user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970617469,Recommended,249590,8032610,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,FacialhairGuy,"A picture says more then 1000 words and teslagrad does just that, it tells a grand tale through stunning scenery and beautifull music. Teslagrad is a must have for the 2d puzzle platformer fan."
76561198343482820,Recommended,249590,32267880,Posted: 8 June,all,Snowstorm Bengal,"TeslagradReleased in 2013, Teslagrad is a 2D puzzle platformer created by Norwegian developer, Rain Games. Set in a steampunk inspired vision of medieval Europe, players assume the role of a young boy who must uncover the secrets of the abandoned Tesla Tower and fulfil his destiny to become the last Teslamancer.Gameplay is focused around the concept of using electromagnetism to solve puzzles and explore your surroundings. Players can charge environmental objects into one of two distinct magnetic poles (blue or red). Similarly charged objects will repel each other, while opposingly charged objects will attract each other. Players will also encounter oscillating electromagnetic fields which follow the same game mechanics, and can be used to propel players both horizontally and vertically in order to reach new areas or avoid hazards.The gameplay is relatively linear, with each section of the tower needing to be completed before you can unlock the next. However, you will often find yourself gaining a new ability which can then be used to access previously unreachable areas or collectables. This backtracking is done with relative ease and does not normally feel too laborious.Light combat elements are present, but for the most part you have little means of defending yourself. Instead, emphasis is placed on using your powers to avoid and outsmart enemies. Even the boss encounters have a heavy focus on evasion and retaliation through indirect means.Teslagrad was developed using the Unity game engine. Graphically, it uses over 100 hand drawn illustrations as background artwork. These colourful environments are beautifully crafted and provide a charm that perfectly complements the steampunk setting. The 2D character sprites are decently animated as well. The soundtrack also deserves an honourable mention as the music has a whimsical tone that helps sell the concept of this fantastical world.With regards to storyline, Teslagrad is fairly unique in that there is no written or audible dialogue in the entire game. The plot is conveyed purely visually in the form of short exposition theatres and collectable scrolls found throughout the game. As a result the story is quite simplistic, but it still provides an innovative and effective narrative that conveys all it needs to.Teslagrad is a short game that can be fully completed in less than 10 hours. The later puzzles do become a bit more complex, and some of the optional collectables are quite well hidden, but there is nothing that cannot be solved without some patient experimentation or exploration.The only main criticism I have is the boss encounters. All of the bosses follow set attack patterns which you need to avoid before you can retaliate. However, as the game instantly kills your character when hit, boss fights quickly devolve into a tedious process of trial and error as you slowly learn how to dodge each attack before promptly dying to the next one. It feels quite out of place when compared with the more logical puzzling encountered in the rest of the game.Overall, Teslagrad is a decent puzzle platformer with intuitive controls, some innovative mechanics and engaging puzzles. It is a charming game with beautiful scenery and sound, all set in a fantastical world filled with interesting contraptions and strange creatures. It is a short diversion that manages to provide just enough entertaining gameplay before outstaying its welcome."
,Not Recommended,249590,8164189,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ashmind,The art is really great.But the reason why I can't fully recommend it is a constant repetition of same challenges on even a slightest mistake. Fell from a tree? Please replay last 10 minutes of climbing it again. Decided to investigate some place below? Enjoy your time getting back from it. Boss fight? Do repeat exactly the same motions until you perfect them (any damage kills you instantly and restarts the fun).
,Recommended,249590,11905783,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Sweetshit,"Such a great game. It's kind of Braid meets Magrunner: beautiful 2.5D graphics, cool phantasy setting, good mechanics, simple but nice story/plot (lovely told via marionette theaters), puzzles and a tesla staff!Not recommended to Thomas Edison's fans.8.5/10"
,Recommended,249590,14426180,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,noname,"This is the closest to a non-recommendation I can get while still saying the game's worth buying.I really enjoyed the puzzles, the platforming, the exploration. I like the art style, the audio was mostly good (there were a few volume spikes) and the controls were handled well enough (except for some annoyances in the menus.)I want to be super clear. This game is unforgiving. Everything,everythingis instant death. This isn't too terrible in most sections, except for the larger rooms where death will set you back to the entrance and it takes a while to get back to the part that's thwarting you.Where it really starts to hurt is in the boss battles. Yeah, I'm not sure why there are boss battles in what is almost completely non-violent game (a few exceptions, but they're mostly avoidable)The boss battles are brutal. No checkpoints. Die? You're back to the entrance to the room. Hit? At all? Dead. You're back to the entrance to the room. Any mistake? Any misjudgement? Die. Over and over and over again. Also, I don't know if I'm bad, or the controls just aren't as tight as they should have been, but I found myself dying repeatedly to stuff that I think I should have survived. (I can't be more specific without some spoilers.)I think that last boss killed me 100+ times before I finally beat him. (Then I had to do it again to get the right ending. Should have picked up all the scrolls the first time D: )I can honestly say I'll never play this again. But I don't exactly regret it either.That said, if there's ever a sequel, I'll have to think long and hard about playing it."
,Recommended,249590,8034068,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Murvats,"Awesome artwork, challenging and intellectual gameplay. Love it! Will be among my christmas presents this year :)"
76561198008157353,Recommended,249590,8036539,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[N.O.O.B.] David,This game is great. It's metroidvania like has great visuals great puzzles and a really interesting story told only though visuals like drawings on the walls. I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle games. Only real problem is later puzzle can be frustrating just becuase they require percision. Also it has great boss battles even thought there is only a couple they are very memorable. I beat the game in about 5 hours bu it has collectables which the game hits at a secret ending if u collect them all. Even though it's kinda short this game in my opinion is well worth it.
,Not Recommended,249590,13271261,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,GBee,"Some other reviewers have mentioned that it's a good game which can be infuriating at times. I agree, we only differ on whether we'd recommend it on that basis. I like the puzzling. For me the infuriating bits, mainly the non puzzle boss battles, ruin it entirely, there is no room for error, death is instant meaning you cannot make a single mistake or you'll start the battle all over again from scratch.Added to which, trial and error is sometimes the only way to know what works and what doesn't. Fighting later bosses is exhaustingly repetative and brutal. It's all very retro, a reminder of times when games were punishingly hard and very repetative, if you are nostalgic for those times then you may enjoy it but I cannot recommend it.I play games to relax, and there is nothing relaxing about fighting the same boss countless times, making achingly slow progress with no clue how many 'hits' you need to land before it's finally over."
,Recommended,249590,8031956,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jamyjet,"A great little indie title, well worth picking up if your a fan of 2D puzzle platformers such as Braid and Limbo. This game has such a beautiful artstyle and great gameplay to keep you occupied for hours.For gameplay, check out my channel -www.youtube.com/user/jamyjet"
76561197993891197,Recommended,249590,15247156,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"I almost gave this game a thumbs-down at several points while playing. I had gone into the game expecting “Braid with magnets” and Metroidvania-style exploration. Instead, I got a Super Meat Boy clone with long, frustrating, unforgiving platforming segments and annoying trial-and-error bosses. The magnets are mainly used as a means to traverse death gauntlets, often with twitch-action polarity shifting. One wrong move and you’ll either die, or fall down a long way and be forced to climb back up. The magnet puzzles themselves are pretty bland and uninspired physics puzzles, and ultimately pointless. The level design is about as linear as a Super Mario Bros. level, and all four of the important powerups are placed directly in your path. Backtracking is only required for 100% completion (or if you happened to not find at least 15 of the 36 collectables to unlock the door to the final boss). Overall, it failed to meet just about all of the expectations I had for it.What redeems this game is the atmosphere, art style, and storytelling. There are no words or dialogue at all; this game tells quite a fascinating and unexpected story through the environments, characters, and pictures alone. The hand-drawn art and backgrounds are all beautiful to look at, and there’s no shortage of good music, both of the catchy and atmospheric variety. Perhaps it's style over substance, but for me it really worked.Once I attained 100% completion and reached the best ending, I looked back upon the game and realized I was glad to have played it. It was a real emotional journey. There’s nothing at all awful about the game, it’s just average in a lot of ways. The difficulty isn’t actually all that hard, it’s just frustratingly out-of-place, and skill eventually did take over and help make the experience more enjoyable. And despite the lackluster puzzle design, there were some instances of great ideas in there; the secret scrolls were highly satisfying to find and collect. With minimal hints and hundreds of mistakes, I got 100% completion in less than 10 hours.So, after much deliberation, this gets a thumbs-up from me. If you can get it on sale for half price, and if you can put up with the stupid platforming sections and the death gauntlets, you might also find there’s a lot to enjoy here."
76561197968547326,Not Recommended,249590,27907501,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Despair Uranus,"A clever puzzle-platformer ruined by five-minute-long, one-hit-death, pattern-memorization bosses that infuriate and only serve to pad the game length.There are only five bosses in the game, but they will easily account for half of your playtime. Executed perfectly, the last two bosses are over two minutes of progressively more difficult attack patterns. One mistake, and you're back at the beginning of the fight. Didn't realize the floor would turn to electricity in this phase? Go back one minute. Didn't expect the floor to explode? Go back a minute and a half. Mis-time a dodge? Go back and do it all again.Further padding the game length, the last area is gated by the seemingly-optional collectibles. You won't be able to reach the final boss unless you've collected nearly half of them. It's not hard, but if you weren't expecting it, it's a real kick in the teeth. Good luck backtracking; there is no way to see which areas still have collectibles.If this game were just about the fun magnetism mechanics, I would have had a lot more fun. Instead, I found myself running face-first into time-consuming, annoying fights, and a collectathon I didn't realize I was required to compete in until the very end of the game.Skip this, and pick up something less insulting of your free time."
,Recommended,249590,11004230,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Taumpy Tearrs,"A great little puzzle platformer.  Beautiful artwork and solid gameplay.  Pretty linear, but the pacing is really excellent, there is rarely a dull moment.  Collecting all the scrolls and the several boss fights add a nice challenge.  It took me five hours to 100% so it's not too challenging and there is not much replayability.  But I would still completely recommend it as it's one of the most enjoyable games I've played in a while.  It's good value at full price, but when it's on sale, it's a must-buy.  Avoid spoilers or guides at all costs.  It offers a nice sense of discovery if you don't know what you're in for."
,Not Recommended,249590,32132694,Posted: 2 June,all,Tineaus,"I made it to the third boss and decided that this thing just isn't worth it. I can't even put in the proper effort for a review so here's a short list for you.The good- nice art stylethe bad- long drawn out boss battles with one hit deaths- physics based puzzles in a 2D platfomer feel awful. Or rather, physic based puzzles revolving entirely around magnetism are really ""wonky"" feeling. Which is really bad considering that's the core mechanic of the entire game.- Really floaty feeling character movement- jerky animation- lackluster controller support- environments feel empty- bad map- forgetable music"
76561198031759055,Recommended,249590,17920125,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Sir King Sabee,"The Good:- Great Graphics- Great Game Mechanic (red and blue magnet)- Story was ok, but not amazingThe bad:- checkpoints are frustrating- bosses were a bit too hardconclustion:- fun game, worth your money if interested.8/10"
76561198115451371,Recommended,249590,12144850,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,About77Hobos,"Awesome game, they got prety much eveything perfect:Story-10/10Music-10/10Art-10/10Level design-10/10Boss fights-9/10Replayability-6/10Teslagrad is a puzzle platformer that only uses one main game mechanic: opposites attract, likes repel. Yet it still succedes in making every puzzle unique and interesting. The art is great, the music is great, and the story is deep and sad (except for the ending), when the game uses no dialogue at all. The scrolls add a great sense of discovery, not only from the secret places you find them in, but from the story they reveal.Some people say the boss fights are too hard, but those people are wrong. I like the games I play to be challenging. Plus, I'd rather have a boss fight that's ""too hard,"" than a LEGO game ""boss fight,"" where you can die as many times as you want without losing any progress.You may not be able to play through the game ten times, but you don't need to. Once or twice is enough.This game is by far one of the best puzzle platformers I've ever played. Keep up the good work, Rain games, I hope you make a sequel!"
76561197969749884,Recommended,249590,32208559,Posted: 5 June,all,Sarkoth,"Teslagrad is a brilliant Platformer which does not have to hide behind Braid, Limbo, PID and others. It's focused on metroidvania-like exploration and puzzles, the only downside being that respawn points are set up mildly frustrating at numerous times, causing you to have to redo whole rooms completely just because there is an zero-tolerance-instant-death-skilljump at the end.Apart from that one downside it was one of the most fun platformers I have played in quite a while though. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,249590,12920326,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Zeekerss,"Teslagrad is sort of like Super Meat Boy, but not so extreme. What I mean is that it's a load of fun only if you're expecting a good challenge. Im talking mostly about the bosses, here. There's a lot of practice that's required in defeating them. A whole lot of trial and error. Some might see them as unfair, but I enjoyed them anyways.The puzzles are pretty neat! Cool game mechanics! There's a lot of exploration involved also, which I had a lot of fun with.The art is amazing, sometimes reminding me of Braid and Limbo (with color.)The animation/sprites are hand-drawn, and they're beautiful.The story is one of my favorite parts! It's told through a series of small mechanical theatres and various other ways. This game's way of story-telling strongly relies on the ""show, don't tell"" principle.So yeah, Teslagrad is a fun game! It clearly had a lot of effort put into it, so I suggest you check it out."
76561198002877290,Recommended,249590,15202887,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mzehn,"Teslagrad is a beautiful example of non-verbal storytelling and gameplay that relies on clever puzzles complemented with neat skills and tricks. You might even call it mix between Braid and Limbo.It's metroidvania scheme allows you to backtrack and collect all the scrolls, which you'll need to experience alternative ending, and trust me its worth it."
76561198038688690,Not Recommended,249590,28877761,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zylo,"This is a difficult call because there is so much to love in this game, the art is gorgeous, the game play mechanics are fun! The story while nothing new is told in an awesome way!But the ""difficulty"" is just way off in this game.The game is primarily a platformer but it never feels like the controls are tight enough to accommodate this. You will often find yourself missing jumps and platforms by mere inches, or sliding off them to your doom, which leads to the next problem. The game is UNFORGIVING with its check point system, causing you to replay portions of a level countless times just to get back to the one jump you messed up on.... to mess up on it again. And boss fights are nothing but learning the bosses pattern by trial an error as it throws instant death attacks at you which means, yes, you get to replay the same boss countless times until you learn all of its moves and manage to get lucky with the imprecise jumping mechanic enough to defeat it. (Rage ensues)If you like cool mechanics and art then this game is something to be seen, Especially on a discount.BUT, if you are the sort of person who gets REALLY upset about constantly failing when you did nothing wrong, or seeing yourself do the same thing twice but get different results each time, then save yourself the increase in blood pressure and don't buy this game.Which breaks my heart, because the art and ideas in this game are so good, it is a shame to see them wasted like this."
,Not Recommended,249590,15551833,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,genoforprez,"Starts out amazing but increasingly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off with needlessly frustrating  platforming segments. The puzzles weren’t bad, and the abilities were interesting, but the magnet-based platforming segments increasingly shifted from fun to just plain annoying. I eventually got to a room that was so infuriating that I decided I could no longer be arsed with it.Worse, the game has boss battles where, if you get hit one time, you have to restart the entire boss battle from the beginning. This means there is no way you can defeat a boss on your first attempt (maybe the first one if you're lucky, but good luck with the others). You have to repeatedly die until you trial-and-error learn all of the boss's moves and patterns and then---on the 27th try or whatever----execute a flawless battle.Worse, there are also non-boss segments where you have to navigate through a room, and the only way to ""solve"" the room is to repeatedly die until you trial-and-error memorize a path through the traps.A beautiful game to look at, but god d*mn frustrating. I hate this trial-and-error learn-by-dying schtick.First half of the game: recommendedSecond half of the game: rage quit, uninstall"
76561197988189939,Not Recommended,249590,28815007,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CoReXS,"Do you love monotiny and frustration? Do you love platformers where a very narow ledge jump must be made exactly perfectly or a key combination must be hit with millisecond tolerance? Do you love fighting a boss 50 times, incrementally getting closer to defeating it while mapping out each of it's next one-shot-kill moves? No? Then for the love of god, avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,249590,15865689,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,GGLucas,"Started off really promising with its magnetism mechanics, I even made it past the godawful second bossfight - essentially having to time twelve dodges by pressing the button at the exact right time, what might as well be quick time events where each failed one makes you watch all 12 infuriatingly long animation sequences again. What demon possesses platformer devs everywhere to ruin their games with boss fights again and again I do not know.But then the next 5 puzzle rooms in a row afterwards were all terrible trial-and-error gimmicks and I just lost interest."
,Not Recommended,249590,28192096,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cravatosaur,Great puzzle game. Ruined by tedious pattern memorization boss fights.
,Recommended,249590,13615764,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Scorch,"There are a lot of aspects about Teslagrad that are great and I really want to like this game more, but there are a few issues keeping me from enjoying it to the fullest extent.I really feel for the creators because I didn't hear anything about this game until I saw it in the store one day. The whole thing is beautiful, proudly displaying handdrawn visuals and fluid animations. The world you explore is mysterious and begs to be explored and its puzzles solved. The story is told completely through visuals with no dialogue whatsoever which was what got me interested in what Teslagrad was in the first place. The music is suitably ambient and fits the mood well.The puzzles involve the concept of polarity and opposite attractions. They're fun and satisfying to complete, but...most of them are pretty complex and if you fail anywhere along the way, it's back to the beginning. There's no penalty for dying, but the pain of having to go through the same thing over and over again just to get to the one part that you screwed up on is enough. Boss battles have a similar curse and caused me a lot of frustration. Teslagrad is under appreciated for its beauty, but that beauty comes at a price: your time and patience."
,Recommended,249590,31472794,Posted: 30 April,all,Gear,"A story about fear, with drama and nostalgia: A relaxing game, full of puzzles with beautiful art and content, only for teslamancers ;-)"
,Recommended,249590,12106816,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Attilion,"Filled with originality and love for the metroidvania genre, this game is great and gorgeous. Simple yet engaging, the exploration is deeply satisfying if you love platforming and puzzles. You can even increase the replay value by collecting all the tarot cards hidden in hard-to-reach places.Still, there is onemajorissue. The game is hard. Not ""I wanna be the guy"" hard, not even ""Super Meat Boy"" hard. It is simply ""old school"" hard. Every room will come with a few deaths, every boss will have to be carefully studied, every pattern analyzed. That would be thegoodkind of hard.The bad kind of hard is the philosophy of the one-hit kill. I am not a huge fan of ""variable health"" in platform games but a two or three strikes approach gives a little room for error while maintaining tension (Spelunky for instance). Here, one slight mistake or one tiny timing imprecision and it's back to the start. For a room, it's okay. For boss fights, it becomes borderline rince-and-repeat tedious if you're not patient/dedicated/born with lightning reflexes. You can also regret the small use of checkpoints (especially during the first final boss which is known to make grown men cry). But there is a reason why the lack of margin of error is detrimental to this game.Which brings us to the worse kind of hard, namely letting a physics engine handle key elements instead of using scripted behaviour. Do not misunderstand me, the engine is solid but it introduces randomness (even in some boss fights) leading to your doom not by lack of skill but by lack of control, precision or just luck. Of course, this is a core part of the game, but this plus the one-hit kill principle sometimes seems ridiculous.To give you an example (spoiling the method for the first boss),one boss fight consists of charging blocks that the enemy will swallow. After a certain amount, it will try to burn you, killing you if you are not on the edge of the platorm, but not too far as not to be thrown in a furnace on one side, electrocuted on the other. At this point, you could have a perfectly good boss fight. Unfortunately the blocks fall randomly and are handled in a ""realistic"" fashion sometimes piling up and blocking your way getting you killed.However, this should not prevent you from buying this game, far from it. The experience is amazing and the art (design and animation) memorable. If you like platforming, add this to your library this instant. Just be prepared for a lot of frustration now and then, but it is worth it."
76561197995655489,Recommended,249590,12651233,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,krisko,"Teslagrad is an intriguing indie puzzle platformer. The use of magnets and electricity as a gameplay device is fun and reminds me of a 2D version of Magrunner, also from last year.Unlike similar games such as Vessel and The Swapper, Teslagrad is more action and reflex oriented. There are enemies and traps to avoid on practically every screen. The checkpoint system is generous in most places if you die, but the one thing where the reflex oriented gameplay falls short is the bosses. There are five throughout the entire game, with the 2nd and 4th being particularly difficult thanks to the fact that you only have one hit.Teslagrad is not afraid to offer a challenge. It is the Dark Souls of puzzle platformers. You will die. A LOT. You'll also feel a real sense of accomplishment upon completion, eve if you don't get all of the scrolls for the best ending.The environments are rich and beautiful. Cathedral-like aesthetics rub shoulders with steampunk and Eastern European influences to create a game world that is striking in its look. The game is 2D, but makes occasional use of 3D and advanced lighting effects to add depth. There were times when I felt the sprites could have used a bit more frames of animation, but overall its a very impressive looking game.Where the game falls a bit flat is in the storytelling. The developers made the decision to tell the story without dialogue, so despite all of the characters having names, you won't really know what's going on unless you look up material outside the game. At its core, the story is about a young boy overthrowing a power-mad dictator.Teslagrad is worth playing if you enjoy this genre, but if it were a bit more polished, it would be truly top tier."
,Recommended,249590,12103295,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Echnaton,"Teslagrad is a wonderful Game. Just when you think the recent challenges are too easy, you receive a new ability that opens up new ways. The puzzles are very interesting and require much attention. Despite the simple mechanics the game is very varied. To 100% the game you have to find 36 scrolls, and some are not so easy to get.The graphic style is wonderful and enjoyable and the sound fits really well.If you're not quite convinced, you can play the good, but short demo and test the game first. In addition, it is possible to 100% this too.I highly recommend buying Teslagrad as one of the best platformer I've played so far! It would be a big fail to skip this even at sale price, it is really worth every cent."
,Not Recommended,249590,33582925,Posted: 16 July,all,Panlannan,"A cute and relatively well executed puzzle platformer.Good music and a sleek art style mixed with intuitive problem solving makes the game enjoyable for the most part.The game falls over in three large respects, the first is notably the boss fights which are repetitive, obnoxiously long and are filled with beginners traps whilst adding no intrigue or extra mechanics as the fights progress.Secondly, the ending of the game is locked off by secrets, I luckily had enough from my playthrough to progress straight away but others may find this to be the start of a long boring trek back though the rest of the game repeating old areas (unless of course you use a guide).Lastly the game is somewhat short with all the main abilities gained early in the game, which means it lacks progression in the mid and late games due to the Samey-ness of the puzzles.There’s some good puzzling here, but its not without its sins, grab if its on sale, but not otherwise."
,Recommended,249590,23981302,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[nBn] Pasqui,"Teslagrad is a beautiful puzzle platformer, with a very interesting story told solely by images (there's not a single spoken nor written word in the game.) The gameplay is solid, the art is wonderful, and the game itself can get challenging yet never impossible.The start might be a little confusing, as it does not tell you anything. You start off just running from your home in the town Teslagrad towards the tower, because you're being chased for some reason. Once at the tower you will get your ""weapon"" and the game actually starts there. Using the power of electricity you will go through the tower to unravel the history of it and Teslagrad, solving electricity based puzzles to progress, finding upgrades to help you further on. Every so often you will come across a theater that will show you more of the story, explaining what is going on and why you're there.The game is metroidvania style, where you sometimes have to backtrack once you get a new powerup, so you can get objects you couldn't get before. This only is needed a few times though, and most of the game is straightforward. There are hardly any enemies in the overworld, most of it is puzzlebased, but the few bosses you will encounter make up for the lack of enemies and are probably the biggest challenge of the game, besides some of the hidden scrolls you could find.The achievements are linked to each hidden scroll you can collect, and the 36 scrolls complete the story in a tarot deck style. If you want the full story, you have to find all 36 scrolls, and that will also open up the true ending. Some of these can be very hard to find, or really tricky to obtain.My main complaint is that the game is too short for me. I would have loved it to be twice as big. I 100% the game in less than 10 hours, so I don't feel like I got the worth out of the full price. But at any discount it becomes worth it to get it, and at 75% off (summer 2016 sale) it's a steal!"
76561198096099509,Recommended,249590,23109702,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Eugene Harold Krabs,"To tell you the truth, I pirated Teslagrad years ago when I didn't have any money (give me a break I was in highschool). I bought it here to support it, because it's fantastic. Although I don't have many hours on here, I assure you I 100% completed the game, and got _ the endings.In my opinion:10/10 Sound8/10 Gameplay10/10 Visuals (The art is amazing!)10/10 Story (The true ending, amirite?)Get it if you don't mind dying a lot and like metroidvanias.Don't miss this gem."
,Recommended,249590,8104817,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,JinTox,"Teslagrad by Rain Games is definitely one of the tightest platformers I've played in many years. Right off the bat this game strikes me as a high quality game. The visuals reminds me of Braid, which sets me in the mood straight away. The art through out the whole game is just stunning. The artist(s?) is working in harmony with the overall vision of the game it seems. It's subtle, not too detailed to maintain the cartoony style of it and the animations are AMAZING. I can't stress the animations enough. Right after I have started a new game, it very smoothly transitions me into the game, and after about a minute the amazing animations of the creepy, small red dude BLOWS me away. KEY FRAMES GUYS.The gameplay itself is challenging. I think the mechanics are very nicely presented to the player. The mechanics are simple in design, which allows for SO many opportunities when it comes to level design. And this is where the level designers have done an excellent job. It's a lot of fun doing the puzzles that are presented because the levels are structured in such a nice way. The mechanics are playing with each other. Often you'll see these tiny magnetically charged creatures wander around, and just by seeing the direction at which they are headed, one can figure out the puzzle even before they have gotten to their destination.A lot of content as well. And a LOT of cudos goes out to the game designers who have designed the boss encounters, because they are AWESOME. Challenging, and always taking the mechanic exploration to a whole new level. JUST at the right time for me personally. You manage to get me sufficiently involved and known with the mechanic, and then presenting a boss encounter to me. This way, I'm familiar with the mechanic, but not familiar enough to beat a boss at the first try. This requires skill as a designer, and you, my dear and fellow designers have MADE IT.Go buy this game. Go play this game. Go ENJOY this game!"
,Recommended,249590,11705837,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Wraith,"An intriguing setting, epic boss fights, amazing art and a nice soundtrack. If you love the new generation 2D platforms, you won't miss this. Better if played with a gamepad."
,Recommended,249590,14452122,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,J5lx,"~ German translation athttps://git.io/teslagrad-review-deutsch/ Deutsche Übersetzung unterhttps://git.io/teslagrad-review-deutsch~tl;drA very well-balanced and fun puzzle game with great artwork and storytelling that is definitely worth it’s money.You should play this if you like:Portal, Portal 2, The Talos PrincipleStoryYou are a little boy in a dystopian land who has to run away from home. On your way you get haunted by some sort of soldiers until you get into some sort of castle or something where you soon find a mysterious golden glove that allows you to change the polarity of certain metal boxes etc. which you encounter on your way, so they react magnetically to each other. This allows you to solve various puzzles to continue on your way. Shortly after you get to a tower containing a blue something which looks like an excursion funnel of Portal 2 but only moves you while you're of the same polarity as that thing. One way of achieving that (and at the moment the only one) is by touching a special flower on the ground of the tower. Then you're moved upwards by that funnel thing, allowing you to get to one of the entrances which are located at both sides (in terms of 2D graphics) of the tower's wall. Now you begin solving various puzzles to get higher in the tower and eventually reach it's top, while encountering various bosses and finding various other ""helper items"" (like the glove) on your way. And when you get higher, you also come across some theatres telling you about the history of the land.GameplayAs mentioned above you have to solve various puzzles, mainly using magnetics but also buttons, funnels like the one from the tower and small robots which can reach smaller places, press buttons and have other side-effects - all in all it's a bit like Portal without Portals and the 3D. The puzzles are all well-balanced in terms of difficulty - you have to think a bit about them, but you don't end up being frustrated and looking in the internet for the solution. The bosses are a bit harder, but basically it's just about figuring out how they work, and then you just have to try a few times until you get good enough to beat them, making them challenging whithout being frustrating.The basic controls are A and D for moving left and right as well as Space for jumping. The various actions of the ""helper items"" are triggered by the arrow keys and can be directed to the character's top or bottom using W or S. You can also view a map (showing only rooms which have already been visited) by hitting Tab. All in all the controls are comfortable to use, and if you're dissatisfied with them you can also change them. The only thing that annoyed me is that the game did not really introduce the map as a feature, I just discovered it accidentally when I found a secret and the game displayed a little information together with ""Tab"" as the key to view the secret (they can be viewed by hitting the right arrow key while in map view).GraphicsAs others wrote before, the game has quite beautiful, handdrawn graphics with fluid animations. And really, there isn't much more to say about this.SoundThe sound effects resemble the mechanics of the game well, but there is nothing special however. The music however is very beautiful and has a sad touch. During the boss fights I find the music to get a bit mechanical, and in other games this would probably be a deficiency for me, but in this game it actually works, mostly since most of the bosses are mechanical as well.Stability / Technichal RealizationI found Teslagrad to work very, very well, at least here on Linux. Everything runs smooth and without flaws. I didn't discover anything to blame the game for in this category.ConclusionTeslagrad is one of the games which tell their story without words, and especially the intro does that very well, since this part in which you mostly run away andexperiencethe story flows directly into the part in which you actuallyplaythe game. However the story is not the main focus of the game (which are the puzzles), and therefore it (the story) is not quite a big masterpiece. However the other parts - the well-balanced puzzles and the nice graphics and music - are all very good and together actually make a game which is a lot fun to play, challenging but not frustrating. Also I find the game to be very well-priced at ~10€, so all in all I’d definitely recommend it to all fans of puzzle games.EvaluationCategoryRelevancyRatingStory20%75%Gameplay20%98%Graphics20%100%Sound20%100%Stability / Technichal Realization10%100%Cost/Benefit10%100%Total95%"
,Recommended,249590,25451379,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Slowhand,"Highly recommendThis game was such a wonderful surprise. I was expecting a pretty good platformer, but the puzzle aspects were really outstanding. Not enough games have used magnetism in a creative way like Teslagrad did and each area provided a nice new challenge and really clever ways of using the mechanics.Not a very long game, but enjoyed finding the secrets enough that I couldn't help but get them all which added nice challenges.______Update: I wanted to address the complaints that I have seen1) No keyboard support? False. Maybe at a time it wasn't supported but I used a keyboard with no issue2) Game is too unforgiving? Though that statement is by nature subjective, I'd like to say why I argue that. I DO agree that the game can be quite hard, but I absolutely say that it is forgiving in that when you die (and you will) you just go back to the start of the room/section you are in. You are back in the action quickly and ready to try to learn from your mistakes (or not)3) Annoyed with needing to collect enough scrolls to get to the final section? I'll agree that is a strange requirement and I disagree with it. I only had 11 of the 15 needed so I did need to do some backtracking.Not picking a fight, just how I interpretted the game. Hope this all helps."
,Recommended,249590,29362524,Posted: 19 January,all,Daidaloz,"I really like this game! It's an awesome platform-puzzle game with amazing graphics and soundtrack. It tells an entertaining story without a single word spoken. It has cool level designs and interesting and well made enemies and bosses. It is also easy achivements for those who seeks games filled with those. Another bonus is that this game is quite old, so it's on sale every steamsale."
,Recommended,249590,10921252,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GamingSanta,Beautiful game with unique mechanics. This is also the first puzzle game I've seen with multiple boss fights that are both unique and challenging.
76561198030367984,Recommended,249590,12963125,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ExaltedDuck,"Teslagrad is an action puzzle side scroller.  I won't say much to the details of the story because it is best experienced in the format presented in the game.  It is well developed without being spoonfed to the player.  The main game mechanic is that there are blocks charged with red or blue energy and you're able to change this charge on some to move them or pick up a charge to move yourself.  Like charges repel each other and opposite charges attract.  The art style is highly developed with almost a steampunkish vibe.  There are large mechanical boss monsters at a few points in the game, and they require clever use of the game's mechanics to defeat.  There is a lot of exploration but I would like to have seen more metroid-style backtracking when new gamplay features get unlocked.  There is some, but there are also whole large sections that never need to be revisited unless to grab missed collectibles.  A few of the puzzles are extremely devious, but the challenge in solving the harder sections comes from having to perform extremely precise actions rather than just being completely stumped.  Some of these sections get rather frustrating, but overall, it's apparent that this is meant to be a difficult game.  Overall, however, I would say this was my favorite summer sale 2014 acquisition."
,Recommended,249590,28169275,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dravvad,"Get. This. Game. Right now!Teslagrad is a platformer that brings out some new gameplay elements through the use of electricity and magnetism. The premise of the story is not explicitly given to you besides seeing your parents and the downfall of a city. You watch a few speechless scenes throughout the game, and you can find some collectibles which are just small drawings of events. It is mainly up to you to piece things together as you want.While some people seem to hate that aspect story-wise, I don't think that it detracted from the game for me at all. The biggest portion of the game is the mechanics. As you go running around rooms of a big castle tower, you will find new items that unleash electricity-related powers. You can change certain electricity-powered items to different polarities, simply shown as red or blue, which will allow for things to attract or push away from each other. You can hang onto ceilings or walls, shove yourself away from them, pull items towards you from far away, and many other things by using different power-ups with your magnetism.The visual drawings for the game are beautiful from my perspective. So many rooms in the castle are interesting (for instance, the tree room), with nice colors and effects. The game might seem 2D from stationary screenshots, but the game is actually 2.5D as things will change perspective and motion when you're moving around, giving the perception of depth to the rooms properly. Lighting effects from the electricity and fires, enemies like the grues... everything is nice. I love the looks of this game.For the audio, it is somewhat varying. The sound effects fit all of the actions in the game, whereas the music is more of a quiet background for the majority of your playing. I thought most of the rooms seem quieter music-wise, except for bigger scenes or puzzles, which is not necessarily a bad thing. If you play through the castle with nothing but sound effects, I imagine you will feel a little more chilling than when music suddenly comes into the game.The actual delivery of the game reminds me of Castlevania, which I'm sure other people have said, although it is a more linearized version. What I mean by that is: there is only one real direction to go in the tower, and that is up. The only way to continue upwards is through a singular specific set of rooms for most of the way. However, there are a lot of side rooms, hidden puzzles, a few places that need backtracking to get through (though not that much, thankfully).The exploration still felt fun, however, as each new chunk of the tower gives you a new environment, typically with new types of puzzles and possibly a new power-up for your character to use. Each chunk of the castle also ends with a boss fight, which many people seemed to crazily complain about for this game.To address the boss fight complaints: I did not have anywhere as much trouble as some people claim they did, though I will agree that there are better ways the boss fights could have been done. Each boss took less than 10 minutes for me to complete, with the exception of the last two bosses in the game, though those were maybe 15 minutes each. The main problem of the bosses are that they are identically repeated patterns that require memorization (except for the final boss who uses moves in random order). But because you cannot know their patterns or moves in advance, each new move will easily kill you, causing you to restart the fight. Then it becomes a cycle of ""Work until a new move. Die. Work until the next new move. Die again. Rinse. Repeat."" But it did not anger me for too long, so I think many people's complaints are over-the-top as the fights should not have been game-ending.In any case, this game is a great package. I honestly think many more people should experience it because it gives off a nice, interesting personality as you play through it.I highly, highly recommend buying and playing Teslagrad."
76561198043601462,Recommended,249590,8039926,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,hedgard.hugaas,"Puzzle platformers are not really my cup of tea, but I decided to give Teslagrad a try. (Hey, any game with such clear references to Nikola Tesla is a must-buy in my book.)And... it's pretty awesome. The gorgeous hand drawn graphics, the brilliant musical score, the punishing (at times) gameplay, the responsive controls and the immersive story  all make this a must-buy game. And at this price, it's a steal."
,Not Recommended,249590,26110137,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Iyamtebist,"There is never really any feeling of satisfaction or progress in Teslagrad, and the game is just flat out boring whenever it isn't frustrating. More critics need to realize that just because a game looks nice and is playable does not mean it is a good game. If people do not point these things out, then more games will continue to use them because developers will not see a problem with them. It is because of these design choices that I find myself developing distaste for puzzle platformers in general. I like the idea of them, but if they are going to keep making these mistakes then I do not see the point in spending my money on them.If I wanted a game based on reflexes and quick thinking, I'd play an action game. At least then the game will be based around it. Teslagrad, however, tries to do two things but fails at both because the two things go together like ice cream and gravy. I ultimately found Teslagrad to be unsatisfying and just not very fun to play. There is no shortage of retro styled Metroidvania titles on Steam, so it is not as if Teslagrad doesn't have any competition. As such, I'd suggest passing on Teslagrad, as it turns out that opposites do not always attract.Full Review Herehttp://www.gamefaqs.com/PC/717638-teslagrad/reviews/161588"
,Recommended,249590,24620260,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SpoopyDoops,"This game is fantastic, it's puzzles are consistently engaging without being hair-pulling levels of difficult.Pros----Awesome background art, very cool puzzles, satisfying abilities, sound effects, and animations, very ambient music, and the game doesn't waste your timeCons---Certain characters change frame rate midway through animations, a few bosses aren't fun to fight, and the game crashes for me when I go to other applicationsThis game is super fun, it's puzzles are designed so that you're almost always having an ""Ooooohhhhhh"" moment, and they're fun enough to keep trying without getting irritated, pretty much anyone could beat this game. Abilities are satisfying to pull off and the sound effects sell them even better. The game is also shot enough so that you're always doing new things, and you really only have to re-explore if you want to complete the game, and I never got lost like I do in so many other Metroidvania games. Aside from a few boss fights that are just a long slog of memorizing their moves and some framerate changes in animation, this game is fantastic.If you like puzzle games, metroidvania games, or solid platformers, this game is perfect for you."
76561198008899722,Recommended,249590,14734407,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,DragonsDeck,"Excellent side scrolling puzzle game.  None of the puzzles were overly complicated or so hard you were going to run to Youtube to have to solve them.  Not an overly long game, but at the same time it isn't drawn out either and none of the mechanics are over done which makes it feel fresh throughout.Art/Graphics/Presentation were all great and fit the theme and story nicely.  Story was a little simple but told in an interesting way and kept me interested for the duration of the game.Only frustrating thing is maybe the boss fights.  Very unforgiving at times and if you don't have super fast fingers you start the whole fight over."
76561198018111486,Recommended,249590,15161565,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,yellowsnow402,A few days have gone by since I finished this game and I would wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzle platformers or who wants to give one a try. The overall game design is amazing and the art is beautiful. Many stars given and gt a ton of patients for the boss fights.Want to see my playthrough with some commentary before you buy? Check it out!https://youtu.be/fd24sGim-UE
76561197991646774,Recommended,249590,20386937,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TurboTuber,"Bear with me, as this is the first review I've written that wasn't in the pursuit of a community badge (I think). Generally I've tried to avoid the Steam review system, as despite the best efforts of a great many reviewers the big blue and red hands at the top of each label each review as calling the game GOOD or BAD. There is little room for subtlety in such a system, and while many reviews list both good and bad qualities of a game and insist that certain tastes and demographics should definitely avoid / immediately buy the game, the specter of the big, colored hand trumps the text of a review.But Teslagrad, though.This is a game which I have absolutely no trouble in plastering a big, blue hand on. Were this just a series of puzzle rooms with no connecting narrative, I still would have had a blast playing it. Maybe it wouldn't have possessed me to sing its praises in a review, but I would have finished it. As it stands, Teslagrad is one of the great meldings of narrative and gameplay to exist in the modern age of gaming. Teslagrad's is a story (nearly) without words, a story told through the environment and the somewhat optional collectibles. The few and far between mechanical puppet shows which play out are the closest the game comes to an exposition dump, and they are short enough to not impede enjoyment and completely skippable besides. The story is not that complex, but it is different enough from the usual fantasy offerings that it was a reasonable part of my motivation to finish.Visually, Teslagrad is pretty damn tops. The character designs are simple, cartoonish and pleasing, while the environments and bosses have what I feel to be the perfect degree of detail and fidelity to fit in with the tone of the game. Had this come out in a time before every other indie game of note was a stylistically striking platformer I might gush more about the graphics, but our cup runneth high enough that I wasn't as impressed as I might have been.The mechanics and feel of Teslagrad compliment the game perfectly. While gameplay concerning blue and red magnetic polarities is no longer a particularly novel concept, the execution of the puzzles and the way that they tie in to the story and world make up for this game coming too late for the idea to be novel. The puzzles never become too hard, and while it's possible that you will be tripped up at several points it will most likely be due to platforming difficulty rather than the inability to wrap your mind around a puzzle.While there are faults in Teslagrad, none are so glaring as to ruin or even mar the experience. The game is slightly short, though this could be said to be to its advantage, as it never overstays its welcome or stretches itself too thin. One or too puzzles almost necessitated deaths to learn how they worked, and while trial and error is not an inherently bad method of teaching the player there was at least one occasion where I felt cheated into a death that the game could have been designed for me to avoid. Finally, without spoiling anything, the final boss could have been handled better. Their attack pattern and design didn't quite meld with prior revelations about the character and the end result is just a boss that feels designed as a generically powerful figure than the unique character he was subtly built up to be.If forced to attach a number to the game, I would give it an 8/10. For context it is one of my new favorite games, but the parts that fail to shine as brightly hold it back from a higher score. Having said that, absolutely play this. If you enjoy puzzles and and platformers, or even just wish that more games had narratives that were married tightly to the gameplay, this is for you."
76561197984170293,Recommended,249590,8073751,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,rayik,amazing game! if you like fun puzzles and platforming this is a super fun game the whole way :) the checkpoint sytem is great you wont pull your hair out having to do tons of work over and over again
,Recommended,249590,8041972,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,morrritz,"A really nice and fun Metroidvania-type game. Just challenging enough, and with great animations and visual style.Some in-room and/or boss fight checkpoints could be nice, but once you master a part of a puzzle or the pattern of the boss it´s not a big deal to replay that part.There is a demo here on Steam if you are uncertain to buy! Try it! (The demo gets more interesting when you get the Blink ability.)"
,Recommended,249590,9149976,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,G R U N K R E,"I love this game a lot. I really do. the story, the artwork, the puzzles all fit together in a beautiful masterpiece that I have spent many hours playing and loving it."
,Recommended,249590,28257489,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Savil,"Nice little metroidvania with quite nonstandard mechanics related to manipulating magnet charges of yourself and surrounding objects. Gameplay is mostly puzzle-based with platformer elements heavily exploiting charge attraction/repulsion. Overall, feels fresh and fun.My only rant is that the game is a bit too short."
,Recommended,249590,10988859,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,private ryan,"It all got started when a friend showed me a remix of the soundtrack for some indie-game. I listened to the song and thought ""man, if someone can make a remix THIS good, then the game has to be wonderful!"" So when the summer sale conviniently rolled in a few days later, i bought the game. The game was 'Teslagrad'.I imediatly loved the game, the graphics, the music, and most of all, the story. The gameplay is wonderful; it has wonderful maps, challenging bosses, and all sorts of challenges. The graphics are astounding; just straight up gorgeous. Also, the entire thing is hand-drawn! The music is beutiful, as well! (i just wish there was a way to download the soundtrack) Finaly, the story. Despite the fact that not a single word is spoken, the story is wonderful! An evil king elimenating all the Teslamancers, while a boy sets out into a mysterious tower, destnined to displace the king and restore peace to Teslagrad.10,000,000,000,000,000,000/10 bestindie gamegame ever."
,Recommended,249590,28670302,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WouldYouKindly?,Frustration!! Thats the key word!!Only for hard core 2D platformer Gamers!GL HF 7/10
,Recommended,249590,8059765,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Zhyn,Collect all scrolls for best ending (comes with nice song).
,Not Recommended,249590,14815692,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,rocketpinion,"This game starts out charmingly enough, but the crappy controls do not support the level of precision the platforming demands.  That, and the game can't seem to settle on a rule set.   The teleport, in particular, is horribly inconsistent.  Playing it quickly devolves into frustration and anger."
,Not Recommended,249590,10238928,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Poison,"I highly recommend you avoid this one, unless you like♥♥♥♥♥♥like I Wanna Be The Guy. First three hours are merely competent puzzle platformer and nothing special. But you want to know the fastest way to ruin a puzzle platformer? Require precision movement with ♥♥♥♥♥♥, floaty control and throw in completely unnecessary bosses. The last of which is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ words can not do it justice. The entirity of Dark Souls was easier than the last boss, and I Wanna Be The Guy was less stressful."
,Not Recommended,249590,8035198,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Al Djeafnte,"While the game's art is really good, and it has an interesting premise, and tells its story in a clever and unique way...This game will repeatedly just waste your time, and almost everything that you do will be tedius and feel like a chore instead of a fulfilling experience.I was actually waiting for this game to come out, but the only thing differentiating it from ""nintendo hard"" is that you do not have an actual gameover state.That said, I actually wished there were, at times, so that I wouldn't have to repeat tedious sections over, and over again to ""explore""This isn't a ""metroidvania"", it's an entirely linear platformer with challenge items.Good art, bad game."
,Recommended,249590,19975153,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Penndawg,"This game is a work of art.  Its art style is uniform across the game and very pleasing.  The story telling is passive and non-intrusive, and yet lacks too much detail which adds a layer of mystery even after you've beaten the game; you'll still hunger for more.  The mechanics and progression go very much hand in hand which reminds of older platformers, which is a nice breathe of fresh air.  In summation, this is one of the best games I have played in a while, if not ever."
,Recommended,249590,24372642,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,fabiodt1,"My two Teslagrads:Funny little platform with beautiful graphic and inspired landscapes. It's not very difficult, just a little of try and error and it's done. The puzzles are not difficult either. Actually they are pretty obvious, because what you can do is limited to the use of red and blue teslasomething. Anyways it's pleasant to play, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,249590,23916986,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Eight675Three09,"First, Nikola Tesla was the man. I just wanted to point out that fact, considering the game's name and subject.Teslagrad's art is all hand drawn (or looks it at least), so the whole experience feels organic. The physics are great too, as are the puzzles you have to solve. I loved it; so much in fact, that I'd recommend waiting to buy it until after the sale is over so the studio can get some love and hopefully make more cool stuff."
,Recommended,249590,23819427,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr. Wapojif,"I played through this several times on the Wii U and was amazed by it. I simply had to get it on Steam, too, such is my recommendation for Teslagrad!Rain Games has created a classic Metroidvania title. It's brutally difficult and unforgiving, but it's also imaginative, evocative, unique, and tinged with a Soviet era sadness. The music features elements of Vangelis of Blade Runner fame and, when complemented by the beautiful graphics, it's quite the experience.Teslagrad is a shining example of why Indie games are so magical and that video games can be considered as art. 100% recommended - it's wonderful."
,Recommended,249590,15391684,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Kayaru,"This is a game that takes me back to when games were incredibly hard. Everything is a one hit kill and sometimes you have to redo things all over in some maps. It can get frustrating, but when you get to conquer that area it's worth it. That's the feeling you got when you played classic games.The story is told through the many scrolls scattered in the maps (collectibles that sometimes seem impossible to get, but you can do it with a little patience), scribbles on the walls, childish plays and paintings. It's a game that focuses a lot more on gameplay than anything else.All of the powers you get have to be used at some point and are necessary to fight bosses (that are really hard to beat) and get collectibles, so there is some backtracking to be done at times.I only recommend this game for people with patience, otherwise you'll probably give up on the first boss battle."
76561198104783694,Recommended,249590,13580361,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,amagnotti,"Teslagrad is the story of a young boy who must venture into an endless laberinth filled with a colorful assortment of death traps. Now this may sound like a few other indie platformers out there, and it does. But Telslagrad isn't just a Limbo or Child of Light rip off, It has its own unique atitute. The puzzles, while occasionaly infuriating, our immensly satisfying and well constructed. Much like its platform brothers, it has a silent, touching narrative told through its exelent soundtrack and beautiful art style. I definatley recomend it to any fans of good puzzle platformers."
76561198178525214,Recommended,249590,14432530,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,northbynorthchicago,"This is a beautiful, satisfying platformer with a focus on puzzle rooms and minimal combat. You will die *MANY* times, which shouldn't be surprising, but some people seem to be caught off-guard by that staple of the genre. If anything, the boss difficulty and health system in Tesla are more than forgiving than both Metroid and Castevania. The difficulty makes it satisfying when you finally nail that jump or that one phase of the boss fight that was giving you trouble."
,Recommended,249590,22699221,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ballz Of Steel,"Great story telling with the theater cinematic, the scrolls and the props of certain rooms.Beautiful art design on all parts of the map, the sound effect and soundtrack are well chosen for all the special moments in the game.The power-ups moves are cool and responsive with a pad, the game-play is not extremely hard but it can be challenging on some bosses. The majority of the puzzles are fun and fair. Backtracking is possible and easy once you have the appropriate power-up.Enjoyable from the beginning till the end with a satisfying ending if youcollect all the scrolls.Buy it!Do it for the TeslaMom!"
76561198003645089,Recommended,249590,9970393,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,da_dj2k,"An interesting puzzle game, it made a long haul flight to africa a lot more enjoyable!"
76561198039114012,Recommended,249590,14512015,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,PugLordBob,"i got this game during a 75% off deal. Been waiting on a sale like that for about a year now. So Telsagrad gave me about 8 hours worth of gameplay. It was very entertaining, had good puzzles, was rather easy at some points too. Lots of collectables for someone like me. However there are some boss battles that are BALLS hard and you die in one hit too so it gets really annoying. However I did enjoy it. I recommend that you wait for it to be on sale because i do not believe its worth a full $10, but this game was definitely worth my time. And hey, if you feel like payin' the $10, go for it. It's just fun. Also the collectables give you a secret ending. I recommend getting them all."
,Recommended,249590,29880217,Posted: 12 February,all,6ap6apblckaAa,"A great game, which for me is like the Aquaria masterpiece. Not quite, mainly because of short length, but the style is almost as great."
,Recommended,249590,29914285,Posted: 13 February,all,Crowbar,"A great metroidvania/platformer/puzzle game. It's quite challenging at times, but well worth the effort. So much fun."
76561198118346803,Recommended,249590,24953474,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Genos,"This is most definitely one of my favourite games of all time. I haven't had it for very long, but it's plain to see that it's rad as all hell. The hand-drawn artwork blows my mind every  time I'm in-game (I have a screenshot as my desktop background), the concept is a really cool one, and it's just a very well put-together game. I felt an emotional connection to the Character (The Boy I'm calling him, as he doesn't actually have a name in the game) and every time I beat a boss I felt incredibly excited. I had a lot of fun playing this game, and I think everyone who reads this should at least try it out. I think there might be a demo, not 100% sure."
,Recommended,249590,8075289,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,CaptainPandemic,"Ive loved this game so far, I beat the mechanical eye, although out of curiosity I went all the way to the top again and because I couldnt get back down due to the electic things on the way up. So I continued to the very top of the castle and back down to where to where you beat the eye. Although I cant get out, the hole where you fall is closed and the walls are impossible to climb back up. All this work and im stuck"
76561198106724537,Recommended,249590,8113688,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Superior Sky_Cloth,"This game is not for the lazy or lighthearted. You will die. A lot.That being said, the art for this game is amazing. In most platforming puzzle games, the game is made more difficult with flashy or obnoxious art. But this game strikes the perfect balance of creative and colorful, but not gaudy. Any fan of Nickola Tesla will love this game: the main characters hair is styled after Mr. Tesla, the game features many Tesla Coils, Serbian Culture References, and many more subtle details about Tesla that only his most advid fans could make out. This game has tight controls, even the first boss you need: the. exact. controls. Otherwise you will fail, many times.This whole game is about precision, if you dont have the ""skills to pay the bills"", or the time to fine tune them ( them being your current skills) then you should move on. If you like a challange (dark souls) and enjoy very very impressive puzzle layout (like seriously how did they think of that?) then get this game. This was a impulse buy after seeing a friend play it, and luckily I was the man for the job. (my friend, ... not so much.)Even though I was frustrated, I found my self laughing often, and thats not easy for any puzzle and or platformer game to do."
,Recommended,249590,11169717,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,(HPR)ThetaKnight,Super Fun! I saw a commercial for this game while I walked into a Rent-A-Center. I got back home looked at it and purchased it on sale during the steam sales and it was worth it!
,Recommended,249590,13311426,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,LegitimateCatSalesman™,This beats Mario any day
76561198060634061,Recommended,249590,33169575,Posted: 2 July,all,Velatus,Exceptional story and story-telling. Loved the stylization. Boss battles are fun and memorable and mechanics are simple to understand but difficult enough to allow for some great challenges. Worth every penny even at full price. Game has aged well.
76561198037659111,Recommended,249590,32879085,Posted: 27 June,all,Amadeus451,"Great platformer-- controls are well-tuned and challenge curve ramps up at a steady pace.  Definitely recommend getting a game pad for this though, only gluttons for punishment will enjoy this with mouse/keyboard"
,Not Recommended,249590,14882649,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Crispy Tacos,"An interesting gameplay mechanic ruined by frustrating boss battles and puzzles that often leave you with no indication of where you're supposed to go or why you're supposed to go there, resulting in a storytelling experience that feels like it has no direction."
,Recommended,249590,8044534,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,RushGaming,"Teslagrad ReviewWatch My Video Review Here:http://youtu.be/yudl_NqtDt4Hey guys and a welcome to the Rush Review for Teslagrad, a new 2d puzzle-platformer, developed and published by Rain Games, that will have you scratching your head at times, while the rest of the time you'll be too busy Falcon punching every monitor or tv screen you play it on to give a damn. That's right Teslagrad is a knowledge based puzzle game that is all about trial and error, and if you think you'll get through this game without much of the error part, you are wrong. Simple as that. But as you upgrade your science based super powers the reward becomes well worth all of the frustration.GraphicsTeslagrad as a very unique art style that mixes an eastern europe setting with a little steampunk meets Tesla action.And Though ""graphics"" aren't the strongest point of the game I will say that the engine's use of physics of Teslagrad give it an unmistakeable charm.AudioFrom the music to the electric buzz of the tesla coil barriers the sounds in this game are spot on! and I didn't feel like I over-reacted one bit in having turned the master volume all the way to 100%. Now, there's no real dialogue in the game and the story is told through some pretty awesome puppeteering sections, but the lack of voices adds to the charm kinda like the old Pixar  films from the early 90S.GameplayRemember what I was saying about Falcon punching? The reason for that is that Teslagrad is knowledge based game without many clues (though their are some) to help you along. The only way to truelysucceed is by trial and error. I bring this up because some people don't particularly like that style of game play, but if you are willing to give it shot and stick with it, you will not go unrewarded.VerdictFor me the game is a definite buy, and I don't regret the purchase at all, and even though I bought it on the release sale for 20% off, that lasts until Dec 20th buy the way. I feel like I would enjoyed the game non-the-less and been satisfied by the normally $10 price tag. So if you buy it now or later all in all, if you stick with the game, you'll absolutely love it!"
,Recommended,249590,33788197,Posted: 25 July,all,Wanja,highly underrated.
,Recommended,249590,12714568,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dotticus,Fantastic game. But it suffers from Portal syndrome.It's way too short.
,Not Recommended,249590,22214485,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Awkwarden,"Whatever fun you may experience while exploring and solving puzzles will wither and die as the lack of precise control over your movements will make you replay the same tedious rooms over and over again. Should you persevere, there is a lot of interesting things to experience, but be prepared to be frustrated. A lot."
76561198257365479,Not Recommended,249590,31677170,Posted: 10 May,all,hobueesel,Don't just don't buy it even when it's with a dollar. The platforming is quite solid but the boss fights especially the one with the eye is just a glitchy hitbox hell. Doing the same thing you succeed one every five times and it just wants to make you bash your controller. It's not even a very difficult game (at least compared to ori and the blind forrest) it's just the controls and hitboxes are so wonky that to keep your sanity just don't touch it.
,Recommended,249590,8471934,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DgsToni,This is an amazing puzzle/platformer. I love the art style. I would definetley recommend this to anyone looking for a good puzzle/platformer.
,Recommended,249590,16280209,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,fohjoh,"Really fun and worth everything. I don't understand why it ""only"" got 77 in metacritic."
,Recommended,249590,11931389,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,BridgetFisher,"Pretty short game of about 6 hours.  In Teslagrad you start off playing as the village idiot, at first it seems interesting but the controls like all platformers are garbage.  Ignore the awards games like this get and awards in general they are usually meaningless.  The menu is a mess as well its difficult to even tell what is selected its so poorly designed.  The boss fights are laughable at best, if they can be called that.  Example is the bird fight, a robot not a human could play this part, it takes zero skill.  Run up to the bird wait for animation attack, rinse repeat done, a robot could do that.  Like all platformers this game was garbage controls, great idea making a game, then forgetting how to make controls work, just make the whole game based around platforming then implement terrible sluggish response and use of odd button assignments.  There 4 BIG buttons on the front of most controllers yet their ignored except the A button.  This game gets the award for just being another platformer fail.  It may look pretty but this is a game, noone is hanging this on their wall, if we could it would be spit on and burned.  People seem to like it because the fights are easy maybe, who knows, maybe because its pretty, either way the controls suck.The dev is very active and helpful on the forums so +5 for that.Rating:  5/10  Value:  $4.99"
,Recommended,249590,32830673,Posted: 26 June,all,moltile,"Watch a video and if you think it looks interesting go for it. I got stuck on a boss but I plan to replay and beat soon. Great game, it looks the part and mechanics are fun!"
76561198031283774,Recommended,249590,24335033,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ctwmitch,"Good side view platform game!!Story presentation is very smooth, skill design also really good fit.However, some stage is quite difficult and lack of MAP hints....."
,Recommended,249590,29422624,Posted: 22 January,all,heavendachuan,"I've almost forget the reason why I bought this game, but obviously I made a wise decision.During the journey you gonna gain 4 different items(magnetic glove; lightning boots; magnetic coat and the powerful magnetic gun)which can help you to beat the challenges.It's easy to get all achievements which connects to the scroll paintings.There are 5 bosses in the game, the last battle you gonna versus the evil king, can you beat him?"
,Recommended,249590,10032472,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,DafterThanYou,"Teslagrad is a fantastic puzzle platformer metroidvania about Teslamancers (who control magnestism for some reason instead of electricity). The beautiful music, challenging puzzles and platforming, and creative boss designs keep you engaged through the whole thing. Simple concepts lead to very challenging and precise puzzles (and bosses) later on, and the way the game tells it's story is by your own observations and how deep you want to complete the game. However it isn't completely flawless by any means. Total game time with 100% completion took me about 8 hours, which is kind of short. It also is incredibly punishing. You do not have any health bar, 1 shot you're dead. This works for most of the game, even enhancing the experience some, but it becomes very frustrating against bosses when the boss pulls out an entirely different moveset that requires some good timing, and you have to start the whole boss fight over again. It gives the game a very ""trial and error"" feel, in a sort of unfair way.But I certainly wouldn't let that keep you from buying and enjoying an incredibly fun game."
,Recommended,249590,10175124,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Mevakel,"Teslagrad is a 2D puzzle-platformer, where you play as a young lad who suddenly finds himself embroiled in an ancient conflict that will shake the foundations of his entire existence, and bring a gruesome truth to light. Beautiful to look at and very interesting Game mechanics Teslagrad brought everything to the table and I was not disapointed."
76561197968176549,Recommended,249590,10956606,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[Blue's]Lagged_Newbie,"8/10.  A nice hand-drawn, 2D adventure game.  The only real weakness of the game is that each castle room has a fairly linear solution with a rigid attachment to mechanics (magnetiziation, teleporting, etc.) that are occasionally flaky."
,Recommended,249590,11843571,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,ZHDINC,"Teslagrad is really just outstanding and I quite frankly wish that it went on longer than it did. Even if you are on the fence about the length of the game, I highly recommend you give it a try. This is one of the better games that I have played in a while and it speaks volumes about the capabilities of the independent developers. This is the kind of innovation that the gaming industry has been missing.The game starts off really simple. You play as an unnamed boy taken to the streets after an invasion of red shirts. In the beginning, you are quite powerless and all you can do is run from the invaders while learning the platforming elements in this game, but eventually you reach the gates of a mysterious tower. From there, you gain your first ability and the rest of the game revolves around solving puzzles with magnetism (the two polarities are represented by red and blue).There is a bit of initial adjustment to the mechanics (I personally was wanting to match colors when the situation needed opposites), but everything feels completely natural after the first thirty minutes. There is some really good level design here because despite having little prompt on what each ability does or what your goals are, there is little question on what you have to do. For new abilities, the game essentially traps you in an area whenever you get a new ability and the only way out is through using that new ability. It is so much more enjoyable to learn through doing rather than watching or hearing an explanation of what your new powers allow you to do. There is also a very long sequence involving hamster wheel-like contraptions that is very intuitive and epitomizes the great level design in this game. This is the way that games should be.There is a nice mix of simple and difficult puzzles, so you never feel as if you are stuck. The more difficult puzzles are enjoyable to figure out and you'll find that some of the puzzles aren't necessarily restricted to one solution. I often found that I initially found my way through a room in an unintended way upon visiting a room a second time. It is actually really fun to revisit older rooms with all of your abilities unlocked since you aren't bound by the restrictions you once faced.The first boss fight is simultaneously epic and disappointing. The atmosphere combined with the music is very ominous; however, you might find yourself thinking, ""That's it?"" It may be an easy fight, but the first fight is mostly designed to adjust your thinking in how you fight the bosses. They are puzzle boss fights much like the rest of the game is puzzle platforming. Your character isn't all that powerful, so it is necessary to think about how you approach a boss fight. Past that first boss, every other boss fight is satisfactorily difficult. There are no checkpoints midfight. If you die, you are absolutely starting at the very beginning of the fight. This game's boss fights are the best area of this game and I wish there were more bosses. Honestly, that's the only change I would make to this game. Usually, I feel like games have too many bosses, so this game definitely is doing something right with the boss fights.The lack of a lives system or something of that nature might seem too forgiving at first, but the game appropriately spaces checkpoints. They never occur too soon and a few take a while to get to. When you die there is a very brief cut to black and then you usually start at the beginning of a room or puzzle sequence. There is some trial-and-error, but the average player probably won't be dying repeatedly in a single area (thankfully, the boss fights are the exception).This game has some incredible set pieces and the hand drawn art is really beautiful. The blue and red polarity motif is extremely helpful at guiding your way through the different areas. The layout of the game won't change for each playthrough, but this is a welcome drawback for the level of detail that goes into each area. If you like to explore in a game like this, there are 36 hidden collectibles spread throughout the game. For a lot of other games, I've found that developers are too sneaky about where they hide collectibles and it is usually ultimately impossible without consulting a faq or wiki, but the locations of most of the collectibles is pretty intuitive in this game. There are a few really hard to find or hard to reach collectibles, but you should be able to find them without assistance if you are trying to find them all (and you are rewarded for finding them all, but I won't spoil how).The collectibles are just one way in which the story is told in this game. The collectibles tell the story through pictures. There are also little theater rooms scattered about the game that slowly reveal what has happened in this world. Much like the rest of the game, these parts are unvoiced (and there really isn't any text in the game aside from menus). Aside from that, the art direction really helps you understand what is happening in this game's world.For those wondering about controls, I played this game a bit on a keyboard, but I found it to be uncomfortable. I recommend using a gaming controller (I used a Dualshock 4 for the majority of my playthrough). The game was a lot more enjoyable once I made the switch over.This is just such an incredible game and just reading a review doesn't do it justice. I can't recommend it enough. This will definitely be a studio to keep an eye on. I cannot wait to see what kind of game Rain Games makes next."
,Recommended,249590,11941079,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Braunbär,The art and style of this game is amazing and the gameplay is challenging(to say the least) and very enjoyable.
,Recommended,249590,9040976,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Sparkleen,"Great little Metroidvania puzzle-platformer. Short, sweet, and really tough."
76561198027154531,Recommended,249590,9048892,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Tim,"Beautiful art style and challenging gameplay.  Even though the lack of checkpoints during boss fights can be frustrating, the pros certainly outweigh the cons!  Definitely a must have!"
,Recommended,249590,9350239,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Reed Tealeaf,"A game that will defentlig make you and smile, cry and annoys you. With good music and amazing art.I will say that this game is a good 9/10 ^^"
,Recommended,249590,13002666,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,warby,awesome metroidvania game
76561198080149888,Recommended,249590,13872049,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,LEGIØN,"**I'm not a professional critic and this is an attempt at creating a review. Please bear with me**Teslagrad is an amazing platformer where one uses numerous objects with their own special abilities to make it through various puzzles. Before buying the game, I played the demo. The demo, though, doesn't really show one enough of Teslagrad and its elements going in. Thus, besides how much I've enjoyed it, I've decided to write a review.Just to give a quick overview of a non-gameplay related aspect, this game is one played in silence; in which there aren't voices. This, though, leads to an amplification of the game's story. Either way, adding voices would do little more than take away the adventure and prevent one from noticing the very fitting and melodic music.Teslagrad is a real mix of three aspects: intuitive and trial-and-error puzzles, coordinated and reflexive platformer action, and exploration.Puzzles: Teslagrad's main view isn't solely focused on puzzles. I'd learned this after buying the full game. One could argue that every room is a puzzle, and that's true. Teslagrad, though, is a linear game and most of these can be discoved with quick intuition. If you're a puzzle fanatic and are looking for a game with a Professor Layton type of challenge, this isn't for you. These puzzles can also be melded with quick reaction, and the bosses are puzzles in themselves; trying to figure out how to defeat them and the best way. You will also die over and over again to find answers.Platformer action: This is especially seen from the implementation of bosses, many of which took numerous tries to defeat. Many of the puzzles and bosses require quick intuition (such as evaluating jump height and distance), coordination with numerous fingers, reflexive actions, such as to dodge attacks, and memorization (mainly of boss moves and how to defeat them). To look objectively, the boss fights are repetative, though: you dodge all of the attacks, you preform a certain action/counterattack, the boss becomes faster and/or has harder to dodge attacks, and repeat two more times.The adventure: This is by far my favorite part. The story is very heartwarming in certain parts and leaves the guessing about the backgroung story. There are thirty-six scrolls scattered in hidden locations throughout the game, each telling part of the story. The story sequence, though, cannot be obtainable in temporal order unless you restart the game after beating it, leaving one continuously wondering about the plot. The ways that these scrolls are hidden also requires active thinking and guessing as to where they might be. It also requires planning combinations of certain moves to get to their locations.All in all, I lreally enjoy Teslagrad, my first-ever attempt at making a review is getting too long, and I think it doesn't suit all audiences based on their ""gaming-values"". 9/10"
76561198094268887,Recommended,249590,15124769,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jurkfitz,"It's good, but sometimes a little frustrating. If you like difficult games, this one is for you."
,Recommended,249590,15208718,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Axel,really good game. you must play it.
,Recommended,249590,20380675,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Borge,"Great game not to long and the animations are beautiful, makes you feel like you're in a disney animated movie."
76561198100800205,Recommended,249590,23475504,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,|||||||||,"Teslagrad is a very good steampunk 2D platformer with nice art. The puzzles are challenging enough and their number is fairly decent. The only ''negative'' aspect of the game is the size of the main corridor, if you fall all the way down it's faster to just quit and roload the game. Aside from that there was 1 bug with a door not opening but it's easily fixed. I had some lag/dropped frames at time but that was probably on my end."
,Recommended,249590,10166185,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,lawizeg,"Teslagrad is as good as its graphics(which are great). No—better, by a long shot. I appreciated the story, the mechanics, and the idea a lot, as well as the gorgeous animation and music. The bosses and puzzles are great, the game is never too hard, but is hard enough and gets much harder when it needs to be and it is so worth it. I 100%'d it; so I can't recommend it enough.Teslagrad is unique, beautiful, and so, so fun."
,Recommended,249590,10222102,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Quil,Wow. Amazing game mechanics with magnetic physics makes this game feel one of a kind. It was very challenging and the story behind the game was great! I recommend this to anyone who enjoy a challening platformer with very neat game physics.
,Recommended,249590,10247334,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Sparrow,Best stylistic metroidvania I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,249590,10954426,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,borknell (kindly friend),Buy Teslagrad for these reasons:1. It's a well made puzzle platformer2. The puzzles are all cleverly done3. The power-ups and abilities are unique and interesting4. The art style is nice5. The music is pretty neat too6. Its not too expensive
,Recommended,249590,12000851,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,chrisDude,"This game tells a great story without a single line of dialogue, cool puzzles, great music and good visuals. Deffinitely worth a try if you like your puzzlers or platformers."
76561198025380437,Recommended,249590,10215633,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,michelle192837,"I'm partway through this game, so noting that this review is up to what I've completed with several hours of playing.If you like inventive platformers that are clever and make you feel clever, get this and play it now. I played this last year when it was at PAX and was extremely excited for it, because it's a puzzle-platformer that has about everything down. The graphics and environment is well-drawn and varied, the physics are down pat, the mechanics are interesting and the game overall is just crazy fun. I am not quite sure what the story is so far but I am liking it as it's presented in snippets.Seriously though, play it."
76561198039769864,Recommended,249590,10282285,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,PixelMonkey,"This game was fantastic. The main mechanics are simple to understand and very powerful, the game has a very good sense of progression, and the length is just about right. The bosses are a weak point, but the art and music and overall quality of the rest of the game more than make up for them. If you like puzzle games or platformers, consider picking this up!"
76561198015264079,Recommended,249590,10335726,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,chapel204,"I really enjoyed this game. The graphics were beautiful and the sound was great. Controls were easy to grasp.Bosses were reminiscent of Mario, in a solve the pattern sort of way. They weren't my favorite part as I enjoyed the puzzle parts of this game. But I appreciate the platformer portions so they weren't out of the flow of the game and did add some intensity to an otherwise more leisurely game.I liked the story and I can see the developer being able to expand on it as you did (depending on how many scrolls you found) got a relatively fleshed out story. But it had a narrow focus that seemed tied to the current game.Which leaves everything else open for the future.All in all, it was worth the money to me."
,Recommended,249590,10580521,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,asinine_panda,Super Awesome Fun Platforming
,Recommended,249590,10845585,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mattness,2D platformer with fantastic art and music.  Fun magnetism-based gameplay and puzzle-solving.  Absolutely recommend!
,Recommended,249590,10992695,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Nameless Nate.j2,"Teslagrad is one of those games that's difficult yet fun to play. The layout of the areas are very intricate and each puzzle that lies within them utilizes the game's main mechanic very well. The puzzles are not that hard to understand; but with the game's fast-moving controls and the numerous amount of obstacles, the game gets very tricky. The game's steampunk theme and the level design remind me a bit of Braid, the cartoony art style remind me of the TinTin comics, and the story is very well-rounded as well. I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys old-school metroidvania-style games."
,Recommended,249590,11044798,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ROFISH,"A puzzle platformer game that mostly depends on magnetism. It's a cool idea that's hampered by really hard boss fights where you die in one hit. In fact, the difficulty is all over the place from easy to ""get gud"" althroughout. Despite needing a little bit of polish, the length is just about right for a Metroidvania (~3-4 hours first run). Not recommended for those ""bad at videogames""."
76561197984321246,Recommended,249590,11396472,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dark Adonis,"Game is a lot of fun, puzzling, and sometimes frustrating due to some of the bosses, but definitely a fun game!"
,Recommended,249590,11537535,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,boyo,"Teslagrad is an amazing platformer, just try out the demo and you will see what I mean."
,Recommended,249590,11764539,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Edge Case,A fun little game. It won't take you terribly long to finish but it's enjoyable.
76561198024827477,Recommended,249590,11935464,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Sgt Ironpants,"Teslagrad is a fantastic game. I highly recommend it: aesthetically beautiful, the game challenges your imagination as it gets gradually harder and the puzzles more complex. You may die a lot but the checkpoints are well placed. The steampunk universe of the game is immersive and should appeal to your inner child. Definitely a game I will remember."
,Recommended,249590,12076156,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,risen,"Normally, due to my time on the internet, the mere sight of the Unity engine logo causes my gag reflex to activate. Teslagrad on the other hand is a glorious puzzle platformer worthy of the attention of any fan of the genre that doesn't cause me to gag. The art style is interesting and the story is interesting enough to be a lovely garnish for the gameplay. The major downside is the one hit death system, making boss fights annoying if not frustrating. I enjoy this but others may find this mechanic incredibly off putting."
76561198084229436,Recommended,249590,12084633,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Rin the Panda,I have really enjoyed this game! The platforming is thoughtful and challenging but makes sense in the physics of the game. The story is nicely entertwined throughout the game using background and even acheivements. I highly recommend this game for people who like logic games!
,Recommended,249590,12205414,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Trumpanator,"What a breath of fresh air. If you liked playing Mario you will likely like this game. It has stunning graphics, an amazing sound track, great controls and very immaginative puzzles and bosses.Yes. It's very hard at times. But with infinite lives and fast pace it's good like that! My only gripe with it is that toward the end of the game you are basically sent on a fetch mission throughout the previous levels. Thats a crappy way to go..I do hope it gets an expansion and I look forward to more from this company!"
76561198058425245,Recommended,249590,12985192,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dimir Djinn,"Only took 6 hours to beat and collect all the scrolls, but the game was fun overall and has some replay value when you start to get bored. Even on the 2nd and 3rd play-throughs the later levels and bosses still proved challenging.I give it a 9/10."
76561198120772870,Recommended,249590,13929879,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ryandickerson2013,"Hi, I don't know how to contact you guys directly so I have to do it in the review section. The game looks lovely and I have been able to play it using my keyboard but when I plug in my wired 360 controller it seems to go funny. Only the left part of the controller works so I can scroll up and down on the menu section but I can't select anything. Also it's doing something it wasn't before now, the options section when selected with a mouse just brings up a blank screen but you can still hear the sound as you scroll up and down.I keep coming back to this game hoping that something will get updated so I can play it through as I've never had these issues with any of the other games I've bought on here. I'm just wondering if there is anything I can do to fix this problem. Cheers"
76561198041442889,Recommended,249590,14059948,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,culinarykid92,"I really enjoyed this puzzle platformer. It takes the idea of magnetism and applies it in a very fun way. None of the bosses are frustrating and everything is pretty nice. The one issue I had with the game was when you get to the final level and it wants you to backtrack to get hidden scrolls that most requires some difficult platforming to get. Because of this, I have not beat the game, but watched the rest on Youtube. Collect all the scrolls for a very great ending."
,Recommended,249590,19260444,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Hudbus †<CC><,"A simple, yet difficult Platformer/Puzzler. Teslagrad places the player in the middle of a Steampunk inspired European nation under the tight grip of a dictator.That's all I'm going to say story-wise. The game tells you events that happened before through in-game scrolls and other methods.It's not too long, and not extremely difficult. Overall it's a visually pleasing game that is going to stick with you.Just be sure to use a controller. You will need it at some points. :)EDIT: Grammar."
,Recommended,249590,19299654,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,F3R3NZCY,Very fun game with excellent controls.
,Recommended,249590,19345507,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Enlocke,"If I could give a ""Mixed"" recommandation I would.BE WARNED ! If you're expecting a nice and relaxing metroivania puzzle game then don't buy this.While I loved puzzles and exploration, bosses felt really out of the place for me.They're too hard and you die in 1 hit.But if you think you're up for the challenge then go for it and enjoy the ending I could never see !"
,Recommended,249590,14215111,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kvothe,"A very nice platformer with a difficult but rewarding bosses, a good variety of mechanics to keep you interested and a some puzzling as a counterpoint. The music is fantastic, very atmospheric and matches the current action quite well. But the art, oh the art. Evey animation adds so much character and life to the relatively simple but very pleasent art style. Admitedly the art style took some getting used to simply because it's not something tend to see but it makes for a beautiful setting and even more beautiful characters. Both the story and the gameplay use a show, don't tell methodology which was extremely nice to see. There is no dialogue but you imidiately get a sense for state of the world and the story is driven by the art itself. Similarly the game gives you no explicit instruction but to tell you the keys you need to press. It presents you with a simple problem first so that you can experiment and learn the new mechanics.Very enjoyable well worth picking up if you enjoy puzzle platformers even a little bit."
76561198046469572,Recommended,249590,23624193,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cyberϟam,"This game is a ton of fun. A nice break from the mind numbing amount of games i've been playing, all with kind of the same gameplay. I'm like the puzzles and platform style here. Pick this game!"
,Recommended,249590,19893287,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gray,"Teslagrad is a puzzle game that appealed to me, even as someone that my friend calls an irrelevant fool. Why? I'm not really sure. Maybe it was the action element that crept in, or the fiendishly clever puzzles. But suffice to say that it's a blend of action, puzzle, platformer and who-knows-what-else that really has no business working as well as it does.Its art and music are phenomenal and work together to create a fantastic environment with a rich story hidden in the works of the ancient magitech tower of Teslagrad. The silent protagonist makes his way through with a stoic expression and an expanding arsenal of puzzle-solving gadgetry, accompanied by only the ghosts of the past and the music of Bear & Cat Studios.Teslagrad is by far one of the greatest games I have ever played, and I can't find very many if any flaws with it. It was a delight to play through the first time, and just as fun on repeat performances. Even as a man who doesn't often go for puzzlers, it was truly a great adventure."
76561198169329347,Recommended,249590,24327464,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,fleetinglimelight,"Loving this game!  I got it on sale, but I think it's worth the 10 bucks for sure!  Very cool mechanics with magnetic fields and polarity.  The puzzle aspect is more challenging than I expected, but that's a plus in my book.  Very attractive graphics and style."
76561198372747910,Recommended,249590,32291039,Posted: 9 June,all,SmashTom,"Teslagrad is a great game. It combines puzzles, platforming, adventure and visual storytelling into one package.Let's break it down:Pro:+ Amazing visual storytelling. Not a line of dialog, and it doesn't hurt the game in any way.+ Creative and challenging puzzles.+ Power-ups to collect to explore more of the map+ Additional (partially) optional items to collect for those who love to explore+ Great soundtrackCon:- Some of the bosses can be frustrating to defeat- The game is rather short (about 6 hours if you want to collect everything)- Little replay value"
,Recommended,249590,19898361,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Eon,"""                           ""-quote from the game"
,Recommended,249590,21280043,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,oh screw me,"This game is incredible. I would honestly recommend it to everyone. It does so much right and almost nothing wrong.Pros:- innovative game mechanics that never overstay their welcome- mysterious atmosphere that works perfectly with the story- beautiful art- smooth and clean animation- well-done game design- checkpoints are automatic and frequentNeutral:- the bosses can be annoying to some. I personally prefer the bosses this way since they're supposed to be hard, but I can see that some people can get frustrated with them.Cons:NoneI 100% recommend this game, the developers have done a great job and it's surprising that this game isn't getting that much attention."
,Recommended,249590,19883041,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,IGHOR,"Really great platformer!If you like Braid and Limbo games, this one will be also your favorite."
,Recommended,249590,24074737,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,.Loopy.,"Wonderfully hand drawn animation in a world that begs to be explored.8/10Worth the price?:You can tell a lot of effort went into his game, $10.99 is a great thanks to the developers.PROS:-Wonderful hand-drawn animation-Unique world and abilities-Story is interesting to follow-Tight controls-Backgrounds are masterpieces-Secrets to find-Well designed boss fightsCON:-Hitbox sometimes feels offTeslagrad is a gem of a game, I am glad I stumbled upon it. No voice acting needed to tell such a great story, the superb visuals tell it all. All the ""equips"" you get in the game are fun to use and work well with the games mechanics and theme. There are lots of secrets that help explain the story making you want to search for them all. Overall this game was a joy to explore and the puzzles had a good range of difficulty ranging from easy - completely stumped. If you like physic puzzle games, or adventure platform in general then for sure check this beautiful game out!"
,Recommended,249590,8058166,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sigma,"Please play Teslagrad. No, really, please play this game. The visuals are vibrant and gorgeously animated, and the atmosphere of the game struck me in a way that I haven't felt from an indie game in a long time.At its core, this is a platformer that never forgets the fact, and never waters down the platforming to deliver story or test mechanics, but rather inegrates it fluidly and masterfully. The levels are non-linear, you walk where you want to and discover secret parts of the map as you please. The mechanics are very tight, and on the whole the experience feels reminiscent of 2-d metroid games.The boss fights are unique and challenging in the best possible way, testing your reactions and skills as much as they test your wits. I urge you to give this a try if you have any inclination towards 2-d platformers- you will fall in love with it, and if you aren't normally inclined I urge you to give this one a try as an example of a current-day platformer done ever-so right."
,Recommended,249590,9153877,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Kevin,"Challenging and fun game. If you haven't tryied it already, you really should!! :)"
,Recommended,249590,8100115,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,glypher,"Its hard to find a platformer I really love. Last one was Guacamelee, before that Super Meat Boy. Teslagrad is a perfect blend of skill and puzzle, with extremely satisfying set of gimmics that make perfect sense in the universe.Oh did i mention that the Art is BEAUTIFUL?! And all the animation is SPOT ON.Without a doubt, the best platformer I've played this year."
76561198058817637,Recommended,249590,8186463,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Pumpo,if you want a fun and hard puziling gmae this is for u but i would only play until after the second boss because the third boss is hard as hell im having to spend hours of my time and have not beat it and i am swearing evrey other word
76561198024188754,Recommended,249590,8624610,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,JayWins101,"I wasnt expecting much from this game, but it's artwork is sooo beautiful. The map is a little confusing that you could think ur progressing make a wrong turn and be trapped in a room from 4 puzzles ago and you need to compete the same puzzles to get back. But i still highly recomend this game"
,Recommended,249590,8996958,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Gingerino,dem graphics doe
,Recommended,249590,9124398,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,gigaherz,A really fun puzzle-platformer.
,Recommended,249590,8056577,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,TinyHatLogan,"goo game i recomend this game because it can puzzle people at times. you can gain powers by getting items such as: magnet gloves, blink boots, polarity cloak, teslastaff."
76561198037514658,Recommended,249590,8059085,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Supersquax,Creative puzzle game based on magnets. Love the boss fights and the gadgets. I liked it :)
76561198074968568,Recommended,249590,8074539,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ScoutxD,"This game was quite SHOCKING. I find ATTRACTIVE to play. Bad puns aside, This is an old school puzzle platformer, using electricity and magnets to advance. Well handrawn and fun to play. Certain areas are hard or frustrating, but they are pretty few. I overall really enjoy it."
,Recommended,249590,8076261,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,tstuessi,"This is an absolutely beautiful game. It is extremely simple, yet unbelievably elegant, and while some of the puzzles are somewhat difficult, there is enough balance between the easy puzzles and the hard ones that it doesn't feel like the entire game is difficult. I would definitely recommend this game to all fans of 2d platformers!"
,Recommended,249590,8990389,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,HioMrSan,"It is a pity this game hasn't received any recognition. I suppose unless you release on the consoles today, you’ll be forgotten. This is a PC exclusive title as of this writing. I'll be the first to admit it’s easy to pass over yet another Indie puzzle platformer, but Teslagrad stands out from the crowd. The game looks so good I can barely believe it was made by a studio this size. It’s hard to not praise the visuals when they’re as good or even better than something straight from Ubisoft’s UbiArt Framework games, (Rayman Origins, Valiant Hearts, Child of Light)Even more impressive is the depth to every visual you see. Teslagrad follows the old adage of, “Show, Don’t Tell”. In fact there’s not a single word of dialogue throughout the entire game, yet you’ll uncover the history and story entirely through its artwork.  Artifacts and paintings adorn all the rooms and help you paint your own picture of who you are, and why you’re here. Broken equipment, and death still lingers in the tower, from a battle not too long ago.Right away you’ll be thrown into the deep end and forced to survive a series of difficult platforming sections. You will soon be complimented by an assortment of gear which you’ll use to manipulate the world around you. Puzzles take the form of Red vs Blue magnetic fields, and you’ll often be forced into interweave the puzzles with precision platforming. I was stumped more than once throughout the game, and have had quite a few sections with 30+ deaths. While it’s not another Super Meat Boy, this can certainly be a challenging game at times, which will test your patience.Chances are if you ever read my review it’s because Teslagrad will be on sale at 85% on some Steam sale long down the road. It’s honestly too cheap. They could have released it at $15 or even $20 for the amount of work and polish put into it. Definitely an underrated gem."
,Recommended,249590,12831262,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,NIИ,Teslagrad is cruel. Teslagrad had me in fits of frustration. Teslagrad is an amazing game.7.9/10
,Recommended,249590,8335568,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Beta Ray Teslamancer,"This is just so awesome! The gameplay starts out a bit dry until you get the Gauntlet of Magnetism, but then it's awesome, cause you get thrown into the action to fight the first boss. (He's hard) After that, you immediately get the second invention, Blink Boots (i think). It's fast paced and really awesome! 10/10 for gameplay, asthetics, and awesome hand-drawn art style! Alright, once you get past that part, it's kinda confusing, but I've been noticing this really more as I've been playing this more often: The soundtrack is amazing. Seriously, it's on iTunes and Amazon, but it's really worth your while, since it's the music of the game plus a couple sounds. This was an amazing game, and I can't wait for the next updates or WiiU releases."
76561198048797084,Recommended,249590,12388704,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,RegularGuyMan,"It's a very pretty game with clever puzzles. Also, the soundtrack is REALLY great. Amazing music."
76561198043537931,Recommended,249590,13676455,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,dpc,It's a fun little game.
76561198008580123,Recommended,249590,33584204,Posted: 16 July,all,PRAVEMI,"Teslagrad... a truly very well done action / logical platformer (with some Metroid ""item mechanic"").You are a little boy in the kingdom where the ""evil"" king have some issues with mages (the inventors of magic electromagnetism). Thankfully... your hero knows something ... erm... simply what to do, where to go (I still dind't get what who why). But that doesn't matter. Truly.What is important that this game have a very good level desing. All puzzles / traps are based on magnetism / gravity tasks and have a logical solutions. Also all boss fights have its own  pattern, which is readable and possible to foresee.There is only ONE BIG BAD thing.You have no health bar. No heart (Rayman or other ""lives"" style), etc.So... when You did a mistake You are dead. And You can repeat the last passage of the game again.During gameplay it isn't so bad. Until... during boss fights its really annoying. Especially if it takes more time to defeat the boss. One hit = doing it whole again : ("
,Recommended,249590,13370221,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Good Boy,"I love it. It's enjoyable; it's fun; has a beautiful artwork.  Has some problems, but can anyone show one that doesn't? If you enjoy plataform puzzle games it worth your money. Good luck."
,Recommended,249590,8454784,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,HadBabits,"A fantastic platforming puzzle gameTelsagrad is one of those games I've been keeping an eye on for the past year. It's got a gorgeous hand drawn art style, solid platforming (I especially like the tele-zap boots), and interesting puzzles and boss fights. You are a boy in a town being invaded by a red army, fleeing across rooftops until you enter a mysterious tower, which you must face many a challenge to reach the top and get to the bottom of the mysteries surrounding it.There's no text, the story is neatly rolled out over the game via paintings, automated plays, and just by observing the beautiful environments around you. It's a great example of how a story can be told through other more interesting means than by walls of text or dialogue. While it's style reminds me of Braid, there's a big contrast: Where Braid seemed to keep it's convulated story in little rooms between levels to glimpse at (""pretentious"" comes to mind), but Telsagrad has a fairly simple story told piece by piece until you get to the part where you come in.The gameplay consists of platforming and using your magnet powers to solve physics puzzles. You unlock more powers which results in new more challenging puzzles. You can punch blocks to change their polarity, (negative or positive) teleport a short distance, and take stock of your own polarity. The possibilities here are fully explored with the large amount of puzzles.  The bosses in this game can be puzzles in themself and really try your skill at your newly gained abilities throughout the game and are satisfying because of that.My only real problem was the diffulty and redudance of some areas. While there are plenty of checkpoints, you die from any damage. Expect to do some areas a lot of times. And sometimes just falling off means trecking back a distance. And some of the bosses are controllers snappingly frustrating. Since there are no checkpoints during bosses, and they in themselves are puzzles, you'll die figuring out how to counter their next move. This lead to numerous deaths and a lot of frustration. But this is definitely not a deal breaker.If there's any justice, Telsagrad will get a spot in the lime light with the other indie champions like Fez or Limbo, because it deserves it. It's a beautiful and challenging game, and I wholeheartedly reccomend it."
76561197968070055,Recommended,249590,8041658,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Nick,"Loving it. Pretty environments, tight gameplay mechanics. There is not a single word of dialogue, the story is completely told visually. There are quite a bunch of secrets in this game and the environments they're in tell quite a bit about the lore and stuff, it's very cool :)"
,Recommended,249590,29653241,Posted: 2 February,all,Drury,"So I've been following one of the devs on Twitter for quite some time for nostalgic ramblings about old games I've never played and funny drunken tweets on friday nights. Having passing interest in his game, I thought I'd finally give it a try, since he shilled it while it was on sale and all.I thought it was going to be a chill game. It wasn't. It was a very hard one. Most of the time not the good sort of hard.But before we get further devastatingly ahead of ourselves,Teslagradis a game of a surprisingly old genre that is rapidly gaining popularity these days - especially for a genre with no official name. So let's give it one, why not - Teslagrad is a littleboyinascaryworld'emup, or a LBSW for short. As it goes with games of this genre, you play as a quiet little innocent boy thrown into a very scary (mostly because it's so frustrating to navigate) world which he explores to find its dark secret. It's also all very cinematic and you'll be chased by a bunch of nondescript bad guys. Sometimes it gets especially dark and becomes slightly horror-like, but don't worry, you'll never see child guts even if the implication is extremely strong.Here's the thing though - unlike most LBSW games, Teslagrad is actually quite challenging, and not just for the usual reasons (where the ♥♥♥♥ do I go/how the ♥♥♥♥ was I supposed to know to do that). It's a pretty tough platformer. It also serves as a model example of why most LSBW games aren't tough platformers. Their little boy player characters control too cinematically (read: tons of input lag as they try to put their little legs in order) to allow any precise movements. And to throw you another curveball, Teslagrad has a bunch of these electricity repulsion/attraction mechanics that are mapped to the keyboard in a frankly bizarre fashion. I had to remap everything except WASD and I still struggled wrapping my head around doing all that electromancing stuff in realtime as the game demands (especially during boss fights)(yes, it's a SLBW with bossfights).It also uses aforementioned repulsion/attraction mechanics for puzzles, but that was actually fun so I don't know what to diss here. Most puzzles have just one solution, that's kinda bad. Kinda really bad, thinking about it.If you're a fan of BLWS games, though, this one does the job just fine. It has a cryptic story told through the environment, it has the cool cinematic ""little boy looking off to distance"" moments, it has creepy old men trying to grab you, you get to zap them with a giant laser gun (oh wait that's not a SBLW thing is it), it's all handdrawn and nice and pretty, the music is great and it'll be over in 5 hours.Actually, there are worse ways to spend 2€. I'd put it at 5€ myself. Full price? Avoid."
76561198094216382,Recommended,249590,12319679,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,hydra,"It's a wonderful game, great game play, great art, great story. absolutly wonderful even my least favorite boss the giant robot eyeball (its nearly impossible to kill and kills me 4-5 thousand times) is nice 11/10"
76561197993741489,Recommended,249590,8039028,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,NULLPTR,Fun game!
76561197971191767,Not Recommended,249590,31783110,Posted: 16 May,all,Luna Wildpawe,Nice visuals and concept but too much trial and error/cheap deaths.
76561198065804203,Not Recommended,249590,9062690,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DALOS,"People say this game in highly rewarding, when I finally beat it it felt like i won a battle against supervillain but in the prossess all of my family and friends died one buy one. the art and story are good but the boss battles will overwhelm your feeling of joy with a sense of rage quit. 6.6/10 for me"
,Not Recommended,249590,16226370,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Kryyss,"What seems like a fun electro-magnatism puzzle platformer quickly switches its polarity from clever to dull and back again as fast as your character can switch between the blue and red polarity fields. The game feels unfinished due to some areas having absolutely no ambient sound leaving you with absolute silence to stand around in while solving puzzles and yet others have a melodic atmosphere.What ruined the game for me was the complete lack of any sense of difficulty curve with puzzles varying from difficult to insanely easy and back again, one example was the puzzle which made me uninstall the game as it was the final straw where you need to use the field-cloak and diagonally placed field generators to repel you  up to the top of a room. If you miss you easily fall and have to start all over again. What makes it worse is that this is the first puzzle of its kind and the momentum needed to achieve the require velocity feels more like luck than actually being in control. There is nothing worse than knowing what to do but the controls not allowing for the kind of precision that the puzzle requires,Is Telsagrad worth a look? Not at all. You're really missing very little here as the game feels incomplete, unbalanced and ultimately tedious."
76561198116707297,Not Recommended,249590,8493532,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,pook99,"DO you know what I can't stand in a video game?  When you can play through the entire game only to reach the end and find that you can't finish the game because you did not collect enough objects, which at no point in the game was there any indication that these objects are required in order to complete the game.Throughout the game there are these little hidden scrolls that you see laying around, I am not the kind of gamer who tries to get 100% completion when I go through a game so if a scroll was convenient for me I would pick it up, but I didn't spend time scouring the levels looking for hidden scrolls.So I get to the 2nd to last boss and after beating him get to a door which shows that in order to proceed to the final boss you need 15 of these hidden scrolls(according to an FAQ I read there are 16 total), so now the only way to finish the game is to go through the entire game again looking for any scrolls that I missed.If the scrolls were needed to complete the game some indication should have been given, or the location of the scrolls should appear on your map when you get to the end.  As it stands it is simply frustrating to put time into a game only to get to the end and have to replay the whole thing before you can beat it.  Decisions like that make me severely question if the game developers have ever played a video game in their life."
76561198032246670,Recommended,249590,8130519,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ol'Slaggy,"Amazing game, made by a cool Norwegian team, highly recommended if you like puzzle platforming and magnets."
76561198025030860,Recommended,249590,8150369,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,A Beautiful Duwang,"This game is amazing. The art style is beautiful, and the dynamics of this game were ingenious."
,Recommended,249590,8213848,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,KingTiger,"sooo much fun. It's a steampunk metroidvania style game with great puzzles and bosses, and a subtle story to go along with it that you'll miss if you're not paying attention :)"
,Recommended,249590,8699170,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,lambardi,"This game is awesome! Excellent soundtrack, great art direction, fantastic gameplay, original while being straightforward and not overly complex. This game is a great purchase for any fan of puzzle platformers."
,Recommended,249590,14510714,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Yeef,"Tip: If you're using a controller, rebind movement to the d-pad. It makes the game control so much better."
,Recommended,249590,14955618,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Monkii,"This game all sorts of good, fantastic 100+ game puzzles all cool and♥♥♥♥♥♥would recommend for Good Game Award.10/10 Would game again"
76561198087097078,Recommended,249590,17929479,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,zeddemore83,"Metroidvania style gameplay. Great, immersive atmosphere. They've chosen a very interesting way to convey story (cards and theater, I won't spoil it anymore).Nice, interesting boss fights, but...Con: controls feel just a small bit wonky. I feel the boss fights would have been better/more interesting if somehow the controls were ""better"".I don't think this will go down in history, but this game is SOLID."
,Recommended,249590,8049759,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,pabloandnene,I'm really enjoying the art style and puzzles in this game well worth it!
,Recommended,249590,8113364,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Wrds,"Teslagrad is stylish, really. The art and animation are some of the most superb I've seen in a 2D platformer. It's also challenging, a rare treat for a 2D platformer at this point I think.The developers took care not to let tutorials break the flow of gameplay. Most information the player needs to know, either about the controls, story, or world is conveyed through the back and foregrounds. That’s something I greatly appreciate and wish more developers attempted.It has an adequate world to build on that is extrapolated on just enough to keep it interesting and fresh. It's not very long, maybe about 6 hours if you're taking your time, a little longer if you get all the extra items.In addition to all that, it has a very catchy soundtrack that doesn't get old regardless of how often you have to reattempt a puzzle.In spite of all that, I can't see the game remaining very memorable. Its charming as hell, but for one reason or another it doesn't have staying power.If you like 2D platformers, you’ll probably enjoy this, but I imagine your feelings will end up similar to mine, eventually."
,Recommended,249590,8118066,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Fightknights,Very cool game. Puzzles are challenging. Grapics are great. Runs smooth.
,Recommended,249590,8121335,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Voxed,"It's a very nice and smooth gameplay throughout the game it's really funny and without a doubt a ""4/5""I would give it a 5/5 but it's one of the hardest games i've ever played. I litterally cried during the secound boss(The mecha burd thing) and even though i shouldnt judge a game by its difficulty, this is so soul breaking that i feel that it needs to effect my rating of the game. Even though i will recommend this game for anyone that likes adventure styled games. Thank you."
76561198071826456,Recommended,249590,8129819,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ginger,Interesting game with complicated puzzles.
76561198009921713,Recommended,249590,8133829,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Chinampas,Very Good Game. Difficult with mouse and keyboard though.
76561197975648063,Recommended,249590,8155071,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,'l|l' VolleMotion 'l|l',I'll be brief! Visually stunning and beautiful. Game mechanics are innovative and fun to play with. Surprisingly reliable physics. Adorable and sweet animations.  Great puzzles. Unique mood and story. A process of learning. Did I mention how beautiful it looks? Enough said: Go play!!!
,Recommended,249590,8208372,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,teknowill,"This is a great game, a lot of fun fairly original and very worth it espcially on sale.I wish they would add a default controller setup for the xbox 360 controller, it'd be nice if it work right out of the box so to speak like a lot of other games now."
76561198091984897,Recommended,249590,8389399,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,theslowestpoke,its like the love child of metroid and mario
76561197979051111,Recommended,249590,8490446,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,miRR0R,Nice puzzle game with alot of great tasks.
,Recommended,249590,8509067,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheMindKillah,"Gorgeous art, beautiful soundtrack and great puzzles. You can tell Teslagrad was made with a lot of care. If you like Metroidvania games, do not overlook this gem!"
,Recommended,249590,8550507,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ShinobiFist,"This game was really hard to resist during the winter sale. But as the gamer that I am, I had to get it. The artwork very reminiscing of the golden era of Disney films and comic strips from a bye gone era. Music very ambient and will mixed that gives you that Metriod vibe during the Prime era. No arrows or holding hand mechanics to tell you where to venture next. This game is pure and challenging, but not borderdown fustration. The gameplay reminds me of two titles. Shilloute Mirage, by Treasure and Metriod. Due to the stage layouts and the fitting tone to the music when it presents itself at the right moments. Even the upgrades are noticeable on the character you play, similar to Samus in Super Metriod.The Shilloute Mirage referance has to do with the famous ""Red"" & ""Blue"" mechanic that Treasure implempted in SM and their famous top down shooter(SHMUP), Ikuruga. Outland, by Housemarque also use the same mechanic as well for their game. What makes Teslagrad different from the latter titles is that the game is not a shooter, but a platform puzzel game using electricity and magnetism to get through stages. The futher you go along, the more your reflexes gets tested, so does your thought process. And believe it or not, it happens rather quickly than you think. Now, on to the Pros and Cons.Pros--Amaing artwork and animation. Never seen anything like it using the Unity engine. The backgrounds have a watercolor feel to it.-Great use of SFX and music. Everything fits with the world, and well mixed.-Great use of the save feature. It leaves you where you left off.-Stage design. very well design, and it doesn't feel boring and uninspired.-Cons-Controls feels floaty at times, but not annoying-Camera. It needs to be pulled out. In certain areas, you'll have no idea where to go becasue you can't see the stage at times. You only can pan up or down, but not left or right. This becomes an issue after the second boss fight. You encounter a room where you can see futher ahead and not know when to jump off. And by jumping off randomly, you'll encounter death.With all that said, this game is amazing, and it was the best way to start the New Year for me."
,Recommended,249590,8613109,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Turntwig,Teslagrad is a great platformer and one of the best indie games out there. I think and fan of mario games will love this game.
76561198105155288,Recommended,249590,13138403,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SANDWICH No.20,Totally worth ten euros.
76561198044586734,Recommended,249590,13148658,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,5th,"Great game.  The puzzles are really intelligent,  A few of them a a bit too nit-picky on the jumps though.  The difficulty of the mechanics at some locations take away from the feel of the game.  I hate the heavy colored spheres.  Love the blink mechanics."
,Recommended,249590,13189007,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,JAVGan,Very nice game!!
,Recommended,249590,13799637,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tingen,"platformer, pretty fun actually, just know the fysics of magnets and you should be fine, tho the game gives good challenges even when you have all the power ups. (think outside the box if you're stuck in a pussle.) the controlls are thight and good, and very responsive. i like it and would recommend trying it atleast if you like platformers.(spoiler alert)  only 3 power ups as far as i've seen, that's the only bad thing i have to say about it tho.."
,Recommended,249590,14192916,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,tgsid2001,"Just finished my first play through of Teslagrad and I've got to say it was at times challenging and frustrating, but overallmost definitelyrewarding. ^_^Teslagrad is mostly a puzzle platformer, with the metroid-esque power ups you acquire used mostly to allow you access to new areas and give you even more tools to progress through challenging levels. Throughout the game there was very little combat and more of a focus on story, setting, solving puzzles and avoiding hazards. And now, to the break down!THE GOODPHENOMENAL Story telling through Art and MusicMuch like the opening scenes to Pixar's ""Up,""  the story is painted for you through the use of images and music only - there is no dialogue! Instead, Teslagrad's expressive art style, the 'cut scene' sequences, collectible scrolls and notes scrawled on walls tell the story of how a once great society of inventors met their unfortunate end at the hands of a selfish and bitter king. A+Sharp PhysicsThe platforming mechanics and puzzles involve a lot of magnetism based effects and it all felt very precise. Your abilty to super jump, levitate and fly all seemed very consistent for the most part (unlike some physics engines!) and collision detection was particularly detailed and precise. There were only a couple of times when things were moving too fast that I wasn't sure if there was some muddled reactions happening... but otherwise each detail, from the corners of ledges to the speed of levitation, all felt incredibly smooth.Clever PuzzlesWhile some of them took me a while to grasp, or were physically demanding to complete, the puzzles (mostly) felt challenging and fun. There weren't too many times I found myself completely bewildered or frustrated... so Teslagrad's developers win more brownie points for making their puzzles fairly intuitive.Flow of Motion/Noticeable Power Curve/Did I mention the physics?Since the physics of the game were so on point it gave you a great sense of flow throughout the game and heightens the sense of freedom over the environment... Particularly as you gain your power ups. You REALLY notice the difference toward the end of the game.THE BADHonestly, not too much to say here. I either loved or hated everything in this game, so thinking of 'meh' complaints was tough.  If I had to say anything, I'd mention:Timed Puzzle of DOOM!So, arguably the most difficult part of the game for me, involved flying upward on a magnetic 'updraft' as fast as possible through a series of electrical beams in order to get to the top before a quest item became unavailable. It was extremely difficult.  But that seems like a personal complaint rather than a design flaw.Sneaky Camera AnglesMaybe twice in the whole game, it felt like the game was being deliberately abusive when it came to their forced camera angles. Typically the camera is focused on whatever you can see in front of you. However, for what I assume are cinematic reasons, your POV would shift in to focus on something plot-worthy. 99% of the time this was fine because you were somewhere safe, you expected it and you could walk away from this auto-focused location without issue. But once in a while, your focus would shift in such a way that you couldn't see a guard running at you (you only face gaurds twice in the game, btw) and you'd be insta-gibbed. Very sneaky! Very spiteful!The DOWNRIGHT UGLYSo, two points of contention. Two things that the game should have done, but failed miserably.Forced Hidden Collectable QuestI don't mind collecting trinkets (in this case scrolls) as a bonus, or for achievement or what not. But for god's sake don't force me to do it! There comes a point in the game where you can no longer progress until you have collected so many of these freakin' scrolls that are hidden throughout the game levels. There's still one more boss to defeat, more story to uncover.... but you have to pass through the gate with so many of these damn scrolls in your bag before it lets you through. Of course, this could have been avoided if....Communicate, Communicate, Communicate!If I'm forced to play hide and seek through the ENTIRE GAME MAP... at least throw me a freakin' bone as to where these things can be found! For a game that communicates its story, SO FREAKIN WELL, you'd think this would be a non-issue. Clearly someone missed the memo.In fairness, I collected approximately 90% of these things because their locations were obvious... it was just a matter of having the right tools and figuring out the platforming puzzle. But the other 10% were blatantly hidden offscreen in secret zones, or through passages that blended in with the scenery. After about an hour I decided to look online for the remaining locations. All in all, not the end of the world... but it would have been nice to have some sort of indicator on the map, or a tone, or light or something that would mark a location as important to guide me back to it. Those other 90% were somewhat fun to collect since I had to explore.... but those last 10% were infuriating! >_<All in all, a fantastic game with a fantastic story line! Just be prepared to look for help (unless you like playing through the game for an extra dozen hours banging your character against each surface, in each level, inch by inch)."
76561198075087099,Recommended,249590,14413764,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,USIDORE THE BLUE,"Great Artwork and gameplay, Boss fights so far a bit rough and repetative but that adds to the sense of accomplisment, can't wait to dive in deeper and finish it and find all the scrolls."
76561198087385010,Recommended,249590,14420309,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,buddhamon,"I dig this game.  I really like the animiation style.  The look and feel of the game are great, as are the mechanics.  The game flows well and is fun to play."
,Recommended,249590,14459582,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MistaCheez,"Super fun. Until you get to the end. ♥♥♥♥ the last level. Plus, I had to look up the guide because I am both bad at puzzles and impatient. 6.5/10 because a 7 would require me to have restarted that damn level a few dozen less times at least"
76561198016437391,Recommended,249590,14475524,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,onemancrowd,"A fun little puzzle-platform adventure whose style makes up for its shortcomings.I bought this one on sale and feel like I got a bargain. The controls weren't as tight as I would like, and created some uncomfortable gameplay moments, but overall were up to the task. The game's biggest strength is its approach to storytelling - using the environments to help expand on the action of the story. Plenty of nice touches all of the place.Overall I'm very satisfied."
76561198030785055,Recommended,249590,14494144,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Saith Umbrae,This is the next best thing after braid. A clever physical puzzle game with beautiful art and brilliant mechanics. 10/10.
76561198123190197,Recommended,249590,14540255,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,IIIKURZERIII,Neat 2D-Jump'n'Run for fans of Rayman. Quite challenging.
76561198022405357,Recommended,249590,14550320,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,WUBBALUBBADUBDUB!!!!!!!,"It is Challenging.  Very little combat, but there are a lot of great puzzles so far.  The game does not explain itself too clearly though.  I have almost no idea of the plot so far."
,Recommended,249590,14552807,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,cybercyst,"This game is just amazing. The art is very nice, music is great. I love the puzzles, and thematic elements. This game is a really well done Metroidvania, and I feel sad that I didn't buy it at full price!"
,Recommended,249590,14905351,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sunr' ever,"Teslagrad has some old school platform features that resembles games like old Sonic and Super Mario, adding very good puzzles and scenario manipulations to it. Overall, I think this is a very beautiful and good game, but I guess not everyone will enjoy it. Like in old Sonic and Super Mario, sometimes you have to memorize the scenario in order to react quickly enough. Also, bosses follow fixed patterns of actions and you're expected to perform fixed actions too in order to destroy them, just like in old Donkey Kong and other platform games. This can be frustrating and that's why I think not everybody will enjoy it. But if you are the kind of person who enjoys old school platform games, I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun playing Teslagrad."
,Recommended,249590,15004070,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"There are two reasons to name drop Nikola Tesla.  1) You want to get some sweet nerd cred.  2) As a shorthand for electricity-based science magic.  Since this game features monsters that run around in the dark and kill you called ""grues"" I think we can safely assume this game has all the nerd cred it needs and we're looking at the latter use of Tesla's name.  Now don't take that as some snarling criticism of Teslagrad.  Despite having nothing else to do with Tesla, dropping his name in the title does set you up for abusing wondrous electricity and magnetism based powers amidst an oppressive Eastern European backdrop.  It certainly delivers on that count.I'm going to assume you've already watched the trailer and been wowed by how good looking this game is with its smooth, forceful, hand-drawn animations.  It's certainly a beautiful game, but don't let that vibrant animation fool you.  This is a grim game about grim Eastern European seeming people doing grim Eastern European things with lightning!  And as somebody with a grim Eastern European family, I knows from grim Eastern European things (not with lightning though, that's new).  Teslagrad tells a basic story, but it does it elegantly without a single word of spoken dialogue or cumbersome written exposition.  Once again, this game is a stone-faced immigrant staring you down, and made all the more unsettling by inhabiting a world that looks like it was drawn by Walt Disney.You've seen the trailer, though (or you need to just go do that already), and are already sold on the aesthetic of this game.  So let's talk gameplay.  Teslagrad is a bit of a Metroid game and a bit of a puzzle game and a bit of a precision (i.e. frustration) platformer.  You'll notice I said Metroid and not metroidvania.  The Castlevania games have always been a bit more combat oriented and Teslagrad features almost no combat.  There's a tiny bit toward the end and you kill some bosses in round-about ways, but for the most part Teslagrad is all about exploration and evading hazards.  And, remember, this is a grim Eastern European game with ligthning so everything including the floors want you dead.  And don't think they will go light on you because you are playing an adorable child!  There is no food for adorable children, only being lightninged into ashes!When I said frustration platformer up there, I do mean that.  Teslagrad is absolutely unforgiving with the timing you require to navigate its many hazards, and not just for optional secrets.  Combine this with some imprecise mechanics (especially when magnetizing yourself to float), and I will bet many boiled cabbages you will not be able to beat this game without sighing, growling, or outright screaming ""BS!""  So before you pick up Teslagrad, best make sure you're strong like bull and smart like tractor, or at least possess adult reflexes and patience.  That said, the game is pretty liberal with checkpoints.  Stick an incinerator on the end of your most barf-inducing carnival ride and you'll have an idea of the speed with which your ashes will be scattered.  But then you just pop right back up at the start of the room or right after the last ridiculous challenge you overcame.Overall, Teslagrad is a great looking game with a large environment to explore and a wide variety of puzzles that make use of simple, elegant mechanics.  It would be nice to see an easy mode where the timing on some of the challenges is relaxed, but hey, in mother Teslagrad you must work hard at pixel forge for many achievement.In other words, it's difficult, but satisfying.  Go play it if exploration-precision-puzzle-platformer sounds good to you."
,Recommended,249590,15307837,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Geraldao_3D,Fasntastic game.
,Recommended,249590,15315855,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,rredar,An extremely neat puzzle-platformer game. One of my favorites.
76561198025306820,Recommended,249590,15926266,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,totorotipping,Challenging physics manipulation that makes the game feel more realistic.  It probably *would* be that hard to fly around using a magnetic cloak... I haven't beaten it yet (I don't want it to be over!) But I can already say this game is fantastic.
,Recommended,249590,15978908,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scott,"Amazing,good story,rather creative gameplay and an outstanding backgrounds.love the bosses.Recommended."
,Recommended,249590,16466259,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Excrubulent,"I've played this game twice through.  It's fantastic.  Beautiful visuals, great level design, interesting puzzles, and a haunting atmosphere.  The story was a punch in the gut in the best way.I was sad both times I finished this game, both because I wanted to play more, and because I felt for the boy.  I wish I knew where his story went from there."
,Recommended,249590,17051430,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,jkam555,love the story and the smooth animations.
,Recommended,249590,17742508,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DarkNetFan,"Mindbogglingly beautiful platform puzzler. Really nicely drawn, story is great (although it uses no words at all), music fits perfectly. Controls are tight enough. Puzzles are mostly easy, but the platforming often is not.The only negatives I can mention is that it either isn't possible to look where you're jumping sometimes or the controls for it have not been mentioned. Also, it's pretty annoying to climb things back up when you fell down somewhere ... things that are not ""hard"" (precision platforming) shouldn't have to be repeated by the player.Runs perfectly on Linux. Definitely recommended."
76561197989996364,Recommended,249590,17859376,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Spooky Electric,"The not quite-Metroidvania + Braid-esque puzzle platformer that I didn't even know I wanted.The artwork is amazing. The backstory and plot was beautifully told with absolutley no dialoge.  The visuals draws you in, and they are all you need.  I wish there were more hand drawn games like this.The game is a little shorter than average of its genre, but still long enough to enjoy the journey without feeling like the game was short. The game paces very well with blending between the puzzle and action parts. There wasn't any repitition or filler.The bosses were creative and are very action oriented. There were very enjoyable to play. Personally though, I would have enjoyed a boss or two that were more puzzle oriented.The minimalistic style music was on point. The tone changed smoothly with what was going on in the game.  I would rank it under Bastion and Transistor.I don't have really any complaints.  The puzzles, while a bit tricky, arn't overly hard.  I did beat the game on Keyboard without any issues. Only one or two sections gave me trouble that made me wish I had a controller. The game DOES have controller support. So if you have one I would use it, but its definitely not needed by any means.I am very excited to see what RAIN comes out with next!!"
,Recommended,249590,17962356,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Lost Hashishin,"A beautiful tale about family, war and betrayal. You play as a kid who discovers different powers of science and uses them to reunite with his family. Collecting pieces of the story really feels like reading a fairy tale - there are kind mages/scientists, evil king and a little chosen one who is destined to restore the peace. The art style and music are also fascinating completing the magic atmosphere of this game. I strongly recommend this game for those who love platformers especially those with lots of puzzles, cause there is not much of an action in the game except for boss fights but the gameplay still stays interesting thanks to tricky puzzles and sometimes they are not easy ones and need good timing and coordination from the player. It's a solid win. Try it. XD"
,Recommended,249590,19490308,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Gauss,Simply Amazing
76561198162209404,Recommended,249590,19525076,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,beliboo,8/10
,Recommended,249590,12111528,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,z0rux,"I've been playing this for a few hours now, and I totally fell in love with the game. It's truly a work of art. The music, scenery and story are great. Also the gameplay is pretty neat, I like that you ""level up"" by getting some new gear throughout the game. It's challangeing and puzzleing. On the negative side it's a bit short."
,Recommended,249590,12125094,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Hourglass,"Overall,  Teslagrad is not a hard game as puzzles are  relatively easy to figure out and boss fights come down to memorizing patterns. Artwork is great and the music is atmospheric as well. The plot is pretty barebones and not much background is given but much of the story is told through visuals present in the game.  All these elements blend  together to make a satisfying and relaxing puzzle platformer. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,249590,12140629,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,death2cupbots,"Teslagrad is an absolutely fantastic game. The mechanics of the game all make sense within the world. The puzzles that the player is required to solve to progress through the game start out very simple and advance to a point where they are more complicated but still straightforward enough that even if you are only moderately good at puzzles you will be able to beat the game. There are extra collectables in the game that can have more complicated puzzles attached to them, but these do not hinder the player at all.I especially enjoyed the minimalistic design of the game, lacking any text whatsoever. This is something I would like to see more and more, as it leads to better immersion and can also create some truly amazing design choices.I would recommend Teslagrad for anyone who enjoys puzzle platformers or for people who enjoy platformers and want to play a more accessible puzzle platformer."
76561197970531612,Recommended,249590,8243133,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,KrasusTheRed,"This is such a fantastic game. Very well done! The art alone is beautiful, i love the sound effects, music, and the game mechanics are fun! Story is ok, but it doesnt have much beyond some cutscenes done in a theatre; which is a room you can enter and either keep walking and miss the story or stand and watch unfold on a stage with a curtain. The game can be frustrating with the controls, more so when you are reversing polarities to get to new areas. No combat really, its all puzzle, however the puzzles are incredibly clever. Solid game totally worth the price and i hope to see more from these guys! 8/10"
76561198055845791,Recommended,249590,8293402,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dizzypointed,Greatness! A bit rugged in some minor graphical detailes. The game otherwise is a verry good play. Great plot. Great storytelling. Great mechanics. Verry nice problems and puzzles combined with a good portion of action. Verry rewarding and the progression is well paced and in touch with exiting and interresting bossfights.
,Recommended,249590,8659361,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,YourEvilTwiin,I freakin love this damn game! That is all.
76561198053131220,Recommended,249590,12837955,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Fritters,"It's pretty good if you're looking for a puzzle game with action elements. It's largely a puzzle game, but there is a decent amount of combat to keep the game interesting. The game itself can be completed in roughly 3 hours assuming the player knows what to do and what to expect. For me, collecting all the extras, finding all the secrets, and completing the whole game only took me 2 hours, but it took me a couple of weeks on other saves prior to my speed run.Overall, do I recommend the game? Yes.Is there anything bad about this game? The difficulty is for the more experienced, but with practice it becomes easier.Is the price fair? Yes. Considering it's length, content, and the joy of playing it I think that 10$ is a fair price.Last comment: I hope the devs will release another game someday."
,Recommended,249590,13582304,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,cevapibiceps.exe,"Enjoyed this game to an almost unnatural extent. The game doesnt really hold your hand for too much but still eases you into the mechanics enough for the game to keep a good pacing. The game is a nice platformer with alot of puzzle elements. May seem easy at first but gets increasingly difficulty as the game progresses. A must buy for people who enjoy Adventuring and Platforming, especially on sale.  Fairly short, but definitely worth it."
76561197967079187,Recommended,249590,13703904,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Neon Penguin,When story music  and visuals come together it makes art. When you take these and apply them to a challenging game with great controls that you just cant put the controller down you get a great game. Did I mention great bosses?Ps. the recoil delay on the flash boots will kill you SO MANY TIMES. Enjoy.
76561198015843467,Recommended,249590,14508530,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,King Kai,"Great platforme + puzzle game. Physics feel nice and smooth. Overall, a great ~3 hours of polarity-swapping goodness."
,Recommended,249590,14523970,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Tomate,"ENGLISH - USAIf you disagree, don't hit dislike first. Let's discuss the idea!Simple, fun and straightforward. A game with easy and very friendly gamemechanics.Atmosphereandsoundtrackare wonderful and plunge you perfectly in the game according to thefeelinggiven in the moment. Thehistoryopens your mind to different interpretations, but there's one right thing: it's beautiful and it has a humble and excitingsecretend. To find out allscrolls'locations and collect 'em is thehardestpart, but just keep focusing, relax and do your work, 'coz it's all up to you! (;Embark on this story that worths a lot!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬PORTUGUÊS - BRSe você descorda, não dê dislike primeiro. Discuta a ideia!Simples, divertido e direto. Um jogo demecânicafácil e muito amigável. Aambientaçãoe atrilha sonorasão maravilhosas e te submergem de forma perfeita no jogo de acordo com osentimentopassado no momento. Ahistóriaabre sua mente para várias interpretações, mas uma coisa é certa: é bonita e tem um finalsecretohumilde e emocionante. Descobrir a localização de todos osscrollse coletá-los que é a parte maisdifícil, mas basta manter o foco, relaxar e fazer sua parte, pois só depende de você! (;Embarque nessa história que vale super à pena!RECOMENDADÍSSIMO!"
,Recommended,249590,16109337,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mitona,"One of the best metroidvania games I've played recently that was actually a fantastic pick up for $3 for the 9 hours of gameplay I got out of it. Teslagrad doesn't just give you the same upgrades you see in other metroidvania games, making the puzzles and platforming feel very refreshing. I would easily pay full price if I knew the game was going to be this enjoyable. A must play if you like this style of game."
76561198116316476,Recommended,249590,17422078,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Spurrius,I love this game It is amazingly rewarding. while some puzzle games have problems with what you can and can't do you always know how to solve a puzzle its just getting your timing right.the only bad thing I can say is the forceing of you having to get the scrolls to unlock the final boss. and the numerous leaps of faith buit besides that this game is great I give it an 8/10 for an amazing story and a rewarding experience
,Recommended,249590,14444016,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Peanut,"Its so tuff, I cri evrytme."
,Recommended,249590,15883828,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,gecimen,"This is a puzzle/platformer like many. There are tons of ""meh"" games in this genre, but Teslagrad is not one of them. It's a bit like a one trick pony, at least at the beginning but it's a fine game. Still it's inferior to similar games such as Rochard, Braid and Infinifactory. If you've played those and liked the genre, Teslagrad will not disappoint you."
,Recommended,249590,14585050,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zora,"Teslagrad is a platformer and physics puzzle oriented game with a little but interesting enough story behind it to follow (at times). Its both good and very far from perfection. I found some puzzles and boss fights, especially at the beginning, somewhat unfair due to the fact that they were based on object physics, so some times it was simply imposible to do things right.Game mechanics are very well designed tho, I enjoyed founding new objects to empower my character and be more resourceful. Been able to go back and forth easily through the game with those new mechanics makes you feel like good. You can collect all those cards in no time when you have the 4 objects.Narratively speaking, the story was good but in this kind of game i would have prefered more polish game mechanics, player control and object physics rather than a well told story. But thats personal taste I guess."
,Not Recommended,249590,19370303,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Moe Anthropomorphism,This was one of the worst games I've ever played.  Every aspect of the mechanics is so slippery that solving puzzles boils down to doing the same thing over and over until everything bounces the right way.  It's extremely boring and you can't fight the final boss unless you backtrack for almost half of the optional collectables
76561198006804460,Recommended,249590,17740340,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Dr Skeletor,Meh
,Not Recommended,249590,30716780,Posted: 24 March,all,Zyren,"Puzzles in this game are kind of fun, but it's very irritating when making a mistake causes to to have to go back through a few rooms to circle around and get back to where you were. The boss fights in this game are obnoxious; controls are a bit floaty, which is OK for the platforming but awful for the bosses."
,Not Recommended,249590,28672324,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,neoimp,"The artstyle is great imo. The animation quality and sprite models are top notch.The story is pretty basic and require the acquisition of scrolls to really go indepth, which is hard to do with some of the games mechanics.The physics based puzzles are really ruining this game for me. They feel like pure luck that I've completed them because of lack of precision in aiming the player character when being repelled and attracted by the magnetic mechanic.The puzzles that don't require ultra-precise magnet based character movement are really clever and satisfying to solve.The bosses are lackluster though, with easy mechanics to figure out after multiple tries."
,Recommended,249590,33304647,Posted: 6 July,all,✪ Tinorindak,Very nice game ;). I would like to see another series of Teslagrad.
,Recommended,249590,22243200,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Furueisho Peicho,Metroidvania-esque level design with lots of optional exploration / challenges.The platforming is a little tricky in a few places.Neat visuals and a rather unique gameplay mechanic.F*cking magnets... how do they work?I'm fond of the nonverbal narrative.One mistake and you're dead. No big deal since you respawn instantly. Except you have to do the boss fights all over again. In that case your flawless performance is a little immersion breaking.
76561197986178735,Recommended,249590,28955709,Posted: 2 January,all,KLS,Beautiful game design! Love the physics of the game! Congrats to the game developers :D Enjoyed every second of it! I want more Teslagrad
76561197965704212,Recommended,249590,8069578,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Ofca,"If you liked Vessel, you will like Teslagrad."
,Not Recommended,249590,30915096,Posted: 2 April,all,Lordnine,Floaty imprecise controls and weird performance hitches ruin what otherwise could have been a charming puzzle/platformer.
,Not Recommended,249590,19451001,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Akka,"It's a puzzle platform game that emphasizes magnetism and polarity.I was struggling decently against the game, running through the levels and slaying the bosses (one hp means you can't make a single mistake or you start over). Then it presented a magical little middle-finger shaped gate that flipped me off to stop my progress until I collected enough hidden macguffins♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Only one of my 220 steam friends only one person bought this game and they dropped it two hours in.You're not missing anything here, pass on it."
76561198117110743,Not Recommended,249590,13439628,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jirt,"I somewhat like this game, but because of the large amount of positive feedback compared to how many problems I've found in the game, I'm marking this review not-recommended. It's not that I wouldn't recommend it, it's just that this game might disappoint you.Because of its art style, I thought that it would match it with its gameplay's genre, such as it being a 2-D puzzle platformer. And it is, but... It's also a rage game. A die-and-restart-until-you-win-in-one-run-er, with some vertical if-you-fall-you-have-to-go-back-all-the-way-up-again levels, on top of having a ton of random-obstacles-or-projectiles-which-can-only-be-dodged-after-you-die-finding-their-functions filled sections. It's not that it's bad (well, though I'd like to say that, it left me with a stale frown during the second boss fight), it's just that it doesn't match up at all with its story's theme or art style.Oh yeah, those two parts are pretty good. You play as a highly flammable kleptomaniac who is being chased by Santa Claus and his gang of Russians through a tower filled with aliens and robots, with abilities Magneto would probably be used to make a pun with if I knew more about DC Comics or whatever. The story's alright, and its world is pretty logically put together, but it doesn't have anything too great to marvel at. Marvel. Wait a second...Anyway, to put its presentation quick, the art style met my expectations, but the soundtrack isn't that memorable. And finally, as I said before, even though I've marked this review as not recommended, it still has its good points gameplay-wise. The mechanic to manipulate magnetic energy is really unique, and can confuse you as you forget whether blue+blue=attract or blue+red=attract, or maybe I'm just an idiot. And even though it mostly has elements from the rage-game genre, it's also a puzzle-platformer which has metroid-like elements in its level design, making it a pretty unique experience. It isn't entirely a puzzle game as its art style implied, but it's still good. That is, if you can tolerate being kicked to the beginning every time you mess up."
,Recommended,249590,16307120,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,host leave plz,10/10
,Not Recommended,249590,15910953,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Snuggles,"I wanted to like this game, but it turned out to not at all be my cup of tea. Aspects of the art made level design sometimes slightly confusing. I disliked the way the character moved, tried with the controller just to be sure. There is virtually no explanation of how any of the mechanics work. This would be fine for me normally, but I got to a point where my choice was to stop playing and look up how to do the puzzles in the first half hours of this game - or quit. I chose to quit.I'm sure some people might enjoy it, but I would watch some let's plays before spending any money on this. Make sure it is your deal."
,Not Recommended,249590,16281555,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Naked_Shaved_Ewok,"The game puzzles and normal play are spot on and fun.The bosses are just annoying and add very little if anything to the game play. One hit your dead.Later bosses are really cheap. You spend 5 minutes fighting something only to get stuck in a hole or an edge, bam one hit your dead, and you gotta start all over again. And spend another 5 minutes trying to not get hit and kill them. I've got better things to do with my time than fight poorly designed boss levels."
76561198146823261,Recommended,249590,14107675,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,koala yogurt,i was expecting a more of an action but this is a puzzle a very confusing puzzel which i have not completed yet but you can start today play the game beat the bosses capture the tower simply...
76561198018423369,Not Recommended,249590,29613955,Posted: 31 January,all,Boris,"Decent puzzles and ideas let down by poor platforming. The floaty physics, imprecise hitboxes and lengthy animations particularly make the bosses a chore."
,Not Recommended,249590,20035650,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zincoshine,The game starts out well but eventually the puzzles devolve to become nearly impossible trial and error stuff.
,Recommended,249590,8115724,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,scaine,"I was very pleasantly surprised by Teslagrad. The atmosphere is top notch and the puzzles are suitable brain candy. It features a haunting, engaging sound track and the graphics are beautiful. Overall presentation is also incredibly slick, both in menus and during in-game ""cut scenes"" which aren't really cut scenes at all, but simply zoom into certain moments of action subtlety enhancing the effect.It's already been compared to both Braid and Limbo in other reviews, but for me only the Braid comparison holds true as the puzzles are certainly on a par with Braid.Cracking platformer overall. Highly recommended and worth more than the asking price."
76561198088168153,Recommended,249590,18438796,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,DV_Fresh,"Really enjoyed this game. The art style made me feel like I was playing thorugh a disney movie. Really fun game, platforming game with power ups, and ran really smooth."
76561198005363769,Recommended,249590,18466802,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,bubblytee,The best Metroid clone I've played despite its many flaws. Sticks to the recipe where it's important (level design!) but deviates enough stand on its own merits.
76561198297902060,Not Recommended,249590,25260995,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,loons5150,"First bad review for me since joining Steam and enjoying a plethora of content. Let me preface with the fact that I love 2-D side-scrolling puzzle-platformers - I grew up in the 80's with hard gameplay and wonky controls. Any game with a Metroidvania feel, I'm in! I thoroughly had a blast playing through Cave Story+, Valdis Story, Unepic, Chronicles of Teddy (and others outside of Steam like Axiom Verge, Strider, Shadow Complex, etc.).For some reason, I thought this was going to be that same side-scrolling platformer with a Metroidvania twist - Wrong! It was trying to be Swapper or Abe's Odyssey or Limbo - Now, being compared to these games is not a bad thing at all. However, Teslagrad falls miles short of the caliber of the aforementioned. Just going to list my Pros and Cons below and a quick summary...Pros:- Art style - It is a beautiful looking game- Boss battles were pretty nice - However, this has a con - see below- When I finished and never had to play it again...- That's allCons:- Horrible controls...played with the Xbox One gamepad - the game allows you to bind movements to keys. Super laggy - I have a pretty high-powered gaming rig and monitor - no lag on even the twitchiest games. It really drove me to a point of frustration.- No voice acting or script - just unspoken puppet shows and cinematics. Hey, my favorite game of all time, Super Metroid, had absolutely no written or spoken directional clues in the main game, however, it did it right - this game - blah.- I said I enjoyed the bosses - yes, I did. I felt they were well-fleshed and inventive, and they cleverly used the mechanics of the game. I didn't get to experience what I found through YouTube to be the last boss. After defeating the giant eye, the penultimate boss (which was enjoyable), I was just kind of dropped in a pit. After some searching, I found a room directly opposite of where I headed first that alerted me that I needed to have a minimum number of a certain arbitrary item in order to pass the gate to the final boss. Now, at that point, I'd already had enough of the game (in only about 4 hours); no way was I going to grind back to search for them. And, the menu doesn't even show how many of the item you have in your inventory - This design forces you to go out into the Steam achievements and count them...ugh. The game doesn't even really have a menu-based inventory. The map sucks too.In summary, even for $10, I wouldn't recommend buying this crap. Pay a couple bucks more (or a few), and enjoy all the games I suggested above. As I'm writing this, I'm thinking of Guacamelee, a game this game tried to kind of emulate in a way - get that game. Beautiful graphics, great story, compelling gameplay, and a fruitful end. Take care...Addendum: Must be a glutton for punishment...either that or it's just my OCD. I went back and ground to get the extra couple ridiculous items to unlock the door to final boss. Boss was ok. Again, the lack of responsive controls was a bit of a detriment...especially when blinking (teleporting). Spoiler: Another con...and, this is just my personal gripe with the whole hipster fascination with cats. What is with indie dev hipsters and the inclusion of weirdo cat characters? This awkwardly placed cat in the endgame cut scene completely went against any content previously seen in game. Just cringy. Again, buy a better puzzler or Metroidvania...better yet, go back to the original and play Symphony of the Night or Super Metroid."
,Recommended,249590,8151939,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Rikku,10/10
76561198061676986,Not Recommended,249590,16758512,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,AraFin,"I’ve recently taken a big interest in 2D puzzle game such as this, I love the creativity, complexity and effort made to design such games. However, I really felt this game was missing something! Perhaps it just needs a better beginning / launch. In addition, many of the in-game puzzles are based on chance (in my opinion). Also, the map is very vague and doesn’t help you navigate around the Teslagard.Wouldn’t recommend purchasing it but can’t stop you either!   :)"
,Recommended,249590,28300325,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,brazos,Wonderful game.  Beautiful art direction and intuitive but challenging gameplay.  Spent an hour on one of the bosses before I remembered something I could do.  Reminded me of NES games back in the day.
,Not Recommended,249590,25776266,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Spam_Hamwich,"Just a quick note, the hours i currently have on this game are high because I forgot it on one night and turned it off the next day.So I love and hate this game. I'll start out with what makes it great. The artwork kind of put me off at first, but it is actually really nice and unique. Kind of reminds me of braid. The ""magnet"" mechanics, didn't impress me at first, but the developers explored a lot of really cool uses and puzzles implementing them.The problem with this game, however, is in the incosistancy of the gameplay. The actions feel very sluggish, which would be fine if this was a puzzle game. However, there are several bosses in this game that are just extremely frustrating when you have a delay on your jumping. In addition, the delay on the dashing feels more equiped for a puzzle game than an action platformer. The puzzles, despite being unique, never really go out of their way to stump you and feel more like action-y challenges, which of course would be fine if the mechanics were more tuned to an action game. The biggest flaw of this game is that it can't decide if it's an action game or a puzzle game. Of course, both of them can exist in the same game, but this game draws a very big line between the way the game plays and the way it makes you play it. In addition, throughout the game, there are enemies that will kill you if they touch you, sending you back to the beginning of the area. Towards the end of the game, you get a gun like device, but again, the response time on it is very sluggish, you can only aim in cardinal directions and you can't move while using it, resulting in many frustating deaths. I don't mind frustating games, I love super meat boy. The difference with this game, however, is that the controls aren't tight enough that I feel like the death was my fault, and as a result, I don't feel like I'm learning and getting better at the game.On a side note, I saw a different review that said that the story in this game was a perfect example of ""show, don't tell"" in a story. I couldn't disagree more. With regards to a game, what that phrase means to me is that a game is able to describe a universe simply through the environment. Dark souls is a perfect example of this. Teslagrad, however, literally shows you backstory by way of ""puppet show"" when you reach certain rooms. You walk into a room that looks like a theater, and suddenly you are greated with dull puppet exposition on an even more boring story. Just because there are no words does not mean it isn't exposition, which in essence is the opposite of ""show, don't tell"".So that's my rant. Despite all of that, the game is only 10 dollars, which is a great price for what you are getting. This game had a lot of potential and missed out on controls, but it is not a bad game at all. The bosses are extremely frustrating (read: not fun) and the enemies seem misplaced in this game, but it is definitely worth 10 dollars.I'm marking my recommendation as a ""No"", but at the same time, I don't regret buying it at all.TL;DR:Pros:good atmospherefun magnet mechanicevery upgrade makes the game more funthe main elevator hallway makes for a cool linking overworldthe artwork is greatCons:The mechanics are too sluggish for an action gameThe puzzles are too action based to be a puzzle gameThe music is meh, imoInstant death on touch, sending you to the very beginning of boss fights and difficult roomsBosses are cool, but not fun to fight due to sluggish mechanicsAll said and done, I would buy it again, but I would still come and rant about what could have been the best action/puzzle platformer since braid"
76561197972960129,Recommended,249590,9390755,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Shoryukinzel,"It's obvious that a lot of love and creativity went into Teslagrad.  The game is pretty and has some very clever puzzles based on wonderful mechanics.  However, along with this cleverness are lots of issues that make the game frustrating in the wrong ways.  Lots of unintentional backtracking, unpredictable physics that the game completely relies on, and frustrating boss fights have seriously made me want to put this game down.  When I made a mistake, more often than not I felt like it was the game's fault rather than my own.However, on the other side of every annoyance is a great vista, a charming new puzzle that works, a shiny new gadget, etc.Teslagrad is charming enough that I think many players will want to give it a go, but its physics makes the game way harder than it needs to be."
,Not Recommended,249590,33726720,Posted: 22 July,all,GrandpaPhantom,"As much as I am loving this game, with its art & simple mechanics, plus how well it manages to run on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2GB of ram, dual pentium core laptop.It ultimately is too hard for certain areas of the game, due to the simple fact some of the areas I've encountered require near perfect runs to get through. The most recent example is where I am at now, I'm currently stuck on the second boss (a cool looking bird) and to be able to beat it, my timing with the game's dash/teleport mechanic -named ""blink""- needs to be spot on for me to able to actually fight the bird.So the fight goes like this, I have to be able blink into the birds chest (after jumping so you don't just blink into the legs) hit the object in the chest, blink out, then you have to dodge this shockwave that you have blink right before it hits you otherwise you'll still be in its path & get knocked out of the arena, the bird then lays mini bird egg bombs that I've only managed to dodge by jumoing & blinking over them (though that doesn't always work) the main bird then moves to the side of the arena and sends a wall of electricty at you, which you get past the same way you get past the shockwave from earlier (though since it moves a bit slower & in a horizontal direction its much easier to dodge than the shockwave).After getting past that, then you can attack again, the bird repeats it ealier attacks again with more egg bird bombs.So far I've only managed to hit the bird with lighting 3 times & I'm not sure how many times I need to in order to beat it, I  will say this to the games credit figuring out how to beat these sections of the game that require you to do near perfect runs is not hard to figure out how to go about doing it, but exacuting it is a whole other story as requires quite a bit of patience to do.TL;DR So I will say if you like hard/challenging games or if you are a patient person then you will probably still like this game inspite of the issues I've mentioned above, that said I wont be refunding my purchase, as I do personally enjoy this game & I do think it is very well desgined minus the difficulty of parts of it, plus I am determind to beat it, but otherwise I can't reccomend this game if you aren't patient or a fan of hard games, as you'll just find yourself getting frustrated with how often you will die."
76561198079423555,Recommended,249590,22135398,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,CaptainSideburns,"Good game, nice background story, great mechanics.BUT IT'S MOTHER F***ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAT YOU ONLY HAVE ONE HIT UNTIL YOU DIE. WHO THE HELL MADE THAT DECISION"
76561197999915594,Recommended,249590,14638761,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,[Dolt] Ifitmovesnukeit,"Tentative recommendation.The music is nice, the art style very nice, and the story is firmly seated in the realm of show, don't tell.However, you will die.  A lot.  There's no real penalty attached, except that of being reset to the beginning of a section, which thankfully isn't normally too far back.  But some puzzles do seem specifically set up to waste your time.  Particularly the boss battles, where you can expect to throw away a whole bunch of lives just learning the multiphased attack patterns.  There's also a bit of 100% completion syndrome, requiring you to locate a bunch of scrolls to unlock the best ending.  This will involve backtracking, as you often need later powers to find scrolls in earlier sections.TL;DR nice art style, music, storytelling, some fun puzzles, and others that will train you relentlessly in the art of saying OH COME ON with varying degrees of frustration.  Game length is a little padded by backtracking.  If you have to complete every game you buy, you'll certainly need patience to make it through this one, but ultimately I feel satisfied for getting there in the end."
76561198021233123,Recommended,249590,33945402,Posted: 1 August,all,Colm,Very enjoyable game. Great value for money.
,Recommended,249590,33953659,Posted: 1 August,all,ntrf,"This is highly challenging puzzle-platformer. Fun, punishing, with very long boss battles. At certain point it might feel frustrating to die over and over again at the same moment, but it's worth it.... That is, obviously, if you are looking for a challenge.However if you played World to the West first and now want to know the story of the prequel - you probably want to stay away from this game. These games are NOTHING ALIKE!Let me start with the fact that Teslagrad has a great story, but it's told without a single word. You have scrolls (sometimes called batteries) to collect, and theaters will show you part of the story. If you still want to know all the little details i'll have a short summary bellow. Just a list of facts relevant to World to the West:Electropia is the land inhabited by Teslamancers. They've built a tower on top of the old castle and performed scientific studies thereNearby lands - Mesmer, Motorland and Angloria - were in good relations with TeslamancersIn the basement of the tower there is a teleporter exactly like the one you can see in WttWLeader of the Teslamancers - Solomon TeslaOleg is an old fanatical soldier, who's ordered to kill Teslamancers by the King. At certain point he realizes that he was fooled and turns agains the KingAt the very end of the game you see the cat. Depending on the ending he's either going to sit on a pile of money in Kings castle, or near mother's house. That same cat can be found near Oleg's house in WttWSo if just wanted to know the story - i suggest you google ""Teslagrad scrolls"" and save your nerves by not going through this game. Hope it helps."
,Recommended,249590,34644700,Posted: 31 August,all,Eggerd,Lovely small platformer with cool mechanics. Played it with the steam controller and had a lot of fun.
76561198035451762,Recommended,249590,20048636,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Snotling,"Great art, good music, solid game design, a lot of love and care has gone into this game and I am sure for the right player this will be a very satisfying experience. I suppose I am prejudice but I did not like Metroid and similiar games, and this fits firmly in that genre of game.If you are in the mood for a platformer, go for it. But if like me you can find platformers, especially one hit one kill, slightly repetitive boss sequences, and having to back track in areas"
,Recommended,249590,20080486,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Crow,Beautiful visuals and soundtrack. The way the story of this game is presented is similar to Dark Souls. I love it!
76561198066304161,Recommended,249590,29299145,Posted: 16 January,all,valmart,"great game, triple A quality, indie price"
76561198101965996,Recommended,249590,29341664,Posted: 18 January,all,wga05,Electricity is awesome!
,Recommended,249590,33780009,Posted: 24 July,all,[Mar] Pengwndude,"This game was everything I wanted and more. I expected some good puzzles and what it ended up being was lots of puzzles wrapped in a metroidvania way. Lots of variety, with physics, magnets, blinking, and more.The art is great and the music fits well and I like how the story is told with no words and there's a bit of discovery. The lore feels satisfying.I will say that though the majority of the game is not too punishing, quick loads and saving every room, the bosses are definitely much moreso. As usual a boss will have 3 phases and if you die at any of them you have to do the whole fight over. Normally this wouldn't be too bad, but this is not a combat oriented game; it's puzzles and swiftness, and if you figure out the first but fail the latter, it can be frustrating to to go through everything you figured out again and again. The last boss and I suppose the 2nd to last boss to and extent feel very grindy.I have to say despite all that I love, I find the true ending very...mediocre. I think the regular ending is better honestly. The true ending feels strange, and unrewarding of all the hard work you put in, and it ends abruptly, not even credits. I think the true ending could have been so much more or at least give you more lore or something, but it's worse than the regular one I'd say."
,Recommended,249590,10560258,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Magyarharcos,"MUST. BUY. IF. YOU. LIKE. 2D. PLATFORMER. INDIE. ADVENTURE. GAMES. In more words, the game is absolutely brilliant! this is the creator's first game EVER. And they created something unbelieveable. The music in fantastic, fits to the current state of the game, always. It looks pretty cool, and i played it for the feels mostly, but gameplay is awesome too. I REALLY RECOMMEND this game. Absolutely brilliant. Told you, ""MUST. BUY. IF. YOU. LIKE. 2D. PLATFORMER. INDIE. ADVENTURE. GAMES""!!Oh, and, i highly recommend collecting those scrolls, if you collect all 36 of them they will grant acess to a VERY special and important part of the game, also, i have a few screenshots uploaded, they contain the ending of the game. Those beautiful moments.... And! It took me 21 ours for the first time to complete it. 4 on steam, because first time i played through this game that was non-steam version. 20~ hour of fun and awesomeness is awesome right..?"
,Recommended,249590,12815573,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hu$tl3r,Awesome puzzle platformer with good sound and nice gimmicks (like physic effects)
76561198031012411,Not Recommended,249590,21220454,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ancel De Lambert,"Obnoxously difficult, and only so due to the instant death mechanic. Hit a laser, and die; start the room over from the beginning. And given the size of some of these rooms, the lack of checkpoints and openable shortcuts, and the at times finicky controls, this translates into controller throwing frustration. This also leads to the bosses being teeth-grindingly annoying, as you must perfectly fight each one. If the lasers only knocked you back or forced you to respawn a-la Guacamelee, I'd say the game were good. Instead, I actually turned it off without finishing it, and immediately deleted it from my hard-drive. I don't even feel that bad about doing so, as the story is sketchy at best and the main character's involvement in the plot basically nonexistent as far as I've seen. Magic boy runs through ruins from bad guys. Wee."
76561198031212687,Recommended,249590,31762952,Posted: 14 May,all,demonhellfish,Beautiful.  Quite difficult.
76561198025238942,Recommended,249590,18546104,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Shadowfist,Very well done. 10/10
,Recommended,249590,13494152,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Stitch,:)
76561197982401199,Not Recommended,249590,11177704,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,a guest,"I wish I could recommend this game. It looks beautiful, controls decently but a bit floaty, and the story is told through some pretty spectacular ways. It just feels like they didn't play test it. Some of the ""puzzles"" are just timing and landing jumps and dashes, and the controls aren't tight enough to feel empowered to do this. So instead you repeat a section over and over until fluking on it. Not fun, and completely disengages you from the story bits. I appreciate difficulty in games, but this feels more like unpolished/untested rather than difficult."
,Not Recommended,249590,11772494,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ben,"this is a great game of platforming and puzzle-solving.there is a rather large problem, though: difficulty of the bosses.I consider myself a competant game-player, but I could not beat the final boss. (and the laser-beam boss just before him was INSANE.) I eventually gave up.I tried to show Teslagrad to a couple less-proficient-gamer friends, but they had to give up and hand me the controller at the second boss. and when we hung out again, we did not play Teslagrad.this is really TOO BAD. it's a beautiful game, and one I think everyone should be able to enjoy playing. but the high difficulty level of the bosses makes it impossible for me to recommend to... well... anyone. most of my friends wouldn't even make it past the first boss, despite being able to play the rest of the game, and have fun with it, assuming they could get there. how could I recommend such a disappointing experience?"
,Recommended,249590,14992263,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cliff474,"This game is incredible. Really. Being a sidescrolling puzzle game, it has a great story that isn't told through words, and has a beautiful art style. With fun puzzles, bosses, and Items this is NOT a game you want to miss for anything."
,Recommended,249590,8784211,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Qwerty557,"Teslagrad is a 2D Action, Puzzle, Platformer game that deals with Magnets and Polarity, which helps create a very interesting dynamic of puzzles and exploration.The story is told as you play, there are no cutscenes that you are forced to watch.  There aren't loadscreens either, gameplay is 100% uninterrupted as you play.This game is beautiful.  The soundtrack, the art style, the gameplay it all flows really well and captures the time period and setting for the game.  The puzzles are ingenious and challenging, some really hard at parts.  That would be a big deal but it's not beacause of the wonderful checkpoint system.  Many fail and die puzzle frustrations are alleviated by this checkpoint system.Part of this game are easy and parts of it are difficult, the bosses are pretty cool but not overly engaging.  It's the standard patter recognition affair so until you get it down, you'll die.One gripe I have is it had very weak controller support.  It has it, but you have to self-configure it.  It would have been nice to just have it auto-configure but once you configure it, you're good to go.The map is also quite lacking and it would have been nice to see the full map at all times, like a true Metroid-vania.  The game is linear with the illusion of a Metroid-vania title but it all flows so well.8 out of 10Recommend."
76561198093919303,Not Recommended,249590,29642069,Posted: 1 February,all,Master Cube,"It was definitely fun, but this isn't the kind of game that would make my top 10 or probably even 25. Fairly easy puzzles and bosses, simple story, and that's just about all there is to say about it."
,Not Recommended,249590,31526815,Posted: 3 May,all,firemaiden9510,"I have to agree with what  alot of people on here have said. This game is really enjoyable visually. I absolutely love that. However the mechanics are weird. It took me way to long to figure out how the glove thing functioned in the puzzles because it isn't really explained. You punch a couple of boxes and that is the extent of the tutorial. I just happened to figure out you could punch down because it was never explained. There is also no clear path in the game and if there is one thing a side scrolling platformer usually has it's a clearly indicated path. I don't  know if it's one big level that you make your way into different areas or something, but in the first level I kept running into dead ends that I couldn't do anything in. My biggest agreement with others is the fact that the mechanics just DO NOT work in the boss fights. It's choppy and awkward. Honestly more than anything the boss fights make the game really unenjoyable. I love platformers...this is not one of them."
76561198043872043,Not Recommended,249590,34247548,Posted: 14 August,all,Silver Priest,"""Puzzles"" are too easy. jumping sections are long and annoying. Boss fights are long repetitive and luck based."
76561197971813410,Not Recommended,249590,22613673,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ıllıllı ŜƤĮЌẸ ıllıll,"Difficulty is way to hard for the casual gamer. If you are a masochist then this game is for you. Well i'm not, i hate this."
76561197965205931,Not Recommended,249590,8214870,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,digidomo,"I really wanted to like Teslagrad, even back in the days when i voted for it on Greenlight.However, don't let Teslagrad's good looks fool you. This game is a testament to frustration and trial/error mechanics. ""Puzzles"" in Teslagrad are no more than tests of reaction time where one misstep will put you back, all the way back, to the start of each area. Forcing you to replay the same puzzles over in order to fail in the same spot each time.Bosses offer little feedback when they're hit. Often leaving you guessing if you're on the road to victory.The music is elegant but manages to make the game feel very empty. All the charm provided by the art is squashed by a lack of atmosphere. Sound effects are really lacking.If you buy this. Do it only to support the artists that made it look so great."
76561198047344817,Not Recommended,249590,14410164,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Retropk,"For starters I have to warn the gameplay itself is kind of boring. It's like metroid, but in the most linear sense. Most the puzzles are simple and finicky.Though the artstyle is very refined and amazing. The story is given to you purely by visuals like cave paintings."
76561198055893026,Not Recommended,249590,13722179,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Knudson's Greatest Hits,"Got stuck at the bell puzzel, less fun than it looks on the Greenlight page but ultimatly sort of ok. Don't pay full price for this."
,Not Recommended,249590,21268359,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Slow,this game reminded me of why i hate video games
,Not Recommended,249590,10438384,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Immunity,"Teslagrad is neat little game with a fantastic asthetic but unfortunately mediocre.It functions unremarkably as a puzzle game with only a handful mechanics to explore with the real strength lying in the story telling, but is this enough? The game treads too close to the likes of Braid and Limbo in which the lore of the world and the characters is explained in the world but the puzzle solving isn't satisfying and the mythos isn't interesting to carry you along. Boss fights border on tedious (notably, the final boss) and many puzzles kill the player if you fail. This isn't an issue in itself but it makes the turn over for retrying more tiresome then it should be as it is not instantious.It's worth playing if you can get it for less then $5 but it's nothing to write home about."
76561197972300211,Not Recommended,249590,14412105,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Wyrmnus,"I bought this game because it was on sale for under three bucks but mainly because of the key word ""METROIDVANIA"". Now usually when you see this genre you expect a damn good story, music, and most importantly RPG/Action-Adventure hack and slash style gameplay, right? Not the case here. All I'm getting from this is a bunch of magnet style puzzles, with quite alot of challenging hazzards and its just not my cup of tea. Not feelin this in terms of PURE METROIDVANIA :("
76561198024748304,Not Recommended,249590,8082285,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,coells,"I was excited to play the game at the first moment... and disappointed more and more later on. The game is not bad. It's just a complete lack of point what am I doing, lost in pointless world, not knowing what's going on. It's not about mysteries and puzzles. It's about incredibly boring loss of time and money. Level design is one of the worst I've event seen in any game, puzzle design does not even deserve any comment."
76561198054839239,Not Recommended,249590,30809818,Posted: 29 March,all,Beatertech,Nice game BUT there is one boss level that i am unable to pass.. 8 hours and still cant pass *lost interest.
76561197991484333,Not Recommended,249590,8039825,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Friendly Dad,"Frustrating physics puzzles, pixel-perfect platforming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and trial-and-error boss fights; all while dying over, and over, and over. If you haven't gotten enough stress to shorten your life ten years from any of the dozen other indie games that match that description, this should fix that."
76561198077538197,Not Recommended,249590,27560535,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VandriX,Didn't like the game.
76561198165144316,Not Recommended,249590,22816540,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,This game is bad
76561198085423510,Not Recommended,249590,31070297,Posted: 10 April,all,coopin,literal garbage
76561198040295426,Not Recommended,249590,18957470,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,diegzumillo,"Lovely art. And such interesting ideas and new mechanics! But boy is it boring. Level design favors reflex platforming and repetition instead of puzzle solving, which is what the mechanics are better suited for.I wish I had interesting contraptions to figure out using my magnetic powers but I often find myself in a loooong room full of spikes and some magnetic trampoolins along the way. Touched a spike? try again. Next room is the same thing but vertical. Now string all these boring rooms in a metroidvania structure and we have the lovely extra ingredient of backtracking through said rooms!"
,Recommended,249590,8708114,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,adawgfosho,"If you like a challenge and liked how games where back in the NES SNES days then TESLAGRAD is for you. Not a bunch of tutorials that practically complete the game for you, the game starts and BAM! your in.  Great Platforming. Great Puzzles. Keeps you thinking. And plus I love the steampunk look. 9/10"
,Recommended,249590,16749808,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,GamingGoldg,"This game is great it really is. The is one caveat though, my holy balls some of the jumps and moves areinsane. I have played many a platformer, hell I have beaten some insane levels from super meat boy, mario and rayman, but some of the jumps are insane. It is the physics that makes some of these moves so diffcult. This is truly a wonderful game just be warned."
,Recommended,249590,14801817,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Guajos,"Really good game! A good story(if you search for all the things you can collect), a gameplay base on magnetism/repulsion, but with some frustration on the die & retry portion on bosses(that totally worth the effort you put in anyway). Could have been longer a bit(1-2 hours) with some more bonus to collect, but I feel that FOR the story they have to tell, it's the perfect lenght. Even if I wish for more level to complete, hehe. On good note, GG developpers. 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,249590,15091150,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wago,Teslagrad is an amazing metroidvania game. It includes all the mechanics of the classics but also inovates in stage development and boss battles. It also tells an extremely beautiful story without a single word. I strongly recommend it for the fans of the genre.
76561198107548900,Recommended,249590,21973516,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kaldun,"shame on me. I didnt finished the game. I Love games likes this but I am not that good. Watched the last 2 bosses on youtube. Dont get me wrong, its a super great game just a little bit to difficult for me. I stopped playing at the rolling stone which can be charged...Superb art, music and atmosphere! And very creative bosses! :)If you are good at it games like this buy it for the full price and if you are like me, a sale is your best friend.I fully recommend it."
,Recommended,249590,21926026,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Jorbun,"A little clunky in places, but overall an excellent game. Very good at teaching the player what to do from beginning to end. Has some of the strengths of the metroidvania genre, except for the intricate map; this game is pretty linear. Very little combat outside of the boss battles, of which there are only five. Most of the game is puzzles with some platforming.My favorite thing about Teslagrad though, is how it tells it's story with very little exposition, and even then it uses no words whatsoever. There is no dialogue, and no written instructions for anything.9.5/10"
76561198001451669,Recommended,249590,27585254,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MaliceToaster,"A great little puzzle game. the story is simple but well done. Controls very well, though there are some issues with the physics at times."
,Recommended,249590,27507727,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,legoharry,"Good Game, if a bit short.  Figuring out the gimmicks and getting all the secrets adds a bit to the game though."
76561198001629178,Recommended,249590,27425490,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Father Creamy,"Loved this game for the art & platforming. The 1-hit death thing can be annoying, and I did have to look up a guide to get past one boss. Looking forward to see how their next project will fair, World to the West."
76561198131235769,Recommended,249590,27026671,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Groot,"nice music, difficult to fight the boss"
,Recommended,249590,26988432,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jakecore,"its hard to give this game a negative review, but its also hard to give it a positive review.fun game to play, but insta-death gets annoying really quick.magnetic physics need some serious attention.rooms are fun little puzzles at time, bosses are a pain, but a welcomed challenge, and are mostly trial and error.did i mention insta-death sucks?checkpoint system is sometimes a pain, game saves whenever you enter a room. have fun waiting to float back to the top of the main room if you fall down.the equipment you find throughout the game are fun to mess around with.get it on discount, not worth full price."
,Recommended,249590,24782629,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Cacahuete,"I have enjoyed this game. The story is easy to understand and very lovely. Some puzzles are hard (some of them are really tedious), but its a good challenge. Obtaining the 100% might seem impossible, but it worths. Art is cute too."
,Recommended,249590,14679686,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineTeslagrad has a wonderful art style, very smooth animations, and a challenging mix of precision platforming and puzzles!The art style is beautiful, and reminds me of a mixture of Disney Pixar and Dreamworks Animation, the art style is really beautiful! The smooth animations make the game have smooth gameplay and precise platforming. However, the game can be frustrating and repetitive, the boss battles are mostly the same, hit the same weak point over and over and also the boss battles change their movement paths all the time, rarely following the same pattern. Another annoying thing is the few bugs and glitches I encountered with the game, this sadly ruined my experience, plus the amount of checkpoints there are are very fewHowever, RAIN Games did a very good job with the game, it has a very nice story even though it doesn't have any dialogue at all. Nice art style and very nice animations. A job well done to the developers!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198119484767,Recommended,249590,24518150,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,JaiSparkles,"Although frustrating one day, Teslagrad makes you want to get back into it the next. This puzzle game is very clever and it's art style is astonishing. It is short but enjoyable. I probably wouldn't create a new game, as it was hard the first time around, but, if possible, I'd like to explore the tower with all my new abilities. I recommend this game! It's worth getting anytime!"
76561198079020363,Recommended,249590,24637192,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,crickit90,"This game is full of intriguing puzzles, and it has very clever challenges. I like the visual design, and the story is presented in short skits. There is no dialogue, but it is a dynamic event. Unfortunately, it seems to be primarily based on memorization. I personally am glad that the boss fights are few and far between because those drag this game down from being great to merely fun. I'd say wait for a sale before buying this one."
,Recommended,249590,24477257,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ishvii,A great platformer based on magnets and polarity. The controls are responsive (play with a gamepad) and the art style and music are nice. For a decent platformer around 4 hours long you  can't go wrong with this.
,Recommended,249590,24007665,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,jokeserver,"This was a pleasant puzzle-platformer with a decent amount of hidden collectibles and a good mechanic progression such that nothing ever felt repetitive or stale. I finished it in a day because it was always ""oh, I'll just do one more puzzle""."
76561198012023582,Recommended,249590,25829678,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,lewrker,"The puzzles are a bit on the easy side, the boss fights however unique and challenging. I liked the music, the graphics, the ambience - everything, really. Wish it were longer!"
,Recommended,249590,21847874,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,"Seriously, don't go easy on me.",It's really good until you have to use physics.
,Recommended,249590,20635177,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Raiju,"Teslagrad is somewhat oddly categorized on the steam market. I went in expecting a metroidvania and got a platforming puzzle solver game instead. Although I was surprised, the game exceeded all expectations for me.The entire game has no dialogue and the story is gathered from grabbing these battery shaped objects throughout the tower you are climbing. You solve puzzles with the power of polarities and some teleport magics. The puzzles are fairly simple with a few difficult ones here and there but the true challenge is solving the puzzles to grab the batteries for more story. Enemies are fairly rare and you will most likely die to the environment rather than being attacked by anything.Bosses however, are the games absolute strongeset point. Given that you die in one hit regardless of the situation certain bosses become very difficult as they require accurate jumps, reactions, and knowledge to overcome. You will die probably a minimum of three time per boss. The later ones will cause slightly more headaches as the patterns have surprises added in. The game is difficult by no means and repeated attempts will probably result in victory.The music is pretty good with some influence from Russian culture. The art is also quite pleasing to look at. My one gripe about the game is that navigating up the tower you are climbing to collect batteries you have missed is a huge pain. At the end of the game, you are required to have at a minimum of 15 batteries so for those who wish to avoid backtracking up a long climb I would recommend you collect 15 before the end of the game. The game also seems to use an excessive amount of power for what is present in the game. I'm not sure if it is the Unity engine or bad coding practices but my processor was certainly doing some work running this despite being a fairly good processor.I would recommend you buy the game and give it a run through if you enjoy puzzle games somewhat akin to portal levels of thinking and thrilling boss fights. I'm sure the game would be much longer than the three hours I spent on it if I actually made an active attempt to find all the batteries. Running through the game took me about 3 hours with some time spent backtracking for the 15 batteries."
76561198134526278,Recommended,249590,21678235,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Maxim,"This game was a blast to play through. I loved my experience as I explored the tower, fighting all the bosses, getting new toys to play with, and finding all of the collectable scrolls. Would definitely recommend playing this for yourself and getting the full experience and seeing the story for yourself."
76561198032500689,Recommended,249590,21722798,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Blatherwock,"A charming game. Some levels were a bit frustrating, but overall really enjoyable."
76561198063379490,Recommended,249590,21740018,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,kr9899,"neat game. interesting game mechanics allow for a lot of cool puzzles. not a whole lot of powerups, but i actually liked it that way since the game's puzzles fully show the capabilities of each one. pleasant and fitting music too. i didn't get the ""this was supperrr awesomeee!"" feeling after playing through it (maybe it's not supposed to be that kind of game), but i'm glad i played it and recommend it just for the interesting and novel (to me) mechanics and puzzles"
,Recommended,249590,20330726,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,pand4mir,"Nice puzzlesBeautiful graphic artSome puzzles are really hard, but so much fun :D"
,Recommended,249590,20392008,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Shall,"Pretty good game, bosses a little less good.  Fun puzzles, nice art, nice music."
,Recommended,249590,19892607,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mr. Dyzalot,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥these bosses really are something
,Recommended,249590,19967201,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mr.Crane,"*spoiler free review*I bought this game while it was on sale for $2, and I love it. I don't know if I would have spent $10 on it, but I might have. This game is electropunk set in a slovic city. When you first start it feels like it's just going to be a platformer, but that is just to introduce you to the controls of climbing and movement. The graphics are really well drawn. The music is good, but the looping needs more work. You can definitly tell when the track ends and then starts up again.And then there are the maguffins/powerups. Not going to go into any detail because of spoilers, but they are cool as hell.This game is a metroidvania in more of a loose sense. It is definitly a puzzle platformer, and it does that part very well, but so far the only backtrack I have done is to get unlockables, not powerups or to open paths I couldn't get to before to advance the game. It could just be that I haven't played long enough for that to happen yet though. Metroidvania fans I think would still like this game.TL:DR Definitly buy it on sale, probably buy it normal price, maguffins/powerups are cool as hell."
76561198094148664,Recommended,249590,19921138,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,RelentlessBoo,"It's really short (you can beat it in 1.5 hours if you know what you're doing, and 3-4 if you don't), but it's an interesting and fairly original concept that is fun to play."
,Recommended,249590,17357636,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,"Hawkins, Beardmage","Absolutely excellent.  Like a more beautiful, non-linear Limbo, or a mellower, insta-death Metroid.There is an indie platformer sub-genre ""Something Cute, Somewhere Dangerous"", and this is the best that I've played.  It's a delightful exploration of a sprawling, beautiful environment that tells a story (or many, really) without dialogue.  It's harder than Mario, but easier than Meat Boy.Worth buying, worth getting the secret ending."
,Recommended,249590,17193081,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,KingSigy,"Metroidvania games are basically absent from the triple-A game space. While Konami and Nintendo used to produce some high-quality adventures, we're now relegated to the indie sphere to find any kind of action/adventure game in the vein of those classic series'.Teslagrad may not be the most diverse of it's kin, but it certainly earns a recommendation for it's quality and simplicity. You play as a boy who has dominion over electricity. This allows him to change the polarity of certain blocks, blink through thin walls, magnetize to specific blocks and shoot electric beams.This all unfolds through a castle that subtlely reveals the story behind your character. You jump through obstacles, avoid enemies and death traps and collect capsules to clear up some of the backstory. This isn't too far removed from something like Symphony of the Night, often feeling like a spiritual successor at times.The art style is very expressive and feels extremely fluid. It lends a sense of smoothness to the gameplay that always empowers you. Even when repeatedly dying, you never feel like the deaths were your fault.That is, until you hit the boss battles. For everything the game gets right about standard platforming, someone forgot how to make bosses interesting. Taking a page from Super Meat Boy, these bosses employ a one and done style of battle. One hit and you restart the whole ordeal, regardless of length.It gets super bad towards the end where you are required to hit the bosses a total of 9 times. Going through the motions of a 5 minute boss battle to fail at the end is almost enough to make me hurl a controller through a window. If it weren't for the wonderfully built castle, I'd have given up after the second boss.Getting through those roadblocks does feel rather satisfying and buckling down to overcome a fierce adversary is always a treat. I just wish more could have been done to alleviate some of the repetitive nature of those encounters. At least the platforming is always throwing new tricks your way.Interestingly enough, the achievements seem to matter in this game. There is one linked to each scroll you can find in the game. Finding all of these will give you the ""true"" ending. It's refreshing to play a game where, even without knowing what the achievements are, you end up collecting them all out of sheer fun factor.At the end of it all, I really recommend this to people who are dying for another Metroidvania game. There are a few newer ones that may have more developed mechanics, but simplicity is always appreciated, in my opinion. I like having as few barriers in my way as possible when playing something.7/10"
76561198016761471,Not Recommended,249590,16912251,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Rykar,"If you like super meat boy, wonderful. I've never been a fan of the repeated-death, grueling-difficulty, twitch-response platformers. So I was very surprised when this game turned into that.I'd admit this as a problem with me and not the game, except I was not sold ""Super Meat Boy"", I was sold ""Limbo with magnets"". I quit halfway through the game in a fit of frustration, and likely will never come back to finish it.This is a fantastic game in all ways except the gameplay, for me. If you like Super Meat Boy, get this 110%. If you're not a fan of gruelingly-difficult action platformers... save yourself the rage and 10 bucks."
,Recommended,249590,16457142,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FlippantOne,"Teslagrad is a very enjoyable platformer. It tells a simple story very well, and it is an interesting platformer. The game also creates a good sense of progression, as your character gains more abilities as the game progresses. Different levels also seem to offer different challenges, and the game never gets too repetitive. The visuals and music are also very nice. I fully recommend that you try this out if you like platformers and/or games with elegant storytelling."
76561198084680902,Recommended,249590,16406084,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HanSolo,Awesome! Love the music. Pretty good game to get the gray matter rotating ^^
,Recommended,249590,29335519,Posted: 18 January,all,爱阔少,"If you can tolerate all the frustrations in those physics based action/puzzle games, I highly recommend Teslagrad to you.This is a pretty damn good little gem in all aspects. It has really cool graphics and music. Game mechanics are simple, but design comes to a wide variety. The story itself isn't anything special, but not a word is used in the entire game yet it still succesfully hooked me along the playthrough. Even when I finished the game, I wanted to stay a little longer at the happy ending screen. That's really impressive work.Then let's talk about some of these ""frustration parts"". It's all about trial and error and still not understanding exactly what should I do, like:-Jump with magnetic force. You may tried a few times and still need a few more pixels to reach your goal, need more precise control? or it's just you are not supposed to go this way?-Some large rooms you need to go through without stopping, you can't see the whole picture from the start, you'll die in one hit and restart from the entrance.-Boss fights that are also puzzles, you probably need a couple of trials to understand how to beat them, of course die in one hit and restart from the very beginning.Fortunately it's not a long game, and most puzzles don't require precise control. Even you may hate those frustration stuff, I still recommend you take a try.Oh, and one last note: Always try collect the scrolls when you see them, most of them don't need a special skill which is obtained later to get. Because you actually HAVE TO collect at least half to see the final boss, and you'll get to know that just after you finished 90% of the game."
,Recommended,249590,32976089,Posted: 28 June,all,isaacbee,A really well designed Metroidvania/puzzle-platformer with plenty of fun magnetism/electricity based powers to unlock. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,249590,32841940,Posted: 26 June,all,vTon,A really nice game
,Recommended,249590,33016916,Posted: 29 June,all,ChykoZolar,"It's one of the best games i've ever played, it's worth the price i think"
76561198021099201,Recommended,249590,33028281,Posted: 30 June,all,Syntrance,"This is an extremely dynamic and original game.  It definitely makes for high challenges, to the point where you may give up on it.  But the intricacies and ideas are gorgeous and artfully depicted."
,Recommended,249590,33980379,Posted: 2 August,all,dtamashu,"It reminds me of Titus Fox retro game, my 1st fav."
76561198147436079,Recommended,249590,34648582,Posted: 31 August,all,marcoszenar,Fun game. The puzzle parts are awesome. Great animation and style. But the boss battles are stupidly frustrating and obnoxious. So much so I gave the game up on the 3rd boss and will try and watch it on youtube hahaha. Still recomend it though if you have the patience
76561198107421027,Recommended,249590,31733276,Posted: 13 May,all,EliseoAndres,Very good game! I spent 8hs to finish it and get all the achievements.Great music and graphics.I recommend it! I bought it for 2 U$D.Score: 15/15--------Genial y más genial! Me tomó 8hs terminar el juego y obtener todos los logros.La música es una maravilla y los gráficos me encantaron.Más todavía porque lo pagué 2 U$DNota: 15/15
76561198007430407,Recommended,249590,35057705,Posted: 18 September,all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,"""Think of Portal where players can only shoot portal when they are in midair, and will be killed if they reach the ground""Honestly this game is much more ""re-action"" than ""action"" because everything kill U in 1 hit and the game physic tend to catapult every object (enemy and U) in sonic speed around (and kill U in process cause U hit something U shouldn't).The ratio of skill require to pass each challenge is around... 75% reaction skill / 25% puzzle solving skill. The hard part of the pzzle is not solving what player have to do, but if you can execute the 'solving process' or not.Some level even go as far as 90% reaction skill.For example, one of the puzzle require the plater to switch between 'push' and 'pull' on some rail. (Yeah, it's railgun that shoot the player to the door to next level). The problem about this level is that it requires superhuman precision 'push' and 'pull' (due to in-game physic and magnet simulation) or U will falldown on the way and have to do everything again.Another problem is that some puzzle is 'memory maze puzzle that kill U if U go the wrong way cause respawn is faster' kind of puzzle. There's a level where U have to float up the tower and evade electrocuted barrier. The problem is that some 'path' lead U to deadend of eletrocuted barrier and player will be pushed to dead against it.But except from these levels (around 10% of the level are like this), the rest of the levels are more reasonable and enjoyable.All in all I will recommend it. This game have interesting concept of using magnet theme puzzle and reasonable physic to make it work (90% of the time anyway).It also has very interesting boss battle that's more satisfying to fight/solve than most puzle game (the difficulty spike need some balance thought, it's so Dark Soul 1-hit-kill-mode).The game is worth the price, especially on sale."
76561198133813562,Recommended,249590,35347242,Posted: 30 September,all,Kyjae,"This game is awesome. Great story, perfect music, amazing artstyle, and intimidating and challenging bosses. Lots of fun backtracking that isnt tiresome to get all the collectable items, puzzles that stump you for a minute or so, then you get it and it makes perfect sense. Very few games have I closed after beating and said ""That was awesome"". Teslagrad was one of those games."
,Recommended,249590,35383183,Posted: 1 October,all,ncherniw,An exciting platforming experience bringing a fresh set of unique mechanics with a polished feel.
