user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,249570,18621820,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,photec,"Jason should make this game free at this point, or at least greatly reduce the price. $15 for a game where you might have five houses to play in on a good day? Sadly, while it was a really great game at its peak, it's just not worth it at this point."
76561198034840765,Not Recommended,249570,8905922,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,BattlefieldOBGYN,"Good idea, deeply flawed execution.  You are not given enough resources to protect your own meager safe, nor go out and rob someone else's.I have a feeling only those who have been playing a long time have been able to experience the intricate trap building that should be accessible to every player in this game; and is in fact the primary allure of purchasing The Castle Doctrine in the first place.  For new players, however, the game is simply a race to rip off someone else whose stash is as equally completely defenseless as yours.For new players, this is not a thinking man's game.  You don't spend your time solving puzzles and building.  Instead, you leave your ""castle"" empty so you can attempt to rip off other new players, as they too cannot afford defenses.  While you are out you're hoping you aren't ripped off from someone more powerful or equally desperate, so you can put together some funds.  Improving your situation isn't possible in practice.  You are barely even given enough money in the beginning to properly wall off an area, let alone build a simple logic trap, or electrified door.  Needs balancing."
,Not Recommended,249570,8907730,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Devlin,"In the games current state, I would not recommend it. There is absolutely no help for you once you jump in the game, no tooltips or tutorials whatsoever. There is a user guide which was very helpful to me, but I don't think that people should have to rely on guides to figure out the basics of a game. It's all pretty much trial and error for noobies, and can be very overwhelming with all the different types of blocks and such, especially when you have no idea what any of them do. While trial and error is good and all, when it's the only way you have to learn the game's mechanics, it becomes quite tedious. I also think some of the games mechanics need to be reworked - such as dying in your own home. In order to finish booby-trapping your house, you have to reach your vault yourself, which I think makes perfect sense. However, if you die while testing out your defenses, you start over from scratch. Sure it makes sense, but I think the player should just simply be cut a break here. How are we supposed to know if a certain trap works if we can't test it ourselves? There's also a five minute rule. In which if you are inactive for five minutes, the game kills you off; this happens even if you are testing your own home. As far as I understand the developer is frequently updating the game so I'd advise waiting for a few patches to roll out before trying this game.Edit: After playing a bit more of the game I'm starting to realize how broken it is. Rather than using clever traps that require the robber to think in order to break into the vault, I'm finding most people just use simple game-breaking tactics that make it pure luck if anyone succesfully robs you. An example of this that I've seen quite often is making columns with walls with a door at the end of each one, behind one door is their vault, behind every other is a pitbull ready to bite your face off. That is just one of many examples I've seen, which makes robbing other people's houses nearly impossible. This game is a great idea and I hope the developer can find a way to fix these issues, but until then this game is not worth your money.Second edit: The game can certainly be fun, after doing some research on traps, tools, etc. via the wiki and understanding the game a bit more it became pretty addicting. I still would not recommend this game because robbing others houses is just simply too hard. There's many cheap tactics you can use and in most cases I find myself either stepping inside someone's house, turning around and leaving, or walking around a bit and end up dead with everything I worked for lost. The addicting/fun part of this game for me is building my house, then watching people attempt to run through it, while killing my family in the process. Robbing others is just way too risky, and about 99% of the time will end up getting you killed. As a lot of others have mentioned, there is also a huge level of unfairness depending on how much money you have. I think that as long as the people on the top of the list don't get themselves killed from robbing others, then they'll just stay at the top from people trying to rob them (you get a bounty reward when robbers die inside your house). These giant maze-like houses become literally impossible to break into after a certain point, when just one false step can end up being fatal; and with dozens of doors to choose from, it's pure luck if anyone were to ever succeed. Definitely could use some balancing - for starters I'd suggest raising the measly $2,000 starting cash; even an extra $500 would be enough to make a difference. Whether it be more money to defend your home, or buy tools to break into someone elses, or have more in your vault to attract robbers attention to get their bounty, or more money for them if they successfully rob you - the more money that goes around, the better. As long as it doesn't go to the rich scumbags, haha.Feature requests: Due to how often you die in this game, it would be nice to have layout saves, which would be especially useful for the start of the game. There's not a whole lot you can do with the beginning $2,000, so once you find a starting layout that you like it'd be nice to not have to build it over and over again each time you die. It would be useful for the end-game as well, and maybe the developer didn't add it in because he didn't want people to use the same layout each time, but I know that a majority of people will find one they like and stick with it rather than going through the trouble of coming up with a new one, if the developer wants them to or not; so a layout feature would just make it less of a hassle.Secondly, because of how hard it is already to rob peoples houses, I don't think that you should lose every item in your backpack if you make it out alive. Dropping the items to make room for their cash in the vault makes sense.Third, improve the search at the menu. As of now you can only search by name, and the list is sorted by richest to poorest. Add some more filters, such as ""people who robbed you"" or ""sort by poorest"", even the option to search by money rather than name would be nice. Obviously the people with the most money will have the hardest houses to break into, so if you're starting out you could try breaking into some low/mid-tier houses instead.Lastly, a hand tool when building your house. When making a mistake while building you have to flip through the different items/blocks/animals and re-place them where you want them. It would be much easier and speed up the process if I had a hand tool that allowed me to just pick stuff up and drop it somewhere else, which could then be doubled as a tool that let me select multiple items by dragging a box, and moving them all at once."
76561198054904426,Not Recommended,249570,12646845,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Pick,"It was a really good game! The thing is it ""was"" a good game and it still is. The only problem is the community is dead I tried it out again today, and... 8 houses were present, that's it! I would not recommend it in it's current state"
,Not Recommended,249570,12635288,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Grapist,"Pointless to buy this game now, the community is not as active as it was and this hurts the game completely."
,Not Recommended,249570,13327334,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Nordak Balrem ESQ,I wouldn't advise purchasing.  What is the point of purchasing to play when only maybe 8 people are playing?  This is a multiplayer only game.  Some stats following.Month                  Avg. Players  Peak PlayersLast 30 Days	    2.1                  8November 2014  2.4	           8October 2014	    2.5                  9September 2014 3.1                  8August 2014       3.1	          8July 2014	            5.0                13June 2014	   4.8                 12May 2014	           7.8                 22April 2014	13.9                  31March 2014	22.3	                 53February 2014	84.2	         	 298
,Not Recommended,249570,10281449,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Critical Failure,"Don't bother. There is plenty of cheating. Some people even bought the game for two accounts so they could ghost and get insider information into peoples layout. Since it's release, the playerbase has fallen apart. I was so excited for this. This game was brought to its knees by the dev's personal politics and his failure to close some basic gaps.EDIT: Player base is totally gone. No one is left. Jason, I told you so."
,Not Recommended,249570,10472022,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,kebcoob,"The Castle Doctrine had a very nice thought, yet was terribly executed.For one, the game is hyper-realistic. when trying to get to your vault by testing your traps, you can actually die by your traps. And I mean literally die, so you have to start all over again. even the smallest change to your house will make you test it again. Another thing is that you can give your wife a shotgun as a defense, and she will kill you.Next, there is interface. While playing, I felt very, very enclosed. no real menus, you only get to see one kind of screen, and most of the time it's just black darkness. It alwas uses re-ocurring colors like grey, orange, dark cyan and black. it seems very bland and boring to just look at.Graphics aside, we are onto gameplay. My gosh, is it hard to even take a step. you start off in house with your wife and kids and $2000. You can either use the money to build your house, or you can use it to get robbing equipment. Oh, and by the way, the main premice of the game is to rob people or steal robbers' bounty. You can go to the list of countless people and rob their houses, but you know you can't. Somehow, someway, everyone on that list has figured out the perfect way to protect thier house and get tons of ca$h. So how do you win? You can't. You'll try , but after about 5 minutes you realise that no mattter what you try to do, it's impossible to get more than your base $2000.To sum it up, The Castle Doctrine is not worth half it's price. It's badly made, which will make you expect much more. But no, I pretty much told everything in this review. I thing the price for $16 dollars asking for waaaayy to much, so it should be down to $5. Anyways, the promotional sale was literally the only discount ever on this game.It's literally in the announcement. So if you have $16 to burn, do NOT use it here. Please use it somewhere else. Thank you."
76561198000401543,Not Recommended,249570,29790140,Posted: 8 February,all,Eight-255,"In short: A multiplayer only game with no players. Don't buy.One of the most dissappointing games I've ever played. The premise isn't even that bad: set up traps in your house, foil the traps of others. However, the way the system was implimented leads to nothing but tedium and frustration. High level players had mountains of cash to build over-elaborate deathtraps, exploiting every quirk of the game mechanics to make houses that required knowledge of what objects were placed OUTSIDE the walls of the house to complete, as things like dogs would run around in the yard, totally unseeable, pressing switches and unleashing hell unless you knew exactly how to dance around to get them where you need them. And this does not even include the ""fun"" designs players could begin making when their family had been killed, allowing even more freedom in how they set up their dungeon.The effect was that new players quickly became frustrated and left, which dried up the pool of houses that you could actually be reasonably assured to complete, meaning that the game had literally no point unless your intent was to just feed the players sitting in their palacial death-mansions. This was not helped by the absurd price of the game, and the devs bizzarely principled stand on only having one sale ever. They clearly value their game to a very high degree, but that pride seems to have ultimately hurt the game.The game now has an average player count per day of around 0.5, and the peak players in the last 30 days was 2. This is a multiplayer only game that has half of a human being playing daily and never more than a couple at one time. It no longer functions as a game."
,Not Recommended,249570,9555948,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,.gring.,"Stay far away from this.  It's really hard for me to call it a game, to be honest.  I could write about how broken the progression is, or how buggy it is, how awfully coded and designed it is, and how people are hacking it to pieces essentially destroying the entire purpose of it being an MMO, but I feel those subjects have already been covered enough by plenty of other people.What I would rather discuss is the price and its relation to what the product is actually worth.Everything here feels like an experiment, from the ""game"" itself, to the pricing, to even the developer's lifestyle, and really in the end the customer as well as the health of the community are the ones paying the price.  The developer's ""anti-sales"" stance means the community will only die over time and never flourish.  For a ""game"" that trys to promote itself as an MMO, it means a unsustainable fanbase.  Anyone joining at this time will surely find only the super hardcore players and an even smaller window of opporotunity to learn the mechanics and to get better, from an already overly harsh learning curve.Want to suggest anything at all and provide feedback?  Well, apparently unless you've put in hundreds of hours of gametime, the community and the developer want nothing to do with you, and will freely attack you and assume even the tiniest suggestion means you want to turn the entire game inside out.  Ask to streamline the learning curve in anyway and you'll be accused by players that you are a terrible gamer and can't handle the (bad) design, or that you're just wanting permadeath removed (Like I was accused of).  It doesn't matter that a large majority of games I play and love most are brutally challenging games with permadeath as their prime feature (games like Spelunky, Binding of Isaac, FTL, etc), in their eyes I wanted permadeath removed.  I even saw the developer personally tell his players that were hoping for more from it that ""the game's not for you"", which just seemed rude and completely self-sabotaging.One could argue that this ""game"" is okay in the end, just like how you could squint your eyes hard enough to make a whale into a supermodel, its a neat experiment concept in theory but really what brings this down is the price.  There are players who do enjoy the game so it is possible that you will also.  But it's just a question of whether or not you're willing to put down the $16 to find out whether or not this experiment fits you, which is a big pricetag for a ""probably not"".  The game is nowhere NEAR worth $16, there are $1-2 iPhone/Android games that are almost twice or more what this game offers.  I love experiemental games, I love when developers push the boundries of what defines a game, but usually the price is adjusted and recognized for what it's actually worth.I read the developer first tell new players to ""put more time into it before judging it"" which is fair, but then I saw him say to another who did put the time into it and still didn't like the game that because he had all those hours that he should consider it being worth the price.  I also read a statement from him saying that there are players who put hundreds of hours into his game, and therefore that justifies the pricetag.  But I could play with my own rectal filth for a thousand hours, and that wouldn't make it worth anything more then what it actually is."
76561198108053076,Not Recommended,249570,24681760,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BUN,"Honestly, I adored this game.  I loved it in every way, played it often and thought the creator was brilliant for such a simple yet complex idea.  But please make this game free already so the community can grow and thrive, then (if you absolutely have to), when it's at its peak you can pull the plug and demand your (at this point) ridiculous $17.99 (for a 100% dead game).  Everybody reads reviews and nobody will buy this in its current state.  If money is what you're truly after then make it free temporarily and then you'll eventually get your way because everybody will want to buy / play it when there's thousands of houses to burgle."
,Not Recommended,249570,18291649,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Steed,"Game was pretty unbalanced but still fun when it was releassed, but now, there are only a small number of players to interact with. I would not reccomend this at all."
,Not Recommended,249570,17378555,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mister Ray Eh,"This game needs to be revived if its worth every penny that it costs on the account that too many people have stopped and those who continue are over powered and make the game unfair for the few selection of people that think this might be a good game, Back then i would have recomended this game on the account of a wide selection of people who played it which made this game lush and fair between experienced and non experienced people, likewise it is dead now."
76561198020625871,Not Recommended,249570,8907408,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,mr.mattmurphy,"Sure wish the game would've spared any of it's 10mb on explaining the electrical system.   With no place to really experiment with the interaction between tiles, you start over and over again with little luck.  10 bucks wasted."
,Not Recommended,249570,13057164,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,odacniar,"This is HORRIBLE! There are only about 5 other people playing it right now... I am serious, it sucks that bad!The idea was pretty cool, however in actuality noone plays it :(DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,249570,12915566,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,FatalError,"Very good concept. Poor quality of the game. I personaly was taken by the opening inro and some videos I viewed. Playing it on the other hand sas severly dissapointed after a short while as you can't get very far with out falling prey to a house with a mechanic that traps you. I reget spending money on this and also take note there will not be any sale on this, part of this feels like a money grab with an underdeveloped game."
76561198005327607,Not Recommended,249570,8906804,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Sarophym,"Tiles can't rotate!Game lacks any explanation of how any tiles interact.Fan based wiki pages I found were a chore to navigate through.Is this game early access?Seemingly significant learning curve with no ingame support for picking it up.A frustrating 12$ purchase, would've felt not cheated for 5$.Recommend passing this up for Starbound, Minecraft, Terraria, Dwarf Fortress (Free), etc if you have caught the building bug.Idea is neat though. Try harder."
76561198044213828,Not Recommended,249570,14731903,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Battle AL,"Do NOT buy this game! At this point, anyone that buys this game is being robbed. The game revolves around being able to steal items and money from other people to build up your own defences. Sounds good right? It would be, but the few people that are still in the game are near impossible to rob with the crap items you are able to buy straight off. You are able to rob less than 20 people at the moment. These remaining people range from being so easy that there is no reward, or a complex structure that will kill you if you make a single mistake, there is NO in between.Back in this games golden days, this could've been an entertaining game. It had an interesting concept with only one problem, it RELIES on people playing the actual game! there are no NPC's that you can rob for a small ammount of cash, and there's nothing to get you off of the bottom of the food chain.You lose the game the second you click the buy button."
,Not Recommended,249570,16612215,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,HardKor,Game is DEAD
,Not Recommended,249570,17839577,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Jmt660,"No good, I got tried of it fast. Way overpriced."
76561198073976613,Recommended,249570,15514984,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Genetics,"I'm not sure how many of you will see this, but here it goes... I imagine you're asking yourself ""do I want this game?"" and having second thoughts after reading a handful of negative reviews about how ""dead"" the community is.This, DOESN'T MATTER. there are active players and they will be enough, trust me. In the brevity of time I spent on the game it consumed me. It was the only thing on my mind until I accidently killed myself and walked away.I was always checking if someone had attacked me, had they succeded, improving my defenses, repairing damage done. It is incredibly addicting, you have been warned.Within two weeks I had spent 77 hours on this game, it may have been just one week... I can't really remmeber. I would have Castle Doctrine open on the side while I played other games, checking every time I finished a game of League of Legends or Hearthstone. Had I been attacked? What happened?The message I'm trying to tell you is that while there might not be too many people running around, they are there, and you should be afraid. Just because you're not online doesn't mean you can't be attacked. As well as the fact that this game can be insanely addicting, (it was for me).... Oh god writing this review... I've been drawn back in.*Edit* The game is always hardcore, you die, you start over from scratch. The game isn't afraid to drop you on your head and let your brain spill out. You died verifying your own defenses? Start from scratch, died trying to rob someone? Start from scratch, somebody killed your family, stole all your possesions, and now you have no reason to live? Suicide and enjoy starting off with a new family. a new safe, an empty house, and 2k (scratch, square one, however you want to say it)."
76561198122196997,Not Recommended,249570,21625996,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Salty Varangian Guard,it was a good game back in the day now the player number has fallen down to 9 or 8 (if u are luckky) there used to be at least 50-100 players but now its ded dont buy it its a waste of money and time R.I.P castle doctrine :( u will be missed (at least by me)
,Not Recommended,249570,8908424,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,kriD,"Definitely not as good as expected. A game that will only entertain the few who wish to plan a complex puzzle and complete others' for no real reward. Would only pay <$2, now if only I could get $9 back..."
76561198037962242,Not Recommended,249570,8907239,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Sinful,"I don't know.  This game has a metric assload of potential, really.  But I find that I enjoy the intro video more than I enjoy the game itself.  You start out so far behind everyone else you can A) spend all your money and suicide bomber yourself at the homes of the wealthier players until you manage to heist some of their♥♥♥♥♥♥ or B) You can attempt to make your pittance go as far as it can and play the waiting game where you make money incrementally from your family over time.  Hoping someone will try to rob you for the handful of change you have and maybe die in the process, leaving you more money.Balance is nonexistent in this game.  People established already prior to your purchase will almost always have homes that will defeat you.  They are the angry middle finger of an uncaring God damning you for your hubris.  I would honestly rather have my money back, and that's really a first for me with my games on steam."
,Not Recommended,249570,8935914,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Woodstock,"I loved this game for about... an hour or so, because it was new and interesting, but playing it for 15 hours allowed me to see everything.If you gear up, enter a house and leave through the same door you walked in, you lose all of your tools. Amazingly unrealistic there. A powered door cost $240, while the crowbar to circumvent that powered door costs $2400. Pricing is terrible in this game. Drugged/unconscious pit bulls will kill you if you step over them again.The most common types of houses are:Players creating intricate mazes that only they know the path for. Causing you to run through and commit to paths from the very beginning, only to find out after you've committed to several paths, that you actually took the wrong one. So you die, lose your house, and any tools you had go bye-bye.Houses with multiple-multiple-multiple-multiple choice paths for you to choose. Also forcing you to commit with each turn, once again only to find out that you've gone down the wrong path. You die again, lose your house, and lose your tools.Combination locks. !@#$ing EVERYWHERE!!! We're going to force you to commit(again) by passing this powered door, pressing this button and the powered door closes behind you. Then have you guess a 6-12 digit combination, ALL of which are sticky pressure plates which are surrounded by concrete and steel walls... everywhere. You're not getting out. You might as well suicide.Entering a house(which has very little money as far as the list is concerned). The house seems cheap, being mostly wood and all. Force you to commit down a certain path only to find out a few steps later that there's steel and concrete everywhere. Well !@#$. This could be fixed by using smaller houses and the camera staying centered on your character.When you see the same garbage everywhere, and everyone pretty much does the same thing just because it's 'that' effective... it kind of sucks the fun out of the game for everyone except for those watching the 'security tapes' and laughing their asses off at anyone attempting to rob them and dying.Lack of the ability to save a layout in the game for a $1000-1500 layout that works until you get a little more money. The  inability to sell your current house objects once you've proved your house was 'fair'. The camera does not stay centered on your character and some people take advantage of this.I'm sure everyone who buys a game expects a certain amount of fun to frustration ratio. This game has been %10 fun to %90 frustration.The player-base is going to suffer hardcore with or without sales.Why?There are going to be players with a ton of money, and no one trying to rob them because you have no new players and you don't make the game fun enough to keep playing. Or simply because everyone is afraid to lose all of their high value stuff by dying. This will cause a stalemate in the game between any of the high value players.If someone whom has a ton of money tries to rob someone and dies or someone actually manages to rob them, they're going to stop playing because they don't care to take the incredible amount of time and effort to build up their castle like they did previously.But hey, what do I know. I'm just another guy with an opinion. I want my money back, and I want this game off of my Steam library just as much as Dogfighter."
,Not Recommended,249570,9300140,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Urganite,"I'm a fan of difficult, tense games that don't try to hold your hand. Sadly, this isn't so much a difficult game as a discouraging game. Don't get me wrong, I like the premise a lot, and I enjoy the idea of playing this game with friends, trying to guess whose house belongs to who, with all of that kind of fun social dynamic attached when you finally penetrate a house's defenses. Sadly, playing the game as presented on the public server is an exercise in pointlessness.To begin with, the game has extremely far beyond frustrating game flow that actively discourages experimentation to a degree I can't really explain very well using words. Despite really wanting to like the game, I was done after the second day of ownership. Experimentation of any type, with your own house's design or with exploring those of others, is 'rewarded' by completely losing the house's entire design if you make any mistakes whatsoever anywhere, either in its wiring or in negotiating the house's solution. Despite well-matching the game's design philosophy, the fundamental reality of this situation is that you will spend over 95% of your game time rebuilding nearly identical houses with the almost no money you're forced to start with.The ease of death is really overstated, it's very easy to avoid dying provided no one with an entire inventory full of guns and saws really wants your money. That said, after rebuilding the same house for the fourth time, I lost pretty much all desire to look at anyone else's houses. And, of course, if you make a mistake wiring your own house and end up in your own trap, well. It's time to start over. Unlike a 'roguelike', instead of being able to pick the game up immediately when you die and try again doing something fun like exploring an unknown cavern and collecting loot or what have you, you're forced to rebuild your entire house once again from literally nothing. If this review is starting to seem repetitive, that's because that's what the game is like.In conclusion, one gets the feeling that the game was primarily designed for people who are unemployed, don't have kids, and probably can't be bothered to cook for themselves, or generally do any of the other things that people value their time for. Like writing reviews."
,Not Recommended,249570,13544004,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Excession,"Massive online multiplayer?there's like, 8 people.Seriously do not bother with this one!"
76561198089031078,Not Recommended,249570,13177112,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,oddity,"Game was fun enough in the past, but now there's so few houses around it is all but unplayable."
76561197988207508,Not Recommended,249570,8919641,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Garth,"This game is not as good as I expected. I feel I paid 11.99 (25% off) for a game with content not worth more then 6.00 at its best.Game has brutal sounds, when there is sound that is. SO! all in all I do not recommend this game unless its 75% off at the least."
,Not Recommended,249570,21646731,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Haydon,2 ppl playing currently
76561198047556654,Not Recommended,249570,13382354,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Katzen 4 U,"Nobody Plays It!But it's been remade with a sci-fi theme, and it's free! (Called terminal heist, if you're interested)"
76561198062937215,Not Recommended,249570,13604384,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Chi Rae Gero,"I played this game a year ago and it is completely not worth playing any more. The community is dead and only rich players who ruin your new house when it gains any value remain. I have not been able to let my house sit while I sleep without being reduced to 0 worth as of late.Since I don't have the luxury of time to camp my house hour after hour, the game is broken for me. It was fun while it lasted. I hope this type of game gets a reboot with more content."
76561198005616119,Not Recommended,249570,8959135,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Jon,"This game is really close to being great in my opinion, but as it currently stands, I can't really reccomend it.The game suffers from a couple major problems in my opinion. The first is that the risk reward ratio of robbing a house generally just isn't worth it. If you really commit to trying to make it through a house, you are far more likely to die than you are to make it through, the survival rates on most the listed houses back this up. The fact that you will fail to rob the house is not the problem however, the problem is how harshly you are punished for failing. You lose everything, your house, your money, Everything, and have to start the game over from scratch. Because of this, nobody ever wants to try to rob anyone else once they have a decent amount of money and a house established. 99% of the people who try to rob you have just started a new character and have not yet invested any time in building their own defenses (you can tell they are brand new because they are only worth $200 bounty if they die to one of your traps). The strategy tends to be to spawn a new character, spend the starting $2000 on robbery gear, and try to rob a house that has around $10k and build your house with the money. After that you don't rob houses anymore and you just sit back and watch people try to rob you.If the game were to make failure less punishing I think things could be a lot more interesting. I do think having permadeath in the game is probably a good idea because it leads to people building new traps and whatnot, but I don't think permadeath should be the punishment for your first failure.I think that with each death players should have to pay an increasing sum of money, starting low but working up to large amounts, and if they can't pay then they suffer permanent death of their current character. Perhaps the amount increment would drop over time as well so you never reached a point where the cost was so high a character would never try to rob a house again.I'm not sure my suggestion is the perfect solution, but I really do feel that the game would be considerably more fun if players other than brand new characters were trying to commit robberies as well."
,Not Recommended,249570,8939107,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Welkin,"This game has an amazing concept that is close to working, with a few problems. Imagine this, a game where you design base defenses and attack other player's defenses, and if you die (either on your own or the other players... yes you need to navigate your own defenses) you start completely over.It's a really fun game, but the problem is how you get money, by having people attack your base or attacking other people. To be any degree of safe you need to buy items to go attack people, which costs money (that you don't have in the beginning). If your base gets raided you lose half your money and all your items (which consists of most of the money if you are killing people with your defenses). People will also attack you when you are logged off. The amount of items people will bring as well as their commitment to attacking is based on how much money you have, so you need a powerful enough defense to defend against the level of player willing to attack you. This takes constant monitoring because if you don't return to your house every so often, the money value will increase past the level of defenses and people will destroy your house and you will be worse than square one.So I would only recommend this game if you want to constantly monitor and be wary of your house, as this escalation will continue even when you try to 'log out'. It was fun for a while, but after I realize there was no way to 'turn off' the game to take a break from it, you can't play this game unless you're willing to commit.Here is an example of what the game plays like----------This is how I got a really super powerful house, and how I lost it:I got lucky and broke into several low level houses with a couple low level items, and got enough money to make a fairly powerful house. I sat this house at the ~3k value range (by spending all excess money on improvements) allowing people to continually die and upgrading every 30 minutes. You need to continually upgrade to keep the value lower and prevent people from breaking in with more items.Once the house was powerful enough I sat it at the ~30k value range - people were now breaking in with a LOT of items, but my house could stand up to them! Well, after several hours of letting people break in and upgrading I logged out - thinking this would make my house inaccessible - and went to sleep. Later that day I logged in and found my house has reached  over 300k value (woah), but someone broke in and stole everything, leaving me with half my cash money which was around 3k gold (most the value was in items), and also having to fix all the destruction to my house (which stays when someone is successful). After fixing the problems I had 300 gold left, which does not attract anyone to break in and die.Since I had no money to invest in items and noone was dying I tried raiding low level houses without items, but most of the ones I ran into were ones similar to mine, obviously a lot of money was sunk into them but they had very little cash reserves likely due to someone raiding them.I ended up dying by accidentally walking to my own pit in my own house after trying to make my house easier to break into to tempt lower level players... time to start over.-----Every time I start to get the ball rolling I hit a random snag here or there: someone finds a way to break traps I didn't think about, I accidentally fall for a trap I think I'm being safe about, I accidentally die in my own house due to having to run my entire defenses every time I make a change, etc.Each snag does make me a better player, but also makes me have to start over again... and without good luck (or maybe a friend who can go die in your house) getting that ball rolling is difficult."
,Recommended,249570,9336565,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Alessandro Silva,"EDIT:This review is obsolete. It describes what the game was like when the community was vivid and bustling (it was a very fun game back then). Nowadays almost no one plays this game and the few houses that remain are very much unbreakable.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------In order to enjoy this game you need to accept it's rules:*There's not going to be any hand-holding, you're supposed to learn how to play the game by trial-and-failure. Some of the best experiences from this game come from experimenting by your own initiative and gradually learning better methods to build and destroy trap systems. Tutorials would only ruin all the fun of learning by dying or getting robbed.*This is not a puzzle game.Don't come in with any illusions that you are going to be able to simply figure out the solutions to other players houses by using your smarts. Efficient homes are designed in such a way that their solution cannot be seen and if you try to take a guess the odds will be staggeringly against you. In order to defeat a home what you really need is to make the best use of your available tools in order to disable the houseowner's traps.*There is a big gap between the experienced players and the newcomers, but it's a fair one.There is no 'leveling up' or gaining 'experience' for killing enemies here, the only thing that separates the veterans from the noobs is the very things that The Castle Doctrine is all about; tactics and deception. The players who are up in the top are there solely because they know how to manage their risks and have figured out techniques to build houses that are very hard to penetrate. You won't stand a chance against the home of a top player before you have learned how to scout and hold a sizable wealth of your own.*This game requires patience.You start with only $2000 and that will not be enough money to build a house that will make you reasonably safe from other players. In order to build a decent house you need use your starting 2k to buy tools and rob richer players, in this process of trying your luck against the rich you will die (a lot), but you need to keep trying because eventually you will succeed. Then, after your success, it's time to stop dying and start seeing other players die in the deathtrap that you have built for them.*This is a frustrating game and you need to be careful.Due to the permadeath mechanic you can lose everything that you have worked on due to one single wrong step. This rather harsh rule actually makes the game far more interesting and tense, it means that every time you defeat another player you get the knowledge that he has been completely ruined and additionally it means that you become afraid of your own house because every time you make a modification to it you are supposed to go into your own deathtrap and reach your safe in order to prove that what you have created is solvable, during these 'self-tests' you can die. You will feel in your own skin how this machine that you have created to kill other players can be extremely dangerous even to yourself.*Your family is supposed to be a burden.Just like in real life, eh? In this game you play the role of the father of a stereotypical white american nuclear family in the 90's, you have the duty and responsibility of protecting them. Other players will try to kill your wife and kids because they are a weakness and killing them can make your home more vulnerable.*The goal is just to stay alive.There are really no overarching goals in this game other than trying to survive and rising above other players in the charts. However, all homes eventually fall. Even if you make a house so good that it kills practically every burglar that enters it you still cannot avoid attracting the attention of the more skilled and well equipped thieves and once those guys set their sights on your home theywilltake you out... Unless you can take them out first, but for how long can you keep others from emerging?If you can accept those things and if you refuse to rage quit you're going to realize that The Castle Doctrine might quite be the best multiplayer out there. Also: Visit the official forums, we have a nice community and it's fun to share your gameplay experiences there."
76561198039364157,Recommended,249570,9096746,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,daymaster,"This is a great game, but you really gotta go into it with the right mindset. Your going to get crushed many times. Your family will be killed. Your defenses will be destroyed. Your going to walk into houses and see dogs that kill you minutes later. You should expect your character to last until you logoff at best.That being said it is quite fun building mazes and puzzles to thwart players. You need to think like a robber and try to trick people into walking into the traps on scouting runs. The most fun I have is seeing how far I can have somebody walk into my house before they see the dog that beats them to the entrance.Robbing is quite fun as well, though I must admit the because I lack skill/ am a chicken I am more of a murderer then a cat burgler."
,Not Recommended,249570,13871286,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,maciel,If this game was about $1 I would say go for it maybe at that price the community would come back to life. But sadly this game is $16 and the Developers have long ago abandoned it along with it's entire community. The Idea of this game was really great and I enjoyed it greatly but it had a very big flaw in the game where it was extremely hard to get more money except for waiting for new players to join and not know how to play and steal their stater 2k. If you some how got lucky and had tons and tons of money you would end up making this crazy impenetrable fortress of timers and traps that no one could ever break into. The Poor would stay poor and the Rich would get richer. I greatly enjoyed the satisfaction of making a maze full of traps and watching people try my maze along with finally breaking through a house but it was very rare it was either rich people or broke people and the Developers did nothing about it and let the game die and kept the price for the very low developed game very High. This game is impossible to play with out other players and it's dead don't buy it unless it's $1 for that faint chance they try to save this game.
76561198007864371,Not Recommended,249570,11064941,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,lawalk30,"Brilliant concept and really enjoyed playing the game. HOWEVER, the game needs a player base (its not a solo game) and active player numbers are very low. The developer has already moved onto other projects and while the price is still high then I cant recommend. The prices should be reduced to encourage a higher player base, or like me, you may feel you have been robbed both in and out of the game!!"
,Recommended,249570,9077015,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Beargod,"Very interesting 'game' here.You create a puzzle for other people to solve when they are breaking into your house. Depending on what tools they bring with them and how good they are, your traps either kill them, or they steal your money.Probably too hard for most people, but if you have experience with Electrical Engineering/Computer Science you may find this amazingly addictive.Think of it as an MMO version of the old ""Spy vs Spy"" game from the 80s."
,Not Recommended,249570,23257032,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Shagie,This game relies entirely upon that 'massively' part of the multiplayer tag. It lacks that aspect and is now a wasteland of bordeom and abandoned houses.
,Not Recommended,249570,13246939,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Sygger,It's Dead. Simple as that.
76561198007617569,Not Recommended,249570,30532205,Posted: 15 March,all,Smegskull,This needs a remake that is less hard core and more fun.The gameplay idea in this is great but the barrier to entry (barrier to fun) is huge.The houses still up are too intricate for new players to afford and there aren't enough new players to build up a budget.I want a private server for this game to play it with 10-20 friends but as it exists it just isn't a game any more.
76561198083130086,Not Recommended,249570,30297424,Posted: 3 March,all,ThePigeonHero,"This game has immense potential, and theoretically infintie possibility. But dont buy it on steam, theyre arent enough players to engage with, and the process becomes frustrating and tedious. Get it on its website, dont make the same mistake i did."
,Recommended,249570,9009296,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Jack,"The Castle Doctrine is a highly original video game filled with challenges for even the best chess players. The gameplay is split between two tasks: building defenses to protect your vault and your family, and raiding your neighbors' houses for money and tools. The layers of planning that a good home defense require are extensive, and numerous strategies exist for both creating and overcoming creative traps.The economy of the game is intelligently designed- players begin with enough money to build basic traps and buy tools for raiding. The tools, in essence, are used for destroying traps- and the more expensive the tool, the better the traps it can break. Balancing your funds between upgrading your own security and breaking into others' houses is a challenge.The tricky part comes when you have to test your defenses. Any defense you build must let someone (hypothetically) reach your vault without any tools. (It should be noted that it does not have to be possible to reach the family unarmed, so as long as there are no traps in their path, one could line the hallway to one's family with pit bulls.) Unfortunately, it is possible for someone's house to become impregnable when it is raided- mobile creatures (such as pit bulls) could end up in positions that guarantee that no one else gets through to the vault. In addition, a vault that has been raided becomes empty, and reaching it no longer grants the raider an escape. This is part of the risk inherent in robbery though: it's always possible that someone else has screwed things up for you to get their own share of the loot.There is one major flaw in the game, however. When testing your own security to prove it can be breached, accidentally triggering a deadly trap kills you, forcing you to start over. You can test these traps with various devices that indicate electric current without harming you, but it can be a pain when you have to start fresh because of a small mistake in building your own house. This part of the game seems unnecessary, as it only punishes players who make dumb mistakes designing their defenses, and the punishment is death.All things considered, The Castle Doctrine is a great game if you want a fun, challenging robbery sim that lets you play both sides."
76561198080647536,Not Recommended,249570,8952323,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,JohnPodesta,"What a waste of money, would have payed 2$ but not more. The worst thing is not the lack of graphics or content though. The game is very tough for beginners, basically you cannot build any useful defense with the start money. The gap between the noobs and the ""pros"" is huge, so it ends up being pure luck either you find someone with no house at all (also boring to rob) or someone with 100 pitbulls, the latter being in the majority it seems. It's not even much skill based, you just have to be rich enough to put all those dozens of dogs to sleep or shortcircuit all these electric floors that the rich people spam in their houses (ok, I admit the skill lies in acquiring the money to fill your backpack with enough tools). The weirdest thing is that you are better off with your family dead, so you don't have to leave a completely open path for them to escape..."
,Not Recommended,249570,8913853,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Grendel,"It's nearly impossible to start this game. Everyone is so much better than you and you have almost nothing to defend your safe with. This game requires a lot of work, so do not buy this game if you don't want to get really involved. To all of you who like this game, I respect your opinion but this game just isn't for me."
,Recommended,249570,8969023,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,OuterMoon,I only cried twice in 30 minutes.10/10
76561198002978631,Not Recommended,249570,8978679,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,decaiy,"My advice: Buy it when the price drops to 5$ishAs a loving family father:Your family gets shot. You build something totally unfair and after awhileYou decide to lower your guard. It will still be unfair but not anymore for rich players.Eventually someone makes it through, robs you and... well that's it.You could restart but there is no point in doing so -You saw it all, the fun is gone.because......as a robber: You go in with lots of items. You make it to the vault. Done.That's practically the game. It's not bad it just lacks replayability."
,Not Recommended,249570,9088859,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,[KuK] the herb pantagruelion,"Fundamentally an interesting but simple little puzzle game. Packaged up with a controversial message it still isn't worth full price however. I'd say get it on a $5 deal but the developer has stated he 'doesn't believe in sales' (guy really needs to look at the data of when people rake it in, and especially should talk to Paradox) - Not worth it at full price!Also, it looks like♥♥♥♥♥ get this faux pixel♥♥♥♥♥♥out my face ♥♥♥♥♥ its 2014 your pixels aint supposed to be half an inch on the screen"
,Not Recommended,249570,21841046,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Avian,"A game with an interesting concept that suffered from the all-too-common problem of disappearing devs. There are other variants of this game that have a decent player-base still, with actual developement, if you care to search. For this game, however, the price tag is way too much and did not help the dwindling player-base."
76561198097755907,Not Recommended,249570,14739853,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dr Ethan,"i bought this game a while ago and look at my game play hours, even then it was very hard with either super rich people that is almost imposible to break into or sorta rich to no money at all people who half of them had thier safe already broken into, so you could barly get money to make yours good so in general it wasnt fun for me. and now no one plays so it is even less fun then it was so in general i do not recomend it in its state now or ever."
,Recommended,249570,9048444,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,ColourOf3,This game is hard but the pay off is amazing. the feeling of watching annother human fall into your trap and force them to suicide. and the feeling of utter loss when you make a stupid mistake and get your self killed by a miss step. the stakes are high.
,Not Recommended,249570,9004598,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,butt problems,"The core mechanic of this game is essentially building and attempting puzzles; and that core is fantastic. I really enjoy planning and laying out my house, and (to a lesser extent) I like trying other peoples houses. Unfortunately this enjoyable part of the gameplay is surrounded by some really frustrating and boggling mechanics.The permadeath means that once I've finished setting up my initial house I can't risk going out to rob others' houses as I'll probably quickly die thus wasting the time spent on my own house. So I build my house and leave it to be robbed by others and see how well I did. Unfortunately people will quickly turn up with a backpack full of tools and smash a path straight through my house. Once my house is inevetibly robbed I'll have no money left and will be unable to perform even basic repairs to my house, let alone improve my design. So I must go out and rob other houses or commit suicide (effectively equivalent options).I really think this game would be much better if it removed the permadeath and a lot of the money mechanics, and instead focused more on the puzzle aspect perhaps including leaderboards and tallies for houses/thieves."
76561197977222567,Recommended,249570,26309251,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pyrodyne,"Create death mazes and compete in them to steal and keep cash, upgrade your death maze, and hope your family can survive.While it's an interesting premise, the implementation is a bit annoying - if you don't continually play the game, someone will crack your maze and loot your gains. Tools you spend money on are lost with each play, rather than being consumed as they are used only.It was a good diversion for a while but hasn't stayed at the top of my picks to actually play in the long run.While making a good maze will protect your stolen gains, it is just as easy to make a really lousy maze that is tedious to play - in that case, most players that make an attempt will merely leave.Testing your own maze can kill you, also ending your game. A bit punishing if you are making a very intricate maze, which you need to keep afloat.While it is fun for a while, expect that eventually you will have seen most puzzles people can cook up and it will get old.Can play casually over time, most runs are pretty short."
,Not Recommended,249570,8926085,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,JaxwingDuck,"This is the worst $12 I have spent on a game. Most of the time you spend building traps for your own house. There is no 'how to' for constructing and wiring up your house, and the perma-death is a pain because if you die in someone elses house you have to start your own house from scratch again.If you want to buy a perma-death survival game...buy Rust."
,Not Recommended,249570,8945400,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Space Walrus,"The game's concept is very interesting, and is what drew me in at first. I bought this game expecting to build a fortress to defend my wife, and my money. Little did I realize that 95% of your time is spent building your fortress. Don't get me wrong, this is the most fun part of the game, building your house. But in the time that I've played, about an hour or so, I find myself not building new designs, but repeating the same design. Why? Because if you die to your own design, you have to start all over. Now, permadeath is great and all, but it's really frustrating to ""test"" your own home and be killed by some flaw you overlooked, and have to restart. From scratch. The game is tedious, frustrating and incredibley boring. I've spent no time even invading another house, because I was testing mine.The worst thing about this game so far though, is that when you complete a test of your house, it immediately makes it available for people to rob. This means that if you were testing with lights and chihuahas, then you're basically screwed. So you lose a couple hundred bucks, right? No big deal. Wrong. Then you don't have enough money to put grates in your house. And since you will just repeatedly get robbed, have no other choice but to commit suicide.Again, I stress, the concept is very interesting and would be a fantastic idea for a video game... Sadly, this game just doesn't hit the mark. I only reccomend this game if you have nothing better to spend $12 on."
76561197991581836,Not Recommended,249570,8975335,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,EagleEye,"I personally would not recomend this game. ive seen alot of people complaining about not having enough money when you start the game, but you do have enough money to make a combination lock with a lot of doors and dogs, and the combination locks some people use is too difficult to guess. would be easier to guess a 4 number lock on a phone."
,Not Recommended,249570,8945360,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Jean-Jacques Falcon,"After hours of playing, I realized the biggest flaws of the game. First of all, it's extremely unbalanced and the starting money the game gives you is absolutely not enough. The game itself begins on a cool concept, but a tremendous amount of mistakes makes it barely playable. And even for the few people who will manage to play it correctly, it won't even be fun for a long time... Last but not least, the game is 15€ ! I know it's still not really high if you compare it to some high-priced games today, but those high-priced games at least can give some fun for more time ! With that money, you could buy much, much better games.While the developers surely had tons of very interesting ideas, once those ideas went into the actual game, it all became a huge mess and surely isn't at all what the developers did intend to do. When I feel like a game disappointed me so much that I wish I never bought it, that's a pretty bad sign, because that's very rare. And I felt that with The Castle Doctrine. I just feel like I wasted money, that's how frustrated it makes me after hours of playing !Also, usually, a lot of games have a single player mode. While this game directly states it's going to be multiplayer only, when a game doesn't have a single player mode, then the multiplayer one really has to be ace. Seeing how this one is flawed and frustrating (and not for good reasons), it doesn't justify spending ""so much"" (for a minimalistic game, I mean) money into it.When I say it's not frustrating for the good reasons, let me explain. In a game like Dark Souls for instance, when you die, it's frustrating. While you lose your souls (the money and experience of the game, which is very important), you do not lose your whole character, meaning that there is an overall progression that can be hindered by those deaths if you are not careful enough, but at least, in addition of being frustrating, it's rewarding. In the Castle Doctrine, I never felt rewarded at any point, even after robbing a high-valued house successfully. Because I could barely make myself a decent defense (and seeing how many griefers there are in the game, it barely counts unless you are REALLY rich)How to sum-up if you didn't felt like reading all of this ? Frustrating and not rewarding, boring, expensive for such a minimalistic game, and the game doesn't match up to the concept. Definitely, I couldn't recommend it to anyone. Watching videos of it and looking at the concept is just filling your head with illusions, seriously."
,Not Recommended,249570,8941744,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Thraka,"I have played this game for 21 hours so far... I give it a 5/10. Please read on to find out why!In the beginning...At first, the game starts out very cool. You're new to everything. There are a lot of tiles to play with. The best way to learn how to make something, is to venture into someone else's house and die. ""Clever..."" you think to yourself, ""I'll use that trap!""After awhile, you learn how things work, so you set off to create your own house. With $2000 starting cash, you don't have a lot to work with. You don't want to spend too much making your house, because the left over money will be what people see, and they won't bother to take the time to try and beat your security for a measly $250-$500.Really, you only have $600-$800 to spend to make sure you attract burglars. Not much in fact. A guard dog costs you around $300. Electrical stuff is cheaper though.To attack, or not to attack...If you decide to venture out and attack others, you can buy tools to help you. The tools let you bypass specific types of security measures. Run into a dog? Use one of your sleep-laden-dog treats. Be careful though, you only have as many as you purchased. And other things like that. Every trap component has a counter of some sort.If you attack someone's house, and decide that their design is just something you won't beat, and you will die trying, you can leave through the front door. However, if you do so, you forfeit all items you purchased to help you break in successfully. If you happen to make it all the way to their safe, you get money, but that is money minus what you spent on tools to make it there. Generally, one way or another, attacking another player, who understands how the game works (which everyone does sooner or later) will end up costing you money because it is hard to break into a decent house without tools.If you happen to become successful a few times, and have built yourself a little stash of money, or you're fortunate enough to have some people attack you and die trying, you will then have enough money to start building some really cool traps. The side-effect of building your own nice house though, you stop attacking others. You won't be looking to die turning some corner 10 seconds into a robbery and then have to start over completely.When you're poor at the start, spend $1000 for tools, and attack a house with $3000. You will come away with more than you started, though it may take you 20 tries to do so. A  bit tedious. When you're rich, or you've built your house, never attack anyone again.ConclusionThis game really has a lot of cool concepts.Pros1. Permadeath is really neat because it gives you a good risk-reward factor.2. The traps and tiles you can place add a lot of variety and allow you to create some really cool things.3. All houses are user-created4. You get to solve puzzles, one section at a time (through fog-of-war, you only see what your character can see)5. The more successful you are, the more you can build.Cons1. Expect to lose, lose, lose, and lose. There really is no way to win. You will die eventually, no way around it, unless you get so much money that you can build an entire fortress within your walls. But then at that point, there is no reason to even play the game any more. You don't want to risk venturing out and losing everything. Your money keeps growing because people want to get a piece of it.2. You cannot build, what you want, how you want, until you have enough money to do so.3. The risk of getting money at the start is very high.4. All houses are user-created. This is generally a good thing. Player made content is fun. However, because of the high risk-reward of the core design of the game, you will see the same cheap and easily duplicated puzzles that without spending lots of money on tools to destroy the house itself, you can never beat.5. There are some bad UI design flaws that hurt you. Want to review how someone attacked your house? You can do so, but while you are reviewing, others may attack you. If you have a lot of money in your house, it may be impossible for you to get in it to fix what others have broken, or even change the design. You cannot even look at your house while it is being broken into. I constantly have the problem of attack after attack without being able to get in my house and fix things.6. No way to save/load your design. You can use an online builder to create and save a design, but you will be reconstructing it in the game piece-by-piece, no zooming in or out to get the big picture.Final ThoughtsBut this game executes these great concepts poorly. It may be that that all of these concepts are actually executed well by this game, but all of these concepts put together just do not work well.The game gives you a great feeling at the start, it's a lot of fun to explore it all. But once you see how it all works, it's like discovering who the Wizard of Oz really is. You'll be handicapped at the start to try and make money so that you can design a cool intricate puzzle that in all reality, only you could ever solve on the first try.So what is the point? Where is all the fun? It's not here. Once more people get tired of the game, and I honestly think they will, the game will fade. It's been stated by the creator it will never, ever, again be on sale. At a cheaper price than it is, say 75% off, lots of players could be introduced to it that would get a kick out of it for awhile, and give the die-hard-masochist fan base some fresh meat to play with, but without it.....dead game"
,Not Recommended,249570,8970001,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cecil,"The core of a fun game is in here - a puzzle solving game where you build devilish traps and post them for the world to try and defeat. Sadly, it's buried under miles of heavy-handed 'Message', and masochistic game mechanics/punishments that simply aren't offset by the level of fun to be had."
76561197985363051,Not Recommended,249570,10315711,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Stolen Valerie,is it bad ? or was i just too stupid to enjoy it ??? welcome to the scary world of massively-multiplayer high-concept gaming
,Not Recommended,249570,8915794,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Petey l-/,This is the worst game I've ever played. 2.2 megabytes of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,249570,9058822,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Technoguyfication,"I wouldn't buy it. Sadly, it looks like the developer is gone. There isn't anything more to do in it and for all intents and purposes the game is dead."
76561198100632025,Not Recommended,249570,9109610,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,"When I saw it it looked very fun. I had a hard time. It was a very unfun hard time. You start off with $2000 obviously. What you might not know is that in game it is an extremely small amount. Also the positions of the ""base"" will not reset so some people can make the ""base"" impossible to beat. The percentage of ""bases"" that I invaded all of them where impossible to beat."
76561198043981775,Not Recommended,249570,9225565,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Most handsome,Pretty fun but NOT worth 15.99 usd
76561197966003977,Not Recommended,249570,9117050,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,XP-Lionheart,If I only had more thumbs.
76561198039149960,Recommended,249570,9073994,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,honeyham420glazeit,Like a top down hardcore mode version of portal where life gives you the finger and the rich keep getting poorer
76561197986715370,Recommended,249570,9236041,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,BoxDrunken,The Best and worst moments in gameing...
,Recommended,249570,9009464,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,The Frederick,"This game is a very interesting experiment which I believe will spawn more games like it in the future. There is no need to describe it because the description on the Steam page is spot on.The developer has made a truly difficult game which in no way holds your hand. You have to rebuild your design each time you die, so right off the bat it encourages you to be extremely careful when you enter other houses.My only problem with the game is it allows building of very complex mechanisms through its wiring system, which might not be a bad thing, but I just can't get over the fact that it is actually impossible to walk through most houses using your wits to defeat the traps alone. You need to use tools to brute force the certain traps which are just (lucky guess to get through) traps.I suggest this game because it is something very different than anything I have played before, and a think most will agree. It is a ruthless game which is in no way simple, and you will die, and you will lose stuff you worked hard for, but the challenge will keep you going, and you will get smarter and better as you play."
,Not Recommended,249570,14588654,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Morning Dove,"Very repetative, very fast.  It'd be nice if you had a save design feature."
,Not Recommended,249570,10762992,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lewisem,"This game has a brilliant idea, but produces it horribly. There is NO instructional video, however I am using Mac, so I am unsure about it on Windows, but I was basically left to search the internet only to find little-to-no info on what to do.I regret my £12.49. Don't make the same mistake, RESEARCH THIS GAME BEFORE BUYING, PLEASE."
,Not Recommended,249570,14306774,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,PettyOfficer Barkeep Jim,It was once a great game... However... this game is no-longer supported.
,Not Recommended,249570,9490155,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Based Depression,0/10 do not reccomend
76561198043057912,Not Recommended,249570,8928629,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,pizzaboy323,"This is Game isn't as good as the Trailer made it seem, it is quite simple but Not something that you want to keep playing over and over again"
76561198034143240,Not Recommended,249570,8959358,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Koryiaki,"No tutorial, no tooltips, crashes/disconects from server result in perma death, anyone with coding experience can cheat by altering the source code and using it on server.  Really just read the forums, look at the metacritic, there really isn't anything more to say."
76561198082508409,Not Recommended,249570,30198394,Posted: 26 February,all,the harry potter and ksi special,"this game would have been really fun if it wasnt for the ability to make ""1/10 chance of choosing the right door"" puzzles, and the lacking ability to copy a house you previusly made."
,Not Recommended,249570,14555367,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kitty Rampage,This game is dead. It was an fun concept while it lasted but the developer has massively overpriced this title. There just aren't any new players. As a title that requires online players to actually function in any real capacity buying it now would be a waste of money. Maybe if the price is ever dropped to about half of what it is now.
76561198034924308,Recommended,249570,9078099,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Coelacan,"Before buying this game I read a lot of negative reviews, but the premise seemed so intriguing.I took a chance and I am really glad I did. Play isn't limited by money, so much as ones creativityOne thing to be warned, the game is very dark."
76561198042508733,Recommended,249570,9011487,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Toastii,"This game will make you throw your dog out the window, and set your house on fire."
76561198136471145,Not Recommended,249570,14078211,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Who,This game has the possibility of being good but it is extremely hard to get anyway in this game. i would not recommend getting this game.
76561198004957814,Recommended,249570,8971734,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Krimes,"After abit of poking from friends (a big thank you too Yorkie & Griff) i decided to get past the basic graphics and give this a go.I must say I had been intrigued by the concept from the start and if your totaly honest with yourself it appeals too our dark side of griefing other players.there is no team work co-operation bargining trading guilds leagues ..... its just you, oh and the loving wife and kids. Who strangely dont seem to matter as much as your money when your robbed. I've watched many a UTube vid where father arrives home and the missus and kids have been brutely executed in all the glorious 8bit detail and he casualy walks past their corpses lamanting about the money he has just lost and thinking of how he can upgrade his security. Life goes on I guess.The game is deceptively simple to learn but hard to master. I had a good understanding of what needed to be done within half an hour but then I found myself working on my house for the next 3 hours trying to get the right balance of false sense of security for anyone wishing to come into my welcoming home and death around every corner for said person once hes taken 10 steps. Then theres the carrot, sure you could spend your $2000.00 starting cash on everything barring the kitchen sink (please note there are actualy no kitchen sinks in the game at this time) but whos going to try and rob you if their risking death for 3 bucks. That $2000.00 start up money isn't looking as generous as it did 10 seconds ago is it.Happy with my death house from hell with a nice little carrot of $638.00 I headed out to partake in the second part of the game robbing everyone else blind. So after taking 11 steps into my first house ready to rob the rich and give to the poor, namely me, I found my self well and truly screwed. All I can say Mr Francis Dukis' wont have to feed that pitbull for a week due to the abundance of my carcess it threw around the place.I had just discoverd the joys of my first permadeath! House gone , Wife and Kids gone (probably went off and married pitbull Dukis') my money gone and 3 HOURS of REAL LIFE GONE!!!. So back i went to my new life and started all over vowing to never die again ... yea right.Overall this game is very promising the concept is fantastic and dark. I would like to think they will expand the crimes you can commit with the end result a dystopian society like in the movie ""The Purge"". If you do not know what this movie is google is your friend.No doubt there are a lot of traps and equipment to be added to the game but from what i've read the developers are extremily commited to the game wanting the finished product to give the best possible gaming experience to us, the guys who pay the bills.If I had one grip it would be that there needs to be something implemented sooner than later so you actually care what happens to your family instead of them just being cannon fodder.I feel the game is a solid 7 out of 10 at this stage of development.So get past the 8bit graphics (I did) and buy this game you wont regret it, it is only going to improve from here.Now if you'll excuse me I must go and have a meet and greet with my new family ....... goddamn permadeath."
,Not Recommended,249570,8982214,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,F1R3F1GHT3R,This game sux. And I have never typed in a review before.
,Not Recommended,249570,20851392,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"Don't buy! This is a waste of money!This was a cool idea, but badly executed. It is one of the only games on my Steam library that I wish I wouldn't have bought.I was brought in by the alpha version in Let's Play videos, but once I got the game: it was nothing like it was in the alpha stage. Only way to succeed in this game is through exploitation. It is currently unbalanced and broken.Again, concept is great, but this version needs A LOT of work for it to be worth buying."
,Recommended,249570,8957318,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Peregrine,This might be the most creative game I've ever played. Complexity and simplicity somehow rolled together into what may be the most brutal MMO to date. I cannot express how great this game is.
76561198098643084,Recommended,249570,8992294,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,CriticalMammal,"The concept and design of this game often cross into brilliant territory. I haven't had a game make me feel so clever in a while. I spent the first few hours of the game meticulously setting up my maze of traps that involved making some cats flip some switches that activate some electric floor panels behind any potential intruder. I found myself engrossed with the idea of trying to create something to outsmart another player. It worked... and worked again... yes I thought, this is marvelous.Then someone cut down a wooden wall that led to my family, shot down my wife and brutally clubbed my children to death. Oh my. I wrote down his name with some idea of revenge planted in my head. Then I thought about it and realized this game was leading me down a dark path. I started working on my house again...This isn't to say that I don't think the game has some issues with balance and some other areas. I find that you want to often save a fair amount of money on a new life to make yourself a nice juicy target for some burglar. This is odd I thought to myself... I want people to break into my house. Without them I'll have no income... unless I go out and rob other people. I tried to rob other people but I soon found that other people's deathtraps rely heavily on presenting you with so many paths you're bound to fail at some point or another. Without tools you'll have no way to escape from a deadly situation, but I spent most of my money on my house... and tools are expensive.Essentially I found that the game presents you with a paradox of sorts. While it wants you to realize that being a robber or killing people in your house isn't a good thing, it doesn't really give you any other option. There is no honest living in this game, you either steal lives in self-defense or you go out and rob other people's houses.Still though, through all of this I still would recommend this game. The thrill of trying to outwit other players is too satisfying of an experience. I'm not sure I've ever really played anything quite like it. It's tense and everything feels weighty. It's really something how this game creates such a cynical atmosphere."
76561198113707409,Recommended,249570,9268198,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Gilesss,dis game is beast! come rob my house guys!!!
,Not Recommended,249570,9791500,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,~x666xBL00D3MPER0Rx666x~,it sucksnobody plays itdont buy this abomination of a game
,Not Recommended,249570,9112369,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,z00,sucks balls
,Not Recommended,249570,9264152,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,JoistPulley,Just a little help in getting started would be excellent. This doesn't have that.
76561198107583594,Not Recommended,249570,9325208,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,F.R.I.E.N.D.S Season 4,this game is not amuzing as it is in the trailer. dont get it. its very bad. worth $1.00
76561198046174742,Not Recommended,249570,9513462,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Delverino,This game is awfulIt is boring and hard to play.PLEASE NO ONE ELSE SPEND MONEY ON IT.I was shorted out 16 bucks for nothing
,Not Recommended,249570,9642944,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Lama Rage Kine,"pretty idea, but terribly inbalanced.seems like others (still) have houses that are only do-able with tools?"
76561197981929135,Not Recommended,249570,9971625,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,RedSnowMan,"As much as I'd want to recommend this game, I can't. It's horribly skewed against new players, and the gameplay contains a broken mechanic. You have a family. You're supposed to keep them safe, and that provides an incentive to leave an open escape path. Most people leave their families right at the door and let them get killed. Then they don't have to worry about them, and they can make codelocks that are simply 1:1000 chances of getting the loot/dying which simply can't be beaten."
76561198014503780,Not Recommended,249570,11915990,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Noodles,"Good concept but it has been abandonded, so no one plays anymore :( dont waste your time"
76561198017393660,Not Recommended,249570,24152714,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AWOL Atom Bomb,"I must say straight off that i really love this game, i have had it for a very long time and I have became very good at this game. Sadly the game has died and it is imposable for any new players to get into the game due lack of players and when you start a new game, experienced players with lots of cash/tools will come in to your house and bugger you over quickly. I don't see the game coming back untill the developer adds in some sort of system to stop high/rich players from straight away accessing new houses who can't defend themselves."
,Not Recommended,249570,34425372,Posted: 22 August,all,stoic,"I am ashamed to have to write a negative review for a game that I have enjoyed countless hours playing. At its current state, The Castle Doctrine is unplayable due to its extremely low player-base. Although the game is rogue-like and unforgiving, two of its qualities that contribute to an intense and immensely enjoyable experience, the game is dead. Unfortunately, the developer refuses to put the game up for sale, which is a foolish decision on his part, especially considering all of the hard work that must have went into conceptualizing and developing the game. If a lack of players isn't something that phases you, buy the game and try your hand at robbbing the few houses that remain. If you'd prefer a game with a more active population, I suggest looking elsewhere."
76561198124989709,Not Recommended,249570,9760537,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,christianstamm94,"This game was terrible, absolutly terriblr. 0 of 20 stars"
76561198011748578,Recommended,249570,9195404,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,dougbtv,"Absolutely innovative play-style. It's like an MMO ""Chips Challenge"" with a level builder, with perma-death and an intriguing moral dilemma. The learning curve isn't long for the basic mechanics, but... Actually competing with the players that are good? That takes a while. I can't yet design a castle that lasts overnight, and I can only make ~50% more than starting cash, which degrades the experience. I'm hopeful the developer will eventually tune this so that newer players get a further opportunity to really participate, but... It's currently somewhat irksum and agitating. I say ""I recommend this"" but... Mostly I recommend the innovation and the interesting mechanics, but... not the actual experience. I'm torn."
,Not Recommended,249570,9022030,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,huntjp123,"Interesting concept, but way to overpriced for the poor quality.  Would be ok for $5..  At $15?  Stay away!The good:Interesting conceptUnique indieThe bad:Some elements don't seem flushed out - ie one use tools.. Lack of instructions or hints on what to do.Poor visuals / soundway to overpriced"
76561197970118399,Not Recommended,249570,9018293,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Gieku,"Poorly balanced game, solving puzzles relies mostly on trial and error. I was lured by idea, it seemed original, but the way it is implemented is just bad.Wasted money"
76561198037769394,Not Recommended,249570,10058526,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,BDTA,"I'd like to start by saying I heard about this game via YouTube and the series i watched was incredible enjoyable. I decided to give the game a shot since it looked at the very least decent. I picked it up while it was on sale and using some tips from the series I watched and reddit I made a simple house with a commitment trap and a electric floor lock out type trap as well as gave my wife a shot gun. I went out and got lucky with a few houses that had been broken into but not robbed... this is where I noticed one of the first major problems, if your wife is alive and you have a decent amount of money her death is enough for some people since they'll get half and any damage they have done to your house will remain (whereas if they die it gets fixed). Death of the wife seems to be higher up on some peoples lists if they can afford a gun, (guns have a range of 2 spaces whereas your wife's shot gun has a range of 1) and as such people will ""dance"" near the entrance or search for your family to get them to make their way to the door. I've also noticed that people will occasionally just enter someone's house to mess it up and kill a family member, probably in revenge for stealing their money. So, after I had some decent cash and upgraded my home significatly I let it sit for a while to see how many people I'd kill, and what I'd get with my house. for the most part I'd have people entering the house, taking 2~5 steps then backing out once they saw a commitment trap or a dog, or even just a door... the only time I'd see someone stay longer is if they had a full bag of tools that usually cost more than my savings, and even then most people wouldn't stay in very long and even would back out before they robbed my house. When someone finally successfully robbed my house they also killed my wife, leaving me with a broken home and absolutely no money. At this point it was virtually impossible for me to ""recover"" as most houses that I would go to rob had only a few dollars in them and were too risky, I ended up just starting over, which leads me to another major flaw... the prices of just about everything. All robbery tools cost hundreds of dollars, most effective house defense stratagies cost thousands in total, and the most effective are also incredibly cheap feeling as they are mostly combo locks after a commitment trap and the wrong combo permenantly locks you in the house while locking off the safe forever causing you to have to suicide. I feel if you were given some materials to build and rob with at the beginning of a ""fresh start"" and you kept your materials after surviving a hosue 2000 wouldn't be a bad starting point but as it stands it's barely enough to protect anything. Also normal doors can't be locked... which is just silly to me, the game lets you buy an electric locking thick metal door for a few hundred dollars, but we can't find a simple lock for a door. the purpose a lock on a normal door could hold would be to waste a ""movement turn"" breaking the lock(no tools, just slamming into it with your shoulder or something) and causing everything/everyone within a certain radius to notice someone's in the house. It could also act as a way to block off your family (they'd have keys) so that they don't need a very very obvious escape route, as mentioned int he video they need an escape route that's 100% obsticle free (aside from dogs).Originally there was a ""salary"" that your character and your wife(if your wife died it was just your salary) would earn while you where away from the game (more the more time you where not playing) to suppliment stealing and house defense, it also made more sense that you where out of the house when you where getting robbed that way. But they took it out I assume to controll the money flow of the game and as a balancing attempt... but I think it unbalanced the game more than it helped and it made it so that there is truely no recovery from having your wife killed and your house robbed (barring getting lucky as hell while robbing someone with more than $50 and a broken home...Some commonly used traps/deturants that can be considered ""cheap tactics"" include:""leaps of faith"" where they have an open trap door that you're supposed to assume a cat/dog will activate and close as you step onto it""Commitment traps"" such as an electric grill flooring or an electric door that locks/turns on as you pass it so there is no turning back and it's pretty much get the money or die trying scenario.""death traps"" there are many of these that are usually hidden behind commitment traps and literally force you to die, a simple one is to hide a cat around a corner behind some glass and cover the floor in grills so it looks like a simple commitment trap, but once they turn the corner they scare the cat and it hits a switch frying the person on the plates, another variant is the same thing but uses a small dog to run towards you.""Dog traps"" basically dogs behind doors that lead to no where, again when paired with a commitment trap this can be deadly...So many ways to trap people in this game, some are super easy to make, some are very expensive and most are not effective by them selves and require at least a few to protect your money.Overall this game has a great concept and a decent execution, but it has some major flaws and some major balancing issues.As it stands I would not reccomend this game. I think it needs to be improved in many ways before I'd say give it a shot, especially for the $16 asked for it, if it was maybe $5  I'd say give it a shot and if you don't like it... hell at least it'd only be $5 spent."
76561198031852730,Not Recommended,249570,20529694,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,halfs13,"Not worth buying. Veteran players know all the tricks so new players will die immediately which means you will never really get any better, and there are too few new players to practice against while avoiding the same set of tricks. Game is mostly dead and steadily dying worse it seems"
76561198017080543,Not Recommended,249570,21242630,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Timmy the Tooth,"From what I've played of it, it's more akin to a FTP mobile game then a paid for PC game. I got the impression the dev is a bit of a prima dona, from the way he did the ""last chance to get a discount"" to pretty much abandoning the game. I only wrote this review because I couldn't get the game refunded (think I purchased it before the refund option was available) and wanted to make sure people stay far away from this garbage."
,Not Recommended,249570,14281246,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dzejkob,"I bought this game because the idea looked great, but after playing for a while I got very disapponted.The gameplay is totally unballanced and the idea of losing EVERYTHING on death is just bad. Furthermore the game is highly overpriced in comparison to it's quality.I strongly don't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,249570,13876596,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,fef,"In The Castle Doctrine you must construct your 'house' to prevent intruders from possibly killing your family, but more importantly, your stash.Sounds pretty neat, huh? Well... There are loads of easily abusable mechanics, such as the ye olde hide an instakill dog behind every door except one, and there are about 30 doors to choose from. Or how about the 'actually cheat' tactic? - there are some houses that are literally unbeatable because the owner cheated in some way, pretty crafty!The game suffered from these flaws, the population never really took off, and the people that were even playing (84 in February 2014) quickly dwindled off and did something more worth their time.By May of that year, the game's population averaged 8 players, and by 2015, 2 people were playing per month, likely the top 2 houses that were just impossible to raid.Here is a steamcharts link to the game, I would bet $10 at any given time there is no more than 1 person playing.http://steamcharts.com/app/249570"
76561198080865702,Not Recommended,249570,20551627,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Nova Scorpion,"Game is dead and price is WAY too high. Not worth, I regret the purchase."
,Recommended,249570,9029515,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Litigate,Ghetto Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,249570,8932790,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Fist,The game is simply not very fun.
76561197974466218,Not Recommended,249570,8920139,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,3lvis,Looked fun ....sadly wasn't. The game as been altered in such a poor direction as to suck all the fun out of it.
,Not Recommended,249570,8907493,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Iamunicron,No guide or tutorial.Don't bother buying this game unless you have alot of time to figure everything out.
,Recommended,249570,10575209,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mercenaryman,Killed myself on a trap in my own house 10/10
76561198079606538,Recommended,249570,9101772,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Danimals,Awesome game!
76561198088536169,Not Recommended,249570,9669871,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,RespectedBeggar,"It gets very boring after about two hours. I had seen a lets play and thought it'd be great to try out for myself, though after a bit i found it to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥. My Opinion - Complete waste of money"
,Recommended,249570,9247876,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Cowthulhu,"Simple. Elegant. Brutal. Deep. All words I would use to describe Castle Doctorine. While it is certainly not for everyone, I would strongly suggest you give it a chance."
76561198068016857,Not Recommended,249570,18592553,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,hotsoup,kill it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,249570,20515168,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Captain Chromosome,It wont tell you how to play and is horrible for new comers. Also the screen is to small and you cant enlarge it. Waste of money.
76561198036096544,Recommended,249570,9112000,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,viral instinct,"Build defences take +20min depending how you do it, leave house, try rob someone, Die. Start all over again. I Want to Enjoy this game but it isnt going to be easy."
,Recommended,249570,9107363,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Lord0fHam,"This game is the bomb, a bomb of nuclear proportions."
76561198034742080,Recommended,249570,9144619,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,RedShirt,"Hard to learn, and frustrating at times, but there's an extremely rewarding experience to be had here!"
,Recommended,249570,9359320,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Revolutionary Evolution,Situational humor in game form. I'd recommend it if you're a fan of zelda esque puzzle games or want to create your own puzzles.
76561197973218214,Recommended,249570,9676768,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,bob-the-builder,"the game is very good. it combines the ingenuity of minecraft , with the dangerous atmosphere of the eve online community, all players are your enemies , you are never in a safe spot"
,Recommended,249570,10477121,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,mrd.jetzal,its fun
76561198042365811,Recommended,249570,10995568,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,LordBaconButt,I guess it's ok.
,Not Recommended,249570,8921824,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Kana,"In a nutshell, a brilliant idea, but execution so awful it's obvious it's the developer's first attempt at making any manner of a game, with possibly little to no experience in the field of game development even in general.For instance, it's entirely possible you spend a good 30-40 minutes wiring up a house to your liking for the very first time, and then you decide to test it out, because the game requires you to.So, you of course test your traps, let's say the electrified floortrap to see what it does, whether it's some sort of humorous zapping animation or something else. What this actually does, is instantly kills you for good, and permanently deletes any of your previous effort on the house.The game has no way of informing you about any of this, and the only way to find out is experimentation. There is no manual, there isn't even a wiki.There are other glaring issues, such as the obvious design of going with a multiple choice lottery where only one of a 5 dozen switches opens the vault, and all the other are lethal. You obviously know which one to press, the chances of an invading player knowing this are neglibly small. Protecting the family is a pointless matter by design, as there are no reasonable ways to protect them whatsoever. Why? They require an entirely trapless (and doorless) way out of your house. There are 3 familymembers. There are no turrets or any sort of traps like that, and the dogs are a joke to dispose of.Such a shame; the idea is worth developing for, but the execution is lacking on all grounds. Please do not waste your money or time with this.Also, i'll just leave 2 figures out here:Sale price: 14,99€Size on HD : 2,2mbThis should tell you how much effort has gone to this game at large, as opposed to how much is being asked for the game.I'd personally rate a similar game, ""The pay-to-win quest for mediocre loot"" above this, and it's obvious how i feel for that one."
,Not Recommended,249570,8950322,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Trezisc,Worst $12 i ever spent dont even bother.
,Not Recommended,249570,12124214,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Tree,"DO NOT BUY THIS!Here's Why:annoying movementpermadeathif you die in everyone else's house, you cannot play anymoreits hard to spend like 3 hours on an eloborate maze and then die to some guy's electric floor trapthere is no difference between many items, though some do cost morethe wires can be annoying too"
76561198082051791,Recommended,249570,15974902,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,alex.j.gough,!
76561198007096935,Recommended,249570,8916569,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,IxIIIxIIIxVII,im recommending this because i care about you and its amazing.  when you buy this though im letting you know now If i cant take your money ill atleast kill your wife. <3s
76561197994787767,Recommended,249570,9059845,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,zagaroth,"Good game, although there are cheaters on it. Its still a fun game to pick up and play. Easy to learn, hard to master."
,Not Recommended,249570,20177085,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ChristMas,";( I really, really know what i'm saying.This game just sucks, i watched videos and i though i would like it but no, i don't.For the first, the price. It's not worth paying 15 euro (or whatever currency you have there) for this. IF it would be 5 euros or so, then it would be better.For the second, there is just a few players soooo... yeah, this is an MMO so it should have thousands of players but it just have 50 or so i guess...For the third, it gets really boring really fast and that's why it's not worth so much.For the fourth... the graphics, i did not expect it to be super ultra new generation graphics or so but it does not even fill my whole screen!For the fifth, it's MMO so it can't be cracked. -.- So you don't have a third choice (only two, buy or don't buy) like ""go install crack and try it before buying it"".For the sixth (did i spell it wrong?), the developer does not take care about this game (yeah i know, wtf) so it does not get better in any way.Why? Why did i buy this s**t? ;;;;(((("
76561198045581848,Recommended,249570,18175999,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Diablo,"The game has ton's to offer, lot's of fun but a steep learning curve and player's that are experienced in trap's build unbreakable houses and control the remainder of the community making it impossible for any new player's to come in and get started since you can only make money by breaking into houses or having player's die in your house, I will add the start up of this game had hundred's of players and people experementing non stop it was actually extremely fun and well done, GET INTO THIS GAME KEEP IT ALIVE DONT BE A CAREBEAR"
,Recommended,249570,18420366,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ChildClownOutlet,"The most physiologically demanding game of all time.  I felt these emotions/effects in games before: adrenaline, fear, being in the zone, pressure, and exuberance.  But Castle Doctrine transcends what it means to 'feel' in a game.  Putting aside the awesome security/reward/strategy/defense/math aspects, this game will make your heart race.  After grinding and amassing a fortune, you can spend hours designing and fortifying your house, only to lose it all after a simple mis-wiring or off-by-one timing of a trap.  And all this, you repeat in your head, you brought upon yourself.  The permadeath without fanfare is the most humbling experience in games.  One second, you are top of the world.  The next, you stare at your screen in jaw-dropped horror, realizing you are trapped in a dead end because you forgot to remove a wall or your wiring connected power to the powered-door directly.This game needs a warning attached:  MAY CAUSE CARDIAC PROBLEMS.I give Jason Rohrer  ""2014 Game of the Year"" for this gem.   I will make a remake of this game in the future.  Will never forget it.As of 10/2015, sadly there are only a handful of players.  When this game had 200+, it was amazing.  Although even today, it still has replay value somehow."
76561198081573852,Recommended,249570,9687656,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ProNoob,I think this game is great...
76561197995108876,Not Recommended,249570,13313272,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,SuperDoge,"Worst game in history, don't spend your money on itEdit: The people who downvoted this comment are probably the makers of the game. Read the other comments, this game is basically dead and had been so for quite some time before they put the game on sale.Problem being, this game is gridlocked by players who have been playing for years, so when the game went on sale a while back, a bunch of people bought it at a discounted price and quickly realized they'd wasted that money and the developer of this game basically just pocketed whatever they didn't have to give to Steam and the IRS without ever trying to fix the problem. If you buy this game, that's who and what you're supporting. Just some information for those seeking it."
,Recommended,249570,13598436,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NightCascade,really fun game
76561198060253272,Not Recommended,249570,15316644,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Zankio,"It's game about protecting your family with ridiculous traps for other thieves to stumble into.The key to the game is learning what you did wrong in your past life and correct it.HoweverIt's most certainly not everyone's piece of cake.I myself struggle to understand it's mechanics, and how anything functions.It MAY be because i haven't spent enough time on it. But as myself, struggle to be intrigued by this game.All i can say is i just simply can't play this much more. It's replayability may be golden for some, but lacks for me."
76561198110008233,Not Recommended,249570,13961292,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,xxjack234,"This has got to be the WORST GAME IHAVE EVER PLAYED, it is messed up when you die once your game starts over and your hard work is gone, i paid £13 for a game as crap as this, the graphics are TERRIBLE, there is no way this is worth the money. I WANT MY MONEY BACK."
76561198049486782,Recommended,249570,8954296,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,[MOOP]Wiggley02,"I love this game!!!!!! I just wish there was some way to save your house. So when you die due to a stupid mistake you made, and you restart, you can just load your house without building it again. (if its under $2000 dollars)"
76561198057212073,Recommended,249570,8947645,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Phonix111186,"Say your name is John Smith. You design the perfect house to the best of your abilities. You step out into the world, you die two steps in because you haven't figured out the dog movement AI yet. No-one even got to see your house.Say you're John Smith XII. You design the same perfect house. You google saving layouts in this game and find nothing. So you painstakingly make the same house again so you can see how it does. Stealing at this point seems too great a risk at any stage unless you are Batman. Still, you are lured in by another player's clever design, and ofcourse die.Say you're John Smith XXXIV. You build an even better house, using your very original clever design to lure people in. It works! People die and drop their cash for you! You find indescribable, truly divine joy as you laugh maniacally at the security tapes and truly know what it is to be an evil genius. And so you add another wing to your dungeon, now it is even more dangerous... Then some rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with 3-5k (a substantial amount) of cash comes and... he dies and drops it! The feeling is indescribable. Only now your vault is actually worth something and you can't go back in because it's currently being robbed. And it turns out, it was Batman. As soon as you get a bit of money in this game, Batman is going to come and get you, and maybe you could stop him if only you could have spent some of that 3-5k cash on a better house...Say you're Phonix111186. You write a review which you're still not sure is positive or negative, but you're sure there are possible improvements implied. Then you go back for more. The truth is, Batman eventually comes for all of us, we all have to live with that eventuality. Perhaps one day, if I get really good at this, I could be Batman. But as Liam Neeson once said, ""There is always a bigger Batman."" There is no 100% completion."
,Recommended,249570,18431333,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,vbucc,Needs AI
,Not Recommended,249570,9067069,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The Tofu Hero,"This is a very clever, unique and interesting game but I can not recommend buying it. In short description you build a very complex system of traps to defend your home and on the other end you attempt to break into other peoples home. Sounds great. Most houses are realistically impenetrable. The game of defending your home has been “beaten” and the best strategies are easy to copy on the web. Death in the game in permanent and you lose everything.From some quick forum reading it seems like the developer is kinda done with the game for the time being. So the great imbalances and lack of fun you feel after an hour of play are not going to be fixed anytime soon."
76561198128470731,Not Recommended,249570,18274117,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Redless,"If you've made it this far you know that the concept for this game is really, really good. Unfortunately, the execution is mind blowingly bad. First and foremost of the problems is the fact that you have to completely rebuild your house after each death, and you cannot go to other houses without doing this. As a result the game will be building house setup, dying to another setup, rebuilding house, over and over again, each time manually. This gets old very quickly.Another issue the game has is its learning curve. It is a very brutal game to learn. This compounds the first problem.Balance in the game is not stellar. Since each profile can only have one house set up at a time, it becomes impossible to test out new traps without demolishing your current house. In addition, the one-house setup encourages folk to just camp out once they have a nice house built, and not go into other homes. They have nothing to gain and everything to lose.Now imagine none of those problems exist. The game is still bad because it is an mmo built around player interaction and almost no one plays it, ever."
76561198049795872,Not Recommended,249570,13190170,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Tangello,"When i bought this game I assumed it was a work in progress, no changes ever were made in an entire year though"
,Not Recommended,249570,11467741,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,BossStompTV,"This is a cool social gaming expiriment but there's little to no game here. I applaud the devs for the creativity that went into this title, but it's not fun for me. You use trial and error (or google, I guess) to try to figure out how various tiles work. You then place them in your house to protect your safe and your family. You then leave your house and attempt to go rob other houses. Death is permanent. Essentially the way the game _seems_ to be played by successful players is manipulating trap logic and little exploits that the new player really has no way of learning without throwing themselves against traps and dying over and over or finding the solution online. There's no real advancement or sense of completion apart from the painting mechanic by which you can show off your leet house-burglaring skills. Just not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,249570,9248542,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Thommu,Get it
,Not Recommended,249570,16137976,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Nano,Mistakes were made.
76561197967623993,Not Recommended,249570,15633458,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AnalogginS,I want my money back
,Not Recommended,249570,10974154,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Otorhinolaryngologist,This is the WORST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED do not buy it it is a rip off and could of been made by a 2 year old
,Recommended,249570,12489118,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,CosmicFiasco,Great game! Easy to get used to but challenging content. It isn't easy to find a game that has Castle Doctrine's dynamic.
,Not Recommended,249570,16485452,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tesla,"Super wierd, cool idea. Not worth the price though."
,Not Recommended,249570,11994599,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Jake,BAD
,Recommended,249570,8941779,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,HeraticT,This game is actually pretty fun for a first go around. You can make intricate traps that other players can fall into...the only thing I wish it would do is save a blueprint of the house you make. It would make it a lot more fun.
,Recommended,249570,8987611,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Mr.meeseeks Look at me!,I think this is an amazing game that does not get enough credit.  big learning curve but worth it and very fun :P
76561198009199822,Recommended,249570,8927611,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Socratdog,"Highly Recommended.  A game of ""Hide you kids, hide your wife!""Craft puzzles and traps for burglars, while venturing out into the world to do some burglaring of your own.The permadeath may frustrate some, but I feel it gives all your actions that much more tension.  Do you go down one more hallway, looking for that big score, risking everything you've already gained or do you decide to quit now, play it safe, and find an easier vault?"
76219385761328957,Not Recommended,249570,23948650,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[RLOD]HaveAGreatDay,"Cool game, it's dead.Check out terminal heist, it's free."
,Not Recommended,249570,14876638,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mr_Whatshisname,This game still looks like a beta game and it hasn't recieved an update in quite a while.There isn't any animation and there isn't much content included in the game. The game has an 8-bit art style which is a wildly overused art style for indie games because of its simplicity and the speed it takes to make the graphics. Another notable mention is that there is hardly any audio at all and the one music track in the game is terrible.This game has a really good concept behind it but I find it was executed in a very lazy way.
76561198012240657,Not Recommended,249570,13225599,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Turnaboot,"Don't buy it. It is frustrateing and unsatisfing. The game lacks a very strong aspect which is continuety. How can a dev expect me to play a game is all progress, including the feel of accomplishmet, is lost after one death. It is fine for platformers and other games, but if a player is forced to restart completely and be unable to play the game at all because his own preperations killed him, then don't sell the game, don't make the game, stop devoping games. Don't buy it."
76561197967387798,Recommended,249570,15028776,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,TheXello,A bit glitchy on Linux but the best city simulator I have seen in a looong time. Make sure to save often.
76561198080782000,Not Recommended,249570,24762627,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Scrubish,can i get a refund?
,Recommended,249570,12987045,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,JustinChaosTM,"One hell of an addiciting game, however I have yet to actually make it through someones house and raid their vault >.< I love the difficulty and permadeath :D"
76561198079096019,Not Recommended,249570,23371755,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,FKW01F,Impossible to play due to hypercomlexity
,Not Recommended,249570,16817384,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,dead game
,Recommended,249570,8921998,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,TimFortress,"Yes game is really Strategy, Wrong a next move then you will end up dead, must play this if you think you know minecraft traps system well.You will die alot but you will learn a lot too!"
76561197960436733,Recommended,249570,8930859,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,PsiShock101,"So I picked up a game called The Castle Doctrine (Named loosely after the same law). The concept is simple, use $2000 to design a trap-ridden puzzle house that protects your vault and your family while providing a completely unhindered exit. You play against people who enter with 2 problems, 1. Death if they hit a trap and 2. If they leave, they drop their backpack containing all of their stupid expensive burglary tools. You can do the same to others. The idea is to design a home that shows opportunity, for example, a small search area, while being defended enough to prevent someone from casing the place then coming back with appropriate equipment. It's a lot of fun. Not quite worth the $15 ( Got it on sale) yet because it is a kickstarter game it's incomplete. But it is functional and is too simple to have many bugs. Very interesting game all around but anyone who requires graphics and 3D will not want to play. 7/10"
76561198036212216,Recommended,249570,8914438,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Ameretat,"Take Minecraft, crossbreed it with Grand Theft Auto, add a dash of gritty indie dev depressive darkness...this is the result....That's a good thing."
76561198019919017,Recommended,249570,8905808,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Yarglesbeard,"For me this game was not fun. I had only 2000$ to work with and when you die, you start over. This ammounts to hours and hours wasted building mazes and traps, only to die and have to do it all over again. what's worse is that once the family members are all dead you don't have to worry about blocking an exit path, which is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥  The people at the top have so big of an atvantage it's not even funny.In fact, I spent most of my time afterwards trying to just ♥♥♥♥ over most of the higher wealth houses; just cuz."
,Recommended,249570,8907947,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Generalis Magnificus,"Game needs fullscreen, more menus, and a tutorial. Great concept though!"
76561198026688853,Recommended,249570,8916002,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Shere Khan,Good fun!
76561198016632723,Recommended,249570,8930931,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,cosmicdrew,"its fun and smart, in way its like onsided chess mtach."
76561198014986383,Recommended,249570,8905142,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Super America,"I have played lot's of the alpha, which I thought was really fun.  The game focuses on thinking through situations and not rushing into them.  I know plenty of people complain about perma-death, but when you have a good design in your head, it's easy to re-build.  I do agree that the game should have a save-design though.  Overall, great game, try it out!"
,Recommended,249570,13179397,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,TyedylPlays,Alright some issues here and there but over all 7/10
,Recommended,249570,12667419,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Lord Of Zombies,Nice game. Wish you could save your houses though as its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you die while testing them. ruins the gameplay.
,Recommended,249570,8903347,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Gruby,"Took me 10 minutes to create my own death maze, went to rob someone's house and died around first corner. 10/10 no ♥♥♥♥in around"
76561198060266541,Not Recommended,249570,12695756,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Tobias Funke,"♥♥♥♥ this guy, and this game."
76561197999955764,Recommended,249570,8918358,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,HunterAnubis,This game is extremly hard and extremely adictive.
,Recommended,249570,25218876,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Democrat,I wish it had better graphics.
76561198004415836,Recommended,249570,10640801,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nasco Margorn,"This is an interesting game - I suspect that with some tweaks it could be amazing. I never really got into it; it seems like one of those games super nerds would love - as a means to prove how genius they are. I died a lot, it needs some more features. I suspect it will get better with future updates.I have not played anything else like it - it's a clever idea and it's not that pricey. Won't put you in a good mood though - unless you are really evil."
,Recommended,249570,9142149,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,LordofDrago,"Its a good game and its fun to play and rob your friends, but its hard to get your house off the ground in the beginning."
,Recommended,249570,9176380,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Zerodouche5000,wayyyyy to hard.. game sux
76561197993483317,Recommended,249570,9178760,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,PendraRed,"Permadeath!  Its hateful.  Not savig your house is hateful.  Strangers clubbing your family to death is hateful.  Suicide because you are trapped by electrified grills is hateful.  This game was hateful.However, I stayed on past the 10th death - I can now create a new house in about 10 minutes, and it kills strangers.   My wife is now armed, so bring it on with your club you swine.  This game is the purest 'strategy' game I have ever seen.  No armies, and I guess its more like a tower defence.  But, in-fact, its a puzzle game, and a very fine one so far.   I really want to kill enough strangers to be able to spend some of that cash that starts to build up.  I really want to drug those enemy dogs so I can steal your stuff.   Its a great little game if you like puzzles and you can get over having to rebuild your house.  I now take picures of my finished house - both so I can get through it myself and so I can rebuild it if need be.  Things like saving houses should be part of the game, so I hope that gets added.  If you like games and you have the cash then give it a try...so my house can kill you."
76561197983412937,Recommended,249570,9739155,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,PANIC,"This game -- It is a brilliant idea and extremely addicting. It is not for everyone, so please read the following before you decide to buy the game.Firstly I want to state that all the critics giving this game a bad review should not be allowed to even rate a game like The Castle Doctrine. I mean this with no hate but if your job is to quickly play a game and write a report about it, day in day out, then you will NOT be able to appreciate a game that involves thinking/learning such as this.Short summery: You are given a house with some money and you build traps to keep other players out. Afterwards you have the choice of either logging off and waiting for people to die(get money) or break into your vault, or invading someone elses house. Once someone breaks into your house you can actually watch footage of how they do so. The amount of people in the game is very active. Once I build my house, people normally bite within minutes.If you have played Minecraft and enjoy the 'engineering' aspect of the game where you build and wire items together, you will enjoy this game. At first the amount of items may seem overwhelming but the learning curve is small. Once you have given the game a chance, and come to appreciate that every single house you enter is the fabrication of someone elses individual imagination, you will LOVE the game. The amount of traps and mazes that people create is AMAZING. It makes no difference how long you have played, you will always be a student in this game. You cannot ever master this game because there will likely be someone that will figure your design out -- that's the point of the game!The game lacks a tutorial for good reason -- this game is for people that like to think/innovate. If you enjoy games that are linear, hand things out, or have safety nets, then you will not enjoy this game. The punishment of failure is very large and you will die a lot at first, however you are given all the tools to test your designs at will. If you dare to copy someone elses design, expect people to have already seen it(you better add a new spin onto it).Recommendations: Play around with all the different types of items, or watch a quick youtube video on how they work. Then go into other peoples houses to explore, and die, and die, and die, and die, and die again. You lose nothing as a newbie so check out how some other people are creating houses. Then create a simple house and watch how someone robs you. If you fail, recreate it and improve on the design -- simple as that.Personal tactic: I fill up my backpack with saws in order to try and rob someone as a complete newbie. I break into a house that is worth more than the starting amount of money and try to saw my way through as much as possible, minding traps. If I reach a vault then I will likely double my cash, and then create a house from scratch with more money then I originally had. If I die, I respawn and repeat the above until I crack someone's house. Along the way I see cool looking traps and try to replicate them. ONCE I build a house, I never rob anyone. I logout and wait for people to die to my traps, and then build more and more."
,Recommended,249570,11486407,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,GamersMedicine,Fun but stressfull its not worth the money unless you know your gonna play it alot View a couple of youtube videos than buy it if you so desire It was a good by for me though i mostly messed around though
,Not Recommended,249570,10765730,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Koda,Basically how I get most of my money is by not playing and letting people die in my house.
76561198057238920,Recommended,249570,11606299,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,The Constant Variable,"Good concept, good delivery. Simple but complex. Fairly difficult to start out. After a few days of lucky playing, built a menacing house. Ended up paying the full 16 bucks for it, which is a little high (should be 10 bucks flat or less). It's certainly worth playing, and I would recommend it! 9/10!"
,Recommended,249570,9629362,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Coljack,"As far as games go, this one has a seriously steep learning curve. Understanding how things work, that's one thing. The real challenge, however, is trying to put it all together, because a good portion of how well your traps function is based on psychology, and on that note, there's no way it hell you can know who's gonna break in, or when.Highly recommended game, 10/10."
76561198041960379,Recommended,249570,9336420,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,zbrockza,Extremely thrilling robbing peoples houses or watching them fall to your schemes.I highly recomend
,Recommended,249570,11615573,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,^000[LB]Black ^089Strawberries,"Most people are not good at this game due to the lack of tutorials. And that causes most of the haters.Yes, when I spend a hour building my house, but then get killed by my own traps, it causes me to rage and not to play this game for days.And it has $2 walls.10/10"
76561198026465707,Recommended,249570,23683452,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Turtle,"The game at its core is simple and great, and the producers pulled it off decently. All in all it is a good game that I WOULD put a lot of hours into, if it were not for the lack of people playing as the games greatness hinges on the amount of people playing it.So I do recommend this game, in hope that more people will play. But as it is with the current community, it is close to unplayable..."
,Not Recommended,249570,13952021,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Dr Noisy - twitch.tv/DrNoisy,"Despite my play time I actually don't like this game, I left it idling while I went to the beach for a couple days."
