user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198061747646,Not Recommended,249650,12926176,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,android__17,"Daedalic's Blackguards........Where to begin......I like so many others was rather excited by this title from the content shown here on steam. As a result i purchased this in the sale at 1/3 of its retail price for £10.99.  So a turn based dungeon crawler with rpg character development.  Right now the nitty gritty there are some details of gameplay but i shall not spoiler you on plot etcShortfalls in my opinion1) The Overall story of the game is linear there are very few opertunities to drastically alter the outcome of the game, there are a bunch of side quests which are optional? (but not completing these for the extra loot, gold and items will make your playthrough a nightmare in its own right! as enemies will be VASTLTY superior to your party of characters. I completed all the side quests and optional dungeon choices.2) Character Creation is shallow at best  you have a choice of TWO classes! the game does suggest three but its a joke you have the choice between spellcasters and non spell casters! There are no merchants, no stealth options, just pick a close combat weapon or a ranged weapon, or spells if your the former mage class. oh and all chracters can basically become cookie cut clones if you want them to be exactly the same.3) At Certain points your party composition will be radically altered i.e random members of your party will be unavailble to you for fights following the storyline (so all that time and effort spent developing a character for a specific niche,  those skills to help your party become less brittle will be for nothing making certain fights hellish to complete.4) The world map has a mere dozen locations for you to explore consisitng of the exact same format towns with the same vendors selling almost identical gear! Black guards is not like diablo where you can expect hoards of loot and mindlesss array of weapons, there are so few it makes you wonder if your ever going to have a badass looking character.5) Most of my game time was spent on loading screens........ugh i cannot stress how mind numbing this was!The Aquisition of items and gear is extremely tedious especially at the start of the game those life saving potions are almost unobtainable and forces you to either sacrifce weapon and armour or go to battle injured. Later those same items become useless which makes you wonder why you invested so much in the first place. The interface is clunky and at times often difficult to direct your actions.6) The variety of enemies was also sparse to say the least the same foes  cropping up again and again made killing them a real chore, I should also mention that there is NO level grinding in this game to improve your characters stats  for that fight you are having trouble with.7) THIS IS THE BIGGY The chance to hit modifier is The MOST ANNOYING PART OF THIS GAME!!! YOU WILLL NEVER BE MORE FRUSTRATED, NEVER MISS AS MANY ATTACKS OR FAILED CASTING ATTEMPTS  AS YOU WILL ENCOUNTER IN THIS GAME,  It has rusulted in me personally restarting hundreds of encounters because this game is COMPLETLY GOVERNED BY RANDOM CHANCE! it will try to break you!!!!!!8) There are multiple battles linked together resluting in sometimes impossible to win situations as you have been thumped so bad due to unlucky attacks you've misseed ten times in a row or the enemy lads a whole slew of critical hits forcing you to use all your recovery items. (but....i hear you say what about your inventory?? yeah invent items can only be equiped outside of combat, also quicksaving is the same! only outside the dungeon!Basically the ENTIRE game is fight, FAST TRAVEL to location,  distribute stats, rinse, repeat, load, load, load, load,  get lucky, Save.PositivesThe Dungeon maps are varied and are pretty to look at,  there are interactive objects to help you, most maps have a stratagy behind them to make things a wee bit easier but a couple of crucial misses will send that plan right out the window.There are moments of satisfaction when you drop that enemy who has forced you to load a dozen times and you complete the fight in no time flat.The Dialogue can be entertainig at times and you do find your characters personalities are pretty unique.Im Struggling to come up with more positive points! in all honesty i personally thought this was going to be a bit like a fantasy version of  x-com enemy unknown  (which is a fantastic game i do highly reocmmend) needless to say i was sorely dissapointed!  only die hard fans will see any replay out of this title. even at £10.99 i felt robbed and yes i did pour 60 hours into it but most of this was due to the snails pace of the combat system.Brutally Honest review Hope someone finds this useful?Ryan :)"
,Recommended,249650,8644796,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Cosmic Engine,"Full Video Review here -http://youtu.be/G5S2mAGsoKAAs an avid RPG player, and one who is all about story, I hold any RPG story I play to a high standard. Daedalic have been great storytellers in the past and blackguards is no different. The game is dark and mature, just what I like. Often in RPG's the more morally grey characters are the most enjoyable, relate-able and overall liked characters of a given game. In Blackguards this the type of characters you play, instead of a group of moral paragons, you play a band of rogues, trying to get by in the world and dealing with events that have been thrust upon them.You start the game as your chosen character hovering above the corpse of princess Elenor who is being eaten by a wolf, after killing said wolf you are blamed for her death, but the strange thing is, you can't quite remember what exactly happened before you saw the wolf. After being tortured and being questioned for a name you know nothing about. Enter the fire loving, fight craving, elf hating dwarf Naurim and you’re soon on a prison break with the intention of finding out just what the hell is going on here.The Battles in blackguards are very addictive, they tend to be relatively short but by no means easier. The great thing about blackguards combat is its difficulty, some battles require real thought and careful planning. The game is very challenging but by no means overly difficult and while it can be unforgiving at times, the game auto-saves after every battle and even if you die you have the option to start the battle over at any point from the pause menu. Fans of tactical turn based Rpgs will really get a kick out of the challenge blackguards provides. One of the star features of combat is the interactive environments. In certain levels you will have objects placed around that you can use. You can cut a rope causing the hanging chandelier to crush the enemies below it, ignite flammable swamp gas to burn opponents and more. There are over 190 beautifully crafted battlefields in blackguards, these are no mere random maps, these are hand drawn, carefully thought out maps that not only feel unique but really leave a lasting impression.If your an RPG fan, a turn based strategy fan or you just love a bloody good story, I cannot recommend blackguards enough. It is one of those rare games that I literally lost track of time playing. The story telling is good and engaging. Battles while not lengthy have great solid mechanics and good depth to them. The world is fantastically immersive, Daedalic have envisioned southern Aventuria beautifully. Check out the full video review for a more in depth look.http://youtu.be/G5S2mAGsoKACosmic."
76561198008233171,Recommended,249650,12436084,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Lord Majesty Shrimpy the Just,"Blackguards is a flawed game. But one that I have thoroughly enjoyed my time with so far.Let's go over the problems first.1. Difficulty. Particularly early on, the difficulty of each encounter can be horribly inconsistent. There's a reason why there is a ""try again"" button during fights - you're going to use it. Quite a lot. A lot of the more difficult fights have some kind of trick to them that might a try or two to figure out, and a lot of the time said fights require an element of luck too. One or two bad rolls or a few fizzled spells and it's time to try again. Anyone familiar with D&D probably knows that it's hard to create a balanced party with only three characters, which is all you start off with in this game: A mage, a fighter, and your main character who you can build as you wish. After a few hours you pick up a ranger too, who happens to be pretty good with traps, but until I acquired her, any map with hidden traps was a real pain to deal with. There was one fight where I had to memorise the location of the traps through multiple attempts before I could succeed. Additionally, sometimes quests force you through multiple fights with no escapes, and no warning beforehand, which can catch you off-guard if unprepared. In summary: Save often, and be prepared to try again.2. The interface. The combat system is excellent, but the controls are a little clunky. There's some oddity to the character models which can make it hard to target enemies at times, and the camera is rather awkward at times too. It can get quite frustrating, but it's not so bad that I find myself making accidental moves or anything like that.3. Information. The game can be very unclear about things. If you're not familiar with the RPG system the game is based on, trying to figure out how it all works is awkward, and the game basically only tells you things once. Being able to mouse over raw stats to see how they affect things would be nice. I have a parry rating of 7 on a character, what sort of parry chance does that actually equate to? How are these stats modifying dice rolls? You can get a rough idea of how things work over time, but I'd like to be able to see exactly what's going on. Contrast with, say, the original neverwinter nights, where if you wanted you could see every single roll being made.So those are the negatives.And the positives? Well, the combat system is fantastic, the RPG system, while incredibly deep and unclear, is also very flexible, you have a lot of freedom to let your characters grow in any way you want them to. The quests are enjoyable, the story is simple but engaging, the characters have some actual personality to them.If you're willing to get over the initial hurdles of an incredibly complex system and some very frustrating battles, there is a deep and enjoyable game with a wealth of content available for you. The world itself is pretty unique, it does a good job of avoiding a lot of fantasy tropes and creating something a little more engaging, and there's something rather refreshing about having a party that aren't a bunch of do-gooders.You're blackguards. My party consists of a wrongfully imprisoned warrior, a dwarf arsonist obsessed with dragons, a pompous upper-class noble from the south, and an elf who got high on drugs and owes everyone money. You're not evil, but you're certainly not good either. You're labelled scum by the people around you and hunted across a kingdom, adding to your list of crimes on the way.I've completed chapter 1 and am partway through chapter 2. I'm eager to see how the game develops from here. If you can handle some difficulty and frustration at the start, this game is well worth it."
,Recommended,249650,7990330,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Bike Thief,"I mentioned that I would edit my review once I had played more of the game, and I've finished most of Chapter 3 at this point, and wanted to weigh in again, now that there is more content available. Once again, I really enjoy the gameplay. X-Com fans will appreciate the turn based strategy. My earlier concerns regarding the limitations of the trainer system which inhibited true freedom in character development have been lessened however. I still would prefer true freedom to spend my experience points, but the additional content gives you plenty of fights and quests with which to expand your characters, as well as more trainers with the important abilities available to train for. If you are looking for cool loots though, prepare to be disappointed. The emphasis is really more on the characters themselves. As you progress through the story, upgrades of weapons that are marginally better are available, but using merchants to upgrade your characters gear doesn't really feel as fun as beating some monsters or bad guys and finding a cool weapon or magic item.Overall, I feel the additional content pushes this game from 'not recommended' to 'recommended'. I am particularly excited for when they add more depth to character creation, as this will allow me to pick some starting skills that will more coincide with how I want to build my character. For example, warriors start with the skill that improves your attack when using a shield. If you want to build a 2-Hand sword wielding warrior, this skill is just a waste. But with the new system, hopefully you can skip that in favor of another cool skill."
76561198034673181,Not Recommended,249650,9067851,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Thaddeus Mynor,"For Blackguards, the whole is less than the sum of its parts.I wanted to wait until I beat the game to review it. I felt obligated to do this. If you’re like me you bought in to all the good reviews this game had on Steam. A mature, turn-based rpg, starring anti-heroes? How could it be bad?Well, for starters, the “Key Features” that Blackguards lauds itself on are deeply flawed. Character choice and combat tactics are undermined by balancing issues - certain abilities and spells are clearly better than others to the point where your characters will be at a severe disadvantage if specced the wrong way and beating some of the harder fights will be near impossible if you don’t have one or two specific spells.Additionally, the game suffers from sudden spikes in difficulty that leave the game almost unplayable. Battles go from challenging and needing strategy to just plain unfair and needing luck to win out.Outside of combat, Blackguards doesn’t fair much better. The story is piecemeal and uneven - with the whole second chapter being nothing but a combat-only reenactment of “Gladiator” that only seems to be put in place to fill time. The rest of the main quest is further hampered by a multitude of random side quests that hold no weight in the game world and only serve to distract you from your objective. Narrative elements and choices are frequently brought up only to never be talked about again. And finally, when the story actually manages to come together, it’s a rushed case of too little too late - leaving you with an ending that is worse than Mass Effect 3. Because despite what the game says, you don’t decide the course of the story at key points - nothing you do matters.Characters are also largely underdeveloped and remain that way. Although, the voice acting, for the most part, is passable aside from one annoying companion. However, the male protagonist is the clear winner between the two gender choices (think the opposite of Mass Effect).When the game asks, “What happens when the only hope of a threatened world lies not with heroes in shining armor, but in the hands of a band of misfits and criminals?”. It turns out the exact same thing that would happen if it were heroes in shining armor - because for a game starring “criminals”, you spend most of your time helping people and doing the right thing.Blackguards has so much potential. It’s just like that really cool looking kid that has tattoos and fashionable clothes but when they open their mouth you realize that looking cool doesn’t mean you have substance. And as much as I wanted to like Blackguards, I can only recommend it to someone if it were deeply on sale."
76561198061175568,Not Recommended,249650,8849191,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,kaneh71,"I was intrigued when I saw the game. So much so that I plunked down my cash for early access. But I realized very quickly that youre basically expected to run the game once completely blindfolded before you will ever know how to build the party or what theyre capable of. Mistakes will dog your every step during your first run. Its very tedious and frustrating. But the killer for me, the straw that breaks the camels back, is the ridiculous spike in difficulty from one fight to another. It would be one thing if there was some sort of difficulty precursor before a fight. But there isnt . You step from one fairly mild fight to, suddenly, be faced with a large force led by a high level mage and youre expected to kill everything on the map. IN SEVEN TURNS. Did I mention all the mobs have healing potions? And the leader is on the other side of the hex map? And there are spike traps and tripwires everywhere. So you need to kill 6 mobs, in 7 turns, while they use heal pots, while missing on roughly 30-40% of your attacks. This game is dead to me. I would say it isnt worth the 22 bucks i plunked down for early access. Its a ridiculous waste of cash at the durrent $35 price tag."
,Recommended,249650,7784081,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,☠✠☩ Mr.Nekator ☩✠☠,"Updated impressions to Full Version below:Blackguards is the first Early Access game i really want to recommend!First it´s quite well developed already (but surely not without some roughness, especially regarding balancing, texting and bugs), secondbecause they did two things very well:Second it actually is a good game in the Realms of Arkania/Das Schwarze Auge universe, since the last ones (Demonicon, Schicksalsklinge HD) were poorest crap.Secondary it brings a new genre to this rpg system - the strategy (yeah i know, they also did two adventures already, but imo adventure and rpg are not that different).Also they try to bring a bit of a more grey atmosphere to the normally strictly black and white world of Arkania, you play as a convicted murderer, your party also consists of the strangest fellows like addicts, fanatics and so on.Though this all Daedalic manages to stay true to the typical rpg feeling as well as presents it with quite some bit of humour as well.You are somewhat limited in creating your character (three classes only, race and sex are fix) but the skill system (which represents the RoA rules surprisingly well) offers quite some flexibility to process all the characters the further the game progresses.This mixture of freedom and linear story telling, continues throughout the game, while you visit the locations to progress the main storyline, you have always some options for side quests, which offer a variety of goals.The battles themself remind me for one of Expeditions:Conquistador, where cover and strategically well placement of your characters is as important as choosing the right means of attack.They also try to keep the battles different with traps, different obstacles as well as victory conditions.As the game is still in development i can´t ultimately write about the story, but so far the characters are well done and the development is quite interesting.So if you either like the realms of arkania universe or are a strategy fan, you can give this one a try.Update:In the full version Daedalic has implemented kind of free character generation, since many players wanted this and not only the pre made classes.Well.. the plus is, Daedalic tried to give the fans what they wanted..the minus is that they implemented it very half heartedly, it´s an ugly, short creation process, with nearly no explanation about classes or whatever (the only choosing here is a single mage yes/no button?!)Also you kinda notice that the game was made with a hunter class in mind, if you create some very different hero, you may not find the best stuff/make the most out of it.Also i still get some stuttering issues/cut off ends of cut scenes, so they didn´t improve this much.All in all, this may be small points, but they damper a good first impression.."
,Not Recommended,249650,17498436,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,wany1981,"Well.. you know  when you watch TV and see the that really Juicy Burger in the commercial? Well. They actually use plastic burger with special lighting and a lot photo editing to create such an effect. When you actually go to that fast food and order the same burger it's quite different and the taste is no where near as good as you imaginged when you see it on TV.This game is like that burger in the TV commercial..Graphic is great, Sound is great and packaging and concept is awesome.But when you actually play it it's like a Plastic burger that you will have a lot problem to chew on and it taste bad.First.. The Story is Linear with supposed plot twist but it's quite badly rewriten with a lot things unexplained.Second.. The Game combat mecanism is following a old DND3 type dice/board game. Which they did a good job translate into a PC game but it just doesn't work out.. Repetitive and uninteresting.Third.. each battle map suppose give you options on how to finish the each map solution seems very linear and easy to guess. Each battle may have different enemy but they don't feell unique when i see a different one.Fourth.. The Game difficulty is super hard. I am a DND vetern and studied quite abit of that dice game before i started and I have a tons of difficulty finish the game.Fifth.. the game interface is not well designed and hard to operate.Six:.. there are about 7 Achievements broken at the moment and from what i heard in the forum the developer is not gonna fix them.Unless you are a die hard Dice game fan i wouldn't recommend anyone trying this.4.5/10."
76561198257696182,Recommended,249650,19079389,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,acslacker,"Blackguards is a textbook example of a TRPG.  Sadly, this genre seems to be dying out, though the Blackguards series gives me some hope for the future of gaming.  I love how the Blackguards system is based off of a German roleplaying engine.  Old AD&D games like Pool of Radiance, even Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter NIghts (though I hate the real-time aspect of these) are my favorites, and Blackguards is definitely along that same line.Some of the positives.*The customization available is one of this game's many strengths.  They allow the player to keep each character unique throughout this game without having too many options as to overwhelm.*The story isn't that happy-go-lucky anime stuff.  It's dark and intriguing.  The complaints regarding the main character's amnesia seem gripey to me.  Amnesia happens, but it's not overdone.  What I mean is that your main character may forget a few things, but won't go through the game complaining about missing memories.  The amnesia just adds to the mystery and allows the player to catch up on what has transpired.  Make no mistake, though, the focus is on the combat.*Most battles allow for different ways of completing your mission using objects in the field or terrain.  The complaint some make along the lines of ""I use the same tactics every time and this game becomes boring"" is the result of the choice the individual player has made, not the limitations of the game.*I love the variety of the enemies you'll face and their crazy portraits.*The soundtrack is mostly dark but there were several battle tracks I enjoyed.*Don't expect to get the ""+5 Sword of Fiery Judgment"" toward the end.  The weapons in this game do not provide the means to become amazing in combat, which is very unusual for RPGs.  I appreciated the change.What I didn't like.*Around 75% through the game, my melee fighters were essentially maxed out.  Without assistance from magic, fighters need a lot of luck to be helpful.*Speaking of luck, that D20 (the to-hit random number generator) is the most evil creature in creation.  90% treated me more like 70%.  1s were very rare and usually happened when I was finishing off a foe with few HP.  20s were frequent, as was foul language coming from me.  On top of that, there appeared to be a glitch.  I tossed, say, a 14 when 19 or below struck, yet the result was miss.  This occurred about one in every 15 attacks  (Despite this, the game is very beatable, I've finished it).*I wish there was more story.  Not better story, just more story.  I still don't understand the motive for one of the player-controlled characters to follow around the main character.  I wish one of the foes was more-developed.Those that haven't succumbed to mainstream gaming and still appreciate TRPGs can not go wrong in buying this game on sale."
,Not Recommended,249650,29076683,Posted: 6 January,all,Whiteswart,"If only Steam would allowed that, I'd post it under the neutral banner. The game is neither all good or all bad, it's somewhat of any of those extremes.I really liked the story part, especially the main villain figure, and all that dark cult agenda, it was really fitting. With that said, I'm quite not happy with the pace and rhythm the game plot proceed, the characters making their moves and all such things. It's all... static and boring. Yeah, again, the story is good, the way it was written and told is really subpar.I liked the subquests, some of them are really creative and interesting... But buggy and not really rewarding.I... liked the battles, at least, good bunch of them. The maps are challenging, the variety of abilities and ways to get going is really good. With that... Have you noticed the time counter Steam thinks I was playing? Something around 100 hours? Well, in truth it's maybe around 20. I've played the Blackguards on holidays, I never really needed to shut the game. So I was just playing over the moment I get bored and frustrated, and then just leaving the game without closing it. Mostly, it was around some combats, where you abide, and abide... And tarry the tide, if you know that verse.You see, some of the combats are really long, with big maps, lots of enemies, unobvious goals or some freaky bugs not letting you to finish the fight. Like, for example, a crystal you have to break to proceed. You're standing next to it, with a hammer and 100% hit chance. And then you miss. 5 times in the row. The hit percentage is maybe the one of the worst abominations that Blackguards shows to the world of turn-based RP games. They are so unfair, as loaded dices.Finally, with all that pro and contra stuff going hand in hand, there are broken achievements and over-the-top strange pattern to make a good ending. In the end, all the game is unrewarding. Unworthy. My mark is 5.8/10. Think twice over this buy, even on the lowest price possible."
76561198024663331,Not Recommended,249650,8781050,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Xenophen(1547Kills),"Difficulty spikes when trying to rescue the Baroness. Balancing needs alot of work. Really feels Alpha. The potential is there but at this stage, the balancing issue with the characters just being a couple levels weaker than the NPCs and with maps designed with strategic challenge in mind, just makes a frustrating experience. Feels harder than XCOM on the hardest difficulty. Really doubt I will try another game in development stage. It's in ""Beta"" for a reason. At the current ""Beta"" stage I would not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,249650,12537342,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,BlackXIV,"Blackguards would be an overall very good game if it wasn't for a few but very impactfull flaws.I wont indulge in the pros, you can read on for that, I'll just briefly explain why I abandoned a game that I mostly enjoyed at the beginning of the final chapter.First it lacks an element that should be at the very core of a game of this genre: character/team customization.You get a very limited number of characters which is 4, one of them will be swapped with another at a point in the story leaving you with an underpowered character as well. You don't really have a real choice on how to develop them, there is a few things you can decide but since mages are defined by their magic and one of the fighters comes in already half trained the tactical phisionomy of your team is pretty much decided before you start the game. You can customize your main character a bit more but you'll realize that the only role lacking in your team will be an archer which is also the stronger dps in the game...Second and most important: everytime a loading screens appears cross your fingers because there's a good chance the game is gonna crash. This is most definetly something that can be fixed and it's also something that didn't affect every player,  but given how frequent and long the loading screens generally are it really ruined my experience with this game.Third: devs brag a lot a about the depth of the story, they also use it as an alibi to justify things like killing fresh characters for no reason and the impossibility to farm. But the truth is there is not much of a story at all, the most of the game is a barely engagefull hunt for clues to unveil the mistery of what happened at the beginning, very linear, not interactive at all, if you really dig powerfull story-driven stuff this will also strike you as trivial and stupid at some points.Also given the price nowadays there's plenty more games of the same genre you might wanna give a shot to on steam that look much more promising."
76561198068398360,Recommended,249650,16352886,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,meritcoba,"How would you feel when you are unable to proceed because you do not have the required abilities to deal with the enemy?You could say, tough luck, it is your own fault, because you made the wrong choices.And I grant you that.But how can I make the right choices when I do not know the strengths and weaknesses of these abilities? And how can I foresee that the story seriously impacts the functioning of my party?  At two moments in the game you will be inflicted with a setback that unhinges your party's fighting power. Once, one of the party members gets killed because the story is written that way. And at another time her replacement, a magic user, gets robbed of her ability to do magic and so thousands of points sunk in developing her magic powers becomes nullified with one stroke.So you might expect that the game takes this into account, but not at all: you cannot undo your choices nor does the game allow you to make up for the loss of a valuable party member.This then, in a nutshell, is the problem with Blackguards..This game is very much like searching for keys to doors, while you do not know which key opens which door, you do not know if a door leads to anything useful, you do not know when or if you will find the key or the door to which it belongs and you might find  that the keys and doors disappeared before you actually could make use of them.So what is left is to go back to an earlier point in the game and find the right keys to the right doors: make the right choices. And unfortunately you might have to go a long way back: perhaps all the way to the beginning.And then another issue pops up.Blackguards is  basically a tactical battle simulator in which the battles are linked together by a thin storyline that gives the battles context. You will find that many of the common characteristics of a roleplay game are underdeveloped. For one, your party members are a given and so are their classes. Do not expect that you can build your own party.Furthermore there are few choices in equipment so your party will be running around with the same armor and weapons for long stretches.  And while many places have shops, you will only visit them to restock your supplies.But the crucial issue is that the story is simply too linear. While at some point you can select what to do first, you will be unable to change the storyline in any significant way. And because the story isn't really special at all, redoing this game just so you can change your characters is not enough of an incentive to go through the game again..Even as a tactical battle simulator the game leaves much to be desired. For instance you are unable to determine the setup of your party members. More often than not the game gleefully shoves your more vulnerable members, your magic users, in the front line.  Hilarious is the ability to set traps. You have almost no time to set traps, let alone set the traps that actually make  difference. The traps are expensive, the relevant skill requires a massive amount of points and you have only a very limited amount of traps.In addition some battles confront you with a special setup that is pivotal to the battle, often without explaining to you the specifics. In one battle, for instance, you will be able to make use of automated flamethrowers. But the game doesn't explain this to you, nor do you know what the impact is until you have seen their effect and you figured out how to operate them. It therefore requires you to redo the battle at least once.Some battles are practically unwinnable until you achieve a certain level, or develop a certain ability to a certain level.Is it all bad then?Actually no.When I went through the game the first time I actually was entertained. The game uses what I call the fall out principle. The fall out principle is that you start out as a nobody and then gradually start to make a difference when the story unfolds. This is the reverse of what you might call the dragon age effect in which  it is clear from the start that you are a special person destined to make a difference.Personally I prefer the first angle to the last.Also the characters are amusing, even though, or perhaps because, they are so cliche. The remarks of the Naurim, the grumpy dwarf, are pretty funny and in line of what you might expect from a dwarf: a fighter who distrusts magic users and elves.The story, although linear, has a few twists and also there is some emotional connection as it involves a friend and later on a family member. It isn't also clearcut that the enemy is actually bad and it leaves things fuzzy  for a long time.So it seems to me that if you go once through the game(using a game guide to form your party) then you might probably be entertained.Verdict:Blackguard is a nice filler when you are in between better games. Pick it up when it is in the bargain bin and around five dollars or euros or less.(Note: steam doesn't allow for a meh score at the time of writing this review. This game most certainly belongs to this category. I gave it a thumbs up just because, when choosing between the negative and the positive, i prefer the latter)."
76561198013502425,Not Recommended,249650,28333887,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,kermit,"This game is a very special kind of misguided.- It takes the stance that the player should be learning the mechanics exclusively through negative reinforcement and repeated failure.The exact opposite of what a modern game with a complex ruleset should do. The tutorial gives you all the non-relevant details. It tells you where to click, instead of how things work.- If you already know the pen-and-paper DSA rule-set, you'll understand how things work. But the system is too convoluted. It does not translate to a single-player on-screen experience in a game that is exclusively about combat, not a full role-playing experience. The game does not properly communicate the 'relevant' deatils well enough. And it displays misleading stats that do not take 'effective' numbers into account, but just some pre-stage calculation that is irrelevant. If you turn on the detail log, you'll not get any more insight in how things work. Instead, you'll just notice that the rolls are very likely rigged. I could sit with a real twenty-sided die all day and would not come up with a sequence of results that much skewed towards failure on my part. Four failures in a row on that special attack that uses 7 arrows? Get used to it. On the other hand, you'll see that the enemies, especially in the later chapters are rigged to basically almost never fail. Towards end-game the mechanics of the game work solely against you, never in your favor. The enemies are rigged so the game stays 'challanging'. That includes NPCs with impossible armor/resistance stats, quasi-teleportation of certain mobs 'at random', so your positioning ends up good or bad 'at random', etc.- The difficulty is based on the QA guy having finished a level. With a perfect party build, knowing all events and scripted enemy behaviour up front. Sometimes, If the RNG was playing along. What sensible game developers would have made the 'hard' mode is 'normal' here. You're going to be restarting battles a lot for reasons you have no control over. The 'retry' button pops up a confirmation dialog that's borderline mocking you: 'Do you really want to repeat this fight?'.- For a tactics game of such a slow pace, the outcome of a battle relies way too much on rng chance. So you're playing that last arena level in chapter three with endless enemy respawn? Pray to god that after twenty minutes of sitting through the tedium of that convoluted level your key char is not double crit-hit by a small mob after two consecutive misses of ninety-five percent to-hit blows of his own. Thanks for playing. Please sit through another twenty minutes of tedium. If the game is generous it will crit your key chars just ten minutes into a level, so you don't have to pointlessly replay as much. Some levels are crafted to the execution of a pretty tight plan. RNG does not like you in a key moment? Have fun restarting. Single failures or mistakes spiral into catastrophic failure way too quickly for this to be fun. There are random actions enemies can perform, especially casters, that can keep your entire team in a perma-stunlock long enough to reduce you to mincemeat. In essence: the random element is too strong on quite a number of encounters. An in this game it means: half the time you have a chance, half the time you don't.- The story and dialogue is jar-droppingly incoherent and outright stupid. Why did they bother to have the dialog spoken, I don't know. Bad voice acting of a minimalist script makes this an incoherent mess. Barely manages to convey the gist of what is going on. Sometimes not even that. My bet is they were afraid of writing, because the masses apparently do not like reading through a story. Well. Now the story makes less sense than the plot of 'Suicide Squad'.- Combat levels are hit and miss. The ones you'll remember are mostly miss. The devs want you to fail certain levels at least once, but preferably multiple times. And since you can't save mid-battle, and have to restart from scratch, it all nicely 'extends' play time, you know. No way to speed gameplay up either. See that tentacle animation of it coming out and going back to water that it does every time? Good thing we have 7 of them on-screen, so you can watch a pointless pre- and post- animation every time one of them does something.- Props for the devs trying to change things up a bit with some 'creative' missions. It's not well done though. Example: there's a mission where you need to 'sneak' past a patrol. Basically stay out of lit areas and run from cover to cover in bushes. Guards don't see you if you stay hidden. Guess what happens when one of your characters has the 'attack of opportunity' skill, which grants them a free attack when an enemy tries to pass by them? That's right, the oblivious guard passes your char by the bushes, and the attack of opportunity triggers automatically, so your char takes his spear and skewers the guard passing by. You can't turn it off short of giving the chars in question ranged weapons. After you 'retry' the level of course. Because you messed up, obviously....- If they wanted it to be difficult but rewarding they should have gone for bigger combat areas, better weays to utilize terrain, and more opportunity for player agency. They designed the levels to be played in a certain way. You deviate, you lose. You find out the hard way (by losing a lot) what the designer's idea of 'solving' a level was. Your ideas are not wanted, and there's no freedom for you to come up with anything anyway. You're railroaded, because the levels are too small, too cramped, and thus you have very few choices and the enemies have very few choices. So you work on some details, and hope RNGesus is with you. Then you restart the level, because you lost again. There's levels where at a certain point a certain spell must be successful, or you lose (due to limited turn constraints). I've rarely seen such incompetence in level design. The 'hard' levels are designed to be 'clever'. They're definitely not designed to be 'fun'. This is a game, it should be fair, transparent in its rules, challenging, and rewarding. You could make a point a that it is challanging. But not on its own merits. It's merely challenging because its unfailr, intransparent and unrewarding.So. No. I can't recommend it. It's a wrong kind of hardcore. The game goes out of its way to dish out frustration by witholding information, or just screwing you over at the last moment of a long level with a sequence of 'unlucky' rolls. Good strategy/tactics games are easy to learn and hard to master. This one is hard to learn. Up to this day there's a debate on the forums as to how the to-hit system even works, because dev's explanation is inconsistent with what we see in-game and the game certainly does not tell you how it works. And there's too little freedom within the levels to really master anything. You solve a level/puzzle each time around it's 'interactive objetcs', whose use is often mandatory. And then try to deal with things you can't possibly anticipate to happen, but hey, the QA guy managed once and he said he had fun playing, so it must be good. Thumbs down for not thinking about how to present content and how to communicate mechanics. It's almost as if player frustration was their goal when designing this. Too bad, because at its core it has nice potential.Remember the frustration of dealing with the Bed of Chaos in Dark Souls 1 for the first time. Then imagine adding a random element that insta-kills your character the moment you step throught the boss door seven out of ten times. Then add the insult of the game communicating to you that it happens only one time in twenty as a sacrifice of sorts, and that it's just you being unlucky. If you're into that kind of thing, go ahead and buy Blackguards. It has about a dozen or so levels that are pretty much like that."
76561197986716191,Not Recommended,249650,8862580,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,catz,"I have only played 6 hours of this game, and I have stopped.This game will appeal to some of you, but it doesnt work for me.Blackguardsis a style of game I just dont like.To be clear I prefer game that at least give you the appearance of free will and self determination.Blackguards has set out to control your play, not allowing for any random encounters and engineering the enounters that you have so that they are all ""challenging"". Which would be fine, except that your toon build really, really matters.With limited points to spend and ""challenging encounters"" it seems as if there is a certain build type that will work for each toon.If I am right, and it feels so, then giving me freedom to build 'incorrectly' as is my style of play, means I fail.With no random encounters to build toons otherwise, it means either re-start and build differently, or follow the guild for builds as in the forum.(There is a forum guide on 'best' builds for your toons.Seriously, I would prefer auto build if i have that little choice, where certain builds work and others just dont - where you follow the games perfered build or fail.If you prefer Dark Souls over Elder Scolls or Fallout, then this may well be the game for you, else if you like to play YOUR way, wether it is turtling, over leveling your toons, or just building them the way you want, to play the way you want.. then perhaps stick with games that let you do that."
76561198044258921,Not Recommended,249650,27494171,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ccjesper,"I can't begin to tell you how many times I've seen people say stuff like ""Gee, I really wish I could recommend this game,"" and that's about how I feel about Blackguards. It's relatively interesting, there are some fun moments, etc., but overall it's just kinda lacking, especially in terms of giving the player a measure of freedom. I'd say just don't bother, it's certainly not worth $40, and I'd say it's only barely worth $5."
76561197994248416,Recommended,249650,12853626,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,kamikaze [SWE],"I had a lot of fun playing this game. A lovely mix of turn based strategy and plain old rpg. --7/10All pro´s and con´s are, ofcourse, from my viewpoint. (As an old school rpg player and fairly hardcore computer gamer.)PRO´s:* No over abundance of +5 Swords of the destroyer with bells, whistles and a blowtorch. A quite minimalistic level of ""Magical"" weapons and armor.* Some great battlegrounds with nice scenery and interactive gadgets.* Likable characters.CON´s:* Some dialouges seemed slapped together in a hurry with no ""own"" background and a lack of engageing content.* Hexagon focus reacts to creatures. i.e. Animated inhabitants of said hexagons neighbour can interfer with what tile you click. Very frustrating ending up clicking the wrong tile while attacking. Forced me to rage quit 3-4 times. :) (Can be avoided by setting camera angle 90 degrees, but then the visual experience is lost.)* Would have liked to be able to configure the apperance of my main character a lot more."
76561198281568815,Not Recommended,249650,32059308,Posted: 30 May,all,Lonewolf Enoch,"= 2017/05/30 =Here is what you get from Blackguards by Daedalic Entertainment.Linear story basedPre-made heroes (characters)Skill based characters (not class based)Spell caster or non-spell caster class (all skill available except spell type for non-spell caster, spell casters have a one time use of AP(Adventurer Points) in the beginning when creating your character)Close range weapons : Dagger, Sword/Saber, Axe/Mace, Rapier/Foil, Staves, Spears, 2-Handed Sword, 2-Handed MaceLong range weapons : Bows, Crossbows, Throwing weaponsLeft/Right hand slot : One-hand weapon + shield, Dual wield, 2-Handed wepon, or bare-fist (not recommended)Armor slots : Head, Chest, Legs, Hands, Feet, Waist (for belt to put items usable in combat)Attributes : Courage, Cleverness, Intuition, Charisma, Dexterity, Agility, Constitution, Strength, Vitality, Astral-energy(mana), Magic resistance [Each attribute points contribute to Base Values]Base Values : Vitality, Attack, Parry, Dodge, Ranged combat, Initiative, Magic resistance, Astral Energy, SpeedTalents : Body-control, Will power, Perception, Traps, Street-wise, Survival, Animal Lore, Warcraft, Treat WoundsSpecial Abilities : from Power Blow, Tripple Shot, Dual Wield, to Astral regeneration. 16 main abilities, 39 including sub-abilities (for example Dodge 1->Dodge 2-<Dodge 3)= The below is a personal review/feeling of the game, you may feel differently! =The goods1. ""The complex rule system"". All these stats doing all sorts of different things! A must for the sophisticated(?) nerdy RPGer.2. Equipment changes the character outlook (even made me use a lesser equipment just for the looks that I prefered)3. Each hero (or should I say villain) has a unique touch of personality in the story4. Graphics/Animation of skills shows the effort of the developers.The bads1. Not-so-good-working ""The complex rule system"".If I see a 60% hit chance, I expect to hit 6 times out of 10 tries, or 3 out of 5.But I miss most of the time.The game is a liar in this sense and no one likes to be lied to.2. Limited AP (Adventurer Points) to level up your characters.No random mobs. All encounters are pre-decided.3. Some encounters are almost impossible if you level-up incorrectly due to the limited AP.Makes you restart the game because you cannot go any further.So don't think of making a jack-of-all-trades bard-like character...Your frustration level will rise to max gauge.4. Receive same amount of set Experience points (or Adventure Points) for each encounter, no matter how many opponents you fell. There are some encounters where you will meet infinite (respawning) mobs. If you down 1 mob and finish the objective, it will give you the same reward as downing 100 mobs before finishing the objective.= conclusion =It almost felt like a puzzle game more than an RPG because some (if not most) encounters had specific methods to win easily. Other methods, not so easy or impossible (to me).Personally, I like to farm/grind, especially when I cannot beat a certain area but not with Blackguards.Perhaps you will survive better than me but comparing the enjoyment to the frustration level, Blackguards is not recommened."
76561198030360062,Not Recommended,249650,8810372,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,5ev3nand9,"Game gets boring really fast. VO/story/atmosphere is terrible. Loot is forgettable and combat is tedious. Basically the game is series of scripted encounters that you can only lose if you made the wrong choices when choosing new skills/lvl upgrades. 80% of the skills/stats/abilities are useless, so the main challenge is guesstimating which skills will be useful in future encounters. I doesn't feel like a RPG at all. It's more like a tactics game with levels to beat (think Elven Legacy with 4 troops and fixed turn order)."
76561197995253696,Not Recommended,249650,17701123,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Kikbak,"The game starts off well enough but I eventually had to quit.  I was getting so frustrated I nearly threw my mouse through my monitor.  Blackguards is presented as a game returning to the core roots of RPG strategy goodness.  Just check out the multiple videos from Daedalic above for all the stuff that sounds so great about this game.  What is presented sounded awesome to me but in reality my two attempts through the game turned into a frustrating slog from one scenario to the next.I got hooked on the story from the start which turned out to be a prison break.  Nothing ground-shakingly new here but it worked for bringing three main characters together and launching them off on what was to be a quest to save the world.  The cut-scene interactions just propel the story forward, but did contain some humorous dialogue.  City/settlement locations are really just screens you click on to visit the tavern/shop/quest giver, etc.  Again, nothing earth-shattering for the genre but where this game was supposed to shine was in the combat.And the combat on many of the levels was excellent.  Some of the scenarios were very challenging and I truly felt good when I had achieved victory conditions.  You certainly cannot simply build up your characters and then rush through everything.  Planning was necessary.   All that was great.Specific building of your characters is crucial to the point that if you build them wrong, you will find that the difficulty spikes.  Character building is handled through allocating skill points.  There are a lot of options (FIVE screens worth) and very little in-game guidance on what to build up first.  I am sure most players will do what I did and end up resorting to the forums and walkthroughs to know how best to maximize their points.  It should not be this difficult or nebulous on building up your characters - especially with this many options.  The game reminds you to save often so you can go back to an earlier time and rebuild if needed.  But that still stings a little knowing that you lost that progress and will need to make it up.But then the game started throwing out some curve balls on the scenarios and I found myself needing to restart certain ones again and again.  These levels were often fronted by a cut-scene dialogue that had to be clicked through again and again.  I just do not understand why they couldn't simply start the level with your characters on the field.  Many of these levels had special rules or situations that were not made apparent until you played them.  So you learned the ""special"" rules through failing at the level and had to try again.  And again.  And again.It does not help when the game chains scenarios together without a way to rest in-between.  You may find that by the end of the 2nd or 3rd scenario you are completely out of potions/health/magic/whatever.  And you may need to not only restart that level, but perhaps go back to a prior level so that you end with enough health/magic to be successful in the next one.  I could see the game doing this on hardcore difficulty for those who really enjoy upping the difficulty, but I just wanted to veg out after a hard day at work.By the time I was into the gladiator fights in chapter 2 I realized something.  The. Game. Was. No. Fun.I am recommending a pass on this one.  If you do buy it, wait for a nice Steam or bundle sale."
76561198030788488,Recommended,249650,16016691,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Cracktus Jack,"Blackguardsis a medieval fantasy turn-based tactical RPG based on the Dark Eye tabletop RPG. Framed and tortured by the one you called your friend, you make your escape with a few other prisoners, trying to find out the truth behind the accusations against you. This review takes into account the Untold Legends DLC.Pros: Nice game with enough mechanical depth to offer a variety of gameplay styles: rather than level-based progression, you spend adventure points on anything from attributes, weapon skills, spells and perks and determine exactly how specialized you become with your various talents. The story isn't of a great hero, but of someone who won't leave a mark on history, making your way in shady towns and accepting questionable quests, especially in the multiple side quests added by theUntold Legend DLCwhere you must take stances on subjects such as slavery. Graphics are good enough for the genre, tactical maps are clean, most of which have interactive environment elements you might use against your foes if they don't use them against you. The game is sufficiently balanced, and even with the occasional difficulty spikes, you can jump right back in the last encounter to try things differently.Cons: Many will find the depth to be a bit too much, scrolling through 5 pages of skills and perks will make it hard to figure the best way to optimize your character. There is a limited variety of equipment, especially armor. The story is pretty linear and not all that complex. The odds of success aren't mushed, so 95% chance of success might still miss, multiple times, in a row, which will frustrate anyone who isn't used to rolling dices. The music is somber, and sucks life and excitement out of the game whenever you're not in a combat situation.Verdict: ★★★☆☆ - It's up to youThis is an ok RPG. It is definitively ported directly from its tabletop RPG roots, which might feel very ""meh"" to the average gamer. I still recommend it, just make sure you also get theUntold Legend DLC, or you'll feel the game is short on side-quests.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
76561198020543247,Not Recommended,249650,26705965,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Juusen,"The RNG factor in this game is major issue. I love turn-based/strategy/tactic- games but this game just takes all the fun out of the gameplay in fights. Even if you execute the fights as the game wants you to (clearly), you will get those 90%-95%  misses in row and that makes you using F9 or ""try again"" all time. It is frustrating/repetitive as hell and is sucking the all the excitement out of the game. I must say at this point im breaking apart and will most likely just delete this crap.If you want to test your ""skills"" (patience&nerves)  grab this game when -90%. If not, buy Xcom or some other real title instead of this **** ."
76561197971852593,Not Recommended,249650,8832523,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,el bandito-dH,"I can't really recommend it.. It's somehow frustating at some point and I never got beyond the first couple of 'towns' and the relevant quests. It started quite good and interesting but when I have to try a fight over and over again vs. incredible strong opponents at the very beginning it turned out, that you rather need some good luck to win a fight, rather than tactics. I'm talking especially about the fight to rescue the baroness and the fight vs. the two dwarfs. I mean why fight such powerful opponents in the very beginning with such shity gear and values for your party? And that stupid turn limit to rescue the baroness is just frustating.Sorry, after a good start it just gets disappointing. If I could sell or gift it on steam, I gladly would."
,Recommended,249650,25219776,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,fadden,"First and foremost: this is NOT an RPG.  It's a party-based tactical combat game with RPG elements.  If you start with that understanding, you'll avoid the disappointment that many players have encountered.The game is about figuring out how to beat a series of scenarios.  Sometimes it's about how you use abilities and items, sometimes it's about using the environment.It's not a perfect game, but it's fun."
,Recommended,249650,7972640,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,The-Smug-Pug,"Love the game so far and can't wait for another chapter to open up the story line. The whole thing has and old school-cool, well rounded feel, and the turn-based fights have always been my favorite!However, a bit more variety in the character customisation at the start would be nice - so deciding in the beginning if my melee fighter should start with sword or spear skills - just giving the player a bit more of a choice... I don't know if that point is coming across correctly. But all in all, I think the developers can be very proud of blackguards: smooth, solid gameplay, fml-moments, loveable characters, face palms and lols - all included! ^^I really, honestly like it a lot! :D and if I had any game-playing friends, I would definately recommend it to them! XD"
,Recommended,249650,22889810,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Draetor,"I honestly took a long time to play this game (I knew I eventually would as I love turn based tactical RPG), because of all the mixed reviews.  Regardless, I can't believe how much fun the combat in this game is.  I'll break down some key game concepts that might persuade you to buy or push you away.Good:-Amazing character development using a deep system of random dice rolls and old-school board game elements-Hard battles (some are pushovers) that make you think or have to re-do because of a single screw up-Deep turn based hexagonal board-like combat involving traps and the environment-A Baldur's Gate style of map minus the exploration-The game really focuses on the battles without the fuss of wandering and exploring (ie. not an exploration game)Bad:-The story is not bad, but one shouldn't be getting this game for that reason-The itemization and game mechanics are a bit complicated to understand and required a lot of Google searching-Linear story and no explorationIf you are looking for a game that focuses purely on the tactical turn based combat, then this is truly it.  There is no wandering and exploring with your party and discovering secrets.  The world map is like Baldur's Gate, however, when you visit cities and places, you are either transported into a combat situation with some cutscenes or visit a town where NPC's are static screens filled with innkeepers, healers, merchants, etc."
,Recommended,249650,21922036,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SpiteAndMalice,"I'm really surprised at some of the negative reviews that this game has received.I personally found the story to be interesting and engaging, it's dark in places and you need to get your hands dirty, but that's how Dark Eye fantasy generally is. One moment in particular seems to have turned some players off, I thought it was a brave decision by the developers, and I thought it worked well, a story should generate emotion, and this one did. It's not all grim and dark however, and the humour is very finely tuned in places.Turn based tactical games are a genre that I'm very much into, I play a lot of Chaos Reborn on a daily basis for the PvP side of it. Consequentially I often find that with story driven turn based tactical games that the PvE battles are a let-down, I don't think an AI can generally replicate the engagement that comes from playing against a human opponent. But I tell you what, Blackguards comes as close to it as I've ever found. There's a real wealth of variation in the battles that occur from; small skirmishes, arena fights, fighting withdraws, chase downs, there's all sorts. The developers of Blackguards have really gone out of their way to keep the fighting fresh. As a result this is one story driven turn based tactical game that I can see myself replaying. Just taken on their own the fights are a lot of fun.I think the one caveat that I'd give is that this is a game where it's worth checking out what happens to certain characters in advance. I’m not going to give anyway any spoilers here, but making your party build based on that knowledge does make a difference to the overall effectiveness of your party by the end of the game."
76561198096843310,Not Recommended,249650,8619667,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Crabby Appleton,"""Back in the day"" this would have been called ""a thinking man's game."" If you are looking for ""fast paced"" look elsewhere. EVERY thing that you do NEEDS to be carefully considered and thought out. The Manual says to ""save often."" And it is spot on because you WILL have to go back and retry battles.The biggest problem that I have (had) with it is that while it is billed as non-linear, in the begining it IS. And some of the begining quests are out of balance with the character's abilities. Now, I will readily admit that I am not an especially intelligent person. I'm not stupid, but i feel like it when i play this game. Sometimes I can figure out what i need to do... but i can't figure out HOW to get it done. (Like i KNOW i need to lure the Wood Troll into the swamp gas areas and then blow them up, but it moves too far for me to get him where i want him.)Some games do a very good job of designing a variety of difficulty levels so that anyone can play them at whatever level of difficulty they want to. (ex: The King's Bounty Games, the Witcher games, and the Elder Scrolls series.) some - like this one - do not.If you LOVE a real challenge and don't mind the frustration of failing and having to re-start a game... buy this. If you want a game that you can just play even if you aren't a chess Grand Master... don't."
,Not Recommended,249650,8842757,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Fuzz,"All the frustration of DnD: without the dice, friends, and customizable campaign.With the added bonus of loading screens every two seconds.It's an SRPG though, so there's that.Seriously, I have never been bothered by the amount of loading screens by any other game before.When they said ""40+ hours of gameplay"" I assumed that meant I would be playing for 40+ hours and not waiting for something that should already be loaded to load for 20.Edit: It isn't the loading times, it's just the sheer number of loading screens. I don't need to see a loading screen every two seconds. For example: in cities if you want to go anywhere or do anything aside from using a merchant you need to go through a loading screen. That stuff should already be loaded."
76561198016977238,Recommended,249650,24497124,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kardos,"This game was part of a bundle I bought 1 year ago - together with Memoria and Dark eye: Chains of Satinav. I did not install it at the time because the looks of the game did not appeal to me at first. I even thought back then that this was a strategy game (its actually a turn based RPG :P)One month ago, I decided to install the game in order to get the steam cards. Based on the reviews I was expecting a pretty aweful game. Nevertheless, I decided to play for an hour instead of idling.The first screen I encountered was the character creation. I was pleasantly suprised by the depth and variety of choices and I found myself tinkering at the various options and builds for an hour!Well, after an hour, I thought that the options did not really matter because I wasnt going to play the game given how bad it must be according to the reviews I had read. However, I was still waiting for those cards so I decided to have a look at the actual game.Again, to my suprise, although it started slowly, the game captured my interest. Slowly, but steadily, I started enjoying the story and the battles gameplay. That was it, after some time I was hooked!Here is what I think of the game:+Give the game some time at the beginning. It starts slowly but it steadily builds a strong story! Same goes for the gameplay. It looks a bit strange at first but I grew to like it very much!+The Graphs are really good.+Full sound + Voice + Subtitles+Dialogue options+Decisions matter+Challenging game+Character creation system. There is no level up system - Using adventure points to create unique ways of fighting.+Story twists.+I havent encountered any in game bugs.-Some may find the game TOO challenging. Its not a forgiving game. You have to think the consequences of your gameplay.-Linear. Most of the times there is only one battle available.-THE MOST IMPORTANT PROBLEM AT THE MOMENT IS THAT THE GAME SEEMS TO HAVE SOME PROBLEM RUNNING IN WINDOWS 10. However, this issue can be solved with a little bit of tinkering. There are numerous solutions out there.To sum up, I fully recommend this game at a discount and even at full price if you enjoy turn based RPGS. I dont understand whats going on with other reviews. Perhaps people were expecting a different kind of game? However, keep in mind that the game has some compatibility issues with Win 10.I've already bought Blackguards 2."
76561197971118263,Recommended,249650,18697664,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,twistedd,"This game is hard, its fun and its not for everyone. plan on playing it and then restarting once you know whats going on. I find the difficulty refreshing. there only a few games like this that are this difficult. Its constantly challenging you wih unfair situations and at times the battles are more like puzzles to be solved. If your looking for a game where you can just put together the most effective , winningest party and then just consistantly  kick everythings♥♥♥♥♥ this isnt it. If your looking for a game that will constantly challenge you to find the way to win each battle or string of battles, this is the one.That being said, there are definitly character builds that work fine up untill a certain battle and then they will not let you procede no matter how hard you try. Its highly reccomended that you check out one of the guides out there that will give you pointers on what to avoid and whats more effective."
,Not Recommended,249650,12475883,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Zacinoff,"Really interesting story with many choices when it comes to weapons and spells, but that's also the biggest downside. All attacks and spells success rates are dependent on how many points you put into the spell. This makes you not want to spend any points on more than one spell unless you want poor hit rates.You also can't grind in this game. I managed to finish the story first time without much thought into where I put my points, but I can see how someone can squander their upgrade points in a way where they are too weak to finish the story. I think a new game plus would be nice for those of us that would like to go back through the game choosing alternate story options and destroying enemies with new unused spells.I only played the base version of the game so maybe the expansions  add more than what I've experienced. I'd say it's worth playing but not for $40. Wait for it to be on sale. I wouldn't spend more than $20."
,Not Recommended,249650,12740163,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TheGreenPulsar,"First, let me just say that (spoiler alert!) despite the title and hype, the game still ends up with a cliched save-the-world scenario.  Which was a bit of a disappointment.All right, so there's some good points to this game: The combats are each well-designed (often frustrating, but that's part of the fun), and almost every combat has some interactive environment object you can use to either help or hurt you.  This part of the game works great.  I wish the rest of the game was better so I could take more advantage of it.Further good news: The game isn't ridiculous easy, even on the easiest difficulty level.  I had to switch down from Normal in order to make any progress past the first chapter.Now for the bad news.First, the combat system is incredibly complicated.  The rules for combat are mostly invisible, but reading through them (on the help screen) made my eyes cross.  This coming from a guy who plays tabletop D&D, HERO System, Shadowrun, Traveller, and Legend of the Five Rings.  This might explain why the chance to hit an opponent is vastly different from the chance marked on your screen.  Anything under an 80% chance to hit will miss at least 2/3 of the time.  And there's one enemy in particular that you won't hit more than about 1/20 of the time, despite the fact that your hit % is shown as 60.  Always.  I'm not sure if the hit chance is failing to take into account about half the combat rules, or if (as some others have suggested) the random number generator is just broken.  Either way, this drops my enjoyment of the game by quite a bit.The other problem is that there's really no actual ""role-playing"" involved in the game.  There's little to nothing you can do to direct the game, except in some of the sidequests.  And most of that involves giving up a sidequest instead of finishing it.  Sure, you have dialogue options, but they don't really *DO* anything.Overall, I'd probably rate this something like 3/10.  The combat scenes are great, but the combat itself fails, and everything else is boring as hell."
,Not Recommended,249650,26402386,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,IanTheRed,I really wanted to like this game but every chapter starts with you kitting out your characters only to have all you items taken away because you were thrown in prison or caught by slavers or some stupid crap where now you have to fight with clubs in your underware against fully geared opponents. It wouldnt be too bad if it was a one time thing but this game litterally does this to you three times in first two chapaters......
,Recommended,249650,26583190,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Felipepepe,"Known for old-school point & click adventure games such as Deponia and Edna & Harvey, German developer Daedalic took gamers by surprise when releasing Blackguards – a tactical turn-based RPG based on The Dark Eye tabletop ruleset.While the story sells itself as a dark narrative where you play as outlaws, it’s rather cliche and heroic. The Dark Eye ruleset is the true drawing point. While some rules where cut, such as most non-combat talents, it remains a solid and complex (if rather intimidating) classless system, offering ample freedom when creating your character. It’s a joy for hardcore players, but very poorly explained for newcomers. Sadly, the forced party members end up limiting some of your party building possibilities – sometimes even forcing a restart.Blackguards knows its limitations and uses some unconventional design choices to compensate them, betting everything on its battles – cities are presented as simple animated backgrounds with stores and NPCs to talk with, exploration is limited to a 2D world map full of icons, dungeons are but a semi-linear sequence of battles without rest and the story is told via simple cutscenes, with an occasional decision to be made. This leads to an unique “Western Final Fantasy Tactics” feel, and while the game first hours are very linear, it later opens up to a wide range of interesting side-quests.Daedalic’s background as an adventure game developer is felt here in an unusual way. There are no random battles in Blackguards, meaning that every encounter happens in an unique arena specifically designed for it, often with unique challenges or tactical puzzles. There are traps, time limits, holes that spawn enemies, movable and destructible objects, healing orbs, falling chandeliers, mechanical blades, flying dragons, swamp gas, giant tentacles, mind-controlling plants, draw bridges, collapsing passageways, a giant cage on a crane, etc.There’s not a single RPG out there that offers so many interesting combat scenarios. This alone makes Blackguards a must-play for any tactical fan – or RPG designer.Unfortunately, the game stretches out for far too long (40 to 60 hours), and the limited variety of enemies and equipment result in a rather stale second half of the game. Still, fans of Tactical RPGs will have a blast."
76561197995669628,Recommended,249650,23368856,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sorokonojka,"BlackGuards is a turn based RPG with party combat and grid battlegrounds . It is not open world game but rather simplified system where you move around towns and map by clicking on images .There are some sidequests and text based choices that can effect quest outcome and impact later in game . At the start you will be able to customize your character in depth with skills but cosmetic options are lacking .This game has a lot of issues but I was able to overlook those because the core gameplay is fun and challenging . I will go over some negative points that people mentioned in reviews to give some feedback .-Beginner's trap?-There are several events in this game that can force you to start over if you did not manage your resources properly . You can end up in a position where you can't win a fight and can't go to previous areas to level up on side quests .  Auto Save will not help so you should keep 2 more save points .I don't think that it adds any fair difficulty but I like games that do not hold my hand .This game is extremely hard because you can't always anticipate what happens . Like you may need a speed buff for a mission but you never got it . There are many fights where I had to go back to get the right skills and come back (which is not always an option) . If you are a casual gamer there is a chance you might get stack because you did not build characters correctly .I am seasond RPG player and this was the most unforgiving game I ever played .-Permadeath on Party Characters-?One of the characters in your party will die ( forever ) This is a scripted event so you won't actually loose party members by diying in combat  . It is kinda cool to see a game have the balls to do that but for obvious reasons not everybody likes that . You can potentially waste some gold by buying equipment for that character ( I think you get it back but sellback value is not the same ) The real problem is that you may waste some of your Skill points thinking that you can rely on this character for a specific role .- Too much Luck -?-In this game Ranged,Melee and Spell attacks have % to hit . Luck is a big factor early on  . Eventually you can upgrade skills high enough to where you will hit 90-100% so it has to do a lot with how you level your characters .Dodging is frustraing early in game but not a fair criticism for RPG because it adds depth to character builds . However there is a luck element to using items from iventory which can be avoided by save/load ( so that mechanic just wastes your time )-Very basic loot System -Loot in this game is not exciting to say the least . You get a 3-7 damage weapon and 10 hours later you get 4-8 weapon .It keeps number values low which is good because it makes fights less gear dependent but I would prefer something better than just common white trash as you would call it in other games .Rewards for Side quests are very unbalanced . Some quest chains can take 2-3 hours and you might get the same reward as the 20 minute quest . There are some specific quests that give uniqe weapons but there is no consistency with legth or difficulty of the mission .I also should address god awful inventory weight system . This game kinda requires you to carry a lot of gear especially toward late game but you never have enough inventory space . Like entire game I was between 90 and 100% full . You constantly have to find items to remove even though you do not have that much junk .-Pros ?-Challenging tactical gameplayGood variety of different stages and objectivesText choices that impact later in gameSpells that gain new effect at maximum levelDecent voice acting and some good jokes .Score: 7/10 . I am really enjoying the unpredictable and unforgiving nature of this game . Perhaps it is a bit unfair  to new and casual players but it is fantastic for someone who does not want the game to hold your hand . At full price I would not recommend it to everyone but on sale you should consider picking it up if you like turn based party RPGs ."
,Recommended,249650,7613922,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Fedya,"Very nice ideas, even if it lacks in graphics, something oldschool soaring through gameplay. The battles are well balanced and P&P* smoothly combined with turn based initiative system, like in jRPG or Kings Bounty. Nothing more nothing less, the towns are just interactive scenes with available hot spots, side quest, healer, tavern, shop. And this lets you concentrate on pure turn based combat. Mostly I enjoyed the tactic spots on the battlefield, like slippery mud, burning wood and bushes, shooting chandelier and so on. And the voice over is great, such racy accents!* Updated thanks to the [onkelkarlie] firstly I thought that this game uses D&D ruleset, but it uses the P&P rules from german ""The Dark Eye"""
,Recommended,249650,18757969,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,archcorenth,"I can't understand the bad reviews.  This is everything I want in a tacticle RPG game.  Every combat is a unique experience, often with puzzles for you to figure out to make things easier.  The story is interesting, with fun twists, the dialogue is well-written.  I particularly love the static town screens so that you don't have to talk to every uninteresting twit there to make sure you haven't missed anything.  My only slight negative is that the upgrade system is rather complicated, and I had to restart the game once after I figured it out."
,Recommended,249650,8848401,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,"dr. slit juice, MD","PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE REVIEWInitial Review: Ridiculously, pointlessly difficult. Enjoy 85% attacks missing 50% of the time. Marvel as you're pitted against overwhelming enemies while armed with Shakespearean costumes and sticks. Savor wasting money on healing bandages that DO NOT WORK. I understand a challenge, but this game is unplayably hard. Maybe I'm missing something, but the game is unbelievably frustrating.Upon further Review: Had to sleep on it and think of other approaches. OK so the game doesn't hold your hand. But if you give it some effort, time, and thought, you will find different ways to approach things. I was too harsh. The game just may be ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. Maybe I'm the dummy."
,Not Recommended,249650,30432546,Posted: 10 March,all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Blackguards is a turn based RPG game. A very difficult, very unforgiving one. The backbone of the game is made up by the Dark Eye system, a system similar to DnD and (from what I understand) very popular in Germany. I've played  alot of DnD, and read a lot about the game's system and guides before playing Blackguards, but didn't really feel like it made much of a difference. The RNG is very unforgiving, in that if your characters' builds are not razor optimized, you will have an incredibly difficult time with the game, more than it already is. I STRONGLY suggest looking at character guides and just following one to the T in terms of what are good skills, what are must haves, where to put your points, and the like, as it is very easy to render a character effectively useless in a battle as you continue to invest points in skills.Damage and  status efects stay with characters after fights, and consumables are in relatively short supply, meaning strings of fights become very dicey. Magic casting runs off of the same RNG as the melee attacks do, so it's possible to cast spells, have them fizzle entirely, but still lose mana - very frustrating since you then need to use one of your limited resources in money or mana potions to get them back to the point to where they can even begin to be useful again - or so you hope.These difficulties in learning the games system will unfortunately turn people away from what is a very enjoyable and very think-y turn based combat game. Almost every single individual map is handcrafted and presents new challenges to the party, and the game often forces you to use various party members in different compositions: Aggravating if you chose to focus on one in particular, but from a game design standpoint, if executed well lets you offer all sorts of new challenges. The problem lies in the game's very punishing permanent levellnig system. With no way to undo bad choices and mistakes (and don't be fooled: there ARE mistakes and just bad choices you can make in character builds), you might be stuck at a fight you now have no way of winning, fifteen hours into the campaign.The story is not particularly interesting, in my opinion, but I have played  alot of very intensely narrative focused games so I admit my bar may be set a little bit high. The characters are interesting, and it's fun to see a story told from the perspective of sly ne'er-do-wells rather than heroic caricatures. Unfortunately, I never really felt like anything groundbreaking or innovative was really done with the characters or situations they could have used, and instead it just sort of became background set up fora relatively generic story that could have been done with the more ""Usual Suspects"" of heroic characters.Ironically, I garnered the most fun from the game when my frustration was at its peak and I simply used Cheat Engine to level my characters to the max immediately, giving myself essentially unlimited skill points and ability points to make the characters I actually wanted to make. Due to the punishing RNG and the thoughtful, puzzle-y situations the game likes to put you in, in every single combat, this takes less of the challenge out of the game than you might immediately think (it DOES make it much easier, of course.). Your mileage may vary, but for someone that wants to experience the combat system and the story, i would actually recommend just cheat engining your characters to max level and giving them all the skills you want them to have, and then enjoy using them in the varied combat situations the games put you in.In the end, I give the game a thumbs down - but only because I think the game's opaqueness and difficulty in learning the system is such a a negative that many people will feel immediately turned off by a combinatioin of that and the game's innate difficulty that they'll be unable to enjoy the game for its positive sides."
76561198030627280,Recommended,249650,10716203,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Warnaboots,"The map and so-called adventure choices are little beyond token, though correctly executed. The story is very classic but does have a couple of courageous twists that deserve credit.Beyond the game system that you of course have to like or not (I do), the main highlights are:1) map design, creative and varied with many fun environment elements;2) difficulty: the game is very challenging at the highest difficulty level and keeps getting harder as you progress toward the last act (die you goddamn plant, die). Some maps or quests are quite tough and you'll need to use all you can to deal with the sheer brutality of special enemies. That's very refreshing from the usual strategy game curve (mildly difficult beginning to mid-game then disappointingly easy as your characters get IMBA).The interface is neat and even rather classy.All in all, quite a nice game if you're into the system."
76561198117765588,Recommended,249650,20761465,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,jjs82x,"SUMMARY: 8 stars out of 10.  A solid and highly enjoyable RPG!PROLOGUE: I show as having 88 hours playing this game, as of this review.  I probably actually was playing for 80 hours of that, for ONE playthrough. I am methodical and slow, so most of you whippersnappers who like to cut to the chase will likely finish in 40 hours or less.  I saw a lot of complaints about this game having spikes of frustratingly high difficulty, so I played the EASY/NOVICE setting, which I believe gives more Adventure Points (AP) than the other settings.  In retrospect, I can understand the complaints; but I never had that problem, maybe because of the easy setting, maybe for the most part because I pushed off what I suspected would be the tougher fights until I had more skills under my party's belts.  I ended the game with 1300 ducats (enough to ditch EVERYTHING the party needed and buy it all back again), lots of poisons, potions, provisions, projectiles, traps, and other stuff I never seemed to have the need to use.  I used one potion, and that in the second to last battle.  Perhaps on NORMAL difficulty I would have needed more...REVIEW:  This game has a main storyline which is fairly linear, but the available sidequests (and locations they open) make it feel less so.  The RPG character development system is versatile and refreshing: You can mold your characters by earning and using AP to buy levels in any of a myriad of basic traits, talents, weapon talents, special abilities, and (for magic users) spells.  You get AP by fighting battles and completing quests.  You do not get enough AP to turn your characters into super heros; but, if you do most of the sidequests, you will get enough to make them excellent in their chosen specialty (magic, melee, ranged) and solid in a second specialty and/or support.  One word of caution: this is not the game for those who want to destroy waves of hapless foes with giant fire or frost balls.  Using magic to buff teammates (and/or debuff enemies) will carry the day.There are approximately 180 fights available in the game, for those who wish to seek them all out, with plenty of tactical variety and some light ""in-fight"" puzzle solving.  In all but a few cases, the game clues you in to what is needed to make a fight easier.  For those few where they fall short, there is the internet: I used it about six times.  There were about three fights I elected to replay because I failed or did not like the outcome.  All in all, I found the combat to be satisfying.Some have complained of running out of ammo (the shops do not re-stock arrows and bolts); but I ran two archers and one crossbow, and did not come close to running out.  I think someone relied too heavily on ""triple shot"" and ""rain of arrows,"" which skills none of my characters learned.The storyline is nothing to write home about; and the ending cutscenes/wrap-up is lackluster.  But the character voice acting, approriate interjection of humor, and plot intrigue that is played out was, in my opinion, quite well done.Replay value is modest.  The plot twists and intrigue are a lot of what pulled me along the first time.  Your party characters are a mandatory set of (up to) five characters, only one of which you get to roll from scratch, and even HIM not entirely (name, gender and appearance are all set for you).  After almost 90 hours on record for my first run, another one (this time on NORMAL) will have to wait until I am up for it.  But, for the pittance I paid for the game (got it on a deep, DEEP discount), one run was overwhemingly worth the price!EPILOGUE / HINTS (which some might consider slightly spoilerish, but I will not give away plot.)-- Screw the game's advice:  Roll your own character from scratch the first time.  It is almost impossible to fail if you buy in as a magic user and start him out good at SOMETHING.-- Take magic, unless you are dead set on a heavy melee fighter.  the 500 AP cost might seem like a lot, but it is a pittance over the course of the game, compared to the advantages it gives.-- Continuing this line of thought, a dedicated heavy melee fighter is probably not the best choice, as you will eventually end up having two excellent ones foisted upon you.  You will be much better served with a magic buffer/healer who is good at bows.-- All your magic users should be good with staffs, or possibly daggers.-- Study spells carefully before trying to achieve high ranks in them.  For most spells, level 4 is not worth the cost.-- Hammer Blow (HB), coupled with level 3 ""Standfast Catlike"" buff is OP.-- The level 3 buff ""Move like Lightning"" (or some name llike that) is OP.-- A fighter simultaneously buffed with level 3 Lightning and Standfast, and also using HB, is beyond OP for most fights."
,Not Recommended,249650,21451324,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,RUM HAM,"15 Tiles away I'm shot through 3 barriers 6 times in a row..  I can't even hit a guy 1-3 tiles away with my fire spell, arrow, or sword..  I like a challenge but jesus..."
,Not Recommended,249650,30811946,Posted: 29 March,all,Cusser,"It is easy to forget that RNGESUS is a wrathful and jealous god. I thank the developers for reminding me that although a game might look ""sweet"" on the surface, there is an unfair, unforgiving, and unbalanced mechanic lurking beneath ready to drain all the fun out of the experience.""For lo I say unto ye our lord's rod is stiff, long and hard and he rolls a natural 20. Yea the unbeliever might do the math and sayeth he that 75% chance to hit means there is only a 1 in 4 chance to miss, but blaspheme not so! For the lord will punish ye all the way through to 95% chance to hit. Ye shall miss as certain as ye have bound the quick load/save to ye mouse buttons."" -Numbers 1:20."
76561198075904582,Recommended,249650,12400950,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Bakermat,"I bought the game on sale last week because I never really played a turn-based RPG before and wanted to give this genre a try. As it wasn't too expensive it seemed like a choice without too many risks. I never heard of the game before and didn't read up on any tips to be able to start with a clear and unbiased spirit.So far I have to admit I am really enjoying it. The story, characters and global setting don't appeal that much too me, although everything is more than correct. The story isn't that special, but forms the perfect background for the many fights I encountered so far.And it's in this domain that the game really shines for me. Every fight (or almost every) I had so far really left some room for your own tactic. At the very start of the game I was a bit overwhelmed by the turn-based approach (as I  never played it before), but after a while you really get the hang of it. I like the fact that you have to think about the placement of every character aswell as which attack to use. The fact that it's turn-based also allows you to really plan your next move. Some fights were challenging, but I never got the feeling that it isn't fair so far.I also really appreciate the fact that you can upgrade and shape your characters as you like it. The game allows you to create your party like YOU want to play it.I only spent about 6 hours in the game so far, but I am sure many more will follow."
76561198011864330,Recommended,249650,28277018,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,baggywhacker,"So having finally finished the game, time for a quick review.Is it worth buying?Eh, just about. It's regularly on sale for £2 or £3, and I got 70hrs out of it, so on that basis you'd be a whiny little ♥♥♥♥♥ to complain.Is it any good?Eh, just about. It's a classic TBS affair. The storyline's OK, but gets kinda convoluted throughout the game so by the end, you've pretty much lost the plot and stopped caring. Something to do with a Whisper...? Anyway.One big plus is the characters and writing. They're generally a likeable bunch and have good banter between them, and often their conversations raise a chuckle.Progress is extremely limited - you won't be working your way up through half a dozen better and better sets of gear as you progress: in fact, once you've got a complete set by around chapter 2, you can pretty much forget about upgrading any more. So if you're a loot junky and love waiting for the loot windows at the end of every fight to see what shiny new gear your heroes are getting, you'll be disappointed.Having said that, if you simply enjoy the basics of TBS combat and love moving your guys around a hexboard and using your new skills/spells to smash zombies in the face, you'll enjoy yourself.OverallIt's not the best TBS out there, but it's not awful. The thrill fades throughout the game so towards the end finishing it off becomes as much a chore as a pleasure, but at 90% off there's no reason TBS fans shouldn't have it in their library."
,Not Recommended,249650,9066361,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,grimm,"♥♥♥♥♥poor balance and restrions on play style leave this more frustrating than terrible, i would like to enjoy the game, but the rebel in me demands more. if you have the time to constantly re start until you have purchased the correct items you need to succeed then i am sure you will enjoy the game, me personally find it too laborious to continue and after a week it has found its way to the relegated crap pile of my game list. only buy this if you are a saintly person who believes everything has its merrits."
,Not Recommended,249650,8871290,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,The Coon,"This is the worst game i have played in  long time.  Story is linear and boring.  it's cut scene after cut scene forcing you thr4ough the story interupted but completely unbalanced fights.  i have a dwarf in the game who wields a two handed hammer, and i cant hit an unarmoured wizard, on top of that when i do land a blow, the wizard deals more damage to me with his melee attack.  so the mechanics are sort of broken and frustrating.  It is ultimately a bad story mixed with crappy game mechanics (BTW i am playing on normal).  There is no exploration into the game.  i have played 10+ hours worth so far.  just go hear kill this go hear kill that, save this maiden, do this task.  etc...  If you decide you want to gain some xp before you move forward so the game doesnt kill you very easily you do not have an option.  you have to crank the diff down to easy and then it becomes boring and dull with no real challenge.So the two options i found where ridiculously hard and non sensical (wizard does more melee damage than a two handed melee weilding dwarf)or easy and equivelant to pressing play on a bad fantasy movie every now and again to get the story going.  i would not recomend this game to anyone, especially not for $40.  I love turn based fantasy games.  grew up on the dark sun TSR games, baldurs gate, and way back to hero quest in the late 80's.  so it's definetely up my alley."
76561198040346040,Recommended,249650,7744560,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Zergjerk,Really fun turn and hex based rpg. Reminds me of Fallout 1. Solid gameplay it is still early acess so some FPS issues on some areas. Char development is beefy loads of skills to put ur points in and will easly overwhelm a person not used to rpgs like Fallout 1 and NwN.  I recomend this game to all. as i said still early acsess so loads of potential.
,Recommended,249650,12985732,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,angeloftheodd,"I enjoyed this game (hence the recommendation) but I really must caveat this, because this game is a cruel mistress.Pros and cons as follows, because how much each point sways you will govern how much you get out of this game.On the whole I enjoyed it.Pros:- Funny dialogue and interesting characters. Naurim might be the greatest character in Western RPG history- Deep strategy. There are lots of environment effects, ways to optimise and spells to learn.- Good voice acting. Genuinely good and a nice array of accents. Apart from the main characters female voice- Dark, gritty artistic direction. Few games capture being and anti-hero so well, with murky non-binary decision making- Challenge. Good god the challenge.Cons-  It's a bit... broken. Little things that seem to have been left incomplete, or lack polish. This includes a few bugs with quests and achievements. A good example is that the combat controls list auto-save, but if you try to use it, the game says you can't.- Not explaining things. Sometimes you will see environmental effects or objects, but have no idea what they are or do until they kill you. Sometimes it will drop you in a level with a special win condition, but it won't be clear what it is. This is fine once you work it out, but causes a bit of trial-and-error frustration- The ending is, well, balls. Quite simply. There are apparently multiple endings, but to me the last chapter and ending felt a bit rushed."
76561198042267583,Not Recommended,249650,29692484,Posted: 4 February,all,New Chalcedon,"OK; I've just spent a couple of days playing this game, and I think I'm about ready to turn in my verdict.Pros:- Interesting storyline;- Decent(ish) combat engine;- Some downright funny moments.Cons:- Opaque combat mechanics (i.e., lack of walkthrough, ingame pedia or other assistance to help understand these numbers getting crunched);- Zurbaran is USELESS *sadface*;- The. Baroness. OMG, the Baroness....where to start. The bonus objective is only achieveable if you've looked up where the traps are placed - and that's just to start!- Siege of Morbal. Nothing ticks one off quite like pushing ahead, winning a tough battle....then, as you're winning, having a rock fall on two characters' heads at once, taking them entirely out of the fight arbitrarily!- No ""RP"" in ""RPG"" - it's a combat grinder, little more. There are hints of an interesting story, but no background, no dialogue, no choices....Overall, Blackguards feels very, very old-school (think JRPG from the mid-90s, but darker and edgier) - 2014 was better than this! Would not recommend unless on significant discount..."
,Not Recommended,249650,26721996,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jalmardo,"Ok I'm done. Got in to a decent start and I thought the game is alright. But then came the baroness rescue. Tried to bang my head against the impossible for several hours. Gave up. In terms of making a game challenging, it has to be executed in some different way than throwing you into an impossible situation which requires basically every dice roll to go on your favor in a maximum way. Otherwise, reload and against the same situation again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again. Nuff said? Yeah. Killed all the fun for me. Luckily I got this game with a 90% discount and got a few hours of pretty decent fun. It's a terrible shame really, it would've been interesting to dwell deeper into the storyline. The characters seemed pretty interesting with their personalities. Oh well, now I'm off to uninstall this piece of garbage."
76561198055250612,Recommended,249650,31720479,Posted: 13 May,all,Sagil,"A great RPG based on the Dark Eye system, but with a few flaws. It's been a while since I played, but here's my take:The Good:* Engaging storyline with memorable characters* Good conversion of the Dark Eye system with a few tweaks for balance* Each combat is different thanks to hand-crafted maps with interactive environmentsThe Bad:* The Astral regeneration mechanic pretty much forces you to artificially prolong fights so that your casters can regain their astral power (as this only works during combat), making mid-to-late-game combats more painful than fun* Not available under LinuxThere also used to be a few issues with to-hit percentages not showing up correctly (showing 95% even if your chance was much less) and lack of in-game help on mechanics, but I believe these have largely been addressed now."
76561198044768454,Recommended,249650,16618127,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LC,"They said it was hard. They said it was rough. My advice is: watch a couple basic-tutorial-videos on youtube to know what the hell you are doing with the AP system. If you understand that, you'll have real blast. Without giving anything away, the whole Mengbila bit is great! I mean, the sort of thing they throw at you is.... And the finale of that...Bottom line: take a bit of time to learn how the game works, choose the character creation expert mode, especialize your characters and have fun. Great purchase."
76561198076666056,Not Recommended,249650,32719881,Posted: 24 June,all,D.H Ginting,"My biggest gripe is that you can miss 3 times in a row even with 90%+ hit chance thus making the battle very tedious especially toward the end game. Also, magic users are penalized too heavily by restricting them to only be able to wear about 20% armor of the non magic users' armor. While the story telling is quite good, it is very linear most of the time, even though the game sometimes ask you to choose, they dont seem to matter. The graphic is decent imo.Overall i have a hard time to recommend this game, i enjoyed the first half part of the game, but like i said, the battle becomes very boring and frustrating because my 90%+ hit chance failed to hit.I will be going to blackguards 2 now, hope the sequel has more worth than this."
76561198011351873,Not Recommended,249650,8872279,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,madmaxx,"TL;DR: If you like a game of chance, play roulette. If you like RPGs, buy a real RPG, if you like tactical combat, buy XCOM. But dont buy Blackguards.After 10 hours of playing the game, the game is simply over for me. I am stuck at an impossible fight, the autosave is at a point were I cannot make any meaningful alterations to who fights anymore. And the fight is unwinable with the character I build.Now, dont get me wrong. Its not a badly build character. Its a very straightforward mage. Its not underleveled either for I did every single quest so far. But if your character is a mage, and you dont build it in one very specific way, you will be stuck at the beginning of chapter 2. It is impossible to progress, since there are no potions or pieces of mage armor available so you usually just get one-shot.Unfortunately, this happens quite often in Blackguards. The game is not balanced - at all. You can in theory build a character, but if you build anything other than a fighter or a very specific mage, you just get stuck in impossible fights - like the one that ended my game.I had fights like this before, and I got through them by just reloading for two hours until the RNG finally turned into my favor.  Here is an example:In one fight, turn one, my main character would get shot and fall on his♥♥♥♥♥about 90% of the time. That means the fight is over - I lacked the DPS to win and he would just continually be shot down. There is nothing you can do against this either. You cannot prepare for fights - all spells etc. can only cast once you are IN the fight. So right away 9/10 cases, I had to reload. If my character managed to dodge, I now had to get a very specific spell of to make sure he wont get shot down every single time. However, the spell barely ever got used so it failed in 3/10 cases. If it failed, reload.So right away I could only progress in 3% of the cases. Of course the rest of the fight also included a lot of luck.Sure with a different character build that wouldnt have happened - but if the game is only beatable with some very specific builds than either dont give the players the option to build their characters, or rebalance the fights.This is the main problem of Blackguards - the game is not skillbased, its largely RNG. That means that dicerolls decide outcomes of fights, not your skill or ingenuity. This makes the whole experience hugely frustrating.And its not frustrating in a good way. In Dark Souls, it is extremely frustrating but you know its your fault, and if you get good enough, if you finally figure all the patterns out, you beat it, and its awesome. In Blackguards, you beat a frustrating fight and the only thing you feel is 'finally its over'. Because its not skill that won the fight, its just that for pure random chance the dice have fallen in your favor.Almost every fight in the game is like this. The few fights that arent usually have a very simple to figure out environmental danger that you have to activate in order to basically get a free win.Until this game actually gets balanced, dont buy it."
,Recommended,249650,9743031,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Bumpy McSquigums,"Hello!  This is a game that seems to have nearly a 50/50 split on good and bad comments/reviews.  I've been working through a fairly long LP of this game and I figure that I probably should weigh-in as well.  I am 100% for this game and I'll list the reasons why down below.  I'll give a short version and a long version for those that want it.If anyone is interested in seeing a bit more of how the game plays out before picking it up, or just wants to enjoy my struggles and successes, feel free to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InfeXUTUooc&list=PLtzgP48ATFJD01tDF_OJ7aNixtraiTUBtor for any of my other games:https://www.youtube.com/bumpymcsquigumsShort version:Blackguards is a tactical, squad-based, turn-based rpg.  The story is very funny at times and quite dark throughout.  You have quite a bit of freedom in regards to how to train your party, what equipment, skills and abilities each person should have.  You are on a linear path, but there is freedom in that as well.  There is, of course, the main quest line to advance the story, (which I find rather entertaining, it's funny, but also dark) and there are several side quests that you CAN do, or miss.  (I missed a few)  There are some things I don't like, (RNG makes things rough and a few multiple battles means one bad decision early can be terrible for you) but overall those can be overcome and dealt with.  I recommend saving often, as I SHOULD have been doing all along.  Still, I think this is by far one of the best games in the tactical, squad-based, turn-based rpg games I've played in a long time.  I really don't understand all the negativity towards the game.  :(The Long Version:Blackguards is a tactical, squad-based, turn-based rpg.  The story is very funny at times and quite dark throughout. :)The Good:The pacing of the game is fun and very enjoyable and this IS one of the longer games of it's type that I've played in recent memory.  The fact that there's more to the battles than just your attacks/skills/spells abilities is a very refreshing change.Now, I love X-COM and I know this game catches some comparison to it, but even in the different missions in X-COM you pretty much just killed all the aliens.  There's different objectives in battle as well as usable/destroyable terrain.  Sometimes you might have to rush across a bridge to save someone within ""x"" number of turns.  Maybe you are escaping from prison and you can fight the guards, or free other prisoners to fight them off for you.  There's usually several ways to achieve the goal and they add enough different things to keep you guessing AND make it entertaining.You are part of a story. so the linear gameplay makes sense.  There are flashbacks and you learn pretty quickly what all is going on, well for the most part.  There's still a lot you need to discover, but the story is well written even if it's a bit cheesey at times and overly dark at others.  The voice acting is quite a bit better than I would have expected.  I personally think they did an exceptional job in this department.  The music and graphics are also very well done.The different characters you can pick up for your party all play pretty differently.  The nice thing is you DO have a say in all of their training/gear/abilities after what they have initially.  A mage plays very different from a warrior, who plays very different from an archer.  One of the things I did was had a third mage like character and transitioned her into an archer as I lost my archer a bit earlier on.  So she can use a bow decently well and has spells to fall back on.I think 90% of the battles are pretty balanced, but every so often you get a battle that just makes you think and rethink your strategy 100 times over before you get it.The game is unique, I haven't seen anything quite like this before.  The concept isn't so different from a lot of other games, but the setting, the story, even just the idea of having a group of misfits, criminals, drug-addicts as the ""heroes""is fairly different from the norm.I could go on and on about the ""good"" of the game, but I want to address the few issues that I have come across that you may want to know about.  It's a very good game, but nothing is perfect.  :)The Bad : (or Frustrating if you will)The RNG can be exceptionally frustrating at times and bad decisions can bring you to a screeching halt.  I don't recommend ""save scumming"" but I DO recommend saving often, as there are many multiple battles with no way to back out.  There were a few times that I ran into a battle that I made a bad decision in the fight before it and it cost me quite a few stressful attempts to survive.  I have also fought a few battles without really changing my tactics and only managed to win because RNG (Randon Number Generations, i.e. Luck) was in my favor.  One fight in particular that I fought 4 times or more, I did MINOR changes but it really came down to my person not missing as much.  In all  honesty, this is really the only BAD thing.  Now, if I had chosen a different team setup in the previous fight, it probably would have been easier.Some of the other ""Bad"" things in the game would be more about personal preferences.  I personally play both open world games as well as linear.  Some people hate linear games.  I don't mind it as I find the story is usually tighter, better told and more memorable in the linear games.  You have less ""distractions"".  You have a main quest line you have to follow and it advances the story.  You can't do stuff from chapter 5 in chapter 1.  There are several side quests however and you can do those whenever you feel like each chapter.  I skipped a few or missed a few in chapter 1 as I wasn't 100% sure which was which.  There's no free-roaming, it's towns, points of interests, people of interests that you click on a map and throughout the cities.    So it's the world map, town maps, area maps, or the battle map you deal with.  Again, I don't mind it, but some people will.You have only 3 choices for your main character.  Archer, Warrior, Mage (not sure what ""specific"" names they give those classes).  However, you have a lot of freedom on how you want to train your character and the members of your party.  The game slowly teaches you how to play, so it may start a bit slow with all the tutorial messages popping up, but the tutorial DOES do a good job at teaching you what you need to know.Occasionally the camera angles can be a bit annoying or cumbersome, but it's not much of an issue overall.It might seem like there's a lot bad here, but in reality it's just a lot of detail.  Most of which is personal preference or it limits you....only a little, but again, some people hate any limitations.Bottom Line:The game is very fun, and makes you think.  You will breeze through some fights and then just hang your head in shame in others.  You have a set path to follow, but you can take several side streets along the way and the ride is very enjoyable.  I really really like Blackguards and I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Tactical, squad-based, turn-based strategy rpg games.  It has a few problems, but the good outweighs the bad by a landslide.  This is a shining gem from Daedalic Entertainment, well....a Darkly Shining Gem!  Check it out!"
76561198103651772,Recommended,249650,25406389,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Vigi React,"I understand the negative reviews. The ruleset is complicated, and even more jarring perhaps to those used to D&D attributes and rules. That is why you should do as the game suggests and play on Normal difficulty and use the Basic (pre-made) character if it is your first time and unfamiliar to The Dark Eye. That's exactly what I did, and by the time I play a second time, I'll know enough of this convoluted system to choose a different class and choose my own stats.It's a really fun strategy RPG, with an emphasis placed on usable objects on the battlefield, and unique battle maps. Every fight seems to have a ""hook"" to it. You will, however, spend hours looking at the manual, in-game tutorial and rules menu, and ultimately guides to explain what the hell is REALLY going on.Talent modifiers to aid failed skill checks; Damage types as diverse and odd as Infantry, Piercing, Fire, Bashing and Magic (No, there is fire magic, it's just, well, the system is weird, OK); 3 separate attribute checks just to cast one spell; finally figuring out what the ♥♥♥♥ Armor Rating and Encumbrance really mean. This is for all the true OGs of CRPGs."
76561198133064279,Recommended,249650,22834040,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,erwauford,"This is a pretty fun game.  There are a lot of looading pages, and even though the game auto saves before and after a battle, it is best to make your own save file. If you loose a battle, and the game reloads, it will autosave again, and unless you have your own save file, you'll be stuck in an endless loop until you succeed, and sometimes those battles weren't ment to be entered yet.The voiceacting is actually pretty welldone. I was suprised. The art is decent, the story thus far is very predictable, but still enjoyable. There's lots of side quests you can complete. It seems to be a good idea to do them, just to get the experience and the points to spend on spells, and abilities. Makes the game a little easier, and allows for more battle options.I'm not a fan of the buying system. There's seems to be a limited number of arrows. After buying all of them in a shop, it seems they don't restock. I've come back to shops after many battles to see if they resupply, but it doesn't seem they do. The potion prices are rediculous. Though you shouldn't need them very often.There is a little bit of a freedom  aspect. At a certain point you can choose where you want to go, and dialog options give you different results. You can choose which side to be on in some battles.I give the game a 6/10. It's nothing special, but I do enjoy playing the game."
,Not Recommended,249650,29684341,Posted: 3 February,all,Agent Cythera,"Someone else put this much better than I ever could.I don't remember who said it, or the exact words, but it was something to the tune of ""This game is like a wax apple.""It looks beautiful on the outside, and there's really no reason it should be bad, but the feel of the game is artificial, slow, and not very good.Supposedly Blackguards 2 is better, but I haven't played it myself. This one kinda left a bad taste."
,Not Recommended,249650,25424840,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ECkce,"I really want to like this game. It just feels off. Like the whole time I'm going up hill. None of the missions really ever seem fair. My spells never work. I miss all the time. Constantly feel like I don't have enough money. The character progression skill trees are overwhelming and confusing at best.There are two missions that I tried over and over to beat, and absolutely can not beat them. I end up just taking the 'failure' option and feel bad about myself. Maybe I just suck at this game, but it feels like there is no way to really be good at it. I can't even 'grind' to level up my guys. It's just one disapointment after another."
76561198041702499,Recommended,249650,10341087,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Dovahham,"Have you ever played Dungeons and Dragons with a Dungeon Master that absolutely hates you? Do you like campaigns in which dialogue options are almost meaningless and the plot is confusing? Well if you haven't, Blackguards can fill that void for you.The plot isn't bad. It captured my attention fairly early and has some nice twists in it. The main focus of this game, however, is the combat system. I love the combat in this game. Blackguards uses a version of tabletop rules to fuel its combat. There are even simulated dice rolls for damage and hit chance. Unfortunately, (or fortunately depending) pretty much every dialogue option leads to some sort of cliche combat. Very rarely is there a non-combat solution to anything.The character creation is pretty cool also. There are two modes; basic and advanced. The creation is very open and is manipulated by AP (adventure points (I think)). Using these points (earned from combat and completion of quests), you can add talents, special abilities, spells, and basic attributes to your character, none being restricted to your character (except spells in some cases).Unfortunately, this game does have some downsides. Some of the encounters are downright frustrating and (at least for me), very difficult. A number of times I've had to walk away from the game or take a break. These particular encounters seem to me generated specifically to be hard and not at all story oriented. I won't go into much detail about them so I don't spoil the ""fun"" for you. On the plus side however, there is no penalty for losing as the game forces you to keep trying unless you load a previous save before the encounter.The graphics are actually quite nice and are better than I expected. The layout for combat is excellent, using hex-tiles and a partially destructible environment. The cities however seem more like pretty backdrops for my character sheets and are fairly dull.I would recommend this game if you are an avid tabletop gamer looking for your D&D fix, or someone who appreciates tabletop games.7.5/10"
76561198028352716,Not Recommended,249650,8917356,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Ashley Schaeffer,"Fantasy Adventure with a dark and mature story eh? Ummm... more like a very PG Fantasy Adventure.Leading a band of misfits, scoundrels, criminals, outcasts, etc. sounded pretty cool, but that was far far from the case when I actually started to get moving along in the game. Blackguards in title and story is very ho-hum and has you playing the hero at almost every turn doing errands for NPCs... not really what I was expecting given how the store page spins the hype around it. Sure there are a few choice options that cater to your supposed anti-heroism but they are few and far between.True to its billing I did clock in completing the game in about 40 hours. I liked the game for what it was (i've played better/worse turn based RPGs) and will most likely play it again with a different hero build but I'm not really in any rush to do so."
76561197971066870,Not Recommended,249650,34267333,Posted: 15 August,all,Plumpykind,"This game sucks.  Chance to hit enemy 100%.  MISS.  BLOODY HELL.  The devs can rot in hell.  It seems the only goal of this game is to frustrate the gamer and nothing else.  Good thing I bought this on a sale.  Never ever touching this developer ever again.  Utter Garbage.Stay far away from it unless you want to chew a mouthful of crushed glass.  And even then that might be more fun than this excuse of a ""game""."
,Recommended,249650,17745317,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Moonbear,"Very oldschool-ish RPG with turn-based fights, rich dialogues and wide character advancement options.Pros:1. RNG (it makes the fights so challenging)2. Dialogues with humor and consequences3. Rather advanced character development system with lots of attributes, talents and special skills4. Plot twistsCons:1. RNG (when it stops being fun it becomes so annoying you will sometimes hate it)2. Not so many useful spells3. Crappy loot system (traders don't refresh their inventories, lots of similar useless weapons, limited ammunition supply, mage armor almost non-existent)4. Buggy achievementsStill highly recommended to any RPG fan."
76561198011513677,Not Recommended,249650,31288039,Posted: 21 April,all,Southiesox,"Presents a problem when you hit a wall because you cant beat the bad guys.  Theyll talk about strategy and whatnot, but the reality of it is, when youre missing on high % shots (at least a high % based on what the computer tells you) strategy doesnt matter.  Theres nothing more disheartening than watching your team drop one by one and knowing there is nothing you can do to stop it..just load last game.  This imbalance causes more frustration than the game is worth.  Could have been better, just wasnt."
76561198028494830,Not Recommended,249650,33214114,Posted: 3 July,all,meritone,"It's been a pretty bad experience.  Several of the fights have 'gotcha' gimmicks that aren't apparent until it screws you, then you replay the fight and stop the gimmick.  Its so tedious, especially when layered on top of the overwhelming rng.Good god, the rng.  These old school game mechanics have been mostly dropped by modern devs for a good reason, they're just anti fun.  Having your plan be ruined by missing several +80% chance attacks in a row is beyond frustrating.  It makes the fights success or failure be up to rng, and at that point, why am I even playing?  Could just throw a pile of dice onto a table and have the same experience..."
,Not Recommended,249650,31160757,Posted: 15 April,all,LeeboyPancakes,"""Listen to me my boy. The possibility of you connecting this next attack is %95. But the possibility for that possiblity to be possible is only %2.""I bought this game with a bundle discount and i still regret it. Altough this game has great potential, the whole rng system makes everything so frustrating. And trust me, I'm saying this as a person who's blessed by rngeesus himself. When you slay through all the enemies in one go after ragequitting months ago for missing five million turns on the goddamn 3rd fight into the game, I believe it's safe to say that there is something wrong with the whole system. There are times that this game feels almost unplayable. I hate downvoting Daedalic Entertainment games, but I must do it for a second time unfortunately."
76561198080833647,Recommended,249650,16344987,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Durgine,"Enjoyed the game, but recommend playing on easy and getting about half way through, then restartting on hard.  The system is brutal if you do not plan your character build out in advance, wasted skill points can wreck you later on and on hard there isn't any room for error.Great entertainment."
76561197975369894,Not Recommended,249650,9164659,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,bigbryon,"No No No.  Soooo frustrating to do the same fight OVER and OVER trying to figure out how to pass each level - not fun at all.I've been itching for some RPG strategy that is unique and fun - I played the demo and thought - wow, this is well done.Then...  I ran into the first ""Strategy levels"".  Really, try and save the Baroness with the Mage character I selected.  Not gonna happen without 30 attempts or better.Then...  Try and beat the level where the ranged guy keeps hitting the same character over and over with a knockdown ability - oh sure, you can put up a magic barrier - but then it fades or the spell fizzles - oh, fun times - try again...I paid HOW much for this?  Why didn't they stick to fun strategy like positioning and skill choices?  Not ""I have to do exactly what they say or I fail"" - This could have been such a fun game...  I am saddened..."
76561198028351123,Recommended,249650,15842374,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,xanuphel,"First time I played this through, I got myself stuck in a position where it was impossible to proceed.  I'd just get wiped over and over again in the late game.  My first impression was that the game was broken.  It's not broken.  It's difficult, challenging, it assumes you know what you're doing from the very beginning of the game.  I read up on preferred magic spells and melee builds and then I went in for a second play through.  BOOM, my team kicks so much butt that even though I do a WTF! occasionally at the sometimes Xcom-like RNG, I'm still enjoying what Blackguards has to offer.  It's not like there's a lot of information on this game.  But one dude (vigomiller) on Gamefaq put together the most comprehensive guide to helping me understand how to succeed at this game and now I have to recommend both the game and the guide."
,Not Recommended,249650,15208894,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Aug,"First: Blackguards isn't bad or good.  It's just extremely mediocre.  If you're into D&D alternatives and dig X-Com, it probably won't waste your time.  But I can't recommend it for most people.The character customization is surprisingly lacking, despite the illusion of choice.  There are twice as many attributes as a D&D system, but they all just sum together to increase your attack, dodge chance, initiative, etc.  There are only a handful of combat abilities to use, so there's not a lot of choice as far stabbing/shooting.  The magic users are more nuanced; there are a ton of spells, each with 4 tiers, so you're constantly weighing the cost/benefit of those.Combat itself is very similar to X-Com or D&D 4.0: you get either a move and an action, or a double move.  This all occurs on a hex-grid, and most maps have some sort of interactable element to spice it up.  They do an admirable attempt to differentiate the levels, but you will take place in about a billion combat scenarios, so a lot of them inevitably feel repetitive.  You'll probably be skipping side quests by the end out of boredom.The plot is pretty linear.  There are batches of side quests that open up at various points, but none of them augment the main plot line at all.  It's your typical RPG ""save my daughter"" or ""escort my caravan"" kind of stuff.  You become enslaved and forced to fight in a gladiatorial arena at one point, so that's pretty neat."
,Not Recommended,249650,24291529,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Midguardian,"I can't have more than an hour into this game, and it's already crashed twice on loading screens. I force-quit it on the third non-tutorial level.I'm a big fan of daedalic, and I champion myself as being well versed in every turn based RPG of this nature. But this feels like it was never play-tested. It genuinely feels like no one sat down and played it, as a game, and said ""okay, these elements work mechanically, but from a game-perspective, they dont."" Every single time you miss a hit, and your enemy never misses at all, and you sit there for a dozen turns soaking up damage for what feels like--no strategic reason, you realise, ""Oh great, this is one of those games where I need to return to town every ♥♥♥♥ing time I finish a level, to heal up""Why? Why not just heal back to full between missions? What purpose does returning to the inn after every mission serve as an improvement to the pacing of the game? If you take a bow for your caster (I mean, that makes sense right, you've read the reviews, you know you're gonna run out of mana and you're a ranged character) and you switch to it, and ""Oh, I'm pointblank range with this monster. Hit chance 25% 4dmg"" monster has 20 hp. Wtf. So statistically it should take me 20 ♥♥♥♥ing turns to kill this? I'm not talking about this being late game and you made a series of bad choices. This is the first mission that doesn't hand-hold you through a required tutorial.Turns out, yes. It's going to take you twenty ♥♥♥♥ing turns to do anything, while trying to negotiate the ridiculous gimmick (plug those lice holes! Pull those levers!) no. I was done. The game is not balanced in any satisfying way. It's not ""challenging"". At best, it just challenges your patience to see how many times you can watch your ridiculously weak spell miss for the 20th time, before you realise there's absolutely no pay-off. I understand miss and dodge mechanics. But when your game is structured around you missing more than 50% of the time... there's no fun in that. No one is sitting at home playing this game thinking ""Oh oh oh, I missed! What fun! That's 3 in the row!"""
76561198036351598,Not Recommended,249650,10777847,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ferrin,"Let's start with character creation; You seem to have a lot of choices, but most of these are just number-crunching to get the few choices that matter. Although even those are just a numbers game, just bigger numbers. You can also choose your starting equipment, this is pretty neat, if it weren't for the fact that you lose all of your equipment after your first combat.Speaking of combat, every action you do has a high chance of failing, from casting a spell to setting a trap to swinging a club. The chance to hit or be succesful is made harder by your enemies' defenses. Wait, that's not all, the damage range of your weapons goes from 1-6, 5-10, or 4-12 for example, this damage is further reduced by your enemies' damage reduction %, and flat damage reduction. This means that on top of the abnormally high miss chance(plus dodge and parry chances!), actually dealing damage is stupendously hard. Now imagine most enemies have around the same health as you, 30ish. So what do you do? You wail on the enemies until they fall down, hoping you even hit them. This makes combat feel sluggish, your actions meaningless, and generally make you waste time.The story? You get to choose which lines are said first.. sometimes. It also appears you get some dialogue options at times. None of these worked, and didn't work the few times I did try them. Perhaps they work later in the game when you have a higher Charisma? Thing is, I maxed my charisma, it wouldn't go higher, so why have those options there at the start anyway? To waste my time? Make me feel like I have a choice? No, this is another kick to the nuts this game gives."
76561198038346073,Recommended,249650,8475125,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Vaelheru,"Really loving this game! Not sure why but the combat reminds me of one of my all time favourite games, Betrayal at Krondor. Only on first chapter still, wish the tutorials were a little better explained but through gameplay you can figure things out.If you like turn-based games definately pick this one up."
76561197995427314,Not Recommended,249650,8873689,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,HoroSaga,"At a glance, Blackguards is a fun foray into the turn-based tactical genre. The system is both simple and overly complex at the same time, but it balances out nicely. The graphics and the storyline certainly aren't anything to write home about, but for a turn-based game they are more than acceptable - after all, the real focus of any turn-based strategy game is going to be the combat, not the sparkling wit or crisp graphics.Unfortunately, the combat is where things really fall apart.That's not to say that the combat system itself is at fault. It's passable, and roughly analogous to Dungeons & Dragons. The real problem is that many of the set-piece battles are designed to be inherently unfair. Even on the easiest difficulty, you'll often struggle with scenarios that are designed to be one step short of impossible. You'll often find your character(s) stripped of their equipment and forced to use random items that you don't have the skill to use. You'll often find yourself thrown into insane battlefields filled with literally dozens of hidden traps, endless hordes of respawning opponents, or obtuse victory conditions that require you to interact with five or more scattered pieces of scenery. Somewhere along the line, the designers seem to have gotten just a bit too clever about their level designs, inadvertantly making many encounters more frustrating than fun.Fortunately, the developers made several adjustments as the game went through early release - so if you can power through the first two chapters (Chapter Two is particularly frustrating), then you'll find that the game opens up a good deal. At that point it becomes a much more enjoyable experience, although still occasionally plagued with annoyingly obtuse map design (one optional ""arena"" map can easily take an hour or more to finish due to it's maze-like design and infinitely spawning enemies).If you're a hardcore strategy gamer, then Blackguards is certainly worth buying. For anyone even slightly more casual, though, you should probably give Blackguards a pass."
76561198041117147,Not Recommended,249650,33942237,Posted: 31 July,all,slisenko1982,This game is a nightmare to play.  I would say 20% of this game is good the rest has you hitting your head against a wall.  Also if that not enough the game will crash your whole pc about every 1-2hrs or in the later movie segment.  I got near the end where you fight the king almost kill him game crashes.  I  just to finnally gave up on this game unistal this crap.  only positive is i got this on salep.s. don't torture yourself like me.
,Recommended,249650,17579331,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Spheryn,"So I've recently started Blackguards, and despite initially feeling a bit iffy on whether or not I would like it, I can say I've been pleasantly surprised. The plot line is good, with enough mystery to leave you wondering at what's happened (alongside the protagonist, who can be either male or female, and is voiced appropriately) and what's going to happen next.I haven't quite finished the game yet, but would recommend it to anyone. The characters are vibrant, each with their own personalities and quirks, and the battles are satisyfingly challenging."
,Not Recommended,249650,12468776,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sadryon,"For all the hype this game received it truly is infuriantingly awful!The story is trope-ridden and uncompelling, a flaw which is compounded by the lack of any sense of progression due to enemies quickly becoming ridiculously overpowered (don't even get me started on the Iribar lily).Combining an AP system with the need to locate a highly specific trainer to attain certain special abilities really damages the game, if you save up your AP hoping to find a trainer for a particular you find the enemies outclassing you due to the lack of uninvested points. When even a single missed hit can cost you the battle (which are frequently overly long) it seems counter-productive to have such low hit chances even when the relevant weapon skill is maxed out and complimentary stats are high.I'm sure if you are a veteran of The Dark Eye, the choice of character build could be optimised such that the battles are easier; on the other hand the highly repetitive battle sequences, lack of character placement pre-battle, dreadful story, and lacklustre town interface probably wouldn't make the game enjoyable.I was genuinely looking forward to this game heralding a new wave of turn-based/tactical rpgs (of which i am a great fan), but now I am left sincerely hoping the publisher never curses the world with a sequel."
76561197971458919,Not Recommended,249650,12756103,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Karn,"I don't even know how to explain the lackluster gameplay. Simple put, if you enjoy games where you have to lose battles a dozen times to memorize trap locations, constantly fight unbalanced matches and only like to stick with non-intuitive,  cookie cutter builds, then this game is definitely for you.If you want to experiment with unique builds, play melee or just want some fun battles and original gameplay, look elsewhere, this really isnt for you.Not even a couple of hours into the game and I realised that the battle mechanics are absolutely one of the worst i've seen, in over a decade of playing turn based strategy games. It's another perfect example of developers compensating for horrible AI, by overpowering the player.A few other problems: This isnt tactical, it's nearly impossible to be tactical in this game because the maps are way too simple, if you're looking for XCOM style tactics, this is nowhere close. Most of the obstacles can be shot through and they provide no additional defense(unless of course the enemy is behind them, in which case they will shoot from behind their obstacle and also through yours and still knock you down with an arrow, from the other end of the map), even with 90% hit chance you will constantly miss.I've never once wanted to give up on a game so fast but I already see no incentive to continue with this game, it's just so boring and unrewarding for the difficulty. I regret buying it, even at the sale price of $15.Please, for your sake, ignore the steam reviews and do some proper online research before buying this game."
76561198041219230,Recommended,249650,25788448,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,mmmth,"The visuals of this game are in real stark contrast with the game mechanics. Everything looks very nice, but when it comes to the combat, skill system, rest periods and so forth, the game begins to feel like it was drafted twenty years ago.It's just so inbalanced. The classes are not in balance. The attributes, skills, talents, weapon talents and special talents (I probably forgot something) are not in balance. The cost of items and services - compare for instance provisions, healing, bandages, potions and taverns - are not in balance.The game is haphazard inside and outside of combat. You may begin a series of events only to notice that there is no way to return anymore. There are unforeseeable series of battles, and failing one may set you back an HOUR of progress. Failing even one spell might flip the situation completely. Putting all points in a single weapon talent can screw you up, because, well... find it out yourself.But all this got me thinking. Are we too pampered with forgiving games? Perhaps. Here's a game that you can seriously break by playing it wrong (or right, in a good way!). Here's a game that requires putting those annoyingly flexible talent points into right places. So begrudgingly thumbs up for this one."
76561197972309532,Recommended,249650,30658501,Posted: 21 March,all,Mr Shoes,"The first time I came to write a review for this game it was going to be a vitriolic missive of woe and anger. In true fashion, and not for the first time, the game had put me on my♥♥♥♥♥ It was during the games infamous second chapter, where fights come thick and fast, and leave you feeling brutalised and frustrated. I perservered however and came out of the other side happier for it.This game is far from perfect, but for fans of tactical RPGs it is a truly a diamond in the rough. Battles are varied and interesting and party composition and tactical choices really make a difference. The combat system is deeper than it first appears and that hidden depth is one of the games finer qualities. It is also it's biggest drawback. The game is closely based on a pen and paper RPG and unfortunately in many ways just as indecipherable to the beginner.The character progression system is almost arcane in its complexity, to the point that it is almost certain that you will make mistakes in the way you build up your party. These mistakes will be deadly on even normal difficulty. It's reliance on a pen and paper system mean that unless you have a copy of the rulebook and many hours to ponder it and try out permutations, your characters will be woefully shy of optimal. This may lead to you having to restart the game several times as you begin to unravel its mysteries.That being said , the game is sufficiently fun, interesting and challenging that you won't mind having to restart. I didn't."
76561198010715711,Not Recommended,249650,28434533,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SLAYERPLAUGE,i liked the setting and graphical style but the combat system ruined it and was quite frustrating
76561197970523499,Recommended,249650,22819494,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Azzazzel,"Decent turn based strategy game with an ok plot and delivery....Installed and ran fine no issues, not one crash, just completed first play through. I enjoyed socialising with the denizens. Those that couldn't be killed were quite relieved.... good day had by all! Some decent fun to be had at sale price :) Will play again at some point after I've gotten over decieving myself that I was a good dude but still made lots of ummm poor ethical decisions :D"
76561197963344380,Recommended,249650,25841591,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ray,I've got this and Blackguards 2 for 9.99€ on a steam sale and it was worth it. I liked the gameplay a lot and also enjoyed both stories. But spending over 40 Bucks on these games is simply 2 much.+++Nice GameplayI had about 50 hours of gameplayStory is appealingCharacters are well thought---The rpg elements take some time to get used to
,Recommended,249650,23129042,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Beyond Malachi,"Not a particular amazing game, but enjoyable enough and some cleverly designed scenes here and there prevent you from tackling each and every battle with exactly the same old strategy.  Comparing the number of pros and cons, it's a really impressive game; but one of the cons just happens to be super important to me, bringing the game down to just decent instead.CONSThe game can basically be broken down into four parts: cutscenes; inventory/ability screens; towns/shops; and battle scenarios.  Each of these is actually very well done.  But it leaves the game feeling a bit hollow simply because you don't get much of a feeling of exploring.  You move around the map by clicking on dots.  You move around submaps by clicking on dots.  Even the towns/shops just feel like clicking on dots.  They shouldn't, because they're much more visual, but the game just builds that feeling of dot-clicking into it, and you can't shake it.The inventories get messy.  Weapons and armour can be seen separately, but everything else is all piled up in one section with no sorting options.  So when you're looking for healing or mana potions, be prepared to go through page after page of poisons, traps, buffing potions, throwing weapons, and EVEN all the 'quest items' - new and old, jumbled up with them.PROSThe cutscenes are well done, the plot's interesting enough, and you really feel like you get to know the characters.There's a good number of abilities, categorised in some interesting ways.  Most importantly, the spells have enough variety that you can really explore a range of different strategies.  Even within typical categories like direct damage or buffing, there's still variety.  (Potential SPOILER examples:Direct damage has single target, area of effect, enemy hunting single target, cloud spawning enemy hunting single target, and whole map blasts; and some of those stun, or knock down, or curse/debuff.  And that's just within direct damage.  My favourite quickly turned out to be a shadow duplicate spell - which for me meant creating a second archer-mage for 3-5 turns, whose arrows are shadow too, so it was like getting double the mileage out of each arrow).The variety might take a little while to sink in, because at first it looks like 24 spells with 4 levels of power each.  But within the 4 levels for each, most have at least one significant change, so it's actually more like 48 spells.The options for non-spellcasters are more limited, but still allow for some good variety - especially since you can have up to three weapon sets; and/or make use of traps and throwing weapons.  It's hard to do early on, but each route you take eats up experience points, but this ultimately allows you to do things like: (a) Carry a giant two-handed bashing weapon for massive damage and quick battles, but be ready to switch into sword and shield if you need more defense and accuracy.  (b) Run around with a two-handed pike-style spear, but pitch javelins and poison bombs at your enemies before they get into melee range.  (c) Mix up archery and fencing.  (d) Go all archery, but set traps - especially stunning or slowing traps - around you when melee fighters look like they're going to get too close.  (e) etc, etc.The weapons and armour are pretty bog-standard for an RPG overall, but are just varied enough.  The expense might seem frustrating at first, but I enjoyed the way it made me mix and match parts more often, and set different characters up with different equipment sets.  And when there are all kinds of traps and poisons and buff potions, etc, as well, it feels like you've always got something new to pick up.The combat!  At first it looks like each map is going to be a matter of big vs small, wide vs narrow, and empty or covered with traps or blocking environment.  That'd lead to a bit of variety, but eventually you'd work out a couple of strategies that you'd just use over and over again.  But soon enough, you start seeing unique twists (some are repeated a couple of times; some are just used once).  There are plenty of them, and they are what really make the game worth it in the end.  (Potential SPOILER examples:A super long get to the end before the poisonous mist catches up to you map.  Skeletons keep coming back to life unless you smash the crystal maps.  Sneak through the dark and you won't have to fight at all maps. Maps with cages to open to let out support.  Maps with cages to close to trap beasts.  Maps with buildings you can knock down to crush some enemies.  Maps with spider webs hidden like traps and as bridges you can knock out from under the spiders.  And more and more."
76561198061567391,Not Recommended,249650,27018614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flameking3000,Make a second game before fixing the bugs in the first one..It completely killed this game and I was enjoying it too til the unavoidable crashes
,Not Recommended,249650,27039772,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DudelRok,"My main problem is the RNG. Restarting matches (and they are matches of your units VS -random units here-) because of critical RNG failure leading to either important people not dying or important people on my side getting suddenly fireballed. Having all your stuff ranked from you ever-so-often makes me far less invested in ""getting that cool thing"" or even bothering to upgrade past basic equip or drops.I liked combat when it wasn't trying to screw me over. Mages are irritating and not fun to have on party unless they only do one magic spell for the most part."
76561198143008451,Recommended,249650,19954276,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arkzzzz,"An interesting turn-based RPG with a rare(ish) hex based combat system and intuitive character management, ""Blackguards"" is definitely a game worth looking at for any fan of the genre."
76561198002526111,Recommended,249650,19797230,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Horrorscope CC97,"Really enjoyed this game. Where other CRPG's will focus on travel, this game eliminates that, the story comes to you and game play is table top turnbased scenarios. I really ejoy the unique take, this is for the tactician that favors combat over all else in their rpg's."
76561198176157082,Not Recommended,249650,33677760,Posted: 20 July,all,Fundeadguy,"Not a horrible game but too glitchy. This game is years old an there are still glitchest that prevent you completling the main quests, not side quests that can be skipped but the main quest: THAT IS UNEXCUSABLE!"
76561198069235835,Recommended,249650,22855734,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Abidr,"Many people are rating down this game. However, if you enjoy turn based combat system then you will love this game. Character Leveling up system is a bit complex, but not that much. I would recommend this game for Turn Based Combat fans."
76561198035049288,Not Recommended,249650,18895187,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SmokeNoob,"Someone... and I am not pointing fingers... does not know how to properly calculate probabilities, which gets really frustrating after a while. Even if I manage to win every fight, it just annoys the crap out of me not being able to hit anyone with a chance to hit of 95%. This game takes me back to Fallout Tactics..."
76561198048905432,Recommended,249650,18719890,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ed the Elder,"I would call this an excelent turn-based fatasy combat game with weak RPG elements.  I stopped playing before I finished the game.  The combats were cool, but plot was far too linear for my taste.  It did not seem that anything you could do would affect on the overall plot and the game sometimes does bad things to your characters regardless of the choices you make.  I don't think the creators have a very deep understanding of the RPG player mindset.  The term ""railroaded"" feels appropriate.Overall I would rate it a 6 on a 1-10 scale.  Worth my money, but not one that I would played through."
76561198047384882,Recommended,249650,16503280,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Decent turn based tactical game. Tends to get somewhat repetitive over time, and suffers somewhat from the inherent weaknesses inherited from the Dark Eye game system and background. It also lacks somewhat a real feeling of character advancement - after playing a decent amount of matches you feel barely much ""better"" than in the bginning: the character have little more HP, the weapons do little more damage, etc.Full price I'd say it's not worth it, but on a sale it's a nice game to sink some hours into - if you like turn based fantasy tacticals, that is.I still prefer the ""old"" stuff like Icewind Dale or Baldurs Gate for turn based combat, though, or the non-fantasy new ones like Shadowrun - which has both better system, and better plot. One thing I didn't really like was the chained battles - in the later part of the game you can have two or three battles chained after one another, without any opportunity to rest & recover, or even to reload bolts & arrows or potions & poisons.6/10"
76561197962829679,Not Recommended,249650,9402533,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Kain,"Ok, let me start by saying that I absolutely love this game; its got everything a true RPG'er would want in a game; good story, great game mechanics, addictive gameplay, good graphics, outstanding music score, and probably excellent replayability as well.So why am I giving it a thumbs down?? its difficulty is just...brutal, before anyone accuses me of being a pancy COD button masher let me say in my defense that A) I have never played COD and B) I am actually an old school rpg'er that has bagged several classic rpg's on my resume, Wizardry games? check, Baldurs gate? check, Icewind Dale? check, might and magic? check, and also most modern RPG's as well such as the Witcher and the Dragon Age series. So I *know* when I talk about difficulty I mean it, this game is absolutely frustrating sometimes; on easy the enemies are more forgiving ( and I am not one to use that setting unless absolutely necesary) BUT the hazards and Obstacles are NOT.I will still purchase whatever DLC the devs decide to release, and I will definitely purchase a second part of this game, just because I am a very passionate RPG'er, and this is truly a gem of game. However, a lotta folks will be put off by the brutal difficulty the game throws at you constantly and the (somewhat) steep learning curve."
76561197975844906,Not Recommended,249650,9047950,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Buck,"Good idea with poor execution.I downloaded the patch today and still cannot get through the final fight without the AI locking up.Lizard caster stands there forever without taking an action.  I have reset the fight a few dozen times and its always the same thing.Its moderately fun when you can play without having to crash the game but the attribute system gives inconsitent results as well.If you configure two characters exactly the same way with the same exact stats, very often one toon will hit 3x harder than the other.  There is no infomation in the log to figure out why and I even pumped up warcraft to see extra stats and they are exactly the same.To sum up, it COULD have been a very good game but the flaws make it too frustrating to play."
76561198006681532,Recommended,249650,8606068,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Lasse,"Looking back at this review a few years later and I see that its still valid:Not an easy game but very fun.Bought the game around Xmas and spent most of the time efter Xmas playing it.(this to give you an idea how ""complete"" my version was of the game)I exited the game more than a few times with the thought ""yea right..."" based on the difficulty of a fight.Yet somehow I returned a while later with a few ideas on how to possibly beat an encounter.Completed the latest chapter (nr 4) yesturday. Has to say its been a long time since I've played a game this addictive.As far as the ""beta"" status:No crashes or any kind of freezing problems for meThere was only one dialogue screen in a trivial discussion that was in german while the rest was in english.The audio was still in english. So I have really nothing to complain about.If your a fan of turned based RPG games and used to playing them on other than easy/normal I'd recommend this.But if you always choose the ""easy"" setting when you play: This game is all but ""easy""."
76561198032132893,Not Recommended,249650,8863839,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,dcs1999,"There is little to recommend, thinking I shouldn't have bought this.   D&D style RPG that invokes quests that don't use your current stats.  One that takes away all the party's armor and gives everyone clubs.  Another that takes one of your party out of the fight (and kills them off).  While one might say it's a strategic RPG,  that only applies if there aren't so may variables as to make strategy next to pointless (it's mandatory, but still comes down to plain luck far too often).  Bad enough the normal D&D variables to hit, the variable damage, but then lets toss in higher numbers of opponents, invisible terrain traps, and opponents that always have poisoned weapons.  Flanking an opponent doesn't seem to have been included, so pointless, and while crit hits are included, when the opponents out number you, they have a greater chance of getting crits, by benefit of more of them means more chances for a crit role. High level of frustration.Update - 2nd attempt, a little better.  Got to the point I quit first time.  Believe first time it was bugged as chance to hit was only 55% and bugs hit for 8-10 dmg.  This time I see my hit chance at 75% and bugs hit for 4-5 damage.   Meant I could actually get through the quest."
76561198003987457,Not Recommended,249650,8955309,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Paladin Leeroy,"Blackguards is an  average game at its best . Follows genetic fantasy tropes . Character creation is bare bones , you cannot modify starting stats .  Game offers large world map , but due to its linear nature you will be just staring at places you can't go . Story progresses by clicking on hubs where you will either enter a city screen or combat . Side quests are very limited .Appearance customization is limited to picking  out of five pre-made characters per gender.  There is significant shortage of light and leather armor variety . 85-90% of all armors in a game are metal which means you spell caster wont be able to use it . Game has nice sandbox system where you are allowed pick whichever skills/perks you like . Perks require xp and trainer .  It can be difficult to find trainer to teach you perk . For example you might unknowingly leave act 1 and lose access to mage trainer for rest of act 2 .Combat is dull . Most of it involves using same spell/melee attack and hoping you will get lucky.Graphics and are style are uninspiring .  There is no camera angle rotation and overall camera controls are poor . This can lead to some frustration such as inability to target or see enemy hiding in a corner .You can interact with some environment and there are some environmental hazards like methane gas in swamps. You characters and enemies can slip on wet floor . Some maps with lots of water spills turn into some kind of comedy involving every character falling to the ground at start of their turn .Voice acting is decent . And dwarf you get in beginning of the game is awesome .In terms of bugs and glitches game was polished in its early stages . I've only encountered one minor bug that was quickly fixed ."
76561197986055714,Recommended,249650,8267886,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Tayosis,"This is probably the most fun turn based RPG i've played since Baldur's Gate 2/Icewind Dale.  Not very far into it yet, but I'm enjoying the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.  The events are challenging, but there is a ""retry"" button for when you wipe and need to go at it from another angle.Can't wait to see more.Update:  Ok...best RPG I've played in 10 years.  It's unbelievably fun.  I wish there was more with gear upgrades, but I guess I'm still pretty early on in the game."
76561197978024377,Recommended,249650,8751759,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,shaseki,By far one of the best Fantasy RPG turned based strategies to come out with the sudden revival of strategy games in the last 2 years.Indepth story and side quests keeps this game responsive and replayable. The AI has it's elements which makes you think and at sometimes hate that again your team fails...I highly reccomend this game!
76561197970649200,Not Recommended,249650,8930260,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,danpaladin,"I wanted to like this a lot but the complexity is a turn-off for me.  In the 75 minutes I played I maybe did 4 fights and read at least 20+ pages of tutorials that almost left me with more questions than answers.For instance, they told me to have my swordsman take cover from archers, so I did, but the archer movement was just as long as his (if not longer) and they all circled around the cover and shot me.  I tried another set of cover instead and the same happened.  In spite of all the other information they were giving, I was unable to find out why this was occurring, but I ended up hammering my way through them anyway.  I'm certain I must have missed something, perhaps to reader's fatigue.Then I fought someone in the mud, and the whole point was to show how to take advantage of the puddles on the ground to make the enemy slip and get some cheap shots in on him.  That was pretty cool.A shame, as it is a decent game, maybe even an epic one, which seems simply surrounded by too much complexity.  I'll give it another go later and see if I still feel this way later."
,Recommended,249650,16451568,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Da Killah Genius,"Tactically Reallisticits hard to say its good, its also hard to say its bad, so i'll give you both.The Good- Battle system is good.- The Storyline is great.- Limited sidequest available.- Weapons & spells are extremely unique (only when you upgrade spells & weapon skills).- You can use environmental traps.- Battle skills & abilities are real great & useful.The Bad- This game is so reallistic that when you buy too many items & weapons pass your limit, it'll cause your characters to do negatively poor in combat (depends on the weight of items).- If your not well prepared before events or battles, you'll have a tough time trying to complete that scenario.my overall, if you are a person of poor judgement, don't buy this gameif you love Strategy/RPG type games, then this game is for you......I give this game a 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,249650,29142867,Posted: 9 January,all,will824,"Blackguards is a very interesting game with complex dynamics of the Dark Eye.IMHO this game deserves a 8.5/10 and definitely worth hours of gameplay and to some extent re-playability. I found myself planing for hours what spells to get and how to develop some characters.Pros:- Detailed characters that come to life- Good roles mixture (I played as a mage but my real emphasis was a fighter with usage of the shadow spell)- Detailed scenarios- Fantastic spells and animations.- Hard difficulty requires strategic previous character planning to be able to beat some encounters.Cons:- No 360 camera support- Sometimes win or lose a battle feels more luck than strategy (Fail all the hits and all the magic, bad luck meaning lose).- Mechanics such as Buy/Sell kind of feels incomplete and Weight system feels off- End of the story is incomplete and leaves you wondering (Blackguards 2 continues this?)Overall I must say I did really enjoy the game, and the story development might is interesting although not among the most interesting from the Daedalic games or Baldur's gates games storylines."
76561198012802380,Recommended,249650,8647036,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,shangrila,"I'm enjoying it. There are parts that need tightening up, like seeing the console commands on screen, but aside from that it's been a smooth experience for me.The story is interesting, the world is intriguingly dark and the characters, so far, are all interesting (my favourite being Niam the crackheaded half elf). Combat plays out on small, hex based maps that keep the action from getting bogged down or boring. And, while in combat, that's all you focus on; you can't loot corpses, for example. All of that happens afterwards which I like a LOT.The combat system is simple, really, but it works. There are enough special abilties to keep it all interesting and to give you a wide variety of tactics (at least when you get the right people to suit your style) but they're not exactly trying to break the mold here. Basically, you've probably seen this all before. It didn't bother me, but I could see it boring some people.The graphics do their job, though they're nothing to write home about. The voice acting has been surprisingly good for the main characters, although I find the NPCs tend to fall into stereotypes (villains sound like they're about to go ""NYAH I'M EVIL""). It's not really distracting, since their lines are short and to the point, but it was something I noticed so take that as you will.Which is really the best way to sum up this game; to the point. There are side quests and the like, but this isn't an open world game like Skyrim where you can spend a fair amount of time just walking around. You move from battle to battle, taking breathers when you need/want them, and then get right back into the thick of it. It is for this reason that I recommend this game. It's fast, fun but not short. Buy it."
76561197980663655,Recommended,249650,9143430,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ohm606,"infuriating in some ways, but addictive nonetheless. created by small German developer. download the demo and check it out."
,Recommended,249650,8699240,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,marielato,"A very cool game. I love the gameplay and the setting. I'm not sure that the character are the best written character ever but it's competent enough.Seriously, I don't understand early access very much (as a dev myself) but the beta is great, very stable. You will have fun. For the price, it's great."
76561198032528936,Recommended,249650,9220311,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,rondon1337,"Really enjoyed this game.  Difficulty seemed a bit high at first, but I got used to it quickly.  Devs also seem dedicated to making it the best game it can be.  Definitely recommend this title."
,Recommended,249650,26240149,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Beldera,"Bad:The story ending feels very rushed and tagged on, compared to the plot development in the other chapters.The  battles clearly have a ""right"" way. (I like this, it feels like puzzle solving, but that's a matter of taste).Items, even basic items like arrows and health potions, are limited.Very, very constrained in level-up points. The leveling up system is quite involved, and the constraint from the points is too tight. It feels like that there is one layer too many,,,The animation is... special. Everyone has a dislocated jaw.The good:Even though you can see the plot twist coming from a mile away, I still struggled to make the ""right"" decisions to try and get a ""good""ending. (Once you play enough games, you begin to see the ""right"" choice.)The game has a high F-U factor. Spent 20 hours and tons of money leveling up a character? Guess what, they're dead now, too bad. You think your arrows can break a crystal and you didn't think to equip your archer with a different weapon? Well, that's sucks for you.Overall: This game needed a little bit more time and polish. If it had that, it would have become a classic. In it's current format, I find it highly enjoyable but I can imagine if you don't play many old games this will test your patience.***IMPORTANT*** Given how limited level-up points are, for your first playthrough you should use one of the pre-created classes. I would advise not playing a mage, given that there is an entire fourth page of skills to level up."
76561197994847062,Recommended,249650,8329518,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Vampiro,"Very promising game. Played part of Chapter 1, no major bugs (very few issues with speech files). Very good tactical combat system."
,Not Recommended,249650,29491686,Posted: 25 January,all,Kelsifer,"In general the game is good but the combat is terrible. You'll have 95% chance to hit something and you will miss 5 times.  From what ive seen so far the story is great, character progression and the option to make decisions are fun. i enjoy the battles even though the majority of the time you are greatly out numbered. I liked everything but the combat, that alone makes the game so rough. Its not that its hard strategy wise.the combat really holds this game back a key destructible item will give you 100% chance to hit and you will still miss, or other times it will take you 2 - 3 hits to destroy it and sometimes it will take one. the consistency is terrible."
,Not Recommended,249650,20505515,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Easyy,"Start the game with two-handed sword fighter, realise everything except one-handed bashing is literally useless because that's all the game is scripted to give you.Struggle and get to the mission where you have to rescue the Baroness, realise it's literally impossible and just try to finish by killing the enemies.First few rounds are spent trial and error restarting to figure out there's invisible traps, and you need to start the round with a spell that has a 45% chance to destroy the boxes and set enemies on fire.First try: Slowly skip through cutscene, wait for enemies to move, fail 45% chance spell, restart.Second try: Slowly skip through cutscene, wait for enemies to move, fail 45% chance spell, restart.Third try: Slowly skip through cutscene, wait for enemies to move, fail 45% chance spell, restart.Fourth try: Slowly skip through cutscene, wait for enemies to move, fail 45% chance spell, restart.Fifth try: Slowly skip through cutscene, wait for enemies to move, fail 45% chance spell, restart.Sixth try: Slowly skip through cutscene, wait for enemies to move, 45% chance spell works, dwarf decides to move through 2 hexes of fire rather than one losing 20 health, take two critical hits from archer, in the end only dwarf left with 2hp and archer enemy with 22hp. Dwarf power attacks archer, deals 18 damage, archer attacks dwarf, deals 4 damage.Stop playing. Look at achivement stats, only a quarter of people finished Chapter 1. I wonder why."
76561198211099261,Not Recommended,249650,22928785,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,yoga4life84,"I have wanted to love this game. I really, really have. The character development system is complex and has a depth rarely found in RPGs. The story and choices are a combination of dark and darker, and yet there is no shortage of humor in the game. Having said all of that, I do NOT recommend this game for the casual gamer who enjoys RPGs. This is for the hardcore gaming fans who want to spend hours agonizing over points spent in skill and character development, only to find that you have to start over because you lack core abilities in your characters to survive. Further, the combat system is ridiculous. You get a wizard at the beginning of the game as a companion who has an ~80% accuracy range - however, in my experience, his spellcasting is weak at best, and backfires most of the time, and at often critical moments. Unfortunately, healing is also problematic because it uses an entire action (turn), and so by the next round, you may be down more health points than you were before you healed. Following me so far? That's good, because on top of that, you can count on being outnumbered and outmaneuvered in nearly every battle.I could go on to wax poetic about the ineptitude of the combat system and the way the developers correlated character development with combat in a way that is clear, but I think you can get the gist of it from above. I have to quit playing this game because after too much time trying the same battle over and over again to rescue some baroness who loves the less than useless wizard companion I have, I am going to retire this game entirely and quite playing it. It simply lacks any enjoyment for me at this point. I think the game designers have a lot of work to do to create a product that I would ever consider purchasing again. I feel cheated of my money and my time.Oh, and you don't have the option of really grinding your characters up to par, either. There are a set number of quests and side quests, and you spend those character development points at your own risk.Again, there may be a market for this to hardcore gamers and some others, but it is definitely not for the faint of heart."
76561198259771539,Recommended,249650,31636796,Posted: 8 May,all,roberthamilton28,it was the first turn based rpg i had played but ive enjoyed it alot its not hard to understand how to play and it has a ok story
,Recommended,249650,8893141,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Fairemont,"Ive had a great time with this game so far. Its one of the better turned-based RPGs that I have played in a long while. If you like this sort of game, I definitely suggest getting it."
,Recommended,249650,8317565,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AstralWolf,"Game is fun, very thought through and have tons of detail put in to every aspect of it. Trully an amazing rpg, the story is great as well which is a huge plus as story kills games for me, if they are bad.Pros- Incredible RPG aspectsLots of costumization aspectsLots of equipment(weapons,armor, ect)Fun spells that make you feel rewardedLots of fun, difficulties are perfectly tunedStory is actually really good, with lots of fun twists.Cons- Some of the technical aspects of the game still need work, such as the mouse isn't locked on the screen, so playing this game if you have multiple monitors is a pain, as you constantly have your mouse go off to the other screen.I would like a few more ranged weaponsSome battles are a bit repetitive and could be done with out. (though this is minor overall)In the big picture, this game is very much worth it, and a great project that this company has done! I hope if Blackgaurds 2 comes out, they will expand on the universe even more, and a few more costumizations to the character looks/skills ect. I will def buy it!"
76561198003524982,Recommended,249650,8898557,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,rin.,"First of all, I love squad based RPGs like baldur's gate and xcom, so i might be a little baised.Also if you don't like challenging games, Blackguards might not be something you'll be interested in.The leveling system takes a while to get used to, and adds minimal advances, but also means it's very forgiving if you plan to change builds throughout the game.I love the story and the voice acting without a doubt."
76561198005184581,Recommended,249650,8980144,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Nazdreg,"Good turn based strategy game. Nice use of the enviorment to add variety. The slight challenge is that some battle fields feel small however its is primarily a melee game so it really has no negative effect overall. AI is average and the UI takes getting used to. Its very hard to see how some of the skills effect you character progression - others, like unlocking spells, are more obvious. Pretty good set of tutorial screens thought to explain the basics. Resource management between fights is challenging."
76561197999866270,Not Recommended,249650,10897814,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Wykstromius,"I could not safely recommend this game to anyone, because I'm not sure who it appeals to, and this is why:1.  It's certainly not for rpg gamers because at its core, Blackguards is nothing more than a series of battles, one after the other, with the 'choice' being where you're going to fight next and a brief respite in 'towns' that are no more than venues to heal and restock between fights.2.  Strategy gamers will find the combat tacky and repetitive because it always comes down to enemies trying to overwhelm you with odds with very simplistic AI.3.  It can't possibly appeal to people looking for a great story because the story is clearly an afterthought.  You get brief looks into your characters pasts between drawn out combat sessions but there's no real development.  Things just happen and force you into the next fight.So really, who was this game made for?"
,Recommended,249650,8865133,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sarger,"Battles are challenging enough to keep thinking till the end of the game, intriguing story, hard decisions... Serious risk of drowning in. Be warned. :)"
76561198008109424,Recommended,249650,23216577,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,PaladinHulk,Challenging and with a good story.
,Recommended,249650,23110035,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,richels,"As a newbie to tactical RPG games, I am enjoying it thus far. It is a bit tough if you are trying to learn the genre and the game at the same time. I like the turn-based format vs real-time because for obvious reasons of trying to figure out my plan. I don't like that you can't save your progress within a battle, but perhaps that's just how it is, like dingleberries are brown. Pick it up on a discount like I did and there will be little reason to regret it if it's not your type of game."
76561198058768284,Recommended,249650,26303474,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,vasily.pinchuk,"I have just finished the second chapter and I find the game really fun, so the large number of negative reviews surprises me. Actually one of the few games I got hooked on lately. Well, on the other hand since the score was so low, my expectations were quite low as well, resulting in a nice surprise. It is less RPG than tactical combat game but it is very good at what it is doing. Frustration because of hits are not landing even when the indicated probability is high, comes probably from the fact the people do not develop skills properly. All in all, recommended, my score is 8/10."
,Not Recommended,249650,34891026,Posted: 11 September,all,Lane,"Seriously!?I can't pass a certain part because I wasn't playing a 'certain way', then why give me options? I stopped caring while I was playing, and seeing I didn't write a review I thought I could muster up enough 'care' to share my sub-par experience with this graphic novels with option of failures woven throughout."
,Recommended,249650,12409029,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,zerodepth,"Never played any P&P game before, but this was awesome. Great RPG mechanics, good story (some parts shocked me, some parts were very funny) and graphics. Some battles were very hard (played on hard) and the only way out was to ""rush"" it, like killing the boss fast enough, which is not my playstyle. Otherwise you can do it in your own pace. Also had a feeling that there is a lack of gold so I never bought anything except arrows, bolts and magic books and ended the game with a quite a big amount of money :), so dont worry to spend it on smaller upgrades."
,Recommended,249650,10427689,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Captainbubby,"Fantastic game set in Germany's most popular fantasy worldI am really baffled by some of the luckwarm reviews that this title was getting. I found it to be a fantastic, visceral turn based strategy RPG set in a refreshingly dark fantasy world.Perhaps the initial bad press was due to the fact that it wasn't X-Com: The current turn based darling.Indeed, there is no permadeath and the story is relatively linear. However; about 40% of gametime is dedicated to non essential side quests.I especially liked the art design on the game; the battlefields, warriors and beasts seemed stylized as living toys; I could almost imagine this game being played on that chessboard in the Millenium Falcon.  Expect to see dozens upon dozens of battle maps and a variety of winning conditions."
,Recommended,249650,9262154,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,StratX,"A terrific return to Turn-Based Combat, with a slightly darker, fantasy story. It at once feels like a renaissance of the turn-based genre, but with some newer, unique ideas. Character customization looks outrageous and daunting at first, but with a single type of Adventure Point and clear class-goals, linear guidance eases the pain, while still allowing anyone to experiment with wild combinations. It's a classic tale of old-school meets new-school, all in a really tightly-produced package. Graphics, story and gameplay are all great."
76561198042950271,Recommended,249650,10161910,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,ranthrock,"Just finished the game.  After getting to the last battle and finding it frustrating not to have Aurelia, I went back through chapters 4-5 changing strategies.The good:-If you really miss Temple of Elemental Evil, this game will be nice for you-Not a lot of min/maxing of gear (some of the best gear is available early in the game, and most of the stuff you'll find in the game will not be an upgrade)-Each of the companions have really well-drawn out personalities (the dwarf, for example, will complain when you heal him that he ""doesn't need it""; the playboy mage will flirt with NPC's you meet).The bad:-There are not a lot of varieties of bad guys in the game.  You'll find yourself saying ""didn't I just fight this battle?"" a bit too frequently- For people that like seeing gear progression, you will not get it here.- The ending was quite a bit of a let-down.- During combat, there is no way to speed up the monsters' turns; and you will sometimes literally be waiting a minute between turns while a slug slugs its way across the screen.Will you like it?-If you liked Temple of Elemental Evil because it was super ""true to the rules""--Yes-If you liked Baldur's gate because your Party AI would let you not have to micromanage--No"
76561198014386153,Recommended,249650,8807467,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Grokslam,"This game has had me hooked ever since I bought it! Even though I got it during the steam Christmas sale for 10 bucks I would gladly pay full price. Its great to finally have a game to fill the void left by the lack of tactical rpg's out there. I can see myself playing through the campaign multiple times, and I really hope they expand more on this game with some DLC or a campaign editor or something."
,Recommended,249650,16561464,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lightbringer,"Blackgaurds is not a masterpiece, no. I have read many reviews over it and most seem to want a perfect game for one that is from $5 - $10 when on sale or not, and it is definetly worth that. TBS based battles are very challenging and saving often is your best friend. Game throws strong challenges at you as you progress through the story and believe me, the fights are just win-able. If your looking for a interesting take on a story done a thousand times, and a good challenge, this is your game."
76561197969921188,Not Recommended,249650,10782116,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,"Mytee ""NO.1 BEST CAR BOY"" Thor","While this game shows immense promise at the start as DnD style RPG with tonnes of character trees to customise and fun turn based fights eventually you will encounter the horrible broken boss fights and terrible plot decisions. Without spoiling much the game strips you of characters by force and the balance always seem to be tipped against you.I believe that this game received too much praise from reviewers who did not play far enough into the game.The complaints I had with this game I found had been discussed by other players while the game was in Beta on the Blackgaurd forums. The developers obviously did not take these potentially game saving points on, which is the most disappointing thing of all."
76561197965180048,Not Recommended,249650,8973345,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,[GTribe] Dark13cloud,"Definitely not worth 39.99, luckily i got mine pre release for cheap. It looks and feels like a browser game. The skill upgrade/weapon use/magic upgrade trees are huge and confusing and no explanation on what would be useful for what type of classes. The FOV is beyond frustrating as is trying to click on the proper hex to move or attack. It becomes boring and repetitive very quickly. Not to mention the casters spells fizzle out like 80% of the time. I had better luck beating them with a torch instead of casting. The amount of gold you recieve after killing 5-6 mobs is way too small to be effective. Like you get 7 gold after a 5 mob fight and just one health potion costs 5 gold. I wanted to like this game but just doesnt seem ready or have enough depth for my liking."
76561198027059793,Not Recommended,249650,8894208,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Drakhun,"This game is... garbage.  In fact, this game is an insult to garbage.  The engine is clunky, and good luck getting past the boss fights if you don't know the engine like the back of your hand.  Oh, and lets just throw in some gratuitous anti-arab racism just to make things even better.  I do not recomend this game, I recomend avoiding this game like it has plauge.  Plague and bird flu.  I picked it up after spending a long time feeling deprived of a Tactical RPG, but after this, I would rather not a single tactical  RPG ever be made again rather than deal with another moment of this awful game.  I would rate Blackgaurd as a 0/10, for having no redeaming features at all."
76561197995224732,Not Recommended,249650,8887491,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,thefigment,"A horrible turn based RPG.The A.I. makes no sense at all and seems to just roll of RNG. For instance, you could be in combat with an insect, a large dumb version of 'lice' that would waltz right by your entire team to go secure an objective that you should be holding that the insect doesn't even KNOW about, story wise.There is no way to view your armor as a whole, to compare it to other armor sets. This also doesn't let you save in combat, and the combats are slow and tedious. Matter of fact, I had the FINAL gladiator fight I was in crash on the next to final turn as a waited out the final baddy to blow up (was on a timer in an arena and covered in oil and lit.)This game will make you rage, not because of the difficulty, but because the horrible interface, no real enemy A.I. (I swear they go full retard half the time. ""Oh hey, spikes. I should jump up and down on this space over and over again until I keel over!)Overall, go with something more polished that you can get your hands on. Only 5 characters to play as in this one too, so I suggest you roll an archer, considering you don't get to keep one, forcing you to roll an archer (or gimp someone else into an archer) if you want a balanced team.Also, no explanation of half the games mechanics makes this a very annoying venture.Really don't recommend this game."
,Recommended,249650,8932230,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,The Aleks,"I've clocked about 34 hours with this game at the time of my writing this and have gotten through a fair portion of Chapter 3, so I think it's fairly safe to say that I've formed a solid enough opinion. Simply put, Blackguards turned out to be a rare gem and has already, surprisingly, found its way to my personal list of all time favorites. A few minor glitches aside, it's a lovely blend of dark fantasy storytelling, challenging tactical combat, and flexible charachter development that so far hasn't failed to delight. And it looks quite attractive to boot, with a fantastic UI and lovingly crafted imagery.The cast of lovable rogues that comprise your party is well acted and well written. The story as a whole, at least so far, is engaging without being overbearing, maintaining a light touch while never failing to be consistently interesting. It ain't Shakespeare, but it never aspires to be. Instead, it accomplishes exactly what the early hours of the game promise: it is  a damned enjoyable caper of a kind that perhaps we need more of in the world, a slice of true, unabashed, adventure escapism that somehow evokes the simpler, formative days of a young nerd's nerddom. The subject matter is often dark, but it always feels like an exciting journey above all else. And sometimes that's more than enough to make something worth one's time.While I am sure it's not for everyone, players who enjoy tactical combat, roleplaying games, and being entertained can find plenty to love here."
,Recommended,249650,10705993,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Capt. Jack Mullet,"Good story. Fun battles.  A few minor bugs. Very little replay value.A very basic RPG game, but still somewhat addicting to play.6/10"
76561198005966101,Recommended,249650,8228973,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Fall from Honor,"Great fun for people who like tactical rpgs in a rich and storied environment. Loved every minute of it so far. On a side note, us it remarkably close to the ""The Dark Eye"" rules."
,Not Recommended,249650,8866624,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,xtc_rush,"this game has not worked for me properly , in game you go to events where all the text on the screen disapears or the menus are suddenly gone , areas where instead of having your whole party there you only have access to one member ?i would not recomend it to anyonethe latest patch has helped this game immensly .... i have uninstalled and installed freshthe bugs are mostly gone ....story line is still very linear but its at least playable."
,Not Recommended,249650,10492730,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Wunbrow,"The game itself is about gathering a group of criminals and misfits together to form a band of anti-heroes to take on the bad guys and rescue a damsel in distress.  Its broken down into Chapters which were released through beta piece at a time.  I bought the game in beta and enjoyed playing it immensly.  The battles are turn based so no need to rush and a much better opportunity to win through tactics and strategy.HOWEVER when the full version was released it all went drastically downhill.  Yes there were a few minor bugs that I could live with when it was a beta.  The final release version has a number of major flaws in it.  My existing save game made any new battles unfinishable as you couldnt end a turn - all your characters just stood there with no end turn available.  That's okay I thought, I will start a new game, it will be fun choosing a different character from Chapter 1.  Oh no ....... BIG FAIL.  When you try to start a new game, you get the character creation part fine but once you finish adjusting your new hero you try to start the game and all you get is a black screen and some music.  Immediately I thougt oh it must be a graphics resolution problem, but yet I had just loaded a older saved game and it loaded fine (even if I couldnt advance through the next battle) and indeed it loaded fine again when I tried.  So now I am at an impasse, with no new game possible and all my saved games bugged.I checked the forums and it is not just me with these issues.  And it appears that the publisher is doing nothing to resolve the said issues.So overall this game now has some major flaws that make it unplayable.  Stay away."
,Not Recommended,249650,8827526,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Baeldan,"For the most part I really like this game. Character development is very deep and interesting for an indie RPG and the combat, while not incredibly nuanced, is fun and challenging. On the other hand however, the game's marketing material tout that you play as a band a criminals and miscreants - even the name of the game hints at this. However the game appears to reward you for being the 'good' guy and punish you by omission for being the 'bad' guy, which is surely counter productive if you want your players to be nasty 'Blackguards'. However that's just my opinion.I can't recommend this game in its current state. There are far too many bugs and design issues that should have been weeded out during testing. Another testament to how pointless and anti-consumer the early access system is. The game is simply not worth the asking price as it is. However once these problems are fixed and perhaps the game comes down in price a little, I'd happily recommend it. At its core it's a very enjoyable game."
76561198007145369,Not Recommended,249650,9387842,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,]{nightly85,"Although it has an interesting idea for a story, the gameplay itself is porrly executed. The fight sequences are repetitive and even on normal mode seemed arbitrarily hard, suggesting not a lot of creativity went into the difficulty just number values. The side quests were uninteresting, the characters were fairly stock and it just had the feeling of an unfinished game in general. Too be fair, I never made it out of Chapter 1, so I can't say it doesn't get better; however, I'm a firm believer in having the beginning of the game be the hook, to entice the gamer to play more. Another reason being: if the first chapter feels unfinished, how is the rest of the game going to feel better? And spells that have a chance of failing? I understand Magic Resists/Immunities creating another level of gameplay, but buff spells that have a 46% chance to fail?Overall 5/10."
76561198043307078,Not Recommended,249650,12806914,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TaintJuiceSommelier,"I really don't like this game.Confusing for the sake of confusing doesn't make a game complex or interesting.  The character stat screen tells you very little of the impact that your leveling decisions make.  So much of the directional choices you make with characters appears to be hidden.  The hit percentage system, how to recover health/mana efficiently and the effects of decisions are just a few examples of this.I understand that a fair amount of people believe that this hidden veil makes the game more complex, and that they consequently are ""more intelligent"" because they ""figured it out"".  I would argue that they wasted their time fiddling with a poorly designed game when they could have been playing a game that isn't a waste of time.I should have played the friggin' demo first.  So for that, I entirely blame myself."
76561198012577911,Recommended,249650,8196906,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,"Kroq-Gar, Last Defender of Xhotl",One of the best RPG with turn-based combat during the last 5 years
76561198000409791,Recommended,249650,8289854,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Craylon,I'm absolutely in love with this game. During the holidays I finished chapter one and besides the real cool combat it is the story the atmosphere and the voice acting I really like. Even tough its not quite the same without the dungeon crawling the game kind of reminds me of the good old days playing baldurs gate and such.
,Recommended,249650,10061701,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,boacul,"Not an open world RPG in the slightest. But it has a rich atmosphere, intriguing locations and well balanced strategic options for fights. Essentially, you will just fight and that is it. But that is at least for goals which are believable and characters you want to preserve."
76561197982886975,Recommended,249650,10148949,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,mipamthurman,Great combat in this title but it can be quite challenging. Endgame isn't perfect but this game is worth a play through if you enjoy turn-based combat games.
,Recommended,249650,11249239,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","I'm going to give it a thumbs up, but don't buy this thing at full price. Its a £5 game that is very simplistic. You can't even rotate the camera.The UI is awful - especially the radial menus for combat. Whoever designed those needs to be taken outside and beaten with a small fish which recently died of natural causes. Whoever signed off the interface then needs to be beaten with whatever remains of said fish. Thankfully you do have quickslots though!The animation during the cutscenes are laughable, as is the voice acting. Undoubtedly it was ""someone's mate"" that did both.The opening cutscene on the other hand is quite good. 8/10 for that bit... all 60 seconds or so of it.The graphics are fairly reasonable, though sometimes things are obscured and with no way to rotate the camera this is slightly annoying.The audio is also reasonable, but a little monotonous.The simplicity and awful UI aside, it is a TBS game with power-ups, and i like TBS games with power-ups. If you like them too, then get it when its on sale."
76561198001195244,Recommended,249650,8417739,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kaychan,"Old school turn base SLG. If you like dragon age and turn base games, then this is for you."
76561197987135160,Recommended,249650,11089766,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Kalafax,"If you like Turn Based RPG this is a game for you, story is decent, fights are challenging, and the luck involved reminds me alot of playing table top games! The graphics are good, combat takes tought, and the game lets you do your own thing, build characters however you want, and have fun.That beind said, if you dont focus your characters then you'll find combat to be brutal and can become very frustrated, but I feel this is more a pro then a con, just giving a heads up."
76561198017751744,Recommended,249650,11225122,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Tehmajor,"Brilliant game, hours of fun. storyline seems a little clunky but the combat mechanics make up for that."
76561198064298228,Recommended,249650,8622330,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Dorwe,Great RPG 5/5!
76561198004729591,Recommended,249650,8811874,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Gven,cool old school game
,Recommended,249650,8822875,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Ayther,Old school RPG with modern day looks and design. Solid game with plenty of replayability
76561197993351932,Recommended,249650,8932752,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[AB]o0Afterlife0o,"Great game!This is my 3-part review of the game. 1. The RPG system, 2. The actual roleplay, 3. The feel of the game. It is worth mentioning that I am a RPG guy with long experience in both Pen and Paper RPG (mostly PF, but also Vampire), and a lot of CRPG. So, naturally, this has an impact on how I liked or disliked the game.1. The roleplaying system The Black Eye is really nice and has a lot of depth and will be candy if you, like me, havent tried it before. I cannot accout for the differences between the pen and paper 4th edition (witch the game mechanic is derived from) and the system Blackguards has implemented. But as far as I am concerned its really nice. Different attributes combinate to give different base statistics - and control how well you fight / use talents / casts spells. There are no levels for characters, insted you gain Adventure Points from combats and finished quests that you either continually spend or save up to spend on more expensive upgrades. It really is a fun system and has similarity with the way Vampire the masquerade works. The turn based tactics is nothing but pure enjoyment!2. The actual roleplaying is somewhat linear. If you like that then no problem. If you want more choice, then it has shortcomings. Things are pretty much set up and you cannot deviate too much from the path. The choices you are given doesnt even have that much impact. For instance one side quest presents you with two identical twins, the one is evil and the other is good - but who is who. In the end, if you chose to root out the good guy OR the bad guy there is no impact on the game other than your own conciousness. (...and honestly, who cares abouth truth when it comes to a book worth 50 ducats?!)3. The acutal feel of the game is, at least to me, awsome. The characters you pick up are rather strange, a paranoid dwarf, a sleezy magician and later on a drug addict elf to name some. But this is what strangley keeps it interesting - actually highly enjoyable. Bugger off with the lawful good paladin that does good at every turn. Here its like ""plant unlawful poison at a highly esteemed noble to get him arrested"" or ""Get a new slavegirl / trophy for the master of the city"".To sum up, I really enjoy the game - (not finished yet as this is written) and I see a replay possibility with choosing differet abilities. If you enjoy RPGs and in particular the combat part - this is a game for you."
76561198003325820,Recommended,249650,8694115,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,bloodking0,"Very nice tactical RPG. Characters reminicent of old school bioware characters and the combat is very thought-out. Each battle map is very different from the last in the way it impacts the battle, the developers seem to have spent a long time designing different terrain and objects that have effects. For example in one map there are fire braziers which you can have your characters knock over and they set large patches of oil on fire. In another there is a huge crate hanging from a crane which is operated by the enemy and it moves to block off your advance and knock your characters into the sea if they are in range.Overall if you are looking for an RPG with smart combat and a non-generic story, you could do no better then Blackguards."
,Recommended,249650,8848262,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,hockeyhacker97,"A very challenging but interesting tatical RPG with puzzle like battle maps.  And by that I mean the battle map may be unbeatable if you don't figure out which enviornmental trap to use at what time and figuring out how to get the enemy to stand where that trap will be most effective.While the games tatical battles are quit enjoyable due to this puzzle aspect, at the same time can be frustrating because you can end up spending hours having to try and retry a map to only figure out that in addition to the puzzle you already solved but keep losing at you need to rebalance your attack/parry skill points on your weapon type for the fight in addition to solving the puzzle. Which brings me to the only thing I have come across so far in my play that I have disliked about the game, the combination between having no way to gather more xp since each map seems to be doable only once with the fact that there does not seem to be a way to respec where you allocated your xp. I don't mind that the game does not allow you to grind to over level stuff, infact I like that it prevents you from doing that, but it also means that if you spent all your xp in the wrong areas you can reach a point to where a battle becomes unbeatable because you have all the wrong skills win.  Maybe later in the story it allows you to realocate xp at the cost of gold or something, but currently where I am in the story I can see mismanagment of xp making the game unbeatable.With that said, despite this one major consern with the games mechanics dealing with xp I would say it is a very enjoyable though sometimes frustrating game. I would say play this game on normal difficulty and if you get stuck on a puzzle don't feel bad having to turn it down to ""easy"", because some battle maps are hard to complete even on easy unless you have the perfect build where no xp was spent in the wrong place. And as I say this game is definitly worth picking up might I just suggest that for a few of the puzzles do not sell your torches even if your close on weight limits because you will come across some puzzles that become 100x easier to solve with having more then just a mage to use fire damage.Edit: Also the soundtrack is pretty good, is it $20 of value good, eh, to most people no, but just putting it out there for those debating on picking up the regular edition or the one that comes with the soundtrack."
76561197993443813,Recommended,249650,8988216,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Enzarker,"It's got a good story. The game play is intuitive and the fights generally well balanced and fun. However, considering the bugs and the quality of the graphics, I think $40 is a bit steep. The character aesthetics at character creation are also very restrictive, given what other engines are capable of doing."
,Recommended,249650,9374410,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Sami,"Complex and challenging. The story is all right, gameplay is excellent. A lot of battles that are not too easy."
76561198048125704,Recommended,249650,11102175,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,CrimsonKrogan,"If you want me to ramble for 15 minutes about a really good game, ask me about Blackguards."
,Recommended,249650,8255717,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,zysac,"So I haven't played for a huge amount of hours yet, but for all the time I've played I have had loads of fun. the games got a decent story. But to boot its got nice quick combat, nice mechanics. If you like turn based strat this should be up your street!"
76561198022693904,Recommended,249650,8688366,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,il.male.illustrato,"reccomended, by now very fun.the good1)  turn based combat, for me a plus.2)  not totally idiot IA, sometimes  battles could be rough..3)  by now nice story, not something to drop jaw but solid.4)  for a beta they worked a lot and well..5)   items cost, and one have to sweat to gain themthe bad1) almost no exploration, (would be perfect normal movement on maps and hex only for combat, is a nice world and the way is implemented is  a bit simplicistic.. (a mix between this and eg baldurs gate would be the perfect game for me) .is a pity is a nice world.2) by now only 3 char to choose, and by now (remembering is a beta) few customization.A game to buy at a fair price, hope Daedalic will continue on this road, maybe watching a bit  the past glory, (black isle/obsidian/bioware)  to catch the good of them and put the  good work they have done by now."
76561198018508362,Recommended,249650,8816692,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Gankatron,"Blackguards is a turn-based fantasy, often dark and frequently humorous, RPG.While still a beta product it is polished and one of the best RPG's I have played in a while. It is a good feeling to catch myself laughing at the well voice acted humorous dialogue, which I haven't experienced to this degree since way back in games such as KOTOR and Jade Empire. Daedalic Entertainment might just be the new old pre-EA BioWare we all fondly remember.Probably the only frustrating thing I experienced was the questionable stated odds of a spell succeeding, but I am also not sure if that percentage was meant to take into account the defender's resistances.I give it a 9 because it is hard to me to envision a better RPG without my mind drifting back to old BioWare. So this is a real user score, not an artificially inflated rating meant to preemptively fend off the incoming 0's from reviewers that found fault in this product.I eagerly await the Chapter 5 release..."
76561197983994515,Recommended,249650,8895903,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Agnot3000,Wonderful Turnbased Strat/RPG game. Great story and amazing art.
,Recommended,249650,10829875,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,venkman,"Really love it! This game is misunderstood very often.+ great gameplay (not as good as XCOMs but still nice)+ based on The Dark Eye - refreshing compared to all the games based on D&D+ nice story+ nice quests (and side quests)+ funny interaction in-between the characters+ really good value for money when on sale+ lots of different skills and builds to explore (a bit confusing and overwhelming for beginners though)+ good difficulty (it will be very challenging at times and you will have to change your tactics which worked before)-	Obviously not a huge development budget (they made the best out of it)-	Graphics are nice but could be way better (eg. cutscenes …)-	Skills & talents can be difficult to understand. You’ll probably need to google a bit to understand the different character values.-	Some bugs can be frustrating, eg. when the healer in-between the gladiator fights won’t heal you anymore. There aren’t many but this one made it very hard for me-	Save often. (same as xcom). It could save you time.-	Usability in the stat/spell/… screens could be better, especially when trying to figure out which weapon does more damage.All in all, I can live without the best graphics and animations (like XCOM does superb). I was willing to learn about the skills and mechanics. I accepted the couple of bugs I encountered – it only lead to the game being more difficult but didn’t break the game itself.After reading many negative reviews I think the problem is that this game isn’t like many other games out there, it’s comparable to XCOM but with possibility to skill your characters in a complex way. You can’t save every minute and decisions you made today could be a problem much later. You may have to do some side quests to get the experience to advance. You won’t be able to blindly upgrade every skill and spell there is. You will have to use different tactics. Using Takate with his piercing skill will work awesome most of the time, but if an enemy is immune to piercing you should better have given him some other weapon and skills (I learned this the hard way).Obviously something went wrong during the beta version, because most of the negative reviews are from back then. I didn’t experience many of the problems from back then. If you like turn based games with a lot of strategy involved you’ll probably like this. If you want to kill many monsters with huge firewalls better get path of exile ;)"
,Recommended,249650,8356986,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Torchersphix,"I'll add on to this as I play more but for right now I have the following:The first thing I have to say about this is I really, really like these types of games. I really enjoy games like Fire Emblem & Onimusha Tactics on the GBA and XCOM on the PC, which are specifically turn-based games. Blackguards also gives me the vibe/atmosphere of old school RPG games I love like Baldur's Gate I & II, Path of Radiance: Ruins of Myth Drannor, Icewind Dale and Neverwinter Nights + expansions + mods (The old bioware game, not that new MMO). While the games I just listed are not turn based, they do have pause button tactics, and they share the fantasy setting and RPG skill allocation, feats, that sort of thing. The most recent game of this genre was Dragon Age Origins but it has been a while since that came out. To me , Blackguards feels like a true merger of those two types of games I listed above, the action is turn-based, but the environment and customization is very much just like old school RPG.Anyway, since then, I have been waiting for another game to grab my attention the same way all these massive titles did. I decided to pick up Blackguards, and I will admit that I was scared because it was Early Access. I will tell you now this game has not disappointed me in the slightest, even though it is Early Access. The characters are fun, the gameplay is exactly what I wanted. I have to say they won me over pretty quickly. I wrote down a few pros/cons that were most apparent for me.Pros:-I personally love the turn-based gameplay/combat system-Nice artwork and environments-Plenty of voiced dialog-Fun charactersCons:-Kind of easy even on hard difficulty, but I like these types of games so.....yea-Graphics are a tad dated so this might bother some-Some features are kind of buggy but it is still Early Access so calm down (using bandages ect...)-I would like some cooler / more tiered armors and weapons-Seeing the reference tags on characters/objects is distracting-No in depth character customization (but it is to be added later!)Verdict:YES pick it up, if it is on sale (erm Winter Holiday Flash sale) even better. This is a fun game to play even early access. I am glad I did it and I think the RPG community will come together to love it."
76561197986709525,Recommended,249650,8524585,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[paloma]soiasosse,"I've played through chapter one and this took me approximatly 10hours. First of all I really enjoy the game even if I sometimes feel the desire to hammer the game against a wall.Classes:-MageI've started as a Mage and even if it is really frustrating at the beginning, because your spells miss all the time (one 7times in a row...(This needs to be fixed!)), at the end of chapter one I have no clue how you would survive without having main char mage + the story-mage that joins your party. The story-mage is even worse at castin than your main-char and sometimes next to useless but for a few heals now an than...if he manages to cast them...My main char-mage now casts some spells with 99% accuracy but I'm not really sure why this improved...-WarriorSo far my warrior is pretty useless besides sucking up damage, of course this is his main aim at the moment, but it is still frustrating that just 1 out of 5 attacks succed because the parring/evasion rate of most enemies is pretty high.So far my warrior only fought with axe and shield, so maybe that's just an unfortunate combination.-ArcherNothing much to say here, I think this class is pretty good balanced at the moment, or a bit too good if Mage/warrior are taken as standard.A few pros and cons:-Until chapter one the game is quite linear, besides a few flashbacks. You can't explore any areals or wander around between cities you just leap from to the other most of the time.-I really like the difficulty of the game, even though I'm playing on ""normal"" is quite demanding at times, but as mentioned above it's a bit up to luck in hard mission weather you succed or not depending on if you miss the first few hits or not...-I would really like it if after you explored a city there would be a Sign above the city on the world map indicating what kind of trainer you found in this city, because otherwise you got to go through the cities to find them again.-The skilling system is nice but sometimes a bit annoying because I don't know when I'll find the next trainer or which skills he can teach me so I end up not really knowing where to invest my points.I'd like to state again that I think it's a great game despite a few issues and I'm having quite a lot of fun playing it."
76561197996914991,Recommended,249650,8552498,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,FreeMan,"Game is good, really good. Every fan of turn-based games should try it. Usually I'm not buying games, but when i was spent three hours, i just go to STEAM and bought it. (So maybe it is good idea to create small demo version, half of first chapter or less.)Best new  turn-based-squad-tactical-rpg game.Good luck to developers.P.S. - Pls create some hard side quests to find unique loot(for example battle that impossible to win, without spend a lot of expensive elixirs )"
76561197966539808,Recommended,249650,8571669,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Verboten,"I am still in Chapter one of this game and so far I like it.  I picked it up for 75% off during the winter sale.  It defiently feeds part of turned based tacitcal RPG itch you might have.  For been an early access it seems very well polished, and I have not had any issues with playing the game."
76561197999339135,Recommended,249650,8708429,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ghostt,Very well done early access game takes forever on some of the fights. wish the loot was higher frequency but love fighting style and story is a bit random. also skills and points are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor layout
76561197983230859,Recommended,249650,8836907,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Kegbuster,Highly Recommend this game. I have been playing for hours and the game has not disappointed. The story is dark and the choices at times are darker.  I have owned the game when it was released with early access ND i m very happy with the work the developers have done. There a few story script with typoes they need to fix but nothing game breaking. Damn fine game.
76561197993326494,Recommended,249650,8897061,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,stopNukinTheBosses.Jacknapes.,"BlackGaurds is Great.   ...and, as it should be, infuriating at times. The enviromental effects give the tacticals something even FF and Ogre didn't have. Its a must play for anyone who likes turn based.*edit:  After playing some hours I feel the need to edit my review. The game remains great, except that it crashes no less than once ever 45 min. ...save often, its frusterating enough when played when the program IS responding."
76561198066799702,Recommended,249650,8903578,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Khytomer,"The Combat in Blackguards obviously carries this game through all its shortcomings. Each battle-map is different fom the last and has a unique feel to it. Customizing your characters in weapon skills and magic feels rewarding. The most fun comes from figuring how this game actually works, like when the points you just spent make a noticeable difference in the overall challenging battles. Don't expect too much offensive magic, you're better off keeping your mages in a support-role (where they ROCK hard). You probably heard about the interaction with stuff in battles, but that's totally overrated: Wasting a turn to push a box or set something ablaze is rarely worth it. Occasionally this is implemented quite nicely, like trapping something in a cage, but most of the time there's only boxes to push.I hear people drooling over how interesting the characters are, but honestly your party members are *completely* one-sided and sometimes downright dislikeable  (*minor spoiler* Zurburan selling Takate to some slaver...seriously? *spoiler end*). Their is no intruiging background story to them and definetly no progression in personality whatsoever. The story on the other hand is compelling, but since story-specific dialogue is only few and far in between the dominating combat, it's ultimately thin...very thin (if you know DBZ, you lnow what I'm talking about *lol*). The world itself feels a bit on the bland side and the streamlined gameplay leaves little room for Lore or in-depth consideration of your potentially stunning surroundings.The biggest issue here is how barebone the gameplay is. After a fight you basically point&-)click your mouse button a few times to advance the dialogue or move to the interchangeable towns to check on the completely interchangeable merchants and start the next fight. Combat-Dialogue-Click-Combat-Repeat. Kudos for the quest-writing though which I found top notch!So: Combat: AWESOME. The rest: *MEH*. I enjoyed it a lot, also because it is more fast-paced than some of its TBS-brethren."
76561197994937841,Recommended,249650,8906124,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Kanimachine,This is an interesting mix of set piece turned based battles and point and click adventure. The difficulty level is reminiscent of the good old days when games didnt't hold you by the hand.
76561198094089328,Recommended,249650,10104133,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,smoke&3is,Exelent FRP Game. One of my favorites.
,Recommended,249650,11194883,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Ribcakes,"Just finished the main game story.  At first I didn't think I would enjoy the combat style, but it turned out to be a lot of fun.  That said, some of the creatures make their moves really slowly, e.g. zombies, so if you have 6 of them on a map, it takes quite a while for it to rotate back to you."
76561197999750586,Recommended,249650,10039007,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Grendel,"Underrated game: after a rocky start it offers plenty of challenge, character customization and a fairly good story. The tactical fights are fantastic and some spells have  many interactions with the objects of the map and other spells.Just read a character creation guide and you're good to go: if you like fantasy, strategical rpg and humorous banter, this is your game."
76561198022223005,Recommended,249650,8891592,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Raaka,Mainiota turnipohjaista!
76561198031757498,Recommended,249650,8912207,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,laperu69,"Great game, having lot of fun playing it.  I had to re-start after few hours played because my characters were not properly built for the quests.  Love the tactical aspect of combats and the way you can customize and level up your character.Price is a bit steep for what you get though, 20-25$ would have been a good price I think.Cheers!"
76561197985763710,Recommended,249650,8912473,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ladorie,"Very enjoyable gameplay with a compelling story.  Couple of shortcomings:1. I did not connect with any of the characters, not enough depth2. Nothing evil about this game.  When I read that I was going to be the villian, I was exciting to be playing a different role.  However, I seem to spend all my time rescuing people and playing the hero... Maybe I don't understand what beinga  villian means3. Action Point system is flawed.  I can't tell a difference between the character I started with and the one I ended the game with.  To test it out I downloaded a trainer from{LINK REMOVED}www.cheathappens.comand added nearly a million action points, maxed out everything.  Was still not even able to one shot basic mobsIf you are a fan of turn based RPGs, I say put this on your wish list and wait for the price to drop."
76561198053168064,Recommended,249650,8830443,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Sarimae,"Well, i just bought Blackguards when it came out 2 days ago...i did not play the game til the end, i am sure, i am poor in the new ""system"" which differs in small points from the real table-top DSA RPG, but... This Game is beautiful for a Round-Based Strategy Game. It has even in the beginning nice details, th sotry is so far better then most ""gamemasters"" think of their own ones, the feeling is fine, and the choices in which skills you point is making a real difference.GREAT WORK, Daedalic. And be sure, i do not like all of your games :)Giiiiiive Addons ,... give storys...give all !"
76561198028600610,Recommended,249650,8913758,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,"Edric ""Bran Merc"" ColdScorch","I have purchase this game base out of curiosity and a fan to rpg. I have no idea of the Dark Eye stuff or the what I am going to expect. And right now, I simply enjoy it.I tried out the demo and it was quite decent and have good characters. Although when it comes to character creation I wish they add more option. The battle is simple to quite implex battle that could give a love or hate it with a scorn. It is quite the first time for me to decide and upgrade upon the talents, skills, magic and stuff.Another thing that I like was that you can equip any kind of weapon. Very nice to see that and so much possibilities to put for your character.Although I am bit perplex about the ending, I am quite enthralled with the game and was addicted to finish it."
76561198013462301,Recommended,249650,9384464,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Monktheking,"I like the game so far. I give it a B.Nice combat system. Nice stat system for upgrading characters. Loot system is ok, I personally would like more armor options. Character customization needs more options. THe story and voice acting are decent.However, the cutscene graphics are pretty bad - especially the backgrounds- not very pretty. The overall graphics are disappointing.Some light exploration would be nice as well. However, as a former AD&D player and RPG fanatic this game serves it's RPG fix in a satisfying way. Lastly, I'm playing the game on ""Easy"" and it's not difficult at all. I hear the difficulty curve is very steep."
,Recommended,249650,9681871,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Auchit,"First, it has a demo so play it.I think it is underated, while not a great game due to the plot being on rails and seldom any choices that matter, it is fun and challenging.  If you like turn based tactical combat this has enough to keep you interested."
76561197975238893,Recommended,249650,10982706,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mikazuki,Great Game!
76561197986859009,Recommended,249650,8821721,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Mathiar,"Incredible game. I'm a huge fan of turn-based gameplay. This makes me feel like I'm playing a Heroes of Might and Magic style single-player RPG, with all of the RIGHT new elements and story. If you like RPGs, and appreciate turn-based combat: I highly recommend picking this masterpiece up. :)"
,Recommended,249650,11156669,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Shinkou Kaze,"A good game for what it is, from the description and images available it looked more like a hack and slash RPG style game but turned out to be more of a turn based RPG like Final Fantasy Tactics etc. Quite let down by that shock, BUT it is fun to play."
76561198026673827,Recommended,249650,11182718,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Lonesome Wolf,"To bring a new touch and some new modern elements into the sometimes clunky and rusty turn-based RPG genre isn´t always easy I imagine, but in my opinion Daedalic did that job. In fact this game was the reason I checked out some other games from those intriguing guys.The encounters are challenging and reminded me sometimes of solving a puzzle - neverthless, to my surprise, they were extremely fun. (you should take some time to get into the DSA combat system => spend your Exp wisely ;] )Don´t expect open world - you won´t get it. What you get is one of the most grown up Dark Fantasy settings that are out there."
76561197971142699,Recommended,249650,8812229,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,simonutp,Very surprinsingly GOOD GAME!I really recommend this game to all pen and paper rpg fans!I love it.
,Recommended,249650,7763103,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,LiftMe,game of teh season. no dubts.like old good Gorky-17 with imroved skilltree and medieval crap
,Recommended,249650,8252035,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[Team_Fat]Rhinocerbus,
,Recommended,249650,8268389,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Steve,Old school combat with done new school style.
76561198091169456,Recommended,249650,8271814,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,slippingflower,good game
76561198057506676,Recommended,249650,8420717,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ChSt,Hard and fun =)
,Recommended,249650,8810654,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,zini4_tha_grunt,Very very nice gameplay and visual part.
76561197971031498,Recommended,249650,8822092,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Loreas,"A fine turn-based RPG, gentle peeps. Good, enthralling storyline and decent graphics."
76561197970781615,Recommended,249650,8897484,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,aslee4,"Really fun turn-based tactics game. I don't like the P&P system that it uses as its base (The Dark Eye), but the game has truly amazing level design. All of the encounters are hand-designed, and they play like a tabletop campaign, with environmental effects being hugely important on many maps. The game is also huge - about 40 hours of content is a good estimate."
,Recommended,249650,8809071,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,W4ine,"Virkelig lækkert turnbased combat, game mechanics i det hele taget er nice :)"
76561198052404717,Recommended,249650,10151326,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Slay,"Great hexed based rpg, I really enjoyed this game and would recommend this game to any rpg fan. I have read some of the reviews that were negative and I don't understand how people give this game a negative rating because they thought it was something different. That is their fault for assuming they knew what the game was. If you watched the trailer, it shows what exactly the game is, a hexed based rpg with strategy elements and has a story that has been done before a bunch of times. That being said I enjoyed the game very much and while the story wasn't groundbreaking the story kept my attention, kept me interested enough to see what was going to happen next and did have a few suprises. While the game can be cheap at times during combat, in no way is the combat broken or unfair, you just have to use your head a bit and have a strategy which I can understand might be hard for some people on here. Great game and you should be able to get it on sale but even at full price game is still worth playing."
76561198064403783,Recommended,249650,11079818,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,sansonp,"Good game except loading.It looks crazy.Walk into town-loading-go to other part of town-loading-out of town-loading-cut scene-loading-battle-loading-cut scene-loading-battle-loading...AND, i`m ♥♥♥♥ing going crazy when 5 time missed at 95% attack accuracy rate."
,Recommended,249650,11236891,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,"Blackguards is pretty standard a pretty standard affair for an SRPG and that's not necessarily a bad thing.  What IS a bad thing is the BS hit percentage.  After missing your first handful of 95% hit chances you'll realize just how frequently it happens and how frustrating it is.  I'm sure there's some logical explanation like the enemies dodge chance but that's never explained or shown to you.  On the plus side, there's a huge variety of maps so the battlegrounds never feel stale, unlike some other SRPGs I've played.7/10Playtime: ~ 48hrs"
76561198195466154,Recommended,249650,30221527,Posted: 27 February,all,Nicky,Quite well!
76561198169813455,Recommended,249650,19509658,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sc.tt,"great game, if your a fan of turn-based D&D style games you will love this."
76561197971917242,Recommended,249650,19796273,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Chaosprism,"Difficult but quite satisfying Turn based RPG..More for veterans of this style of game(it sort of assumes you've played this type of game before), it's worth the time put into it, some didnt like it but I liked the challenges.Storyline is pretty decent, some nice voice acting all the way through."
76561198059703012,Recommended,249650,20634690,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Horsemen,Loved this game! good story line/rpg with no walking around. sounds good to me :)
,Recommended,249650,8229592,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,RookieReborn,"Even though its in an early stage, it has alot of potential. I have enjoyed it so far, and probably will enjoy it even more with the coming patches."
76561198023487637,Recommended,249650,8792304,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Armajiro,"Not doing a lengthy review, just want to give this game a thumbs up. Awesome turn-based RPG, troubled only by a handful of frustrating fights (frustrating for all the wrong reasons). I wholeheartedly recommend it, though!"
76561197970616662,Recommended,249650,8821406,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,mylittlepony,"awesome. must buy for any rpg fan, who wants something with good story AND oldschool fighting systems where you actually have to think about stuff. lovely! more of that please :)"
76561198027839062,Recommended,249650,9338109,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,HozzMidnight,Great turn based combat RPG.  Streamlined travel/world interface is reminiscent of an SRPG.
76561198012597122,Recommended,249650,9397815,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Littl,"Overall I enjoyed this one, the Dark Eye setting is definitely an interesting one, and the gameplay is great, very challenging at times and a great degree of character customization. The biggest complaints I have are some very confusing quests in chapter 3 and the buggy nature of the game. Chapter 2 is made very weird if you don't have a good healer since the only wound curer for the whole chapter is bugged and won't do anything. The game really opens up after about 5 or so hours (chapter 3) and is quite a good RPG in that regard, lots of side quests to do and items to find, though perhaps not as many item as you would expect, very few magical/rare items, and those you do find aren't that impressive.Fun game nonetheless, story isn't very good, the twist is poorly executed, story telling is mediocre, voice acting is hit and miss and the ending is flat out terrible. If you come for anything other than gameplay you will be disappointed. If you do come for gameplay though, it's very fun, challenging fights with lots of room for strategy and plently of ways to approach any given battle."
76561197967755546,Recommended,249650,8230258,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Whatever,"Really great game. Everything sounds right : story, battles, musics... To prevent bleeding eyes, and for your own sanity, turn off the Post FX. They really overdid it on the ""bloom"" matter."
,Recommended,249650,8527313,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chillmaster1000,"I really recommend this game to anyone who likes tactical games.This game is great fun when you like a bit of a challenge. Intriguing story with compelling characters and solid combat mechanics make this game one of my favourites at the moment.If like me, you are looking for a well-thought-out tactical RPG, look no further. However, if you are looking for some mindless bashing and instant gratification, look elsewhere."
76561198116582101,Recommended,249650,8893806,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,rayzorn,"man seems to me alot of these reviews are harsh on this game. i have played many tactical strategy games over the years and this is a pretty good one in all parts.  I think the thing most people have a hard time with in this one is the dificulty of the game and them not really explaining on how attacks work. like in the percent chance to hit someone.  but if you do a little research you can figure out how to make it easy.like all spells have three attributes allocated to them. so if you want to cast a spell that has agi, cha, const then you would want all 3 of those stats to be high. the higher they are and the higher the spell lvl is the better chance you have to hitting someone with them.for rng and mele you want have the stat to be high to hit. for range its dex for mele its str. think there are also others that help. then you need the weapon you are using good also. plus therre is also a slider on the weapon. that lets you decide if you want to defend or attack better. so if you are on defend on the item you wont hit as often or as hard. so set it to attack.all in all i think this is a decent game worth a shot. at least on the demo for anyone who has an interest in tactical strategy rpgs.  i got it on sale and im not disapointed at all. also the difficulty can be a little harsh you will not win a battle the first time everytime. but im not one for easy games i loved temple of elemental evil and others that are harsh."
,Recommended,249650,8898499,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,defmore,"It's a good game in general,Positives:1) Long Playtime; I got around 40 hours out of my first playthrough, got half the achievments2) Story and Characters are good, interesting and likeable3) Voice Actors and Music are both great4) Complexity of Character Building and Fighting is something I hope for in most RPG's and I got it in this one, lots of stats to invest points in and to costumize your characters5) Sometimes the dice won't roll your way, sometimes they do, it's as close to a D&D experience in a modern Video Game you will ever getNegatives:1) Loading times when you enter a city, or go through areas in a city are attrocious and can get really on your nerves when your try to check NPC's for side quests2) Unbalanced Encounters, Not that big of a deal but sometimes you can get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked out of the blue which can be frustrating3) Encounters that don't tell you what the goal is4) Slow Battle System, the more enemies there are the longer it takes for everyone to finish their turn which can♥♥♥♥♥♥me off5) Lame EndingTips for Beginners:1) Choose Hunter as your MC; You won't get one for 80% of the game2) Sword and Shield sucks, Spears are great and so are 2 one-handed Weapons3) Always carry a blunt weapon with your chars to switch to when you encounter UNDEAD enemies, they are immune to piercing dmg4) Train Perception high with your quickest Character(With highest initiative, mine is Takate) and use it at the begin of every fight to check for traps5) Spells to lvl for your Mage: Haste to lvl 13 and cast it on your best fighters, it rly helps and is srsly good; Also I like Fireball @lvl 3 and the AOE Spell the 2nd Mage gets can be rly great coz it knocks down enemies.6) Try to push ""Astral Energy Regeneration"" as soon as you can, helps out alot too."
,Recommended,249650,9151763,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Obviously Derek,"This is a pretty good game and I would recommend it for casual game play. It doesn't have the depth of some games, but it has pretty good graphics and voice overs, and is quite easy to start playing.I often have little 5-10 minute gaps in my work day while waiting on a phone call or waiting on approval for a job, and the last few days have had this game running and play as a time-killer."
76561198106628116,Recommended,249650,9278360,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SRBN,"Great game and very addicting. I played it several times! The only downside is it ends too soon, however its worth getting."
76561198078978517,Recommended,249650,9878907,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,shadowgamer,"This game is based on a tabletop RPG called ""The Dark Eye"" which will likely be new to even most pencil and dice junkies out there.  It's a turn-based, hex-based, combat-oriented game that presents some of the most wickedly challenging combat scenarios I have had to face in a turn-based game.  The developers have made excellent use of the environment, using traps, environmental effects, hindering terrain, and interactive objects integral to most combats.  This, combined with a wide array of special abilities available through warrior training or spell effects, makes combat very dynamic and challenging.  It can also be very frustrating.  On the plus side, when you lose a tough battle, there is an option to replay the battle from the beginning of the battle, as well as from your last save, so you need not redo extensive amounts of replay to ""get to the good stuff.""There are four character generation options for this game, three basic with pre-builds of a melee warrior, a hunter archer, and a mage, and fourth option to custom build a character from scratch.  I have tried all four, but recommend trying building a character from scratch only after having tackled at least the first chapter of the game to get an idea of what the game is like.  I wanted to build an archer-mage, and found that it was easier (and you got better abilities) by starting as a straight mage and then investing experience points in archery talents and proficiencies to make up the difference.The NPCs in the game are fun and all dialogue is voiced.  The dwarven NPC (your first ally) has some really good lines.  The story is VERY linear, literally a ""go here and do this"" with arrows pointing your next route, which is nice in some ways and very frustrating in others.You get advancement points for every fight and story event, and you get a lot of them.  They accumulate quickly, but you need a ton to advance a stat or skill.  Stats, talents, weapon talents, and spells all rank from 1 to 18, with varying costs from 6 to over 480 to advance to the next level.   Experience comes in multiples of 25, depending on encounter difficulty, with more coming in the later stages of the game. Still, your Special Abilities are what makes your character be able to do extraordinary things like being able to regenerate Astral Points (mana) or Knockdown an opponent in combat.  These are relatively cheap to buy, at around 300 Advancement Points, but Special Abilities often have stat and weapon talent prerequisites that in turn cost advancement points to purchase, which all adds up to more advancement points....  I could not imagine playing ""The Dark Eye"" without a computer to aid me, especially as your Attack Value, Parry Value, Dodge Value, and Ranged Attack Value are all based on three stats added together and divided by five.  And that every roll in the game is a test against three ability scores.  All of this is handled by the computer and done very nicely in a battlelog that summarizes it in a percentage chance for you.  It can be a bit confusing when your 100% chance to hit misses, because evidently the computer rounds to the nearest %(?) but that's a quibble.In all this is an exceptionally fun game.  I keep telling myself I am tired of getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by the game and will quit THIS TIME for sure, but in minutes I am back to beat the fight that got me.  It's so linear you can hear the train whistle when you play.  You will have your butt kicked routinely.  But if you like challenging turn-based combat and designing your own characters, you will likely love this game."
76561197974493059,Recommended,249650,9952028,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,jgaltx,"I really enjoyed Blackguards. For the same reason I enjoyed other old school CRPGs. It had enough of a story to keep it interesting, the combat was challenging and very tactical, and the character/skill/spell system was deep and interesting. If you like old school CRPGs, I highly recommend this game.What does old school CRPG mean?Graphics - while good for a CRPG are nowhere near cutting edge. If you must play something to justify your $1000 dual video card setup, this game is not it..Sound - voice overs a generally very high quality and clearly done by professionalsCombat - this and the skill system are the meat of any CRPG. Combat is very tactical which makes it fun for me. Anything on the field of combat can be pushed over, destroyed, lit on fire, etc. So for example you can lure your opponents to stand in bushes and cast a fireball on them and not only will they take the initial damage they will take per round damage when the bushes catch fire. Lots and lots of tactical depth and different options make combat fun and at times quite challenging.Character/Skill/Spell System - the other key part of any CRPG. I like The Dark Age system and this game uses that system to create a very deep and interesting set of skills, spells, and attributes to choose from to build your main character and your party of NPCs.Party-based - Old school CRPGs are almost always party-based and this game checks that box with 5 NPCs that join (and in most cases stay) with your group throughout the game. You'll play most of the game with you PC and 3 NPCs.LInear - all good old school CRPGs are linear so they can control the level of opponent you face and unfold the story in a particular way. Books and movies and are linear too and that's what makes them good. I like old school CRPGs to be linear and tell a story and create custome encounters (rather than random ones). Don't get me wrong, I like games like Skyrim, but I generally prefer old school linear CRPGs as the rule and open games like Skyrim as the exception.Story - good enough to keep it interesting.....If you like old school CRPGs don't miss this one."
76561198060504077,Recommended,249650,10085252,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Aquinas,"This is the turn based game I was looking for in 90's.  Its stable, it doesn't take itself too seriously.  The story line is fun, interesting.  Its got limited characters but theres lots of routes you can go with them skill/training wise.  Its all about the stratagy.  Don't be expecting your graphics card to come under any pressure, this game's graphics are about 20 years behind mainstream games,  I played it through twice but it was a bit easy 2nd time around once you know whats coming.  Theres really only one way through the game so the replay instantly felt repetative."
76561197990444420,Recommended,249650,8339169,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Obmar,Love this game - make more like this please!
76561198002951956,Recommended,249650,8814913,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Anathema_Dreamer,"Wholeheartedly recommended for anyone with a love for tactical RPGs. I found myself addicted to the ease of the turn based combat and was pleasantly surprised by how easily I got into the swing of things.For those interested in the Dark Eye setting this game is a great introduction that plunges you directly into a story that is intriguing with characters full of personality who I have become attached to and want to know more of.Strategically speaking while you have to pick one of three classes at the beginning, the game gives you the opportunity to either mix and match from the beginning or to develop a character along the lines of what you would like to play. The battles are a good mix of duration, long without being tedious and short enough so that restarting is not a chore.All in all I say this game is well spent that gave me my money's worth and then some, and I can certainly see why The Dark Eye setting is so popular over seas."
,Recommended,249650,8499827,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Highlander,Nice RPG coming along well in the develpoment. Still needs a bit more work. Would like to a more random encounters to earn more XP (or AP inm this game) and more weapons and armour to balnce out some obvious discrepencies in the strength of item types. As it is still in development I expect many of these things may be imporved before release. But other than those improvements ti is progressing well and is a nice complelling and fun RPG for fans of the genre.
76561198086574314,Recommended,249650,8601705,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,NoodleyOne,"This game is such a tight experience.  Combat is refreshingly good, and it offers a healthy amount of customization for your characters, with multiple viable builds.  The story is sufficient to get you to keep moving, but it's no Planescape: Torment (which is fine by me).  With all of the other RPGs on the horizon and in Early Access, I took a bit of a flyer on this one, and I'm really glad I did.  I don't know who these devs are or where they came from, but they have created a really good game here."
76561197969786287,Recommended,249650,9187664,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Darin,"Surprisngly good fun.  A ton of quests, a hefty amount of character customization, fairly solid voice acting, and most importantly, good turn based strategy combat.  The game does very little to ease you into it, but once you pick up the mechanics and understand the stat system behind the scenes, it really comes into its own."
76561197991577653,Recommended,249650,9339988,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,OldDirtyBastard,"Good old turn based rpg, missed these, good graphics."
,Recommended,249650,9806286,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Hirayama_Shinzaemon,"Altough not being your tipical RPG, Blackguard is very interesting and fun to play game. A gameplay is a mix of genres and playstyles which remind me of Heroes of Might and Magic series, Dungeons and Dragons pen and paper and good old RPGs like Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale. All in all it holds a nice niche and a nice RPG refreshment for many fun hours."
76561198031399659,Recommended,249650,10074435,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,The Placebo Effect,"Its a great game, with many flaws. Itll keep you entertained and its great at what it is, but the flaws make it worth much less that $40........pick it up on a 60% off sale or more and youll be happy with the investment."
,Recommended,249650,10779647,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vejita,This RPG is hard and that is just how I like them. Go play it.
,Recommended,249650,10874371,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Snakes,yes
,Not Recommended,249650,9713733,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Crocodile done deal,Very boring and liniar storyline. Charecter development and dialogue is very average. I STRONGLY RECOMMENT NOT BUYING!!!!
76561198005029547,Recommended,249650,9917451,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,facecaptain,A fun game overall with some decent stratergy in the battles. The animation and voice acting were pretty teriible and the story was pretty average. Good character development and skill selection make it addictive though and there are heaps of different maps which keep the battles interesting.
76561197997074475,Recommended,249650,8864286,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,rstrik,"I don't write reviews for games often, but i felt the need to review this game being it's getting ""mixed"" reviews.  Blackguards is one of those games that is not going to give you instant gratification.  After playing it for a couple of hours I initially logged out and went back to another RPG thinking to myself that it was not very fun.  Well after going back to it a few times and progressing through the game I've determined i love the game.  It takes some time to figure out the combat system and how to get a feel for the ebonflow.  It is highly strategic and combat can be approached many different ways using the battlefield, spells, usable inventory and special abilities, this is where the game really shines, it has a difficult and somewhat different system than most RPGs I've played.If you dislike a true roll based game where you expect to push x spell and it hit your enemy, do not buy.  This game will drive you crazy sometimes in that regard, the battles can be long and having your caster miss twice in a row with your entire party down really brings me back to the Nintendo days of smashing my controller into the screen.  However this is part of the appeal to me.  And yes somewhat less but the enemies do bork their spells ocassionally too so it is a little fair in that regard.If you dislike having to study a game with a totally different feel than what you are used to, in regards to stats, abilities, and tactics, do not buy.If you love a good challenge and are willing to spend some trial and error learning the system, it is extremely fun and the play is flawless, i've seen no bugs or problems other than the Head and Foot Icon on the character pane reversed.  I've only put a few days into the game but can say that it has grown on me with each battle and i can see where the replay on it will be high since each battle really is totally different and your tactics are very modifiable.  I'd give this game a 8/10 thus far and believe it's one of the better RPGs on the market right now.  Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,249650,10106487,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Sigfried,"Super satisfying tactical combat, but a little short of brilliantThe meat of this game is developing your characters and engaging in challenging tactical combat. I played on hard difficulty and it was no joke. You know you have a winner when your first time through a fight feels like a hopeless battle you can’t possibly win, but coming back for another try (or 5) you start to see a path and sure enough you snatch victory from the claws of your enemies. I found myself saying a lot of “No no no!! and Yes yes yes!!” and that is a good sign indeed.A decent system for equipment and hard choices to make for what kind of characters to develop and when make for pretty reasonable strategic choices between fights. I never quite felt like re-starting to make different choices but I switched focus and direction a few times as I learned what worked and what didn’t. Better yet, different fights call for very different approaches and play to the strengths and weaknesses of your character. There is no one right answer or best build, just a lot of different good choices you need to learn how to utilize. The only mistake you can make is not learning the mechanics and failing to do any specialization at all.On the other hand, while the voice acting is fine and the writing is decent, I was never all that compelled by either the characters or the story. It was never daft or cliche or bad in any way, but rarely all that awesome or intriguing. There are minor choices to be made here and there but rarely do they feel all that impactful and while the order you do quests is often open, there is rarely a feeling it matters all that much either.The game is worth the money, especially if you love tactical combat and like a stiff challenge. If you are looking for a story driven RPG or something with a feeling of grand adventure, this might not be your game."
76561198235240888,Recommended,249650,20094043,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,bollersplait,"Pros:The Blackguards storyline is quite enjoyable. I really like the different characters being voiced by different actors (though I'm sure some NPC's have doubled-up).I'm glad that players have the option of ""creating"" their character's base stats.Cons:I'm playing on a 2-year-old  Mac and the game crashes frequently. I restart the game, restart the Steam client -- even restart my computer -- and it's still frequently crashing.When I'm in the game, occasionally the screen changes colours / views. For example, I'll see lines across the screen (not just the hexes) and sometimes the screen is entirely composed of solid colours. Another time I was playing the game and all the arrows / NPC conversation icons disappeared.Final Thoughts:Maybe these troubles are just due to playing the game on a Mac. If you can pick the game up on sale ($5 or less), then it's worth giving a try. I don't recommend paying full price for what can be a buggy experience."
76561198054337027,Not Recommended,249650,18540453,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Aikura,"A decent core game completely undermined by the worst RNG I have ever seen. Even with a 80-90% chance to hit, you will miss consistantly and your spells will fizzle. Whatever strategy might have been is soon undone, as all encounters are eventually reduced to a group of units all clustered in one part of the map, swinging and missing each other."
,Recommended,249650,19820662,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,The Eggman,"Blackguards is a hexagonal turn based strategy game with some fun elements to it.The story line is fairly interesting, with many offshoots in the plot to keep you entertained.The graphics are nice and clean and the voice acting surprisingly good, with many humorous lines from the characters as they play off of one another during your adventures together.The learning curve isn't too harsh and the tutorial helps a lot during the start.However it can at times be a little punishing and you will find yourself hitting the restart button on quite a few occasions, especially any levels involving poison, to which there seems to be many. In my opinion the mechanic is used maybe a little too much throughout the game and the effects can start to become a little irritating, so spec to counter this when you get a chance. There are a few bugs, but nothing I would consider to be game breaking, so all in all Blackguards is worth the buy, but I would recommend waiting for it to be on sale and avoid the full price. I picked this up discounted and am more than satisfied with what I got for the money."
76561198005685847,Recommended,249650,8043814,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DiceWrangler,"Blackguards is still in ""Early Access"" but is turning-out to be a very enjoyable light RPG/tactical combat game. The mood is somewhat dark, as opposed to ""We are the Good Guys!"" we see in so many heroic fantasy games, with all of your companions -- and yourself -- having a ""shady side."" For example, a central theme to the story is that you were falsely accused of murder but, as the story develops, you are starting to suspect that maybe you DID do it. . ."
,Recommended,249650,13282666,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Sir_Bertran,"This is a good game.For those, who don't like it - you just don't understand the game mechanics.The best thing is, that almost all things in the games feels right. There is non of frustrating moments, that was created only for blockbuster effects. All seems to be suited within game story and logic. It's rare in moderns games.The battle system, voice acting, music, story and the atmosphere is also good.And the best part - the challenge. It's quite a conundrum at the normal level, and hard puzzle in hard. That's great!I liked this game."
76561198037872521,Not Recommended,249650,8954534,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Chacal,"The system is all about combat, which I could enjoy as I love tactical RPG... if that wasn't only about percentages. The skill tree is dull, fireball-aimed blow-dodge-... and tell it all from level one. All the nice videos I see while writing this seem very far from my 20 hours game experience. Not gonna do that until I powerlevel my fireball to lvl 12, my axe/mace skill to 10/12, my strengh to ... bah."
76561198156639220,Not Recommended,249650,21647206,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cipolla,"For what it costed, it doesn't deliver much.Generic plot, so-so combat that really does not require strategy :/Cute graphics and art though."
76561197960684241,Recommended,249650,8884466,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Drugstore Cowboy,"I am not sure why this is getting so many negative reviews. I have played a pretty good amount of this game so far. Is it the best? No. However it is not bad by any means.If you like turn based RPGs then this game is great. People REALLY should research games before they buy them. The game has a little bit of a steep learning curve but if you are even a semi-decent gamer and are familiar with TBS games then that should not be a problem at all.Personally I am REALLY REALLY sick of all the games nowdays hand holding you and making things so simple. What some say about the leveling and skills/stat points is true however. There is really not alot of explaination about how to do this. Trial and error is all you have. I ended up starting the game over a few times before I really started to figure out how to do it properly.The story is not the greatest and neither is the gameplay or graphics. However I have had alot of fun with this game. I like the darker story. I like that your crew is not a bunch of goody goody types. The movement and cities are pretty bland but that is ok beacuse the fights are alot of fun IMO. The enviornmental parts of the battles are very cool. I like that you have to open cells to create a distraction and get away from the guards. It was way cool that I had to lead the troll into some flammable gas and then shoot him with a fireball to do a ton of damage. Cutting the rope and dropping a chandelier on some  guards was pretty damn cool. There is alot to like in this game if you can get around the mediocre graphics and horrid voice acting!If you are looking for a AAA super polished graphical game this is not for you. If you like a decent story, dont really care about graphics, and you like TBS RPGs then this is for you!Overall this is a pretty good game. There are not alot of TBS RPGs out there to pick from and if your a big fan of that genre then you will like this game.Divinity: Original Sin is a better choice IMO but that is still in Alpha and has ALOT of bugs. I bought both of them and I really enjoy them both.Again this is not the prettiest game. The voice acting and cut scenes are ATROCIOUS!!!!! But who cares as long as the combat and RPG elements are good.Graphics: 5/10Sound: 5/10Story: 5/10Gameplay: 7/10Overall: 6/10Like I said its not the greatest game out there. But in this genre there is really not much to choose from. TBS RPGs are probably my favorite type of game and this game does an above average job.Buy it if you are like me and really jonesing for a TBS RPG!"
,Recommended,249650,23522151,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,chris.by,A better game than its sequel. More charming in its less streamlined form. Don't buy if you can't cope with the RNG.
,Recommended,249650,22496159,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Wolfingen,Better than I thought 7/10 GEt ti if you want a original RPG
,Not Recommended,249650,31238146,Posted: 19 April,all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a RPG(RNG) Turn based strategy game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is a difficulty level settings available.You are able to toggle the tutorial.There is a master volume slidebar available and it is also % based.There is a music volume slidebar available and it is also % based.There is a effect volume slidebar available and it is also % based.There is a voice volume slidebar available and it is also % based.There are some different resolution sizes available.About the game.Before you are able to play your game, they will ask you if you do wish to be a Mage, Hunter or a warrior. Each class has their own advantage and disadvantage. This game is borderline... Well let's say uncreative. You click on a map location and that level will start. You are either fighting against an enemy or you are in a town. Once in a town you are able to buy/sell items at a shop, Rest to recover the stats, Talk to some people or even doing quest activities. Whenever you are fighting against an enemy the combat rules are pretty simple (It's like Heroes of might and magic). The battlefield is on a Grid and each unit take turns for their action. The character speed is known as ""initiative"" and the higher number, the faster a character is able to perform again in a battle. Sadly enough the game suffers from ""Random number generator"" in fights (Such as X-Com) which means, Even if you have a 95% attack chance against an enemy. Well jokes on you, The 95% is not really 95% as you are still missing pretty often. Your character is able to level up and they are able to learn new spells, talents and other things. They can be equipped with items to make them stronger in battles.Subtitles are voiced over. You are able to skip and fastforward it.Great Graphics.Turn based Combat.Decent story.Random number generated % based in battles.Character has some customiziation.There is a rules control overview.Alot of ingame tips/explainations.It has dialogues and cutscenes.Other things.The random number generator in turn based games is simply NOT WORKING and will always ruin the game. Xcom is a good example (MY OPINION) as the enemy always have a higher hit chance than you will ever get.So in short words. ""Combat mechanic is unfair towards the player as it is happening too often""-------------------I Give this game a 5/10"
,Recommended,249650,8374595,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Oriomaeth,"This game has only one flaw : You cannot use the camera to view the battlefield from another angle.Other than that, it is brilliant.Needless to say more to avoid spoil.."
76561197981887133,Not Recommended,249650,8856721,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Gash,"Don't waste your money.Frustrating and annoying Scenarios.I've never seen such a useless band of heroes who miss nearly every swing or spell.I find myself pressing ""Try Again"" every 2 minutes because my heroes miss so often = end of scenario."
76561198008872166,Not Recommended,249650,9657027,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Scrutinizer,"Before you read the review:1. Ignore Daedalic fanboys who praise and defend their every game with religious zeal.2. This is not a good game, not worth 40€ at all.3. Since I was a little boy, I have played A LOT of turn-based games (from Jagged Alliance, Silent Storm, Heores, Disciples, Age of Wonders to the newer titles like Frozen Synapse, Xcom, Expeditions Conquistadors and more) and they are probably my favourite genre.Oh boy, where to start? On paper this game looks fantastic and fools you into thinking that you are in for a exciting experience. You are not. Every aspect of this game is lackadaisical, poorly executed and underdeveloped. Let's take a look at each component of Blackguards:Character creation:You create your character from three available classes: warrior, ranger and mage. However, classes don't determine anything as you can specialise in anything you want. I choose to be a dual-wielding fighter who helps with buffs and some offensive spells. I quickly abandoned that idea, because the game heavily favors archers and maybe heavy-hitting warriors. Not really adequate for an RPG, is it? The battles became impossible and I was literally forced to respec and become an archer. Also, certain skills are a must, other are a bust.The world:On your quest you travel across the land, visit different cities. Each city/town is represented by an image on which points of intrests are clickable (tavern, blacksmith, healer). Those town screens are pretty but mostly unremarkable and you only visit them on some of many, MANY fetch quests. In fact, everything in this game is point and click (like in adventure games), which creates a very static feel.The universe itself will be familiar to players that have played other Daedalic games (Chains of Satinav, Memoria etc) - the Dark Eye universe. As with many other games by this developer, there are references to the their previous entries here and there and you may encounter characters that appeared somewhere else (ie a certain NPC from Chains of Satinav can be found in Blackguards). It's definitely a nice touch.Your party:Before the game was released, there was a lot of hype concering your party - a bunch of outlaws and criminals. Ugh, not really. Playing Baldur's Gate 2 and taking Viconia, Edwin and Korgan is waaaay more badass. You never get the feeling that they are really on the run, criminals with disgusting past. No, nothing like that. Half of your party (which is fixed, you can't choose between a bunch of characters) is bland (main character included), the other half is fleshed out, but not spectacular.Dialogues:The dialogues in Blackguards serve one purpose only - to push the story forward (or give you fetch quests). As a player, you just click every option of the dialogue (not a lot of them) and very rarely can choose between different answers. Voice acting is hit or miss. Dialogues are done through the dialogue boxes and again, they feel extremely static.Story:As for the story, it is indeed intriguing. Side quests are a grind - you just run errands and they always end up with a fight. Main story is what drives you forward. The ending may be a bit underwhelming but I won't spoil anything.Items, loot:Forget it. Basic weapons and every once in a while their magical variations, which are still unremarkable and differ only slightly from the ordinary equipment.Combat:Ah, Blackguards is supposed to feature a deep, dynamic turn-based combat. Well, I can tell you it is turn-based. It's nowhere near 'deep' nor 'dynamic'. Out of advertised 40 abilities I used maybe 5 throughout the entire game. Out of 90 spells (wait, what? where?) I used 10 at best. The combat just fails to be exciting or rewarding, despite the environment interaction which becomes repetitive and not worth the trouble. The saving grace here is that each battlefield is special - you will not find two the same, reused battlemaps and that's a treat. The challenge (beware of sudden and unexpected difficulty spikes) comes not from tough opponents but from a vast array of cheap shots and irritating design choices the developers throw at you when it's time to ramp up the difficulty. Examples: you fight a giant lily and a wood troll. Giant lily takes control over your character and draws him into the water where several tentacles (they come out of nowhere) rip him to shreds in a matter of few turns. Now, giant lily grows in the water - if you want to approach it with you fighters and beat it to death, forget it. The tetnacles will block your way and pound you. So you figure to stay on land, as it's a viable option to defeat the lily. You use your archers (did I tell you the game favors archers?) and have 60% to hit the lily. Out of 16 shot, 4 connected. I counted. Some of the hits do no damage (don't know why, it's random). Magic should work, but usually does no or very little damage. Sounds fun? Well, don' forget about the wood troll knocking your guys down every turn. Yay.Another example. You have to hold on and kill 27 zombies that just keep spawning. You try to hit a zombie, have 75% chance to hit and surprise, surprise you miss 4 of your 5 blows (then you read 'Zombie dodges the shot masterly'). Then you hit the damn thing with magical short swords and do 3 damage. Zombie retailiates and does 14 damage with his bare hands. Logic anyone? Whatever. Bottom line is - combat is rarely interesting, mostly infuriating and frustraing. And this is supposed to be the main point of the game... Ah yes, there are also stealth maps, but they are flat out awkward.Graphics:The town screens are indeed a joy to look and the world map is arfully drawn. Other than that, the graphics is mediocre and so are the animations. Whan characters speak their jaws are flapping unnatrually, but you won't see that other than in cutscenes.Music:Ah, yes. Apart from the story, the only strong point of Blackguards. The music always accompany you and creates a curious mood as you progress through the story. It's always in the background, never imposes itself, and yet you remember the motifs and find yourself humming the melodies.Immersion:Unfortuantely, I was never immersed. I blame the overall static feel of the game, the point and click nature of it. There is no fluidity, as the game is chopped by frequent loading screens as you jump between towns. The lack of environments to explore (I'm not expecting Skyrim here, just your ordinary Icewind Dale locations), lack of movement is what absolutely kills this game. Maybe it would be salvagable if the conversations where meaty and interesting, but the interactions between characters are limited to few lines.Bottom line:Do not buy this game unless you are absolutely desperate for a turn-based combat game set in a fantasy world. It's annoying and frustrating. Tell you what. Save your money and buy Divinity Original Sin instead. Or go play Jagged Alliance. Blackguards is a waste of your time and money.Score: 2/10PS.Man, this game was bad!PS 2.Before purchase, try the demo out.Peace."
76561198031328124,Recommended,249650,28213300,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Rizilliant,"I really enjoyed it.. The difficulty can be ridiculous on certain enemies, and is extremely punishing if you screw up your builds.. Its very rng based, and people who hated the hit% crap from Xcom EU/EW will hate this as much.. I didnt have many technical issues, and I really enjoyed the game, and am looking forward to playing through part 2 when i get around to it..I did have to turn the diff down to easy, as I was just unable to get through some fights (one in particular, which repeates later on, and is where i finally gave up) Irribar Illy or something.. Has tentacles, and wisps which can only be dmg via magic..Not only can melee attacks fail, but so do spell casts.. I dont mind misses when its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ chance to cast/hit, but when 90%+ chances miss consistently and consecutively, it just promotes save scumming to advance, and thats what i felt i had to do to progress..  Even on easy, as i said..Later on, you feel much more powerful, but some other cheap feeling tactics are then thrown at you, often far out numbering the player..Like I said, I enjoyed the game, but Ill be damned if i could figure out the difficulty, and Im no stranger to tactical games.."
,Not Recommended,249650,13952765,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Knuff,"Blackguards by Daedalic - A promising game with some annoying flawsI've spent 112 hours meticulously stripping down every area, every character and every side quest I could find during my first (and so far only) playthrough of this game. For the record, I'm a seasoned RPG-player and accustomed to the old-school turn based games.Short version: Bl♥♥♥♥guards is an average game which could have been a lot better without some of the bugs and a more intuitively developed story engine.For those of you who remember the glory days of the genre with Baldur's Gate I and II, IceWind Dale amongst others, Blackguars might still be worth looking into. I enjoyed playing it, but I would also like to post a warning about some of things that knocked down the total score for me:The main plot is... kinda slow. And dull. I actually enjoyed several of the side-quests a lot more than the main story. The ending is very dissapointing (and without giving any spoilers, that is an understatement). I also missed having background stories unfold for the main characters, but perhaps Daedalic are saving those for the sequel(?).Several achievements are (still) bugged. 5 of them simply can't be completed at all (confirmed by the steam community) but I've had a total of 6-7 that bugged in my game. It's been more than a year since these bugs were first reported and the steam forums have had no response from the developers yet. Like I just mentioned above, they are currently developing a sequel to Blackguards, so chances are that these bugs might never be fixed. Hence: be warned if you're one of those players (like me) who wants to cross off every achievement from the list. For future reference: I have not bought or played the DLC.Some of the game mechanics are not explained (at all) in the manual and I had to scavenge the steam forums to see if they actually worked or not. Armor is perhaps the most obvious aspect, where players have no way of telling if the armor skills makes any difference or if the character is encumbered (and if so, what penalties to expect in battles).An abundance of spells and skills makes things look very promising at first glance, but in reality, most of them are pretty much useless. Even when taking in account different preferations/play styles, at least 50% of the spells are likely to never be used by any player. Unfortunately, that goes for weapon types, talents and weapon skills as well. I can't shake the feeling that these worthless skills where put only there for marketing purposes rather than adding flavour to the game. It's either that, or Daedalic simply ran out of time/funds and had to release the game without proper (re)balancing tests.Although you are frequently presented with alternatives and choices in NPC dialogues, it rarely matters what you choose. I guess you could say that they are there to add some RP, but even so it could have been handled with more finesse. Instead you're bound to a main plot that you have no chance of altering the outcome of.I really don't want to spoil anything for you, but a frequent bother is when the game removes one ore more of your followers (and sometimes even your main character) without warning. A new player might have to start from scratch halfway through the game. Hint: make sure that your main character is at least somewhat decent in ranged combat.The 20th time the game presents you with two choices where one gives you a handsome reward (typically the ""evil"" aligned choice) while the other leaves you empty handed you can't help but wonder why? Most players expect good deeds to add up to some kind of greater reward later on. In my personal opinion, this is perhaps the single biggest flaw Blackguards has, and it feels like the developers rushed the story instead of taking time to plot out great stories. Let me underline that I don't think that ""good"" alignment should be favoured in any way. The rewards doesn't have to be better gear or more gold, it could for example be new dialogues/NPC's that are unlocked at some point further down the line. For a game that relies so heavily on RPG stereotypes it's dissapointing that karma is pretty much non-existant in Blackguards, And yet,sometimesthe choices you make are actually so important that it could warrant starting over from the beginning. I would advice all new players to SAVE, SAVE and SAVE their game as often as possible. Think of Blackguards as a Bethesda title in that aspect.With the bad stuff out of the way, let's round things up with the more positive aspects of Blackguards:it's an ambitious attempt at rebooting the genre (yes, I'm aware that there are several other similar games on the market nowdays) based on a popular tabletop theme. The graphics are decent and the voice acting is top notch.Currently priced at €39.99, I'd recommend potential customers to wait for one of the steam sales before buying. For that kind of money you'll likely to find plenty of better alternatives. Personally I bought it in aDaedalicbundle and 120 hours of gameplay is more than I expect to get from most titles these days.All in all I'd score Blackguards a somewhere between 6 and 7 out of 10."
76561198024559087,Not Recommended,249650,33938573,Posted: 31 July,all,serash1,"I am sick and tired of games with game breaking bugs.  This game was a very good game until...the characters disappear, the game becomes unresponsive, reload same thing.  The devs have known about this issue for a long time with no fix.  I have tried the fixes suggested on this board to no avail.Game breaking bugs are becoming the norm.  I had the same issue with underrail."
,Recommended,249650,34718564,Posted: 3 September,all,paul1576,"Its a good tactical rpg.  Its fun, challaging at times and funny at times too.  So far i have had no issues at all with the game and i am very pleased i bought the game.  For me the only thing it could do with is a rotational camera to get the angle you want to view things at."
,Recommended,249650,8746011,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Grundlehair,"Great turn based tactical combat RPG.  The non-combat parts of the game are really just ""interface"" and story board.  Kind of like a Dark Eye based XCOM.  Combat is great.Character development can be frustrating at first if you're not familiar with Dark Eye rules, but once you figure out the basics (focus entirely on a skill or two to start until you're competent at them before branching out), it's a smooth progression.Not at all loot based.  Combat is pure character build and tactics based.  Pay attention to the environments, they are key.  Some battles will seem impossible if you didn't pay attention to the commentary leading up to it and use your ""V"" key to highlight the interactive objects."
76561197972551464,Not Recommended,249650,11409397,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,The Bruce,"Bought this for the Classic RPG Flavour,after finishing the main quest and buying the DLC I am left with nothing ...I feel an emotional void, with some hints of vague anger,  but to be honest,  I can't even get worked up enough about the game to articulate that anger,it is a bland dull lifeless trawl through the mire of cut scenes and surviving waves of peasants with pitchforks and a purple hued aura of ""I'll oneshot your party cuz I'm all evil and Purple!""  .. did I mention ?  Purple is the colour of evul and it makes minoins super badass.that said,  if you optimise your characters  (and I mean REALLY get into the math and the 500 page book of rules from the boardgame .. if ur into that shizzle for a PC game ... then you may actually kill some ... oh no,  wait .. RNG will just make you fail anyways...in short  TL;DR  .... save yourself from losing some hours that you will never get back.wait for divinity or Wasteland 2and for gods sake do not buy the DLC ... it's a few missions they cut out the original game that you actually cannot access once you complete the main quest line ...Don't ask me how THAT works !"
,Recommended,249650,15842831,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,"You must think in this game to beat it decently. There are times where if you don't think through the battle, it feels like it's impossible to win. Also, start with weapons (at least one on any non mage) before you do all the fancy skills."
,Not Recommended,249650,31678567,Posted: 11 May,all,walthulhu,"Something about the combat left me flat and I just can't really identify it. I was really hoping for something like the Temple of Elemental Evil approach to turn based combat so perhaps my disappointment is unjustified, and yet it's there."
,Recommended,249650,21273938,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Reap,"Absolutely great game. Hard as sin too! Some missions I was moments away from quitting but about a few attempts I'd do it. That is satisfaction!Both a blessing and curse there too making you fight 3 missions in a row. Personally I dont like that being sprung on me because I am time sensitive. If I sit down to play a mission I expect it to take me maybe half an hour so thats what I expect and I really dont want to put up with extreme late nights or the wife nagging because of this. Sure, I could turn it off and use some self control but I expect the games studios to help me out and understand, games are addictive and we want to complete you!Loved this TBS. Great story, travelling was new and there was little in this game that was in any way wrong."
,Recommended,249650,16527350,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(CGU) Uncle Beebs,"Blackguards is a great game, it has some weird flaws, the combat is a tad wonkey, and the voice acting is lacking, but overall a fun game to play."
76561198015731346,Recommended,249650,16177481,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ExA_Sn4k3,"Old school RPG with turn-based combat system, nice graphic and pretty fun dialogues. Quite an hard game with some harder difficulty-spike in some point but nothing exceeding. It's about 60 hours game .Here i put some advice that i would have needed .General advice:- Let Naurim tank,he will tank everything on the earth.-Buffs,debuffs and almost all spell at level 4 hit the entire map. (for exemple u can buff your entire team or debuff their )-check all spell teacher to get passives,mage are dumb cows without accuracy passive.-at the beginning seems that all mage spell has low chance to hit,when you up em and get accuracy passive almost all abilities have 99% chance.-heals are very important,get em at least al lvl 3 ,pretty nice to heal your wounds.-CHECK THE ENVIRONMENT,it will always semplify battles.Starter Class Advices:first 50% of the game:-Normal attack damage class ,specifically 2 Handed weapon  or archer are insanely strong .-Mages are nice but you've not lvl 4 spells and suffer cause of low mana.-hybrid is overpowered: get for example an archer + increased ranged damage buffs.( same for melee)Other 50%-Normal attack damage class are still strong,lot of hp,dodge,and damage. (melee weapons with poison are pretty nice)-Mages now can annihilate an entire battle alone. Just with lvl4  flame spear ,evel 4 shield  and level 3 thunder globe.-Archers with buffs are still overpowered.Good luck and have fun!"
76561198137464519,Not Recommended,249650,24335784,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,carlsniper2142,Absolute garbage. lmost right at the start of the game at the graves you are pitted against FAR superior enemies with no alternativesd or permutations to consider other than where on the field you will die.  Far too much story telling and poor game play. Would not recommend this if they were giving it away.
,Not Recommended,249650,11320555,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dr. Leo Spaceman,A truely bland and frustrating game.   Behind the average game mechanics are lousy(innacurate) percentages and a contrived  linear plot.  It rapidly becomes unfun. I would like my $30 back.
76561198035054806,Recommended,249650,11629937,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,sara_bear,"I like this game, but it has issues.1. Character modeling is overly limited. Common oh about 6 years back, but nowadays..2. Inventory acsess is problematic. Too many other games out there had this fixed 15 years back. It's unexsuseable passed 2010.3. It's not open world. Which wouldn't be a problem except in this system it's so tightly plotted and linear that it almost kills the fun. Not to mention the plot is soo sooo easy to figure out that well....However I like this game's world. I just wish they let me play in it outside of their story."
,Recommended,249650,11744972,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Dasya,"Just finished Blackguards, and it took about 50 hours of play time (this includes the DLC). I am a big fan of turn based tactical RPGs, and Blackguards does very well with the genre. Game difficulty is good, the story (though not amazing) is told well. Graphics are all right, but nothing to write home about. The maps are well designed and do not feel re-used, but the characters look like something from a game that was released over 6 years ago, not just over 6 months ago. Only being able to pick a head out of a choice of 6? I expect that from an indie company, not an established development studio.Enemies are diverse, and they tossed in a good amount of missions with different obectives so the goal it's always just to wipe out the other side. There are times when it does get frustrating as the number of enimies can be many on a map, and we feel like you're spending more time waiting than actually playing the game.When I first started playing Blackguards (during version 1.2) the game was buggy af. Some trainers did not work, some healers did not work (including what that was kind of critical to being able to progress in the game). Thought this was fixed in patch 1.3, but the game still has its bugs. These range from minor annoyance (I swear 25% of the achievements are bugged), to ""Why isn't this fixed yet"" (Big huge massive spoiler -->Seriously, what's up with Aurelia? I trusted her and sided with her on everything, and in the end she still dies... Not that I even got the achievement for that)Despite the frustration of the bugs, it is a very good game, and one I would say should be added to anyone's list if they like turn based tactical RPGs. Just be aware that it still needs some work."
,Recommended,249650,20262704,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JOHJ,"I mean I don't have anything constructive to say but the gameplay is okay and the voice acting is MARVELOUS. I can't decide whether it's so bad it's good or just actually good, but holy hell even if the gameplay turns out to suck later I'm still gonna do this♥♥♥♥♥♥just to listen to those guys talk"
76561198112038858,Recommended,249650,8815732,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Linkenstein,"Classic old school RPG. If you love playing D&D or games like that, you would LOVE this game."
76561197995425192,Not Recommended,249650,9444048,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Meanwhile,"I tried to like it; I really did.  But this game is so damn boring!  I normally like tactical RPGs, but this is the blandest, shallowest combat system I've ever seen.  And it looks like the complexity that comes later in the game is more about numbers than interesting tactical considerations.  On top of that, the story is weak, and the characters are both unsympathetic and dull.  So ... no story to keep me interested, no combat to keep me interested ... yeah, I'm not going to slog through the 10 hours or whatever before the so-called complexity kicks in.  DO NOT RECOMMEND."
,Not Recommended,249650,12732342,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Still Tyrion,"I have to admit that I bought this game blindly: Daedelic had such a good name with me that I didn't read any reviews. So maybe this is just a case of disappointed love. Anyway: I only played a few hours and then stopped, because:- imho the dark eye rpg system is clumsy and makes for rather boring fights- the game restricts you to fights on small hex fields without any exploring or experience of a world, to small towns (basically a static screen which allows you to click on merchants and trainers), and static travel screens.- the story and the characters are stereotyped, especially strange from a company wellknown for its storytelling.- the interface is very counterintuitive (fighting, selling etc.)"
,Not Recommended,249650,21676577,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,FrobnosticusRex,"Save yourself.  Plays like a mediocre browser game.I'd been back and forth on Blackguards since it came out and finally took the plunge.  After a scarce hour or two of play, with wonky ""cinematic"" interruptions, weirdly paced combat, and absolutely awful dialog, I just had to put it down and ""delete local files.""Gameplay seems to be more about picking battlefields from a world map menu than anything.Just... no."
,Recommended,249650,12836736,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Nana Shi,"When I first started this game I was like:""Oh it's gettind difficult"" a sensation, we gamers long for in a tactical, strategy game like this.As I played it and encountered many quests, I realized that some of them, not all, are basically the same:*Go kill this, collect this, bring back* after this grind fest there is a few moments of joy when you become a gladiator and fight for your life but even that gets simply taken from you with just a few kills.The problem rises with Lysander, the guy who enprisons you, acuses you of murder and tortures you and than later on_________________SPOILER_____________________________________You find out he is your friend and he never trusted you and he is actually against the Nameless one and Urias.____________________________________________________________The game than ends shortly, I mean seriously! I finished the game in less than 22 hours of playing!Short game, and this is with the DLC (which I never felt as a unique experience).But the game provides some good experiences in controlling the battlefield with your unique spells, skills and etc.Btw Takate is useless as a Spear user, as you soon realize: Zombies, Golems, Humans with armor and mostly everything including those annoying healing crystals which you need to kill are immune to Piercing damage! Switch him to Bash damage.Do I recommend this game!?For 50 bucks, No!Than why am I in the helpful notes? Because when it is on sale for 20 bucks or less, is worth the 22 hrs of fun they provide."
76561198035447081,Not Recommended,249650,9341436,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Jerk Master,"Перевод: В игре очень большая проблема с переводом, отсутствует часть фраз. Некоторые фразы коряво переведеныИстория: В начале более ли менее интересно но где то ко второй главе становиться все очевидно.Задумка: Довольно интересные идеи с колизеем, некоторые карты весьма необычны для пошаговой игры, необычная ролевая системаГеймплей: Очень мало контента, всю игру прошел чуть ли не с самой первой экипировкой. Видов монстров мало. Местами слишком сложная.Вывод: На мой взгляд игра переооценена, я бы ей поставил 7/10"
76561198007070665,Recommended,249650,8084258,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Cormellion,Really enjoy this turn based game. I hope more come out like it.  Perhaps they could add Xcom enemy series animations for more immersion.
76561198065430940,Not Recommended,249650,18040537,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Mieu,"Played this for about ten minuets and thought yuck, it's a shame as i also bought Blackguards 2, that will teach me to watch a gameplay video before i buy a game, what a waste of money."
76561197973871326,Not Recommended,249650,8894030,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,.boogs.,"This game is absolute garbage. all it is, is turn base battles. with some story, thats about it. could have been such an awesome game"
76561198090605743,Not Recommended,249650,9163486,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,mr.seventenski,I hate to vote down this game because there are a lot of things I do like about it.  However I think the games biggest problem is that it just isn't open enough which doesn't feel right for an RPG.  If you run into a rough spot to where you just aren't a high enough level to win without a one in a milion chance of getting lucky every move then you just get stuck since there is no way to go and do a couple of battles to where you can get strong enough to complete the quest.  The only battles I've been able to do so far are all battles within a quest.  I've heard this game opens up a bit later on but I'm not willing to retry a ton of battles over and over again to get to that point when I can find similar games that start out being that open.I hated to vote this game down and I think a lot of people will like this game but it's just not for me.
76561198038820702,Not Recommended,249650,9229385,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Bodhi'sLoveChild,"Great concept for a game. And, basically, a great game! However, when ""challenging"" becomes ""senselessly impossible"" you will begin to question whether you should have post-poned rent after all. Maybe your landlady can be reasoned with... the AI in Blackguards can't be. After 28 hours of re-trying th same fight (gladiator), trust me, your interest in the game will be replaced with the kind of regret that can only be compared to being mugged in a back alley for the $40 you cheerfully gave for the privilege. I have bought and played 'hundreds' of games, but have never been SO frustrated with such an imbalanced game-play. If the difficulty is repaired to ""achievable"" it would be a great game, but currently you'll have more fun nailing your fingers to a wall."
76561198010231943,Not Recommended,249650,11461882,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Salidor,"If you already played Final Fantasy Tactics you will we very disappoined, when you expect a kinda similar game. This game may have many possibilities for idividual skilling and stuff like that, but in the end its all the same. After realizing this the game was dead for me. Totaly not worth the money. Better play FF:Tactics"
76561198019373741,Not Recommended,249650,14993921,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Norstrom,"Near the end of the game - chapter five caves of Mok Pan Tohal - the game became totally unplayable for me thanks to the poisonous mist that gets me every time because the  way gets blocked by an absurd number of enemies that position themselves before the 1 or 2 squares that are available to pass through.  I'm so frustrated and angry that its NO FUN anymore, uninstall and play Bulletstorm to wind down.Good story, up until this point batlles are ok if your party is well rested and if you are prepared to replay some batlles to think out a good tactic. A bit too linear and repetitive. Only buy if like me you're a huge fan of turnbased RPG's and want to complete your collection. My advise buy it cheap if you can."
76561197974871579,Not Recommended,249650,13814682,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Norvil,"How is the sequel coming out less then a year later?  These kickstarters/early access games are such a joke.  With the many flaws this one had, why not just make it an expansion or DLC and compliment the early adapters/supporters?"
,Not Recommended,249650,17478193,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,KYLLE,"I can not recommend this game. Even if it is purchased on offer.I really wanted to like this game, as both the type of game and the developer, usually is something I love.Daedalic Entertainment is usually  quality in my eyes.Pros ..Okay historyOkay voise actingGreat XP systemNice skill treeDifficult game, even at the lowest level, it is a struggle.Cons ...Very linear historyUnimportant person galleryMonotonous in lengthMediocre graphics, but had the rest of the game worked, it had not had any impactToo few weapons and equipmentDifficult game, even at the lowest level, it is a struggle.Very small worldMessy quest log"
76561197982844462,Recommended,249650,8907506,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,brassi77,"Great game.  The Dark Eye is a good rpg system.  The story is pretty much on rails but still not bad at all; the combat and chardev make this game.  The choices I have been presented with do not seem very significant or have had much of an impact on the story (it seems).  Combat is 10/10.  Chardev is 10/10 but would be nice if I could have created my own party. Some really interesting battles.  The dwarf is pretty entertaining.  I would say this game is a must for fans of JA, X-Com, or RoA series."
76561197970573455,Not Recommended,249650,11827578,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Saintanik,"The game is based on a complex rule system, which is not explained very well, if at all.  They try and simplify it where possible to simple percentages, but it is often unclear what exactly causes these percentages to rise or fall, leading to the game feeling much more complicated than it needs to be.Coupled with a difficulty curve that transitions from too easy to too hard with nothing inbetween, makes playing this game a frustrating experience.  There are much better turn based strategy games out there, wouldn't recommend this one."
76561198018815227,Not Recommended,249650,11832619,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Twitter,"Don't buy.  The game keeps things frustratingly difficult by keeping your equipment poor, charging you an arm and a leg to level things up, making all your actions fail at a 50% chance dispite that it says 90%, and after 9 hours of playing I never felt once that I had gotten more powerful.  Never once did I walk away from playing and think ""Wow I can really tell my characters are getting stronger, I've spent my time and money wisely on this game.""  Mostly I curse and say ""F#ck this S#it I'm done"".  And you know what I am.  Uninstalling it as soon as I click Post review."
,Not Recommended,249650,9310542,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sekiyu,"Do you love endless battles on a hex grid? Because that's what this game boils down to. At the core, this game requires you to really have some strategy and luck. The battles are always stacked hard against you, often feature respawning monsters that all need to killed at once, or have you slogging through ranks of enemies that are immune to your particular weapon type. The story is totally forgettable, the ""tricks"" to certain fights are not always clear, the inventory system is bizarre. While the game is slightly better now than in pre-release beta, it's still not what I'd call a ""fun"" or ""gripping"" game. I think TOEE pulled this whole thing off a little better, plus that game is way cheaper. I wouldn't pay more than $7 for Blackguards."
76561197991155039,Not Recommended,249650,22578730,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Walpurgis,"Avoid this game.  I don't understand why game developers think that RNG and setting the odds against you makes a game fun.  If you enjoy loading over and over again until you get a perfect roll and get the scenario down perfect is fun than this is the game for you!The graphics are mediocre, they characters look mediocre and no way to customize, the classes are mediocre and you don't gain enough skill points to keep up with the difficulty curve.The game is linear, offering no real exploration.  Just move from one scenario to another.  One scenario will be easy the next not to bad and than they throw one at you that you have to reload over and over again until you get lucky.  No skill involved, just luck on RNG.  This game gets the terrible reviews it deserves.I am in the second chapter stuck on fighting the ""newcomer"" gladiators.  They split your group into 2 groups.  So if you didn't choose a warrior in the beginning you will be stuck fighting 2 ranged against a tank and range setup, which is painful.  There is making the game difficult and then there is making it silly just to extend the life of the game.  I will try to finish the game and see but my will to continue is slowly dwindling, I am beginning to think that this company doesn't know how to make games.OK Made it past that point, now I am to a part in the gladiator games where they throw 3 waves of enemies at you without any rest.  This really is some of the worst game design I have had the misfortune in playing.  You get no breaks, no way to bind your wounds... nothing.  I made it to the 8th wave and there is an instant win button the enemies can do that you have no way of stopping.  It is completely random.  I am very close to giving up on this game, it isn't difficult, it is, to put it country simple, stupid.  So far this game deserves all the bad reviews it has gotten."
76561198006647139,Recommended,249650,8146483,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,RUSSKAJA! - Oooooh yeahhhh,"Love this game so far! Alot of ""luck"" involved with combat but from what ive read it stays true to something it was based on (not something i know about). The game its self is great though,interesting story,love the look of the game,really enjoying the abilty to customise my characters my way in almost every detail. Very much recommend you play this if the genre is your kind of thing!"
,Recommended,249650,11340501,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,kdodds,"What do you get when you combine a modern adveture dialogue/story with turn-based combat and an incredibly rich RPG character customization system?  Blackguards.  With the world map travelling system and tactical battlefields, Blackguards has a real old school feel to it, in a very good way.  Blackguards is a lot of fun to play and thoroughly enjoyable.  Replayability, since you control 5 simulaneous characters, is a bit iffy since you already have the opportunity to develop all types, really, and the story is pretty much the same though and through.  The only complaints I have is that the story is not as coherent as it should be at times.  Unfortunately, this is most markedly recognizable at the end of the game, when the story pretty much falls completely apart and the ""end game"" you been promised from the beginning (""the Name"") never truly materializes or wraps up.  Worse, your characters, at this point, have nothing further to do but wander the world map and its areas, completely unimpeded.  A deep dungeon or more really would have helped here."
76561197972379729,Recommended,249650,8818597,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Dark Elf,This game is great - specially if you like games like Fire Emblem for the DS ('cept this has INCREDIBLE graphics!)  :)
,Recommended,249650,8011424,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,travislaborde,Wow!  Lots of fun in my first hour or so playing it.  I can see there is going to be some depth here.  NIce!
76561198000651919,Recommended,249650,8813727,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Roush,"Fun game, not worth $40 but I got it on sale for $20, so if you can get it on sale then hells ya!"
76561198042327282,Recommended,249650,8806139,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,zcguder,"While I have only played a few hours I really like this game. The best way I could describe it is if Dragon Age: Origins and XCOM had a baby. The graphics are not stunning, and there are a few glitches, but all in all well worth the money. It is challenging has a great economic system, the equipment seems pretty balanced and more based on your skill and strategy than anything else. I also have to add that I like the characters a great deal, some of the dialogue has even given me a chuckle or two."
,Recommended,249650,8816852,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,shadowfacex,"Great mix of tactical gameplay with RPG elements. Don't get fooled by simplistic approach, your tactical battle skills will be tested here, as even a single mistake can turn your assumed victory into a devastating defeat. It's really enjoyable and gives me that ""oh, man, this was intense"", whenever my party barely makes it through yet another battle, which I thought will be a futile attempt.The UI may be little overwhelming at first, but it packs some clever concepts that you will appreciate in te long run. Developers came with a great idea and the execution is just beautiful. I bought it when it was still an Early Access game, but even back then it was so polished and well balanced, that I doubt EA can ever make BF4 that shiny.If you like turn-based tactical gameplay and fantasy RPG, this is a definite must-have."
,Recommended,249650,8818725,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Soul Reaver,This game has me playing over and over
76561197981665198,Not Recommended,249650,8896815,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sathur,This game is not worth 35 bucks. I'd put it at about 10-15 dollars at most. I've played a ton of games like this one and this one is  near the bottom of the rankings. Better off spending your money elsewhere.
76561198074693549,Recommended,249650,8963467,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,markjmontgomery,"Good game, kept my interest.  Very linear, no real exploration and such.  I like the turn by turn RPG style, I also like the graphics.  Overall I would recommend to the RPG turn based enthusiast... just don't expect the game to be incredible.  Just play worthy."
76561197970361148,Not Recommended,249650,9328655,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ru5ty,Imo wait till its on sale!Its basicly a map with click to fast travel bettween set scenario areas with static towns which are just pictures realy where u mouse over some highlighted people who you might be able to interact with.The only moving parts are the battles which are small scale areas not the best and gets abit bland quickly.Just feels abit dated and simply for the price tag realy!sub £5 would be ok
,Recommended,249650,8810466,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Neep,"Quality SRPG, that is both strategy AND real RPG. Xcom fans will appreciate the turn based style of combat, but be amazed at the depth of character customization and talen trees. RPG fans will appreciate the sensible approach to letting you move about an over world map with freedom, and continue moving in dungeons via a map of rooms.And lastly, strategy fans will love the character devolpment, voice acting, and over-all attention to detail that is lacking in most SRPG games.While there might not be anything stunningly ""new"" or unseen before in Blackguards... there's so much that's done exactly as you'd want it done, that it's easy to overlook what few missteps they made.A solid reccomendation for fans of turn based strategy games, RPGs, and fantasy gamers. A no brainer for pen and paper fans!"
,Recommended,249650,8822062,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,GnomeKingofOz,"To get it out of the way, like all Dark Eye computer games this game is built from the ground up to appeal to the ""rules lawyers"" of the tabletop gaming community. The Dark Eye is like Dungeons and Dragons for people who think that what Dungeons and Dragons really needed was more math and latin.In keeping with the analogy for Dungeons and Dragons, which I use because as a franchise it is one that most people are more familiar with, the Drakensang games were kind of like Neverwinter Nights. This game, by contrast, is more like Temple of Elemental Evil. The game is almost entirely action, incorporating as much of the nuance of the tabletop game as possible, and takes place within a turn based framework, although with the incorporation of an actual hex grid battlemap rather than the approximation thereof. The combat options are numerous and exceptional in variety, with a number of opportunities to interact with the environment lending additional depth to each of the maps. If it has any weakness, it is perhaps that it is too pure; encumberance limits and limits on the skills offered by trainers and the goods offered by merchants seems inconvenient at times. More than once I wished that I had unlocked a skill at character creation that I can no longer find a trainer for once I discovered that one of my abilities lacked the punch that I expected of it.This is not a game for everyone, most people will probably find the experience frustrating. For gamers like me, however, it is exactly the sort of game we've been waiting for."
,Recommended,249650,8828120,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mr. BRP,If you are a Fan of Tabletop Games this Game has everything you want. I play Dungeons&Dragons myself with some friends and this Game really caught me. It's alot of fun when you friend haven't got the time to play a Tabletop. And i'm not even trough the First Chapter...damn.Get it...NOW
,Recommended,249650,8894544,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Qwertymad,So far I am enjoying the battles and love the scenery. It's a bit different from what I expected but it sure is keeping me busy. It's great if you don't mind doing long battles.
,Recommended,249650,8954177,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Aldwyn,"Good:Good combat.Hard game, even on normal.Sets a good mood.Nice particle effects.Many choises for character progression.Weak:Hard to plan out character progression.Story is a bit weakGear progression could be better.Gear comparisons are difficult to understand.Visuals are only acceptable.Resting/sleeping/eating to regain health and mana is a bit awkward.Overall i really like the game, and will most likely play it through to the end."
,Recommended,249650,8960219,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Brother Loden,"A quite fun turn based game, its very challenging and -very- hard even on normal. Though when it become too challenging it does have a easy setting you can put on ingame. incase its too hard for some people, but sweet game, and nice story."
,Recommended,249650,8821656,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,NewReason,only just got this game but so far love it. Different and the same !!!
76561198018159973,Recommended,249650,8831101,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,thejames42,"This game is awesome! The leveling system is a number junkies dream come true, and the battles really reward thoughtful play without making it unbalanced. The sound design feels like a big budget studio with amazing voice acting and an engaging soundtrack. This is the game I hoped xcom would be and any fan of tactical RPGs would be remiss not to pick it up."
,Recommended,249650,8838708,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Crake,Wonderfuly hard. A lot of fun if you liked XCOM of FFT.
,Recommended,249650,8901693,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Cthulhoo,"This game is absolutely gorgeous. It has deep tactical combat, beautiful visuals and sweet gory plot. I'd recommend it to every TBS/RPG fan out there."
76561198001907177,Recommended,249650,8823397,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Allerose,Already played 3 hours from when I booted the game up. Great RPG elements with turn based action. I highly recommend this game to anyone who appreciates depth and a come back to good old dice rolling mechanics.
,Recommended,249650,8896945,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Wrathzog,This game is totally Legit.
76561198055144728,Not Recommended,249650,9187341,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,WuKhi,"It's too slow, even for a strategy game.The character & inventory menus are unintuitive & clunky.Some good ideas here, but it's just not very fun to play."
76561198108418112,Not Recommended,249650,9710260,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,CONstipated CONman,"awful, such a slow game and your really punished if you make a mistake. choices and story is uninventive."
76561198115374089,Recommended,249650,12943874,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SkarabCZ,"Graphics: 7/10Music: 7/10Animations: 6/10Story: 8/10Humour: 8/10Replayability: 9/10Naurim's voice acting: 11/10I'm so glad I bought this game even though it had rather mediocre reviews on Steam (don't know rly why).Blackguards is a turn-based RPG taking place in Aventuria world (Dark Eye franchise) where the main protagonist is accused of murder and must find a way how to redeem himself.I have played 80 hours so far and still have not finished the game (which is huge).. but I must admit I rerolled my main character couple of times just to try out new skills/approaches. :)I love the story. I love the quests. I love the in-game humour - I dare to say the humour is even better than in Borderlands 2. It's not so forced and it's generally cooler. :DYou lead your party of loveable outlaws throughout a dangerous world and you are balancing on a narrow edge of legal and illegal behavior. Don't expect any clichés. These guys are not your normal do-gooders, but you will love them. :DChapter 1 and 2 are very linear but that changes in Chapter 3 which is huge and has lots of side quests. The game can be  (sometimes) pretty difficult even on normal difficulty and you WILL have to use your brain (or Google). :DThe game is not likely worth the full price (39.99 EUR) which is a bit overpriced but I would definitely recommend buying it for 15-20 EUR on sale. You will spend hours and hours playing it.Even though there are only 3 classes in Normal game mode to pick, you can always switch to Expert game mode and create a new game and a hero from scratch.You will be able to create your champion as a mix of warrior/mage/hunter with emphasis on various skills/abilities and talents of your liking.If you like turn-based RPG's or strategies with a good story, I highly recommend you buying this game."
,Not Recommended,249650,23504912,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,truthwarrior,Difficult to rate this game. I really really really wanted to like it. It seems like it has so much potential. But so far I have been unable to complete a play through without boredom or extreme crashes. I still plan to play the second game… I just gave up trying to finish this one before I do.Pros-	Thorough character creation-	Fun/beautiful environment and settings-	Interesting charactersCons-	Complex (and at times confusing) character skill selections-	Continuous failing high percentages ( 98% ) attacks often makes strategies pointless-	Many technical issues (crashes) makes it difficult to complete game
,Recommended,249650,12894570,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bidi,I have really been enjoying Blackguards.  I love turn based combat but most of the other similar games I've found have you manage squads.  Here you manage a band of adventures with your main focus on a single party member.  The combat is challenging and the graphics are beautiful.  Between combat it feels like more like a point and click adventure which is a novel concept I really enjoy.  The story isn't particularly complex but feels well told and engaging.There are a few small bugs in the UI I've come across but nothing that impedes game play.  I'm hard pressed to think of any other game like it and I'm looking forward to future DLC's in the series.
76561197991888468,Not Recommended,249650,14033108,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Glassjaw,This game got my attention with the hex grid and turn based strategy.  Interactive fighting environments brought tons of potential in being a great strategy game.  In the end this game fell short on every level.  It was a real bust.
,Not Recommended,249650,13920783,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ushio,"Overall it seemed like an interesting game.The combat is what I dig for and the huge charactercustomization is just the thing I like.But it pains me how the companion are handled.Basically every other character than your main/self-created-one has predetermined stats, which cannot be reset.So you're more or less stuck with what the game gives you, instead of developing the team that you want to play.You can also lose companions midway through the game, for the sake of the story, which makes it even harder to have complete control over your team.The story seems decent and the combat is okay, but It would have been better just giving us overall predetermined characters, included our starting one, and make it fit the overall game, if the story was that important."
76561198042232956,Not Recommended,249650,13275699,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Rushe,"Almost a fun game, but when you have 95% chance to hit attacks missing half the time, then it gets extremely frustrating. Some battles you just have to reset if because of absurd rng going against you. Way too much rng and luck involved in this game. It's like the game tries to make things difficult by adding frustration and bad luck.Character skill/stat progression seemed like an interesting sandbox you can play with at first, but it just allows you to mess up your stats and totally gimp yourself for fights, making things more difficult. Would be nice if you can just farm AP and get your stats up, but you can't, so you just have to fight with half♥♥♥♥♥stats you end up with if you haven't figured them out and thought it out perfectly."
76561197993025077,Not Recommended,249650,14086164,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,lurian8,"Incerdibly annoying game. Tends to cheat whenever it can. I suppose the game's dice-rolling system might be a bit f.cked up. It's very frustrating that any slomo zombie can outrun almost any of my heroes, and the enemy's self healing is somewhat miraculous as well. Makes no sense to reduce the spellcasting chances of higher level spells either since any casting chance under 90% is hopeless. (Not to mention the hit chance with weapons.) The game is average in itself but way below expectations because of these 'rules'. Would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,249650,13932406,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,(KFM) LoLPeRLoL,The difficulty curve is almost as bad as last remnant
,Not Recommended,249650,14058923,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,SquirrelsOfWar,"With the popularity of Dark Souls at the moment, difficulty seems to be the buzzword of the industry. This can be a great boon and imbues games with a sense of accomplishment and worth when done correctly. Blackguards seems difficult for all the wrong reasons, from an obtuse user interface to mindbogglingly poorly designed stats pages.While I appreciate that any game coming from an existing Pen and Paper world will always have a higher step up for the user than most, Shadowrun earlier last year seemed to create a system both faithful and functional while Blackguards seemed bogged down in it's own mechanics.The story is about par for course and the voice acting is quite refreshing, but it just seems like the clunky mechanics just get in the way of that experience and the difficulty wildly differs so much you bound between feeling elated and cheated every few minutes.While people howl off the rooftops at the percieved ""dumbing down"" of videogames, sometimes it has a point. Parts of the design feel snobbish, as if it wants to pat it's faithful on the back and tell them how smart and clever they are while with the other hand swatting away the ""casual, filthy masses"". Blackguards needs to get down of it's high horse and reduce the barriers to entry that stop it from being the good game I know underneath is has the potential to be."
,Not Recommended,249650,14094716,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Shroomhead,"There are bunch of reasons I won't going to recommend this game, it's playble and good at some sides, but:Some time ago when it came out it was unfairly overpriced and bugged. Time is passed bugs may be fixed but price are still unfair, but you can avoid it during sales and discounts.Also it's almost linear and you don't have any real or illusory freedom, optional side quests are mostly required to be completed, otherwise you are going to suck hard without your extra XP and loot, are they really optional?RPG system and combat touching for a first time, but in the middle of the game you are getting extremely bored of nothing new and doing the same things till the end of the game, watching the storyline which can give some fresh feelings. Personalities of your teammates can give a fresh air too, but it's not enought to be impressed for such a price.There are not so many useful charcter builds that can help you to variate your game, time would pass and you would realise a few efficient builds to play through game and after that you won't want to replay it at all."
76561198286457212,Recommended,249650,22319609,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Fallen One,Some levels are really surprisingly amazing.If you like turn-based RPG and puzzle-solving.You should at least give it a try.
76561198089665197,Recommended,249650,13053398,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,[BoSZ] Cernunnos,"Blackguards is a game for all who are at home in the dark eye realm (pen and paper version 4). I personally played the pen and paper role game a lot and think Blackguards is very close to it, well sadly limited just to fighting. But the story is typical for DSA (German term for dark eye rolegame) and there is no unreasonable fighting. Everything is explained, if you (can) read the dialogues.Resume: Good game for fans."
76561198030679370,Recommended,249650,24405931,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,siliente,"Here is the deal with Blackguards.  If you liked the drakensang games, or the Blade of destiny remake, you will like this game.  I happen to like TDE games, and so i recommend to you if you are into that.  It doesnt have the free roaming of eather, but it has a less painful version of the Blade of destiny(remakes) combat. An interesting easter egg in the english naration are black library narrators (wh40k audiobooks) like toby longworth, and someone else that i dont recognize by name but by voice."
76561197986964932,Recommended,249650,11166663,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Bad Alchemy,"Bloody brilliant. There are some seriously bizzare negative comments on this game but let me clarify some points.1. Does it have a plot? Yes. Is it linear? Yes. Does it matter? Not really.2. Is the interface aweful? No not in the slightest, you can choose between a right click menu or a standard button bar.3. Is it full of bugs? No, the bugs like the character inventory head and feet images in the wrong place has been fixed.4. Is the character creation and character sheet bad? No, actually its very good. You spend 10-15 mins reading everything and realise there is so much death there are lots of replay options to have a different game. Its essentially D&D stats. Played Baldurs Gate, Diablo or any other game like that and its simple, intuitive and in this case, very good.5. Its all combat, is this bad? Not really, I enjoy limited dialogue and lots of fighting. Baldurs Gate 1&2 are mostly this and they are cult classics. How good was The Banner Saga, I mean we all loved the talking but the hexed passed fighting where was it all was. This is that game on steriods.6. Is the fact the game based on a roleplay system a problem? No its actually its strength as it has lots of depth. You can turn the battle log to simple mode if you like or you can have the log go mad with the dice rolling detail. (I turn it off).Its a damn fine enjoyable game, the fact the scenery is a part of the game (Giant birds dropping rocks, crates being knocked over, tenticles from a monster breaking walkways, oil being set on fire, slippery mud, quicksand and bogs) makes this an awesome and unique experience."
76561198013914593,Not Recommended,249650,21439646,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Darknoble,Dont waste your money...better off with Pillars of Eternity or Divine Divinity.Very very linear...and combat mechanics so simple is laughable...
,Recommended,249650,8827483,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Malice_Unarmed,"kool game, buy it ♥♥♥♥♥es."
76561198023093580,Recommended,249650,9034919,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Unsavory Death,"I've had a hankering to play table top RPGs for years now but upon getting older and moving to a new state it is difficult to find people to play with. So when games come out that give me the feel of playing a table top RPG like Blackguards has, it is a wonderful time indeed. Two giant thumbs up to the creators and anyone who is a fan of table top gaming or SRPGs should give this one a try."
76561198051641290,Recommended,249650,8940796,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,SAdStorY,not bad but complicated
76561198053776860,Recommended,249650,9060644,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,a_c_ulusoy,nice game
76561198009544618,Recommended,249650,8899840,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Hiruuamon,"There are some interesting concepts in the game, the gameplay mechanics are limited.  The combat is frustrating and somewhat riddiculous, such as terrible die-roll mechanics...missing attacks 3 to 4 times in a row, with a 93%{LINK REMOVED}change-to-hit...HUH?!?!?Yeah...pass on this, or wait until it drops to about $10-15 before trying it out...heck...I wish I could trade my license for it to someone who REALLY wants to play and get frustrated by the game."
76561198085574601,Recommended,249650,23609240,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,,"The game was quite interesting, a little fun. Though I found it quite short. For this reason, I suggest do not purchase it unless at a very good discount. These are the sort of games that you play once, and the story is done. Not much replay value, aside from nostalgia down the road. Honestly, who cares about acheivements anyway?I went ahead and did the side missions, which still did not leave that much to do when all was said and done."
76561198031624161,Recommended,249650,9038037,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,(YONED!)NZgrumpyCatJared,"Overall i really enjoyed this game. If your a fan of turn based rpg where you can lvl your character up and follow a storyline , this will work well for you.storyline was good , couple of nice twists and turns. I did find the skills a bit hard to get my head around. but got the hang of it in about the 3rd battle.couple of minor crashes when entering new screens. but the autosave backs up every stage so was'nt too bad"
76561198125477225,Recommended,249650,11331907,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,azazel61,Best game I've played on Steam so far
76561198019788935,Recommended,249650,9050277,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,chrishax,"Like Might and Magic X Legacy, this title is going to polarise opinion madly. Both are old-school turn based rpgs with more of a focus on tactics than on roleplay, and the ambition of this title is to feel like a real-life in-person, yes-there-really-is-a-live-DM kind of excperience, at which this game is mostly successful.The writing is adult, the tactics are tough, and the game has the sort of arbitrary cruelty and imperfection you get from a DMs interpretation of the rules. This is not a fps or action game, in any way, its a game for reflection. And yes its a pity there are a few genuine bugs.This game will appeal to fans of HoMM, Disciples, XCom turnbased, Badurs Gate turn based, and as I say to players of IRL RPGs. I would say right now that I prefer MMX - Legacy to this, and its kinda stoopid that both games came on within a few weeks, given that its 5 years since the last half-decent rpg.But if you're the kind of person above, then this is a truly excellent title, and you should buy both !!! Don't be put off by some of the reviews that score it for what it isnt...."
,Recommended,249650,8656985,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,wootz978,This is a great game. One of the best that I've played since Final fantasy tatics. I love the voice acting. 10/10. Hope they make the game longer.
,Recommended,249650,8953470,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Harrison11106,"From the trailers one is given the impression that you're playing the roles of the ""bad guys"" for once but have to ""save the world"";  a more apt analogy would be to say that the characters would probably fit well into the world of the former T.V shows Breaking Bad & Sci fis Battlestrar Galactica.  Does each character have skeletons, of course but I've yet to see one that actually warrents a ""Blackguard"" title; in fairness here the Blackguard definition, a-la from Dungeons & Dragons, is in a different context then from this title.As has been stated in other reviews & fromDaedelic Entertainment, the game is based off a tabletop role-playing game from Germany. This is my first foray into this system in any case.  The story is OK, but not much more then that.  You don't gain levels per se, but you gain adventure points (AP) when either defeating foes or completing a quest.  You use these points to raise just about everything pertaining to your character, be it statistics, your skills, your resitances, & for magic users how effective spells are & the astral points needed to cast them.  The higher the ""level"" of the STATS, skills etc, the more AP they cost.  Unfortunately, I've not come into any battle where my group has had a ""windfall"" of AP, so far  I've either gotten 30, 60 or around 120 AP depending on the battle (whether mundane foes or major ones).   I've gotten a bit more AP when completing quests though. In fairness here I'm playing it on the easiest difficulty, maybe battles give you more AP on the harder ones, though I doubt it.The hightlights of the game are the battle system, I've yet to encounter any ""cut & paste"" battle area.  The upgrade system for your characters is fairly subtle, but noticable for the most part.  In short, you don't feel like you're spending AP to upgrade your character & they don't feel like they're more powerful.   The spells are diverse & effective. Mapwise there is a fairly large area to cover in both the in battle maps & world map.The weaknesses of the game, thus far are:No areas to really grind for AP,with possible exception of arena, but even there I believe you can only have a certain amount of battles in the arena.  You can't actually make things, not armor or weapons, at least not at the point in the game that I'm at.  There's no height or lowlands difference in battles; in short I've not had so much as 1 battle where either I or the enemy started at the top of a hill.  I've also yet to have been involved in a battle where I've gotten a huge amount of AP. I'm roughly at the halfway mark, going by what the creators wrote on the main page, but I've yet to see so much as one magical item, whether defensive or offensive item.  I don't know the tabletop RPG this is based off of so perhaps the world lacks magical items or if they're simply more subtle in nature when compared to games like Final Fantasy Tactics.   The spellcasters also need work, I find them more useful as party ""buffers"", and from what I've read on the forums I'm in the nearly overwhelming majority.This game needs some minor tweaks to really grab you & keep you in it's grip; but so far any issues I have with it, in the scheme of things, are relatively minor & not game breaking."
76561198018106356,Recommended,249650,8237437,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,greenbean,"This is my first early access game.  I had reservations, but so far I put in a few hours into it. It's fun, there are some mechanics that are not as intuitive, and I'm early on in the game.  For instance buying weapons.  Would be nice when buying a new sword, that it would list all the characters that can use that sword and their +- stats if they were to buy that sword. Hoping for more weapon variety in upcoming patches.  The game is sufficiently challenging.  Gold is hard to come by so items you purchase can be frustrating at times. If you spent all your money on an axe, you just happen to find during the next battle for instance.  But that's the nature of the beast I guess.  The battles are a bit more like HOMM vs xcom.   Overall, I would recommend this game! Good turn based strategy games are hard to come by so lets support them!  btw Bellarita mission =  Worse most frustrating mission ever."
76561198061936119,Recommended,249650,11313487,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,miggi85,"Blackguards is an interesting turn based game. It is ultimately focused more on preparation than on actual strategy in combat. Generally speaking basic resource management and a bit of luck when it comes to the (sometimes infuriating) RNG will win fights.I found the poison & trapping elements of Blackguards to be more to it's detriment than benefit, with poisons and traps being prohibitively expensive both in terms of currency and the use of a turn to apply them and a belt slot to carry them. Most enemies are immune or highly resilient to poison and trap effects, and there are many enemies which will poison you with debuffs for the whole battle if they land a hit. The only spell which works to remove poison is ineffective against the stonger poisons, which by endgame most enemies use. Overall a couple of unlucky dodge/parry rolls and a couple of unlucky attack rolls will result in your whole party being poisoned and the battle becoming much more difficult.Blackguards has a very deep character development system, with many core stats which affect different battle stats. The game could have benefited from fewer weapon skills and perhaps a poison resistance skill, however overall I found the stat system worthwhile.The final act is very padded - there is substatially more combat than previous acts and it can get a little dry. Overall I enjoyed my time with Blackguards but was happy to be finished - usually a sign that something that was fun in the beginning got a bit tedious.I would say if you like turn based RPGs, give Blackguards a go."
76561197995288812,Recommended,249650,11334587,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Meekus,"Cool game, ncie and fun way to jump into RPGs"
76561198055462590,Recommended,249650,8884779,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,crymrea,"I am thoroughly enjoying this game. Cool story, strategic gameplay, and nice depth of experience. I think it is possibly a niche game, so try the very generous Demo (~1/5th of the game or Chapter 1 of 5) and see for yourself."
,Recommended,249650,13212559,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,6 Million Dollar man,"A good hexagon based rpg, decent visually, with a fun storyline, my only primary complaint about this game is the rng and percentage based moves appear to be broken- I'd never try to keep count of the amount of times an 80 or 90% chance of spell success would result in casting failure. That frustration aside, it's still a pretty tactical and interesting experience among rpgs."
,Recommended,249650,9832158,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Chris Randle,"Turn-based RPG's are usually sterile affairs that lack the grit provided by many of the modern day role-playing games. However, if anyone can deliver on the dark side of fantasy in that particular genré, then it's Daedelic.Engrossing and challenging - this game is different to the other strategy offerings like XCOM: Enemy Unknown and such. It's more refined and delivers hours of entertainment. Easy learning curve but a very deep game with many nuances and less than obvious solutions to problems."
,Recommended,249650,7623690,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,cel,"I was looking for this kind of game for a while. Really nice turn-based rpg with depth and class. Not a console port, crippled rpg game like Dragon Age 2. Even though it is based on TDE as well, its not like ""Shadows over Riva"", but its definitly a great game!"
76561197993537405,Recommended,249650,8957824,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,jpolack,AWESOME! So easy to learn but very hard to master! And if your a RPG tabletop fan and have played that version this game captures the same feel...GREAT GAME!!!
76561198081858314,Recommended,249650,8965709,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,fernandofitch,"I'm only about 4-5 hours into it but this is great! The combat system reminds me of king's bounty, or maybe Heroes of Might and Magic where your characters are on a hex grid and you move then attack/ability. It has the feel of a proper RPG though, with various attributes/skills/powers that have points put into them that are subsequently used in the fights. The out of combat system isn't as interactive as, say, fallout 3 or skyrim or something. It's almost exclusively chatboxes accompanying a thumbnail picture of the speaker while there is a static background image, like many JRPGs (especially back in the day), and there is a map with nodes on it to which you may travel but you don't run around freely looking for stuff. Personally I don't consider that a drawback per se but others might. I can't say for sure how much your choices effect the story because I'm too early in the game, but the element of your choices mattering seems to be there, for example *spoiler* there are twin brothers that want to kill each other and you can choose if or which one you help them kill and you fight different battles and get different rewards depending on which one you choose. It's a sidequest though so I'm not certain it's a big deal.Anyway great game! Definitely worth the buy!"
76561198024080920,Recommended,249650,8970345,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Inzu,"Great game, lots of fun.  Well worth the money if you are into tactical, turn-based combat.The characters and voice acting are top notch.  The dialogue witty.Character advancement is done by earning adventure points that you apply to the skills and stats you wish to improve. There's no set levels. The more skilled or powerful you are at something, the more adventure points it costs to improve that skill or stat further.  It makes it impossible to make a character that is unbeatable at everything, so you really need to put some thought into party roles and utilizing each character's strengths and weaknesses.Most of the battlefields have static and dynamic features that can add an advantage to your party or spell their doom. This keeps combat interesting.One thing I found fun, but some might find frustrating is that you don't get to choose where your characters start on the battlefield.  For the most part, your characters are started in such a logical position that you don't even question it, but every now and then a battle is added with your characters scattered all over the place. Sometimes it makes sense within the story line, sometimes not.The enemy AI does fairly well as an opponent. While it doesn't always use the battlefield features to full advantage, it does it often enough to keep you on your toes.Overall, two thumbs up !One thing to note - if you are the kind of player that has to have tons of sparkly, magical loot, this game is not for you.If you are the kind of player that needs to have five sets of armor, fifteen weapons, and a house with fifty chests to store all those weapons and armor in, this game is not for you.  Gear upgrades are mundane and modest, and you'll have the same armor and weapons with you for large portions of the game.  Encumbrance penalties dissuade you from carrying much more than the armor on your back and the weapons on your person.The game is more about tactics and skills than it is about loot."
,Recommended,249650,8980776,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,"""the"" Chase","play it for the combat. Everything else is pretty average, mages at a huge disadvantage lol."
76561197991804024,Recommended,249650,9090199,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Salesninja,"If you can take the time to get into, its a pretty cool game.  Only thing that holds it back is the character development, i never feel 100% certian I understand what is affecting my characters.  Interface could be a little clearer."
76561198043174343,Recommended,249650,9405407,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Matty E,"Decent RPG, a bit long winded with the storyline but very challenging in parts too. 6/10"
,Recommended,249650,10991738,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Gwenyvier,"Blackguards is a very interesting TBS game. You take on the role of a criminal that has been accused of murder and your ultimate goal is to escape the people that are after you and find out exactly what happened to you... and probably save the world.You can pick from a roughly customizable melee fighter, an archer, or a mage to start out with and you will acquire a melee fighter and a mage in your party after the first couple of fights. You do not get your 4th party member, an archer,  until about half way through chapter one.The fighting is actually strategic with being able to move and take an action, move further but not be able to take an action that turn, or wait and the rest of that characters turn will move to the end of the queue for that turn. There are a lot of things that can be interacted with in the battles for various effects, such as lighting things on fire to cause damage to anything moving through them, activating traps, or removing items that are giving enemies buffs.There is the occasional difficulty spike, but if you think strategically you can work around them. Your choices also have at least short term consequences, and possibly long term ones. Enemy AI can be used against them, which is a bit sad to watch occasionally. It is a bit disappointing watching as the enemy stands in the same spot turn after turn and takes trap damage because one of your characters is standing one spot over and within melee range.Character interactions are amazingly fun. The stock melee character you get at the start of the game is very gruff, and will shout out lines if you heal him with magic, just as an example. The dialog outside of battle is just as fun, with one of the characters being obviously very self-serving and causing a bit of trouble because of it.Skill trees seem to be fairly balanced, but within the first couple chapters of the game having an archer or 2 is a godsend. My archers have probably taken out more enemies than my melee fighter, so I make sure I am very well stocked on arrows. Mages start out very weak, and don't pick up until they get some levels on their skills to improve their accuracy.Now the bad, some of the encounters are annoying or just outright boring. I hate seeing crypt lice because they're boring to kill. Another couple instances had me defending an endless stream of helpless NPCs until they got through a gate, and the enemies respawn until a certain number of NPCs get out of the gate. Boring, tedious, and not very fun... especially when the respawning enemies have a throw attack that is capable of instantly killing the NPCs on an unlucky roll. Money is not exactly easy to come by early on and items are EXPENSIVE. So you will be getting a lot of your gear through drops for a fair bit... and enemies drop weapons far more often than armor.Good game, definitely worth checking out, especially if you are a fan of the TBS games."
,Recommended,249650,8460986,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,?!,Must have!Even in early access it's played like someone buged AAA Projects after their release!
76561197998588617,Recommended,249650,8937009,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,AoD,"There just aren't any good games out there.  Beginning to think all the good game companies are dead, or steam just sucks.  WAYYYY to unnecessarily difficult, absolutely NO loot, no money, no ability to upgrade.  Just a poorly planned, and executed piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.  ANOTHER one."
76561198076218019,Recommended,249650,8977319,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,grphcmt2,"Well done strategy mechanics, and i like the fact that you play as miscreants."
76561198022601020,Recommended,249650,9050762,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,paradigm5o,"Enjoyed it, theres a decent amount of customization in the skill trees but sadly theres no real way to level your characters other than doing the quests and main story line.  No random generated battles.  Despite this being said its still a great game imo"
76561197974250986,Recommended,249650,9050781,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,edub101,"Blackguards is a full game for a fair price, which is a rarity these days.  No silly DLC or micro-transactions.  Just a solid, fun, tactical game for one price.  The game, based on a German pen-and-paper RPG system has a deep stat system, and great tactical battles.  It lacks real exploration, and the plot is on-rails, but servicable.  If you enjoy games like Fallout Tactics, or enjoyed other Dark Eye games (e.g. Drakensang), then you will enjoy this one."
76561198011619955,Recommended,249650,9057545,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Faxx2,"I personally fell in love with this title, the writing is some of the best I've seen/heard in a while. The combat is nice once you get used to it. and the leveling systems is really well layed out.I would personally recomend playing the demo first, to see if you like the game (playing the demo made me want to buy the game for the full price), as some of the asthetics are a bit od to get used to.As for the price, personally i payed the full price for it, i don't regret it as the game has a lot of replay value as the skill set and leveling is extensive and i cant help myself wanting to see how the game would play if i played as a mage (even though i have not finished the game)."
76561197960464063,Recommended,249650,9078350,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Wiseblood,"Good story, fun gameplay and awesome soundtrack, should have gotten the deluxe edition"
,Recommended,249650,9099893,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Miami Bob,This is a really surprisingly good game. I've been piddling around with it off and on for awhile now when I have time in between classes and the strategy elements are really above par and the character development is pretty decent as well. If you like strategy RPGs you really wouldn't be going wrong to check this out.
,Recommended,249650,9791659,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Vashton,"If you like Dungeon and Dragons in any sorta fashion I feel you will love this game. It is turn based kinda like it was in Balder's Gate, however it seems so refreshing from what I've recently played RPG wise. I can only hope as the hours continue to stack up on this game, the Story and gameplay only grow better through progression!"
76561197960468170,Recommended,249650,9903426,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,manta7,"Loved it from start to finish, good story and good voice acting, better than most games.  If you liked xcom or classic turn based strategy you'll probably like this.  Good difficulty curve and lots of learning about the play style and character building. Some unique levels that require real thought and some choices to make that slighty effect certain outcomes 8.5/10"
,Recommended,249650,9350656,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Strem,Love this game
76561197997183661,Recommended,249650,9356299,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,obaboss,"Engaging and complex turn based strategy, which surely has its flaws. This includes the graphics and story telling. What sets this game apart from others of its kind, are the varying battle fields. They often feature special rules forcing you to rethink your standard tactics. I also like the down-to-earth setting. While the ""heroes"" get stronger with time, you never feel ""super""."
76561197960893997,Recommended,249650,7609141,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Rasputin,love it ;)
76561197968932940,Recommended,249650,8946494,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Indo Jimbo,Great turn based tactical RPG.
76561197992133858,Recommended,249650,9058651,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,m40in,Simply lovin' it!
76561198008018024,Recommended,249650,8894303,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Don McClure,"Having worked on turn-based RPGs in the past professionally and as a fan of them, I am open to enjoying an imperfect game. Blackgaurds has decent graphics and gameplay and I enjoy the battles that require real thinking to resolve. I can also appreciate the aspect of the game where you need to be very careful how you expend your experience because there is a fairly linear event horizon and if you have mispent too many points you may not be able to win the next fight.What I very much do not appreciate about the game are the various idiotic things you need to do to stay alive where you aren't really roleplaying, you are trying to beat the ganme:1. You dont seem to be able to buy a potion of healing and just drink it. You need to enter a fight then waste your time drinking it.2. I have mana regenration and healing (basically over time unlimited healing) I can sit in a fairly safe town but need to entera fight to regenerate mana. I would be fine with this in an arena with 10 seconds between fights but in the narrative I have hours to lounge around the town. However, I cant heal myself even though I have the ability.3. When you have a character with a healing spell and mana regeneration, you have to sit around with one monster left hitting one character (or behind a force wall) as your mana regenerates and you heal. You spend 40 turns getting your mana and health up to full.All in all an okay game. I cant really get into it thought because I spend too long having to game the system."
76561197993500303,Recommended,249650,8972430,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Gorebane,"Great turn based RPG. Combat system is good, and gearing and skilling up your characters is rewarding.At first I was disappointed about the absence of random encounters, worried that the game would be on rails, but once you get into the game there are enough side quests to keep you occupied."
76561198056092530,Recommended,249650,8990006,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,VulgarUnicorn,easy to learn combat system and the dialog is wonderful expescialyy the dwarf
76561198006592387,Recommended,249650,8990879,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Hyllus,Very nice game
76561197992135430,Recommended,249650,9051851,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,SouthLane,"This is a great game, no doubt about that.Every battle location is custom drawn.Good story with lovable characters.Nice graphics, sound and music.Addictive and absorbing game play.I have 81 hours out of the game so far, and mean to get many more.Everything is good with this game but it does come with a WARNING.You need to but some time into the game to get use to the mechanics and play style.Unlike other games the level difficulty does not reflect the actual difficulty.ATTENTION:  In Blackguards EASY = NORMAL / NORMAL = HARD / HARD = INSANE.I suggest you start on easy, otherwise, unless you are a RPG veteran, you will surly die a most gruesome death."
,Recommended,249650,9159334,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Outzide,I really like this game it has good indepth charackter creation and good strategic elements. Played like 10h now and I'm starting to get a feel for the gamemecanics.
76561198032403339,Recommended,249650,9868604,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dimitri,Fascinating and engaging!
76561197970074892,Recommended,249650,8969982,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,DaiAku,Loved turned-based strategy RPGs and I can recommend this game so far.  Has a few minor graphic error here and there but for the most part is fun and enjoyable.
76561197998881490,Recommended,249650,9050086,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,nerd.o.love,"After playing this game for like a bajillion hours now I can say its really solid  and fun. Definitely create a custom character, you can customize the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them."
76561197972076777,Recommended,249650,9373124,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Jellycrusher,"Pros: Very good and moderately complex skill system, nice graphics, turn-based combat. Rather rich equipment.Cons: No free exploration, game divided into separate spots with battles or other encounters, battles with fixed loot,  exprerience and difficulty level (and there is no place to grind and level-up your characters). Single-screen cities, magic fails profoundly and its influence on combat is mediocre.Conclusion: It's not a real RPG, it's tactical TBS with some RPG elements. Not worth the full price, but at 50% or more discount - why not."
76561197970728979,Recommended,249650,9902065,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,spitfire_ch,"Extremely addictive and fun to play. In addition to that, the combination of western RPG and turn-based battles (featuring a party of heroes as opposed to one hero and an army) is quite unique. I wish there were more games like that!It does have a few bugs, but they are minor and no showstoppers at all."
76561198007075700,Recommended,249650,10158233,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Nice RPG :)
,Recommended,249650,10771778,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bloodcrow,"I've found Blackguards to be a very challenging and rewarding turn based strategy game. It can be frustrating in that you aren't going to make enough money to equip your party as well as you'd like and some maps force you into uncomfortable decisions as you have a fixed number of turns to achieve an objective. Blackguards, in my opinion, is worthy of a sequel or, at a bare minimum, expansion packs."
76561198013686480,Recommended,249650,8237225,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,pswendel,"Even for a early access, this game is refreshing for the genre"
76561198037284047,Recommended,249650,9019839,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,MotokoV2,Definetly worth a shot if your a fan of tactics rpg's or tabletop games4/5 star
,Not Recommended,249650,17839958,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mawndough,"I bought this on sale for like $3. I regret buying it.Pros:Hex-based tactical combatLots of character customizationPoints system for leveling skillsEnvironmental effects such as setting bushes on fire, slipping in puddles, or knocking stalagtites off the ceiling of a caveCons:You will likely hit your opponents maybe 10% of the time. You have a hit percentage ranging from 0 to 100. This is based on your skill with the weapon, your attack stat, and the level of the creature you're attacking. This does not take into account their ability to dodge or parry. A character (opponent or ally) can parry the first physical attack against them each turn. They can dodge any number of attacks per turn. So, if you have a 90% chance to hit, it is then further reduced behind the scenes by their dodge rating, and again by parry if they have not yet been hit. If you have anything less than say, 80% chance to hit, it may take you dozens of turns to end a battle that could have ended in like 6.Enemies at the beginning of the game hit every hard, and rarely miss. You can increase your dodge and parry ratings through skills, but at character select you can't exactly make it huge. This would be fine, if it weren't for the fact that enemies can quite often hit for 10-15 damage, while your character only has about 30 health. Early game you only have 3 party members, and very often face off against 5+ enemies. It's easy to get swarmed, so using choke points is a must-- at least it would be if the majority of the levels they put you in weren't open rooms.Cover doesn't seem to do anything. One of the earliest tips you get is that you are harder to hit in partial cover, and even harder to hit in full cover, like behind a tree. Archers have no trouble hitting you from the full length of the map behind full cover for 5-8 damage a turn, and it will take at least 2 or 3 turns to be able to reach them.Some quests/scenarios are outright impossible if you try them too early, and the game has no qualms about sending you to your death. A good example of an early scenario in this game is facing a Wood Troll (like a treant). It has a ton of health and does a lot of damage (like 15-20 per hit), but it's slow and in a gaseous swamp. You can stand in front of a gas pocket and  use a fire spell or torch on the gas to explode it a few times to win the fight. You could do this at level 1 if you wanted, but an uninformed player would try to rush it and die quickly.A bad example is later on. You fight some dwarves in an arena. They have a lot of health, do a lot of damage, and can move as far as you. You're *supposed* to use the same method as the Wood Troll. Stand in front of the mace trap before it activates, lure the enemy into it, and do most of the damage through the trap. My issue is I was underleveled, and there was no way for me to know this until it was too late. The enemy dodged 100% of my attacks, knocked down a character per turn, and the melee dwarf hit for 15+ damage per turn plus 5 poison per turn while 2 of my characters had ~30 hp, and one with 46. The melee dward also parried the trap that was supposed to deal the damage to him each turn, so he was functionally invincible. I tried at least a dozen times, looked online, and saw the only real way to win the fight is to ignore the mission until you had another party member and were a little more leveled. Looking at my saves, I had one auto save right before the fight, a quick save right before the fight, and a manual save about an hour and a half prior (Which isn't the game's fault, but frustrating nonetheless).You can't level skills without finding a trainer, even if you meet the pre-requisites to unlock it, or had the option to learn it during character creation. If I don't spend at least one point into the mend wounds ability at character creation, I cannot learn it until much later when I find the right trainer. I would understand for some skills, but for the basic levels of some passive abilities or skills it doesn't make much sense.Overall, the game is difficult for the sake of being difficult, but not in a way that self improvement can make it any easier. Unlike an action game like Dark Souls, dying isn't always the result of you ♥♥♥♥ing up. A lot of the time, it's because a creature rolled the highest it possibly could 3 turns in a row, or all 3 of your characters missed every single roll 3 turns in a row. If you're okay with restarting a mission over and over just to beat it, or to avoid getting knocked down and started on fire before your first turn, go for it. If you're as easily frustrated as me at a game where RNG is the core mechanic of the game, avoid it, even for $3.00"
76561197971019221,Not Recommended,249650,17897197,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Dugz,"Some maps are just brutally hard and have to be repeated many times until random dice rolls work out in your favor. An otherwise OK game is really ruined by this lack of balancing and tuning. The engine is pretty cool, but the game content feels rushed and slapped together. Maybe Blackguards 2 is better. This is worth a couple bucks, not much more IMO."
76561198026667042,Not Recommended,249650,18319757,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Wendersnaven,"I really like this game and the German pen and paper system it's based on. The plot is very good compared to today's standards. The voice acting is superb, except for a few characters- executioner.... It's a pleasure to look at, and for the most part the game runs smoothly. That said, it can be worth it if it's on a 75%+ sale.I'm still giving it a negative rating because of how many times the damn game crashes or freezes on a loading screen. The latest save-game file constantly corrupts making you backtrack. The tooltip isn't kidding- save often!!! Waaay too much fubar and frustration, when most of my games work fine.<Edit: I am struggling to just play without crashes, and it completely took out my new rig last night. Unexpected shutdown was attributed to the apps path of this game, as well as the temporary files in memory. I don't know why I'm even strugglebusing myself through the rest of the game when it freezes on every other loading screen...>"
,Not Recommended,249650,18433833,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,progflea,"Gameplay is fun - tactics are good, character building is flexible and enjoyable. The amount of RNG in battles does get frustrating and the skills aren't well balanced. Story and characters leaves a lot to be desired."
76561197981176523,Not Recommended,249650,17783291,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Isalon,"Blackguards was released over a year and a half ago and it STILL hasn't worked out all the bugs (First series of lizard fights, I could take out the first crystal with melee or ranged, but the second crystal doesn't allow a ranged OR magic attack, only melee. Either way you look at it, there's a bug in there), a sequel has been released before the first one was balanced correctly (apparently a foot of water has a 75% chance of knocking over someone walking through it - total bullsh!t), and the devs didn't fix NUMEROUS complaints that I've read about on forums (You have a fixed AP pool as you play the game, if you pick the wrong skills to level then you literally and I do mean literally F yourself right into a corner and are completely unable to recover unless you want to start over. Random battles on already-completed maps would be an easy fix for this but apparently the coding team is too lazy to put in the work to make it happen)......I'm glad I got this game for 4 bucks and waited for the sale. I won't make that same mistake on the sequel. Uninstalled. I had high hopes for this game but when the devs don't fix problems and the game clearly has balancing issues, there's no way I'm going to waste more time and effort trying to play it or bothering with a sequel."
,Not Recommended,249650,18060786,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,ojarnstr,"This is a game that was recommended by my games magazine. Still after reading the reviews here on steam I was not convinced so it ended up on my wish list,  I gave it at a try when it was for sale at 75%.This is a game of tactical rpg combat but for me it gets old very fast, I want more from my rpg:s than only combat. Also since this is combat only they should at least have let you build all characters but no you can only build one, you are stuck with the rest of the team.The layout is also in my opinion clunky and you can't rotate the map to get a better view, sometimes characters can be hard to see hidden behind objects on the map.I cannot recommend this game but if you are really in to the tactical combat part of roleplaying games and want a challenge give it a try."
76561198161696496,Not Recommended,249650,18088297,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Gulans.P,"Boring.Game consist only of chain of fights with running over ridiculous hexes.  Yes exactly that - one boring fight over small map with hexes is chained to another equally boring fight by small borring dialogue.That could be forgivable with group DnD novices with paper and pen, but not for game.Besides invetory information is either buggy or terrible - all armors shows armor rating 0 (0) - that is no any protection by any armor."
,Recommended,249650,18405572,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Fr[A]nky Di[A]mond,Nice RPG. Great D&D GAme. Amazing Lore. Somethime the dice is really annoying !8/10Give it a try !
,Not Recommended,249650,18853972,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rartemass,"While I only played this for 30 minutes I was bored out of my mind the entire time. Story is all over the place. Starts with a common trope of put in prison for something didn't commit and has no memory. Another prisioner ""rescues"" you for no apparant reason, and you resuce another prisoner on your way out. So of course you become close friends and adventure together.Combat was bland. I chose a ranger as my class and after the first battle which saw me kill a single creature in two attacks, I spend the next three combats using a torch as a melee weapon against armed and armoured guards. I won of course.Maybe it gets better over time, but I'm not wasting mine after the introduction."
76561198161624039,Recommended,249650,19818848,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,AcesUp,Wait for when its on sale and get it.
,Recommended,249650,11467650,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Topagae,"This game is interesting, but slow. It's unfair in the sense that it's not usually very clear why you're failing, or what things should do. It's held back a lot from the game system it seems to have been inherited from. I'm one of the most die hard turn based strat fans and I just couldn't stick with it. I came back a couple times though, so its got some oddly compelling stuff about it if you can get over it. 6/10"
,Recommended,249650,8870671,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Snax,"The game itself is fun and worth a full playthrough, but that's about it. The loot is pretty uninteresting, and I wish there was more things that mattered.EDIT:Finished one playthrough. The game story itself isn't that interesting honestly, it feels rather cut in pieces. Also, the whole 'choices' thing seems to be a trend lately mostly along with the popularity of visual novels that actually are totally based off only those choices...but if you're going to have a game that really wants a diverging story up to that level, blackguards isn't your thing.The selling point, however, is that the battle system is awesome and pretty fun. True, it can get a bit repetitive and annoying, and perhaps easy if you're not playing hardmode. Still, the combat is solid and pretty fun.Overall, I'd give this game a 3.5 / 5. Good enough for a single playthrough unless they come up with more updates. Is it worth the money? I honestly dunno, but I'd pay around 20 i guess. If you want this, perhaps wait for sale period or something"
76561198098005984,Recommended,249650,8889992,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,donovancody,Game is broken. It will not open past the main menu. Payed 30 bucks last night and got ripped off.
76561198053055688,Not Recommended,249650,16997701,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ginsu,"Not very good. Definitely not worth the fourty dollars.  If it's ever on sale for five bucks and you have literally nothing else to play, this game will help you kill a bit of time."
76561198087898950,Not Recommended,249650,14398537,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sir William the Insatiable,"Blackguards has decent graphics, story, and cinematics. Gameplay is alright as well.For some reason though, the devs couldn't pull it together somehow. It just felt meh. There are way better turn based fantasy games out there.Does mean that this game sucks? No, but I would only buy if steam offers it on sale."
,Not Recommended,249650,14556283,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,astragoblin,"A pretty dreadful experience.Slow-paced and difficult, with too fine a stat/ ability granularity for how clunky and random the tactical combat actually is. The story was ok, just enough to give you a veneer of something to care about, but the beginning crisis was too cheesy and plot-holey, and everything that immediately followed felt really small, unimportant, and aimless. Game difficulty doesn't ramp well... as a starting player I felt always behind the curve, with crappy equipment and not enough gold to do much about it, and I spent more time redoing missions I lost than enjoying any sense of progression or accomplishment. The action wheel adds a lot of friction to the experience... it just took too long to do any action beyond the basic double-click weapon strike. Stores are weird... there's more stuff than I can afford to buy and more stuff available than I would even want, so it's an odd mix of too much/ not enough. As far as your character(s), there are too many skills/ abilities/ talents/ whatever and not enough information on what they are or do or what your starting levels indicate in terms of mastery... just too many knobs on one part of the game and not enough on all the others.The VO was a nice touch and adds personality. The game looks good, if a bit stodgy.But it's really just dreadful to play. The user experience just is not polished or satisfying. I like to have a good time, not a frustrating one.Avoid, go play XCOM or Dragon Age or something else."
,Not Recommended,249650,14204943,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Macho Trans Mandy Savage,"Im going to continue this game because I enjoy it..But the god. damn. rng. ♥♥♥♥.Oh what's that?  85% chance to hit?  You miss 3 turns in a row.  Your character is suppose to be a dodgeing machine?  Every enemy hits them.It's♥♥♥♥♥♥like this..  Battles are basically a crapshoot for how it goes, % to hit means nothing.  I've been parried on a 95% chance to hit.  Reaallllyyy frustrating, the developers did a♥♥♥♥♥♥job with the combat RNG.Story seems interesting though."
76561198006778211,Recommended,249650,8679795,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Gialli,"really, really good game! Fantastic Skill system, Good difficulty, story is ok, battle system could be ...faster... but it's ok. This game is really worth it's money!"
,Not Recommended,249650,23661057,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Jimmy,"This game is somewhat interesting, but mostly meh, in my opinion. There's gameplay in there (and if you think of every battle like it's a puzzle that needs solving, it becomes even more interesting), but there are a lot of confusing and idiosyncratic elements that hold it back. The English translation is not very stellar, the story is pretty much nonsensical, there's no way to grind at ALL, and the party mechanics can be frustrating at times, making the game harder than it should be. It uses some D and D stats like Treat Wounds that make the levelling bloated. The battle environments typically work against you more than you are able to use them to your advantage. There are no ways to win some of the levels because they were designed so terribly (I'm looking at you, mission near the end where you're chasing away birds), and in others the AI doesn't actually do what it's supposed to do (mission with the alligators is pretty much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥). Also, one of your characters dies in the middle of the game (it's unavoidable), which is annoying, and another character turned on me even though I did everything the wiki said I had to do to keep her faithful. Don't play it unless you absolutely LOVE turn-based RPGs. Three dollars or less would be a good value for this game.SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER: The elf chick dies in the final match of the arena, the other girl turns on you."
,Recommended,249650,11839150,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Dumah Atreides,"I spent perhaps the past 4 hours playing this game and find that it's just not good enough to keep me plugging away at the repetitious win the roll or die battles. I've played several similar style games to this like Xcom, but this just lacked the feeling of tactical control of the situation. My suggestion for someone looking towards a good PC RPG with tactics - Divinity Original Sin. I just finished that game and found it to be very original in game play and enjoyable all the way through."
76561198031251146,Recommended,249650,8815941,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,IraqVet,Awesome !!!! pure goodness
76561198046983477,Recommended,249650,8810303,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Endurin,Nice game!
76561197986418938,Recommended,249650,8814659,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,jamin_702,the turn-based rpg that youve been looking for
,Not Recommended,249650,16849178,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Korlyth,Picked this up during summer sale. Was pretty pumped to play it. To bad it barely works. I think every 4th or so loading screen it stops responding. Seriously disappointing.
76561198147640386,Not Recommended,249650,31025497,Posted: 8 April,all,Chen,I would have enjoyed this game if you hit something in front of you at least once in 10 tries...
,Recommended,249650,10891229,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DM-Spirit,"If you like turn based Rpgs like Final Fantasy Tactics, this game is for you. The story is fantastic. There is a ton of depth, and a ton of content.  Please do yourself a favor and pick it up"
,Not Recommended,249650,16224464,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Papa Nidoking,"Starts solid, fizzles BAD later.Balckguards is challenging tactical RPG great focus on tacital, the characters strenghts are based of of the skill points you allocate into different areas such as weapon profficancy and constitution, and to note you can only carry four items per character in battle that includes arrows.  Combat is the typical turn based Hex grid goto but this is when the game can be a pain, traps are invisible of course you can take an action to scan the area around you for them, BUT to scan furthur areas you must move another character into the area avoiding the traps that are reveal. Movement is crap, the Hex grid makes thing wonky and you end up having the character accidentally move through a trap, inflicting damage, possible status effects, and ending their turn. If you don't end up walking through a trap on your way to the empty space you will likely hit a trap that is still hidden. Also the  AI opponents know where the traps are so unless it plays stupid and tries to make it's way to a weakend ally it will almost never hit them.I am saddend by this spike in difficulty but if you enjoy masocistic gaming feel free but other wise avoid."
,Not Recommended,249650,14727268,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ujifgc,Too random to be tactical.
,Not Recommended,249650,16280883,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Brilliant Grapefruit,Crashes regularly.
76561197971562414,Not Recommended,249650,15238375,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Korsobar,"This game looked very promising in the early screenshots and descriptions.  Unfortunately, it turned out to be quite boring.  The character development system is neither interesting nor diverse, especially in the early levels.  With such a small party size and limited abilites, success in the early to mid-game battles is more about dice rolls than about planning or clever tactics.  In a party with only one caster, healing is so much more important than damage that it is rarely wise to cast damage spells (except when environmental effects more or less demand it). For a party with two casters....well good luck.  Although there is a dearth of solidly enjoyable tactical, turn-based rpgs, I can't recommend this game to fill the void."
,Recommended,249650,21304678,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,thekingofswagstyle420,"This is for those die-hard fantasy gamers. It has some DnD elements that just makes the inner-nerd happy and superb voice acting. The characters are fun and the story is decent. Combat-wise it's annoying missing attacks that have a 70%+ chance of hitting and this happens a lot. It's also a bit of an adjustment constantly preparing your ammo and healing your characters before each battle since they don't just regenerate fully or have unlimited ammo by themselves. Overall a good game, not worth the price but is a must-have when it goes on sale."
76561198010429902,Not Recommended,249650,16514798,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ancientelder,"I remember playing this awesome game on the Xbox called Gladius... I've never played a tactical RPG as good as that was before or since. I wished Blackguards could be more but it's a pale shadow of everything. Taking a band of misfits and leading them to be the heroes of the land... squandered. Moral dilemmas? nope. Relentless brain numbing combat, buckets and buckets."
76561198000717877,Not Recommended,249650,16609468,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,penumbra777,"A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  DON'T BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!  This is the German idea of balanced gameplay!?!?  Continual misses by your characters (at 92%!!!!!) but the enemy will hit you, for two or three times your damage, at 45%!!!  WTF !?!?!?!?!?  Dead-alic.........we're done with you.  You couldn't program your way out of a wet paper bag.  It takes a helluva lot more than some pretty sprites to make a worthy adventure game.  And the notion that because this takes place in the Dark Eye somehow justifies this travesty of computer coding.  You're fifteen years to the party too late, and you STILL can't hold a candle to classics like Baldur's Gate.  That's SAD, SAD, SLOPPY CODING."
,Recommended,249650,21293792,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,bro_kc,"Great game playing on basic mode as a hunter and its still challenging, and im a gamer who prides himself on playing games on the hardest mode available. Great they made a really captivating turn by turn game, i really like it."
76561198021508010,Recommended,249650,18702537,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Fozi,I love this game.
76561198031782599,Recommended,249650,8913127,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Devs,"I can not recommend this one highly enough,very well thought out,makes you think about what your doing,well worth the price tag!"
76561198036285528,Recommended,249650,24030123,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shadowcran,"I'm a TBS junkie especially adding in RPG and medieval settings. This one is a classic. Yes, there are a few bugs, but what game doesn't have them nowadays?At $4 now it's a can't miss even if you've never played this genre before. Enjoy the hell out of it."
,Recommended,249650,9460981,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,teimsen,Infuriantingly unfair. That's why I recommend it!
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,249650,23358446,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"An tactical RPG within the world of The Dark Eye, sadly botched to the point it's not worth playing. If you're interested, play the second one instead, which is a lot better."
76561197986504785,Recommended,249650,17787334,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Levitan,"The game was great, the QA for the game was not. Ran into a number of issues that got me stuck because of glitches."
76561198019672607,Recommended,249650,18123409,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,MystinenHM,"Very nice! The story is interesting, the characters are fun and believable. And the combat! Its so fun to play something that isn't as easy as everyhting else these days. Also the combat mechanics are pretty strong.If you think you like a challenge and turn based combat, this one is for you."
76561198039015478,Recommended,249650,17897075,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,static0verdrive,"Great RPG, difficult at times. Looking forward to the second one as I'm sure some UI elements are further developed..."
76561197978337815,Recommended,249650,17778663,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,CRAGNAR,"Wow.  This game is 3.99 right now. If you like turn based combat it's definitely worth a shot.  The character progression and how to build your character properly is a bit different from the norm, but half way through the game I was at the point where I was seriously considering restarting just to focus my builds a bit more. Aside from that though, the game can be quite challenging and will take up a good chunk of time, so you will surely get your monies worth."
,Recommended,249650,18027351,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Dahaka,"Where to start?Most reviewers/trolls/noobs outright complain about the difficulty of the game, calling out bugs on things like dmg type resistance or getting knocked down because they cant figure out character builds.if you want a game that its pretty much like click here to win, you are in the wrong genre.if you want a game where you dont want to retry the same fight a few times to get it right, you are in the wrong genre.This is a turn based rol-playing game, you won't get things right from the beginning withouth knowing the game beforehand.I can almost assure you that you might screw up the builds of your party and there wont be an easy way to fix that, but thats the idea of the game, you either push through, start over or go to forums or reviews to whine like a noob because you failed to see the game manual/help/build guides.Now if you like challenges, and turn based RPGs this one is for you, you have magic, killer snipers and swords!bit of a spoiler if you mayyou get a very functional party consisting of: A greedy sort-of-crazy dwarf, a gigollo magician, a stoner elf, a killer jungleman and a witch.you can mold the characters as you damn well please, with some restrictions of course, but who dosnt want to have a mage in his party?what else? main character is not gender or class locked so that gives you some freedom to choose what you want to do.oh and yes don't forget: willpower -> def vs spells : body control -> falling/getting knocked!"
,Recommended,249650,17806952,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ian,"This is a game for the hardcore.  I got Blackguards 1 & 2 for $11 on sale; I wouldn't buy it before because of the mixed reviews.It's basically like old school King's Bounty but better.  I'm only 10 hours in, but it feels like 20, which is a good sign.  I love the customization of the character and I am annihilating♥♥♥♥♥♥on normal, though I've read that the game is extremely hard.  Maybe I am just hardcore.If you like a challenge and are willing to reload, get this game.  I can't reccomend it at full price; I would never risk $40 on a game with 60% positive reviews.  If it's $8 or less, go for it."
,Recommended,249650,18007701,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mirianda,"Okay - this is a slightly older game, but I can't put it down. The story is fantastic and the gameplay is a lovely combination of point & click, strategy and RPG.  I usually can't stand strategy games, but this has kept me hooked."
76561198004983865,Not Recommended,249650,12953703,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Falke,"Game was not bad, but the balance is not good.Played like 75% of the game on hard, and then there were no arrows in the whole game. wtf?Most skills are not usable on hard mode, the chance is too low.All you can use is standard attack. Thats not a good system!Was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i played the rest on easy.The end was pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Choices had absolutely NO effect!Very dissapointing!"
,Recommended,249650,17790898,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,TweetyTheBird,"An entertaining turn based strategy. The plot is not very deep, still it is meaningful. Dialogues are ok. What I liked most was the fact that you can interact with the environmet - it can have nagtive effects on you and your enemies which you can turn to your advantage. Another good thing is that there is sometimes more than one way to win a battle and that seems to affect the plot at times."
76561198006167184,Recommended,249650,18562659,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Cerandal,"Before saying anything else: this is a hard game. Getting to know how everything works may require time, and you will feel frustrated sometimes when your attacks or spells fail again and again. But that also can make it satisfying when you manage to do things well! So, knowing that, if you feel brave enough... go for it!The game can be a bit expensive for its real content, but I would surely recommend getting it on sale. Combat system's really good, you'll depend on strategies and using the environment to get some advantage. Characters are not very developed but are unusual and funny in many scenes, and the story is... well, a bit different, though it has its cliches.Be careful when designing your main character! You'll probably end up failing your first game hard and noticing he's useless when it's too late... Start with an archer if you feel lost - you can't go wrong with that.Pros+ Tactic and varied combat, with lots of maps and strategies+ Fully voiced, good dialogues+ Many different weapons, spells and items you can use during the fights+ Shady characters, not your classic heroes+ More content than I expected, with a lot of sidequests+ A real challenge if you want to go into the hard mode... or even normal difficulty+ One of the best dwarfs everCons- Some fights can be really hard compared to the rest of the game- Learning curve? More like learning wall- You won't understand how combat works until you've failed a lot- Game controls feel a bit clumsy sometimes, you may end up casting heals on yourself instead of the intended target- The ending doesn't live up to the rest of the story, it's too abrupt and you feel like you're missing a cutscene or something- You may find yourself trapped... if you built your characters wrong, you won't be able to survive to certain parts of the plot and may even need to restart everything. I'm thinking about you, Nine Hordes..."
,Not Recommended,249650,12091246,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,MidnightsFX,"This game was terrible.To elaborate, the game draws you in with the idea of a turn-based RPG with an unkown and intersting story and encourages the idea of character customization, dialogue options, and all that awesome stuff.Its lies, simply said and done its all lies.1. You will be stuck with a pre-determined 'party', with pre-determined skillsets, there is no 'designing a party'.2. The story is predictable, you loose your memory and gotta figure out what you forgot...3. The 'dialogue/charisma' options  while changing minor things are so few and far between there is almost no reason to do anything but SMASH and kill everything.4. Mages can't learn new skills until you purchase books for them (which are extremely expensive, so you won't learn any new magics till mid-late game.) While I am on the topic of mages there is a checkbox at the start of the game which effective says 'magic abillity' if you select that, you get mana and can be a mage- otherwise you'll never have that option.5. The skill tree is the same for everyone, so your sword wielding guy will go into swords and use the same 1-3 skills the entire game. (but will have extra points so he can get the same skills as your... archer!)If you haven't decided to quickly run away from this game yet, there are more 'great' things about this game I can only hope you never find out. The ending is as bad as you think its going to be about half way through (and its almost 100% predictible from the start...).If you haven't fled by now, you either love torture or your so dense this game might be for you (join the other <7% that have played through more than half of this game...).If you want a game like this, go play Dragon Age I or II, Divinity (for gods sake its way better), or pretty much any other turn based RPG game."
,Recommended,249650,13026230,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[Liha] HotGirl_97,Fantastic turn-based story driven RPG. This was just the type of game I was hoping to find.
76561198019022165,Not Recommended,249650,20095468,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PathOfPain,"Wow, i thought it was 1993 and i was playing an old 'Pool of radiance' forgotten realm game! It wasn't that great in 1993 imagine in 2015!The game promise strategy, but everything is badly designed. Interface ain't great either. It looks like you have a lot of choices, but ranged bow is just so far better than anything else it's not funny. Even spell that cost you mana regularly fail and are WEAKER than a bow that cost you nothing but cheap arrows and is ranged! Ha!If you like hardcore dungeons and dragons and are a masochist, then this game i right up your alley! Graphics are bad, the maps are too small, all the ennemy feels the same. It's not a great game and i do not recommend it."
76561198026561656,Not Recommended,249650,20183981,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Shamaya,"Beginning intro quests are long and boring. There are many problems with Hex movements, as in, you believe you are close enough to interact or cast a spell, but something is still preventing it. At one point neither of my mages could cast any spells against the mobs, and there was nothing indicating why. That's when I hung it up, only made it about 90 minutes into the game. It has a lot of potential, but falls short in my opinion"
76561198002296192,Not Recommended,249650,29663154,Posted: 2 February,all,Oria,"This game is not really fun and frustrating. Actually, just bad gameplay mechanics... I dont like strategy games which are more of a gamble then how you play..."
76561198065000154,Not Recommended,249650,31463496,Posted: 30 April,all,s.i.d,"Decent presentation, terrible gameplay mechanics."
76561197973010957,Recommended,249650,12317560,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,DrStrange,I really enjoyed this game. I played it quite a bit for a week. I reminds me a lot of Final Fantasy tactics in good ways.The story is somewhat intresting and I really like the concept of not being a Hero.Very good game for fans turn based combat.
76561198052465212,Not Recommended,249650,21848865,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Zahrada40,"I can't say I like this game. The story is somewhat nice. I like RPGs in which you begin as an outlaw, unimportant nobody. Though very soon the story turned out to be generic and unappealing. The settings seems totally boring. You don't seem to really travel in an open world. The first town you appera in is not really a town, it's just one screen where you click four vendors. What a joke. I like where the combat tactic element is going so far, but overall I don't feel like playing this game again."
,Not Recommended,249650,11523530,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Briggs,I do not know why I did it but I backed this game up in the kickstarter thinking this is a game I might really enjoy: Turn based combat + medievil time + fantasy + magic = sucess (?). BUT sadly enough I did not enjoy the game as a whole. The combat is fine even complex at times but never worth remembering due to the lack of actual epicness. The dialogues are meh written. Every town and interaction outside of combat is a product of pure laziness which lacks any immersive feeling. Traveling consists of a glowing dot moving to one dot to another dot which happens to be either a town or a point of interest or room in a dungeon. No random encounters everything is a set in stone encounter / loot / event. While its not a bad thing to be a game based of a pen and paper game its just that its bad when your dungeon master is terrible because he is lazy and unimaginative.Expect multiple restarts or reloads of older saves ( save often ) because if you missmanage your stat points you will have a bad time.
76561198008797106,Not Recommended,249650,11874564,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,steveevs75,not good!!
,Not Recommended,249650,12019495,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Pandora,Scripted mis-chances and rather insane mis-chances are just the start. (I had a 5% chance to hit a troll 7 hexes big...really? Or tried to cast a spell and had it fail 3 times with a 90% and then another 85% all in a row...which is about a 1 in a million chance I believe)  As well I at least disliked both the dialog and the leveling system which rather then letting you pick what you want if you do not go up in certain skills you will make the game impossible since there are no methods of leveling up other then the pre-set battles.  I tired with 4 different setup and every time(sometimes sooner then others) ran into a just stupidly setup battle where I would have selected a much different skill set then I had.I did end up not playing this game much but unless it takes off(always a possibility) it seems that you are just meandering through life without much direction other then random people giving you quests that I mean go to X and have a battle...no real interesting battles other then some I get to run through enemies with everyone killing me in a time limit or press a button causing some other random thing to happen that I feel was just put there to make the battle go on longer rather then for flavor.I am sure there are plenty of people who like this game but I just don't see why I would play this when there are so many better games out there even in this genre then this.
76561197970812613,Not Recommended,249650,11940069,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Brain [HUN],"Altough I love RPG games I am really dissapointed in this one. Ok this is rather a strategy game than an RPG, but it even fails at that. There are virtually no strategy options on the battlefield. Attack or cast spell. If you are a fighter you stuck with the first option, and hope for some decent damage. Most damage I did was around 9. Enemies constantly do damage over 10+. And spellcasters fizzle their spells 50% of the time. Combine this with the fact that you can't even cast spell out of combat (eg: no healing). And you get this complicated luck based game, with 0 fun factor."
76561198008056105,Not Recommended,249650,11913272,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Mattress,"I thought it would be fun. It kind of is, but it's incredibly frustrating. Poor detection on clicking enemies and random luck screws you over worse than it does in XCOM. It's really inconsistant in its mechanics. You'd think it would be simple, that highest initiative goes first. But it doesn't. It seems like it only improves chances of going earlier in the turn order. Because I'll restart a level and a different character gets the first move. You'd think this would make things interesting but it just makes it incredibly difficult to learn from your mistakes when it constantly changes. Wounds just break immersion so much it's baffling that they put them in. Your characters get ""wounds"" that carry over from one fight to the next, which cripples them somewhat and you have to see a healer constantly if you didn't invest heavily in some kind of ""do-it-yourself"" wound healing. Really kills the immersion for me at least to leave a dungeon, go get healed and come back after every room. Some maps are just really unreasonable and you have to try over and over again to even almost win. I mean, it speaks volumes when the first option in the esc menu is ""Try Again"". I mean, I'm trying to be fair. The game is fun and the concept is great. Overall it's an okay game but if it weren't for the overwhelming swarm of tiny annoyances, it would have been amazing. All in all, it's far from a waste of money, but I honestly wish I had bought something else."
76561198092533398,Not Recommended,249650,11502398,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,method,"As of this writing I just simply can't recommend this game.ProsIt's not broken.It's very pretty, for the most part.ConsThe combat is not only nothing new, it's also incredibly boring. There's just a lack of depth here that can't hold up to even very old series like HoMM. On the surface it looks like there could be a lot of depth, but that's just because of the huge radial window of spells and abilities that will never be used. So it falls short as a strategy game.The writing is mediocre, not bad, but it's by no means compelling, original, or gripping. So it falls short of standards set by many previous RPGs.And that's really all I can offer about this game, I'm completely underwhelmed and can't recommend it at any price. Not because it's bad, but because it's just tedious and leaves me saying ""meh"". At the very least if it was a lot of fun and buggy, I could say, ""Maybe if they fix it."" But I don't think there's a fix to the problems here, without just making a completely different game."
76561197995423785,Not Recommended,249650,12028660,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,DarkGlobe,"I bought this game having read a lot of the reviews. I was expecting it to be primarily centered around hex-grid combat. I knew this and dived in - I love games like HoMM and Kings Bounty. Other reviews have mentioned that the game is essentially battle to battle, with a few static village screens thrown in to try and create a background. Even so, I was expecting so much more. Everything in the game seems to have been implemented with the minimum amount of thought. There are relatively few upgradable skills and I found it fairly easy to just divide skill groups between party members and max them out fairly early in the game. Other reviewers have mentioned difficulty spikes in certain battles and this is occassionally true - some of the early battles are harder than the 'legendary' arena battles you have to overcome later on.Actually, one of the main sticking points for me was the distinct lack of equipment - or at least variety of equipment. If the game is going to be based entirely around battles, surely you should feel like winning is going to bring some great bounty, but in the end all you get is a pair of boots and 5 coins, or whatever. There aren't even any item conditions to mix things up (rusty swards, superior buckler, etc). The amount of XP you get after a battle seems to bear very little resemblence to its difficulty either. All of this leaves the game without any reason for you to be excited or want to carry on into the next battle (apart from the inherent addictiveness of turn-based RPG combat). You feel like maybe you should be progressing the story, but I also found the story boring for the most part, apart from a few of the cut-scene events. I recently bought the Baldurs Gate 2:EE and played for a few hours, the contrast in characterisation is ludicrous - straight away I was enjoying the quips and comments from party members - while the characters in Blackguards just aren't really memorable, I found myself interested at the beginning, but raply lost interest, either through poor writing or due to the incredibly slow pace of storytelling.Overall, I felt there weren't really any redeeming features for Blackguards - sure its graphically competent (although by no means pretty), sure the combat and strategy is acceptable (but by no means exciting or ground breaking in any way), sure the character concepts are interesting, but they just don't go anywhere. It's all a bit of a muddle really."
76561198019221357,Recommended,249650,26793719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Syrax,"This is a surprisingly good turn based strategy game. I had a lot of fun with it. If you enjoy turn based strategy, ignore the negatives, and give it a try when on sale."
76561197960806746,Not Recommended,249650,20331611,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,AMX,"It took me about three hours to be sure that I hate this game, and wouldn't want to play it even if I was getting paid for it.Which was, of course, too late for a refund.But at least I learned a valuable lesson - ask yourself ""Is this actually any fun?"" before hitting the two-hour mark."
76561197993288786,Recommended,249650,28367621,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Invest,Very good RPG!
76561198003008871,Recommended,249650,28320130,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Taserface,"Don't let the bad reviews fool you. This is a Awesome TBT game, in my top 10."
76561198001784839,Recommended,249650,28559259,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Salty Jack,"I liked turn based strategy, this had decent productions values... somehow didn't find myself getting into it.Seemed a little bland.  Still a worthy effort.  Maybe I'll try it again someday."
,Recommended,249650,23791873,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Duncoup,"Because of the review I was in doubt. I bought on sale the package, and I just tried Blackguards 1 for now. I played 5 hours in a row, it was hard but i never failed and I have been moving forward in the storyline. My first character was built to be a 2handed sword monster (blademaster style) but I have yet to find a two handed sword, which is a shame. I have tested a lot of turn-based game and this game suits what I like, it is similar to ""Expedition Conquistador.""I recommend this game for turn-based game fans!"
76561198073161145,Recommended,249650,11940486,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Jimuser,6/10. The controls are aweful. I am forever making mistakes from the ui being off a hex. Good story though.
76561198052450778,Not Recommended,249650,8985936,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Dark Mage,"I have bought this game, as it was early access. I have played each chapter, which came out, until the end. I have spent 48 hours of my life for this ... game. During of the game play I was trying to find only one word for me to describe the whole game. Finally, after the final chapter ended, I have found this word of ""banishment"": annoying!I would say this game is a typical example where a good idea meets bad story and bad implementation. I would not recommend to buy it, even if it would be on sale for only 9,95..The fights are nice but only because they are turn based... the so-called story is meaningless... there is no good gear to buy... I would even say it is not even needed, because all limited money will be spend on heal/mana potions, which costs 1-4 times more than any good/best gear or weapon.. The game is badly balanced or completely unbalanced at all.. The AI is sometimes very stupid, sometimes cheats badly... All spells/talents are worthless…I would say, a good game must be interesting and enjoyable... On my opinion, it does not suit for this one.Buy it, if you do not trust my words. Buy it, if you would like to make your own opinion.But do not say after that, that you have not been warned!"
,Recommended,249650,12590067,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Racines,"Good tactic RPG, fairly hard, especially at the beginning where it is confusing.There are a lot of side quests and what is really good is that most maps, if not all, are differents.Any recommandation for any new player: specialization is the way to go."
76561197997797295,Not Recommended,249650,24174700,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,0eprson,"promising but bogged down by glitches, poor combat UI, lack of information on battlefield objects, etc.fun but frustrating"
,Not Recommended,249650,8849992,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bullrose,This is a weak turn based RPG with no exploration.  Click on the map and you are at the next objective.Buy it on a Steam sale for < $10 if you are interested.  It won't take long to get down to that price.
76561198036019166,Not Recommended,249650,8990359,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,tictactoe_13,"I really wanted to like this game.  I am a big fan of D&D and have played more RPGs than I can count.  I am also a huge fan on XCOM and that style of strategy so this looked like a match made in game heaven.Alas it was not to be though.  Here is the good the bad and the ugly.Good:- Graphics are wonderful.- Voice acting is top-notch.- There ""appears"" to be a lot of character customizations.Bad:- Storyline beats you up in the second chapter and you lose your ""investment"" arbitrarily.  Sad really.- There really is a lack of ""strategy"" as you are at the whim of roll of the dice.  Not XCOM calibre, not even close.- $39.99?  I got is pre-release cheap.  Save your money it isn't worth that much.Ugly:- XCOM style strategy doesn't play as such.  Random roll really makes this a flawed game.  You can employ the exact same strategy move for move and breeze through a level, and other times get decimated.- There is no place to ""grind"" it out to build up your characters if you are so willing to do so.  Early in the game you will find yourself redoing levels because you got a bad roll and you haven't enough Ducats (money) to do what you need.- Some levels (first one) become closed the moment you go to another map.  There is no turning back until later.  A big map, but very linear and very unforgiving.You have to REALLY love D&D style play to get into this game.  It will take a while to get used to, and even longer to become skilled at this game.  It feels more like work and less like fun.I would not buy this game again."
,Not Recommended,249650,9681385,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"This is a turn based combat game that uses the DarkEye rule set.  This rule set, imho, is overly complicated.  I thought I was getting an adventure game, but what I ended up with was almost a pure combat sim.  I didn't really care for it.  It was not imaginitve or engaging to play.  I just stopped playing it and never went back to it even though I was bored of my other games."
76561198030675190,Not Recommended,249650,9278574,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,panta,"So long after the release, still key features missing, game freezing randomly. I wont ever buy anything from Daedalic. So much potential in Schwarze Auge ruleset and so fracked up by incompetent testing and slow patching process."
76561198060502964,Recommended,249650,8809304,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Tides,Simply a awesome game if you are into tactical turnbased RPG.
76561198008455392,Not Recommended,249650,17799570,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MrPootz,"I've been playing rpgs since before Baulders Gate.  I saw this title on sale for 3.99 so I thought well how bad could it be? Well, bad, really bad.  If I had paid full price I'm not sure what i'd have done.  Save your 4$ and get a coffe or something.Graphics are fine, no ability to rotate map to get a better view,  menus are just meh, loot drops are trivial, there are not enough quests available to prepare the characters for extended fight with multiple times the number of higher lvl npc's, animations severly interrupt the flow of the game, just all around annoyance.It looks like a deal but save yourself the trouble."
76561198005365841,Not Recommended,249650,14114916,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,eaterofdead,was not that good 10 dollar or less game
,Not Recommended,249650,11304202,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Dr.Insomnia,"The game is mechanically satisfying, with a fairly advanced hex-based tactical combat and a broad range of tools.Storywise its a mess. On top of being a fairly flat story filled with shallow characters and bad dialogue the story is a piece of misogynistic crap. Female victimization, female alienation and the male sidekicks being posterboys for hypermasculinity (no exceptions! We have the three stereotypes of Gruff Homicidal Dwarf, the Latin Lover and the Exotic Tribal Warrior)."
76561198036597046,Not Recommended,249650,16012990,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,micah3,This game blows! The story line is linear and unimaginative. The game play is not intuitive. I bought this as part of a 4 game bundle on steam and this was the best of the 4. I would not buy another game from Daedelic studios again.
,Recommended,249650,23830548,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,macxtc,Not terrible... I love turn based RPG's (especially those that aren't Japanese for a change)No controller support SUCKS... how long could it take to code that in?
76561198006014195,Recommended,249650,7901667,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Echonight,"Amazing game, true RPG with a new perspective! Highly recommended!"
76561197982747617,Recommended,249650,7907331,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DeadShot,"I really like this game, the graphics and animations are tight, very fluid, the engine behind the battles is great, very roll of the dice feel. The game is hard and challenging but at the same time very relaxing and good for a quiet night of gaming.  The only problem i would have with it is that the inventory weight is shared between all the heroes and the fact u cant equip items mid battle, i get why you cant but its still bothersome when i need a certain item and cannot get it, or am thrown into an unknown battle without prep time, otherwise this game is sick. The way you level and gain skills/spells for each character is very neat too! I realy enjoy the story, you feel for the characters and when u get hit hard you cringe and rethink all your stratagies for that fight.  This game is fantastic i recommend that everyone try this at least once."
,Recommended,249650,7982412,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Dev,English Final Fantasy Tactics. I mean that in the best way possible. I wish this company great success. The combat engine is amazingly good considering this is an adventure game company.
76561197970504586,Recommended,249650,8264146,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lord Kreigan,"Sweet game. Awesome music, and great story.."
,Not Recommended,249650,9924292,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Rex Masterson,"This game has a lot going for it: good battles, nice RPG elements, the whole package. But it's also buggy. They're not game-detroying bugs, but they're just sloppy enough that it just makes me want to play something else until the devs patch them. Healers that don't work, screens that suddenly go eye-bleedingly magenta... it's not insurmountable, it's just not fun. Also, the game features many environmental objects that must be manipulated to succeed. They're puzzles, in a sense. But there's a thin line between something being a puzzle and something just being underdocumented or unusuable. There are a couple of times when Daedalic crosses this line. Even a spoilers page documenting what these things are would be helpfull.With small fixes this game would rock. At the moment, why play it when there are so many other good games out there?Daedalic has a good reputation, and I purchased this, my first Daedalic game, on the strength of that reputation. I'll think twice before buying a game of theirs again -- which is a shame."
76561198086087452,Not Recommended,249650,11022986,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,CyberDown,"The battles are really drawn out with a high RNG probability of reduced damage, missed shots, dodges, blocks.  Can take several turns just to do a few damage to a target with as much HP as you.Battles are made difficult by swamping you with enemies, given the drawn out nature of tying to do any damage to enemies this can lead to really long, fustrating fights.It is difficult, which is a good thing, but difficult because of the RNG system and the fact that you will be outnumbered several times over or forced to do multiple fights with no chance to rest.  Healing potions and mana potions are over priced.  Weapons are over priced and there is little variety.  Armor is so over priced i assume you need to go back to some of the starting towns once you are deep in game to afford nominal upgrades.Basically its 3 of you vs 5-20 enemies of equal strength.  Majority of combat is spent whiffing shots, fizzling magic, and doing low to no damage.  RNG tends to ensure that vital heal on a tank fizzles several times in a row.  One lost character is losing the battle in the end, have fun restarting that 40minuet drawn out battle.Its not an awful game, just a huige missed oppertuinty.  Buy only when heavily discounted if you LOVE difficult TBS combat.  Its got a very linear story with arraged battles, story is meh."
76561198074169780,Not Recommended,249650,11817115,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Pølsemix,"I too was excited about this game. It had a great intro video, and looked crisp. I have enjoyed rpg's since I tried Might & Magic 7. That game had a pretty long learning curve with no proper introduction and my younger self had no idea of the concept of doing quests for xp. But slowly I got stronger and stronger, and I learned my way trough the game.Every time I encounter games without tutorials or hints to character building, I think of myself learning to play M&M7, thinking I just need to invest a few hours and things will clear up.So me and a friend bought Blackguards, and played it both. He is older than me and I got a lot of grief from him, when I complained about the learning curve and difficulty. He said I am from a time when games are easy and I am a spoiled gamer.That seems to be the issue here. People throw grief at the people not willing to spend 13 replays of a fight. Probably because they did 13 replays and want the rest of us to suffer the same. I play games to have fun, and Blackguards gives me no pleasure.Am I a spoiled gamer? Maybe I am! Maybe I just dont want to sit and redo the same battle 13 times in a row. That gives me no pleasure! It does trigger a lot of screaming at the computer, cursing and pulling out hair. Maybe I am a spoiled gamer, but I would much rather chop off my arms than play any more than 8 hours of Blackguards."
76561197968304009,Not Recommended,249650,9885929,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Mr.Bigglesworth,"This game as a lot of potential the gameplay is engaging and the game offer a good challenge which isn't something that can be said from most RPG. I would recommend this game if you have a lot of free time because the battle (which is 95% of the game) are super long. You'll spend a lot of time waiting for your turn. If you are used to turn base table top game like DND heres some insight. Most of the  fighting involves around 15-20 mobs each time each critters moves around... one at a time and if you use the environnement most of the time you will block some path and they will just move around back and forth.. Its a major inconvenient ... the development team had really nice ideas of dynamic and unique fights that are really awesome, but most of the time even nice creative challenge will bore you because of the heavy and painful waiting turn... if only mobs could play all at once it would have been easier to bear.+great gameplay +animation are great +variety of spell and special action are nice +action centered game (not much time wasted on story) + innovative and creative fights + engaging strategy must be used to win + difficulty is good + good AI------ WAITING TIME for turn IS AWFUL and ruins the game"
76561197964110177,Not Recommended,249650,11058394,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Little Bobby Tables,the battles get progressively more stupid.the most important decisions you will make are during character generation.Do not buy.
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,249650,11237580,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,malcolmmackay224,"Maybe this game will get better, but I think eight hours is enough to get a feel for a game.So far this game is frustrating in the extreme. The developers got more things wrong than they got right. First of all, the game is extremely unbalanced. This wouldn't be a problem if the game wasn't also extremely tough. I'm sure some people will say that they found the game to be too easy, but that would only serve to prove my point, the game is very unbalanced. If you pick the wrong attributes to improve (and how would you know which ones are best), you can get stuck.The interface is also very clumsy. It appears that the developers have abandoned the game to move on to Blackguards 2.Overall the game is a tough slog, all frustration and no fun.I've formally been a real fan of Daedalic, I've bought a lot of their games. But lately most of their games have been really poor."
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,249650,15713780,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,After the first prison area none of my characters could use spells or abilities. Others have been having this problem toohttp://www.gog.com/forum/blackguards_series/blackguards_2_using_spells_major_problemThe game is currently not in a working state.
76561198023344725,Recommended,249650,18173719,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kharga Khan,"I've just finished this game!!! That's awesone!!! I really can't find the words: the plot, the atmosphere, the gameplay, the music, the characters. All things are on the highest level!!! After I finished the game I wanted to try to make my own character.The only dissapointent is very often bug, especially in Meghbilla city.I really can recommend this game... even if the man doesn't like turn-based games!10/10."
76561198001818857,Not Recommended,249650,18168026,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jasonblank,One of those games you really want to love because of it's old style gaming feel... I got through a lot of it before simly getting too bored... it lacks some indescribable element that makes games great.
76561197969302422,Recommended,249650,15448148,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,davetiger,"Not good at reviews so I'll keep this breif.  The randomness of this game is just too high.  I had to restart fight after fight and the increadibly long load times are very annoying.  With my attack power maxed (hit rate) I still miss or get dodged/parried 50% to 60% of the time which just makes for a really long and teadous fight.  Outside of this the overall game is good I'd give it about a 6 on a scale of 1 to 10 so guess I would recommend it.  Though if you don't like watching your characters die over and over due to just really bad machanics, I wouldn't play this.  The late game has the other team with casters and 100% spell everytime and no amount of resist seems to work"
76561198012992721,Recommended,249650,8885125,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,bwhite7777,"Great game for anyone who likes story driven, turned based RPG's. Old school but updated. Great fun so far."
76561198011604006,Recommended,249650,13571565,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Saboth,"A good turn-based RPG game. Graphics, sound, music and story are good. This plays similarly to X-Com combined with Original Sin (and is about as difficult as X-Com, with a mercilous RNG).  Lots of puzzle maps to figure out, and battle maps are very unique, and beautiful. There are a few things to look out for: it's totally possible to build your character in a way that will make it difficult, if not impossible to finish the game. Each character needs to focus on their strengths and ignore superfluous stats/abilities. The kicker is the stats on your characters, and the gear do not make it abundantly clear how you should build characters, what stats do, how much better gear Y is than gear X, etc. I suppose if you are familiar with the system this game is based on, it all makes sense, but if not, you will be confused and probably have to rely on guides and forums."
,Recommended,249650,13593391,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Enfys Ellezard,"7.5/10Blackguard is a very fun turn-based strategy game. You will come to love most of the characters. The dialogues are simply amazing. Your party members are exactly what you expect your most extreme type of role-playing friends to be during a sesstion of a tabletop game like DnD.""I AM A MAGICIAN OF LOVE. I WILL SEDUCE EVERYONE!"" and then you get into battle because he fails all of his seduction.Everyone takes it to the extreme. One is hella dumb, funny and racist toward the elves. Another is just always sarcastic and mean most of the time.That covers most of the story telling. Let's get into the gameplay.THEDARNTHINGWILLTRY TO BREAK YOU.The hex-based map is great.The game using the ""automated diceroll"" system as if you were playing an actual table top is great.Problem though is that the other side cheats way too often for you to really enjoy the combat.Somes of them are insanely easy.And the next one is just demanding you to either get the spell to work on a 50% rate at the start of the turn with the follow up attack from your friends hitting everything on the first turn or you might as well retry the battle.And to make it worse. Everything, except for some of the weak fodders, are either as strong as you or much stronger than you. It's funny the first few time you see a lizardman sniping your team with a javelin better than your archer can shoot someone with his bow but after about 2 to 3 hits, it stops being funny because they deal much more damage than you do and even has additional effects until you manage to get to a certain point where you can finally learn your cheap spamming moves too just to destroy everything.And ""HARD"" mode isn't even hard. It's just frustrating and cheating. Usually, in a strategy game, repeating the same failed strategy oftens lead to the same fail result. However, in Blackguards, repeating the same strategy is what you do until you finally roll enough damage and hit rate to actually carry out that strategy, and that the environment isn't messing with you.RNG governs everything. Mobs are predictable but overstat as heck that they will deal your critical-like damage on a normal hit so you just have to retry over and over until the 35% hit rate on them actually miss instead of hitting 3 times in a row while your 90-95% are still missing over and over, or dealing minimal damage when it actually hits, leaving the mobs with 1 hp.Because this game offers no between-combat regen so sometime, delaying a battle to 60 turns + is necessary although you can end it in 7. It wasn't challenging. It was just the game forcing me to repeat the ""Whole map kite"" for the next 10 minutes just to full heal the whole team. At normal or so, this isn't always necessary. I can try with 75% health and mana on the next map. On hard? You better be full or you might as well restart the whole battle chain.But that's really the annoying part and it can easily be somewhat remedied by just setting the mode to ""Normal"" unless you're ready to go through pointless self-torture that makes you want to ragequit because of a single crit or a slip on an overstat mob forcing an instaretry. Other than that, I see nothing wrong with this game. People often makes fun of the voice acting but it's only horrible on the trailer. The in-game voice acting is so much better and really fit the situation when the characters are trying to be mean or sarcasting, which isn't really something you can see on the trailer.I also recommend getting the big pack. The artbook is simply amazing."
,Not Recommended,249650,13904174,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Anyx,"Wow, paid a lot of money for this. Thought there would be some more DLC as this game is very short. Then saw today that they are coming out with Blackguards 2. Give me a break, dont sell a game for $60 that has this little content. To be fair I did like what I played of it, just too short. Wont be buying BG2 for that reason. This game should be priced around 15$"
,Recommended,249650,13715104,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ConaN,"First of all I want to say that I dont regret buying the game (discount) . 8 / 10Pros:- challenging- good variety of battles (win conditions, interactive objects, environment, enemies)- multiple ways to win battles depending on your party- amusing dialogue- not a single crash the whole time I played and no other bugs- good lengthMinor Cons:- awkward character development / training and AP gain curve (the currency you improve your charaters with)- small selection of armor (lets just say I didnt equip my 2 casters with new clothing until the last chapter)- not many weapons either (many special spears, only 1 or 2  improved versions of other weapontypes)Tipps & Tricks (light spoiler warning):- do not rely heavily on the Niam character- make sure your fighters are good with secondary blunt/slash weapon set (for skeletons and crystals)- make use of the ability to delay your actions with a character by using the space-key (sometimes being the first to move is critical, but other times you want your enemies to move first, so you can move then and hit them- dramatically increase your chances to hit enemies via wounding them, poisons, knock them down / incapacitate them, attack them with a weak character first so they lose their parade- have a caster who can cast axxeleratus level 3- poison your weapons before entering a hard battle (you dont want to waste a turn to poison your weapons in battle)- use savegames to try out different spells if you have a lot of saved up AP, some are turds but others can really shine / decide a battle (the beserk one can be very good, lightning cloud too)- get your casters best possible manaregen via gear / talents, maybe archery as a secondary profession"
76561197964214568,Recommended,249650,14141198,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pit00r,"If you played the old Fallout series, Divinity and all these round based RPGs and loved them - you will love this game as well. You have a good story and you can literally play for hours without getting bored. Since the game is out since quite a while and it is not that expensive anymore, definitly buy it. For that money you can go watch a movie in the cinema or have endless fun."
,Recommended,249650,13573008,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,revanperspective,"Great game - FUN. I recommend this game if you like turn-based tactical RPG's. Overall the game is a fun experience. The biggest aspect of this game is gameplay and story. Other strengths such as atmosphere and tone create a nice world. Great soundtrack as well.Couple things to point out. The world map movement is point and click/adventure, which I did not expect to enjoy so much at first. This creates a little slower pacing then I am used to in other RPG's. Just kick back and relax during world map movement and you'll learn to enjoy it.Customization can be a ""gift or a curse,"" depending on your personality. Personally, the party customization screens were cumbersome and confusing for the first 5-8 hours. If you get overwhelemed at charcter customization screen, I recommend going with the default builds, or research other builds online for direction. Try not to waste allocating points until you decide on a main build. By the end of Chapter 1 you can handle all of the customization options though. If you love stats and numbers, you will no doubt enjoy the customization. Sometimes battles take party-management prep work before you engage.Overall the game is a good experience and I recommend it if you enjoy turn-based RPG's. Great story involvment. The game has a slower pacing, but this is not a bad thing. Just relax and enjoy the world, story, and gameplay!"
,Recommended,249650,13773666,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sanara,i strongly reccomend this to anyone that likes turn based RPG's... one of the better ones that i've seen in years... love the story line and game play
,Recommended,249650,13570587,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Crazycujo,"I never really liked the whole ""Yes/No"" recommentation. A game shouldn't be decided if it is loved or hated solely based on other's experiences but rather on if it is appealing to you. With that said I gave it a Yes since even though it does has it flaws, I personally enjoyed it. Now to the nitty gritty part.What this game is (if you couldn't tell already) is a turn based DnD style type of game and it is heavily based on DnD mechanics. For those that don't know DnD, Here is a quick breakdown on how combat works: Roll for initiative (i.e. RNGesus happens at the beginning of each battle to determine who goes first), move characters around the map and you can do an action like attack, cast a spell, drink a potion or place a trap. Or you can just wait until your next turn. This process continues until every character has made a move/action. Then it is back to the top and you keep taking turns and making actions until either you or the enemy is dead.Now, keep in mind that this game is RNGesus based and that even though you have 90% chance to hit that doesn't mean you'll hit..just like DnD.To keep this short...also my spelling is bad...Pros: Interesting characters, combat is intuitive and changes per environment (i.e. environment interaction), very challenging scenarios (for those that like to get kicked around).Cons: Very challenging scenarios (for those that want to get spoon fed victory), Character customization is limited (you can create a rouge/mage or a hunter warrior but you can't create something like a palidin where you hit people in the faces with maces and then cast cure. Reason being is that wearing heavy ""Metallic"" armor takes away your ability to cast spells and regen mana. This is a con for me because I wanted to roll a palibro). Keep in mind if you do a split class like rouge/mage you will have more skills/abilities however you won't be as strong as a pure rouge or a pure mage."
,Recommended,249650,13737950,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sn0wy0wl,"So I have only played this game for a few hours, but I think what I have learned already will not change throughout the course of the game.Blackguards is a hard, challenging game, it is most certainly fun and the voice actors REALLY make this game a story to be part of, I simply love them.Now, don't get me wrong here, I'm all for % chances to hit, finding tactical ways to defeat the enemy and such, however I really resent the constant <70% chance to hit, and even at 70-90% I've had several times alredy where I do this action 3-4 times and each hit has missed (or failed)(not including piercing to skeletons etc.)Therefor this game is very inconsistent in how any battle will turn out even by using the same movements and actions each time, and this kind of (almost) luck based combat makes Blackguards very hard to want to play again.HOWEVER, I would recommend this game to anyone with the inclusion of this shortcoming."
76561198038794846,Recommended,249650,11397404,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kainn,"Great game, took decent amount of time (40 Hrs) to beat story (side quests too). Wait for it to go on sale.Pros-Endgame is really fun when your characters start to synergize after building them up.-Great stat customization-Tactical RPGCons-Basically no character designer (art)-RNG will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Sometimes it says 100% chance and you still somehow miss.-No random fights to raise get money or make your characters stronger.-No character choices, you get and lose certain people who are a specific type of character (mage/figher/hunter) And theres no way to prevent losing characters."
,Not Recommended,249650,10957304,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tobias Solem,"Blackguards is without a doubt a fun game for the old-school turn-based RPG-combat interested. It feels like a solid title through and through and it has hours of fun and enjoyment in it where you will be redoing battles over and over until you find the right strategy for them and beat them easily. This is definitely a challenging game with a lot of good sides to it, but it has one major flaw, and that is that it is far from complete and full of game-ending bugs. Expect to go somewhere and not being able to play if you make that choice because the game will crash if you make that certain turn, if you were lucky you had savegames prior to that choice, if not - then you have to start all over again.By game-breaking bugs I mean that when you reach a certain location, the game will just crash every single time you go there. Reloading the game won't help, it will continuously crash and if you had an old savegame you can get around it, otherwise you are screwed until they either fix it, or you move on to another game, alternatively give this game another try and remember what choice you made that led to the crashing.Unfortunately this is a dealbreaker for me, and while I did have a lot of fun, I didn't get to experience the game as I played it, and I refuse to go back to change how I played just because the game is unfinished. Supposedly it's going to be done this autumn, but I doubt there will be much more development on this title, they've been releasing a DLC for it already, and announced a sequel, which is underway. It's a pity that a title that has such great core mechanics get ruined in the details, but such is the way right now.It is quite possible that you do not run into these bugs, and have an excellent experience, but keep in mind, you might end up like me."
76561198012621177,Recommended,249650,15514298,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Robensnest59,"I found that this game was very fun to play I liked the mechanics of it which was tactical. However I thought the game was based more on just sheer luck - Luck 60% tactics 40%. But still all in all a good game. There were some settings that were rather difficult because you couldn't zero in on the places the fighters were going to do all there fighting it was just rather awkward to control your hero's properly. Also the only thing you do in this game is fight from one end to the the other end that's all you do but I like a game where there is more to concentrate on than just brawling and that could be done in many ways for instance crafting.  Well there were one or two spots where at least you could do some shopping if you had the money for it however this is a game you start dirt poor and you don't get any wealthier the winning of a fight brings you but little and in coin the same. So you might well ask what was good then and well even if that's all you did was battle, the battles most were original giving you choices to play differently. And I heard that it was the best to start your player of as a mage and go the middle road while still being able to play warrior if you wanted. Yet I found I had two good mages or ranged fighters from the others that joined your group so I'm glad I started mine of as warrior and could sink my points into him just being a strong player. I found Naurim the best for this he came up big in more than a couple of instances. And the mages ran out of astral mana to fast anyway and a person didn't have money enough to so you could have astral potions with you extra and you rarely came across any by winning a battle."
,Not Recommended,249650,15606571,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,botb,"I regret purchasing this game as it's just poorly made. There is little customization that really matters, things aren't explained very well and the hit chance ridiculous nonsense is unforgivable."
76561198015751870,Recommended,249650,7787544,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,blueblob0,"A brillant turn based rpg which works more or less as expected, however don't expect many real choices early on"
76561198012782759,Not Recommended,249650,17235665,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Glaziola,"This game is all about luck. No matter what you do, prepare to reload plenty of time because because you missed at a critical time. Or just missed your 95% chance serval times in a row while your enemys crit you and stack up those wounds on you.This game oes many things right, I like the story and presentations. The characters and their interaction are fun but it all comes to naught because it utterly fails at the most important point: the combat.I guess everyone that has fun with slot machines would like this game, everyone else shouls stay away."
76561197980974856,Not Recommended,249650,17198796,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,leonidas480bc,Not for me
76561198079177867,Not Recommended,249650,17445129,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,giovannettisimone1985,This game is just boring and repetitive.
76561197974698125,Recommended,249650,15261190,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,neverdweller,"I saw a bunch of reviews posted bashing how hard this game is, do not be fooled, I am on normal difficulty (which is on by default) and I breezed past the entire first part of the game and made it to the world map with no problems at all.I am not sure what they mean by ""only one way to play"" it would be nice to know what gave them such trouble.. maybe they tried the game using the ""basic"" setting instead of ""expert"".. I opted for expert because I wanted to adjust my own stats and skills.. the game is pretty straightforward, you read all your stats.. it tells you what stuff does.. its basically D&DThe story is also pretty interesting, the game is sure to be a good adventure ahead.. don't listen to the silly people saying its too hard to click on things.. not to mention you can always restart a battle.. the ONLY thing I do not like is that you cannot take back your movement actions once you have made them and its still your turn.. but it will tell you if you click the spaces BEFORE you confirm what your attacks and stuff can hit."
76561198084933636,Not Recommended,249650,28525887,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DinazorPipisi,i cant say anything about  this  game bcoz its not working LOL . İ BOUGHT AND DOWNLADED AND WHEN İ CLİCK '' NEW GAME '' NOTHİNG HAPPENİNG ! JUST A JOKE !
,Recommended,249650,16894812,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Jakasmo ᕦʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔᕤ,A little long to started. But very interesting nonetheless. Definitely to do for all lovers of this type games.
76561197995870321,Recommended,249650,14258785,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,will_mausteller,"I really liked this game. Fans of xcom won't find it too hard. Make your character an archer/healer since there really isn't another one in the game. For everyone else, specialize, specialize, specialize... Just like any RPG. Lot of fun."
76561198006037254,Recommended,249650,16751445,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,that_guy_crazy,This game is really awesome. Great story line great game play if you like turn-based games!
76561198048668185,Recommended,249650,16969014,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,kingkinzo,"The game itself is not bad, however DONT buy it for $40. Got it myself for about $5 with the expansion I believe, and its a great game or $5-$10 bucks. Graphics arent bad and gameplay isnt terrible, however its definately not worth $40. Wait for it to hit a good sale, then buy it."
,Recommended,249650,15626726,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ISUX,"The ap and loot system feels more like living real life as a poor person oppressed by over priced rent, wishing he could buy steak at the grocery store only able to eventually afford the spam.. But only after he spends a few more days cleaning urinals. The limited amount of story line options in general make this a lack luster experience for a RPG, as its pretty much linear. For a tablet game, playing this while traveling on a plane, would be a decent experience, for a pc game it serves to make me want to go back outside and spend time in the real world despite trying to escape from it for a moment.I do continue to play it, and yell words I dont want my mother to hear when I miss 95% chance to hits over and over while the archers on the enemy side hit with 5% chances. Reminds me of my childhood when I played ninja gaiden and swore the game cheated hahah.All that said, once you get across the border, things get a little more interesting and slightly more free.IF you can find this game on a deep sale, and love this sorta play style youll find it is an easy game to fill the void between what ever else you are doing with your life."
,Recommended,249650,16749582,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Balin,"Not a bad game, but the learning curve of the rules are pretty high. If you like tactical turn-based RPG is a must buy for you."
,Recommended,249650,16861312,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,freak1020,"If you are looking for a solid challenging turn-based tactical RPG, loving to prepare carefully before each battle, enjoying conquering seemly uncontrollable RNG madness, you probably will like Blackguards.Otherwise, if you're not hardcore enough, you might will hate this game a lot due to its difficulty and unfriendliness against causal gamers. You have been warned.Pros:storylinesoundtrackspellscharacter development (mechanics)depth of the combat systemCons:lack of internal combat information or complete instruction (ingame)intensive resources for smooth walkthroughannoying inventory managementslow progressinglimited itemizationoutdated visual comparing to modern gamesenemy girls always have sexier protraits *lol*"
76561198065545417,Recommended,249650,16842554,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ralf the Huge,"**** (of 5)As a big fan of the role playing game DSA, I would give it even five stars, but to be honest, at times the game can be a bit tiresome in its battles, because they take quite some time. Still the grafics and the story is good. I also like the turn-based battles and the variations in it. There are many ways how you can improve your character and you have to decide on what strength you want to focus."
76561198079211527,Recommended,249650,16982235,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,travis.buck,"A fairly fun game but make sure you save often, somewhat due to jumps in difficulty but also due to occasional crashes/hangs at loading screens."
76561198125451441,Recommended,249650,14587394,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,cogger-rebecca,"This is a very good game, fun to play through and great storyline. Some levels were difficult, but it makes you feel all that more accomplished when you complete it. The only problem was that some of the achievements are glitched and you won't get the achievement even if you do the required task."
76561198037468781,Recommended,249650,14785410,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Nile,"Difficult game which is reminiscent of tabletop rpgs. The stats and talents are merciless. Keep some saves close, don't expect to do the whole game without dying a few times. There's quite a few surprises.I enjoyed it. I can't really find any analogs to this game. It's too rpgesque to be akin to tactical combat, but it's not rpg enough in terms of deciding the fate of your characters to be considered a regular rpg.Biggest cons:-loading screens-Attack/Miss-Harsh to beginners"
,Recommended,249650,14819732,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Warp,"I bought this game with a bundle of a lot of games by the same company, and didn't think much of it. I had seen the positive review by TotalBiscuit, but I was not sure I would like the genre.However, the game surprised me positively. The combat mechanics are well designed and implemented, and it makes the game fun and additive to play. Thanks to this good design, the game doesn't feel repetitive (even though most battles are very similar). It does also help that the battlegrounds are often different and sometimes with additional challenges.The lack of possibility for level-grinding can make the game sometimes spike in difficult (at one point I was forced to lower the difficulty setting in order to get past one point, as there was no way to level-grind my characters), but for the vast majority of the game the problems arising from this have been largely avoided. (There are many similar tactical games that have no level-grinding where it results in the game being exceedingly difficult, but this game successfully avoids it for the most part.)"
,Recommended,249650,14250623,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TripleThreeTwo,"I havent had this much fun playing a rpg tactics game since XCOM and Wasteland 2. Story line and voice acting is superb. Gameplay can be quite hard, I had to restart a few times to get my character build right."
76561198002803441,Recommended,249650,14482518,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,minimarcy,"Difficult one to call, I think. I was quite hooked over the first 10 hours of gameplay, and the story seemed like it was going places... However after a while I have found the battle-town-battle-town method of progression quite monotonous.I enjoy the battle system - but be warned, the amount of misses/parry can become extremely frustrating!It is a good game. and I am recommending that RPG fans give it a try - but I think it's definitely an acquired taste!"
,Recommended,249650,17939758,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,D 'arc,İdk Why people is so low ball.I really enjoy with this game.İts has an unic character building system which one is really strong.Story was epic too esp after u finished the game and save the worldUll notice no one know it. U just do it for yourself. And still Evil continue to work.I ll punch second games.U really need too many way to win a fight in this game.At last  u need to use your brain :DAnd even easy moe is so Hard.I give this game 8.8/10
76561198033473318,Not Recommended,249650,9219425,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mikolaj,"Many games call themselves ""tactical rpgs"" but that's just a slogan. This one really is. If you love turn based combat, with simple to learn rules but a lot of nuances, if losing a fight makes you want to play it better - this is a game for you. The story is simple but not bad, it progresses through dialogues as there is no actual exploration. But the whole point is developing your party and fighting cleverly designed fights. They require you to use terrain, positioning, traps and other tricks to survive. If by RPG you understand a game where you just click on an opponent - this game is not for you. Actually I would rather recommend this game to a strategy fan not an RPG one.EDIT> I am sad but I feel I have to change my recommendation to a negative one. While the game itself is great, I ran into a bug in a fight at the end of chapter 3. Basically the turn of one of AI characters (Manolo) never ends. Thus I can't complete this fight and progress with the game. I reported the bug 3 months ago and still nothing, only a generic automated response."
76561197974191742,Not Recommended,249650,9997248,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,jocozo,"Stupid game, Full of bugs. very slow same routine!"
,Not Recommended,249650,9825573,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Drogra,"Pros:*Interesting system mechanics, with a LOT of depth to advancement.Cons:*Tutorial and Tips are useless.  I had been playing for over 2 hours (8+ combat missions) before I got a couple of the tips on how to do basic things.*Horrible camera system.  Unable to rotate the camera, forcing you to revert to top down view in many areas just to be able to see the hex map behind objects/allies/enemies.*No resource regeneration out of combat.  You can camp to restore Health and Astral points, which isn't bad, but when you hit one of the first major fight areas, you are prevented from camping.  You are forced to use town healers to restore HP out of combat, even if you have 2 mages with healing in your party.  No Astral Point (mana) regeneration outside of combat, even with talents that grant passive Astral Regen per turn, forcing you to use your very expensive Astral Potions to be able to actually use a mage character.*Treating injuries with bandages has a chance to fail (very high chance) outside of combat, and almost useless to try in combat (6% chance of success at first rank).*You are forced to buy belts to be able to carry many items into combat with you, but you are encumbered in combat by ALL the equipment in your bags, even you quest items and camping resources.*Almost no income, with horribly high priced item.  At one point, you are given a large amount of money and told to go to the armorer to get equiped to help defend a town.  The armorer has 1 type of armor, 2 sets of it, and you are given enough to buy 1 piece of equipment.  Not a set, 1 piece.  You have to choose between upgrading a single piece of heavy armor, or to buy Astral and Health potions.*Horrible UI.  Almost no explanations as to what means what, or as to how anything is calculated.  When comparing armor pieces, it does not compare piece to piece, only how it will change your whole, and armor/encumbrance always shows a penalty, even if it is an upgrade.*Horrible combat encounter design.  In many of the fights, all of the mobs will sit back throwing poisoned javelines at you, each of which hits your heavily armored character for 15-30% of his total HP, and also poisons him.  Was forced to use the fighter as a tank, both of my mages as pure healers, while slowly grinding down the mobs hp with my archer (arrows cost a lot, and have weight.  I overmaxed my encumbrance just from provisions, which you need to camp, and arrows alone).*Buff, healing and utility spells have default fail chance, which until you pick of a very very expensive talent, are almost impossible to cast (22% fail chance to heal an ally, 68% chance to fail to dispel a poison with a spell that only dispels poisons, 48% chance to fail to cast a ""wall"" spell, etc).  Combined with no innate astral regen, very low astral point pool and high astral point cost to cast makes playing a mage character feel like your being penalized for playing the game."
,Not Recommended,249650,9935828,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Patrick Mackey,"This is a pretty painfull game. There are a lot of good elements but it is let down by poor game design and cheap battles. If you're after a turn based rpg, buy Shadowrun Returns or Expeditions: Conquistador instead; they are much better games."
,Recommended,249650,14521382,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ballantyne9k,"Instantly in love with this game.  It took a few battles to get the mechanics down but I didn't feel the learning curve was too stiff.  The story is engaging, the battles are fun and the difficulty scales to stay challenging.  I am glad I got this in a Humble Bundle and would have paid full price for it had I known how good it was."
76561198032237009,Not Recommended,249650,10921411,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,avpuli,"I put 84 hours into it and quit with the end in sight.  I love turn based combat, and that kept me going in the linear game.  Combat became more about figuring out the trick to the map, rather than strategic play.  It sadly be came tedious.You only get a clean slate on your own character, and because the way the trainers are laid out you can’t develop your character the way you want, his all ties into the game being very linear.You can’t rotate the camera expect on one axis, which makes some fights awkward.Shield only helps per parry you get, so shields are not that great.Never once saw the point in disarming traps, but spotting them was very important.NPC you build into your party come and go, to me when I specialize a party it is crippling to lose one of its team members.I wanted to love it.  It is a good looking game.  I like the character development, except the trainer availability."
76561197996424523,Not Recommended,249650,12974134,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HerrRossi,The game was fun until I ran into an annoying bug. The character Takate can not learn the sword weapon talent.
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,249650,13253168,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,per.christensen,"Horribly old facioned game spiced with little better than average graphics in this 2014Gameplay is slow, annoying and boring - story is weak and uninspirering and does not seem to get any betterGiving up on this - waste of money"
76561198087870222,Not Recommended,249650,13550781,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,david4nee,"First of all this is a great game...the story is a little slow, but the thinkers among us..its a real phenom. The only problem is that the gladiator sequences of Chapter 2 are so buggy its not worth playing or buying at any price. The developers lack of interest in fixing these problems shows that Blackgaurds 2 or any other game by same will not be in purchased by me.I give this game a real.....very sadly......raspberryIF this is ever fixed i might change my mind"
,Not Recommended,249650,11572810,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Barkie_Mailman,I'd really recommend avoiding this one.  I've already had to delete my game and start from scratch a couple times (which is amazing as I'm only at the beginning!)The game is extremely linear. You can just choose points on a map and your dot travels to that location for a battle. I just made it out of the first city and did the first optional quest (Giant tree monster in the swamp). The fight is literally impossible and it autosaved right at the beginning. Considering I spent quite a bit on this I might try again....but I don't really feel like taking the first optional quest in the game to try and gain some money was such a horrible mistake that I should have saved beforehand.
76561197966935194,Recommended,249650,14170419,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bamboo,"a very nice game, refreshing even.i loved xcom, tried this, not the same but just as fun :)"
,Recommended,249650,13272486,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Joe Blast,"This might be a fun game.I wouldn't know, since no matter what I do the game crashes after I try to create a character.Edit: re-installed the game a couple times. It finally works. Changing to a thumbs up.The combat is hard enough to present a solid challenge, but not so hard that it's unreasonable.You'll miss a lot of attacks that say they have a 95% chance to hit. I feel like the hit chance indicators are inaccurate.Other than that, the game is a ton of fun.If you like turn based, strategic combat then this is worth a play, especially for 80% off."
,Not Recommended,249650,22229424,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,sjlangdon42,i have never seen a game with such a atrocious dificulty curvei i can’t even get half way throo and turn based strategy is my favorite type of game.
,Recommended,249650,7603701,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,skyst,"YO BLACK GUARDS AINT A BAD GAME BUT BROS I GOT ONE MAJOR COMPLAINT WIT THIS TURN BASED STRATERGERY AND I JUST WANNA KNOW WHY IT GOTTA BE BLACKGUARDS.  AN THE REAL SON OF A   ♥♥♥♥♥ OF IOT IS THAT EVERY SINGLE BLACKGUARDF IN THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS WHITE, ALL THE ENEMY TOO I COULDNT EVEN MAKE A BROTHA BLACK GUARD IF I WANTED TO MAYUBE MODDERS WILL FIX IT LIKE HOW THEY CAN TURN THE SPIDERS INTO BEARS IN ELDER ROLLS.  YO U SEE THAT THO?  LIKE IN THE FIRST CAVES IN SKY RIMMZZ IF U MOD IT THAT SPIDER ROOM IS A BUNCH OF BEARS DROPPIN OUT THE CEILING LIKE WU-TANG.  PEACE"
76561198057866525,Recommended,249650,27726717,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,antteale,Mater piece of story telling an asthetic completly unique unlique any other game out ther its a must try.
76561198257105333,Not Recommended,249650,19580556,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,jinjung1234,I can't see my mouse cursor in game!That makes me crazyWhy did I bother to buy that!It's a waste of money and time!
76561198102344404,Recommended,249650,23641210,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Silija,"Its an Interesting game , the story was quite good , all in all i enoyed it , i would reccomend it be it on sale or not."
,Recommended,249650,34247479,Posted: 14 August,all,Persona,"Man, the women who narrates these vidoes sounds sexy. She sounds like she is blonde and likes to dress up in leather then loses her♥♥♥♥♥♥when you forget to call her Mistress.Oh and Blackgaurds is fun, you should play it."
76561198003414986,Recommended,249650,26112157,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Putin,One of best and hardest turn-based games ever.
76561198027064279,Not Recommended,249650,20435955,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,spawn446,"Game play is just ok, terrible script and vioce acting"
,Not Recommended,249650,29152814,Posted: 9 January,all,haskinsj87,Glad I only paid $3... not worth it
,Not Recommended,249650,20396048,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TomQuidd,"Too complex and not very entertaining.Pros: a dense story with very cool characters and a very well built enviromentCons: game system is just too complex and takes research and dedication to realy understand it. Battles lack rythm causing them to become boring after some time, and some of them can take a really long time.Conclusion: it's a beautiful game but it just doesn't serve it's purpose. tottaly do not reccoment."
76561198044169026,Not Recommended,249650,20410305,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Syroc,"I wanted to like this game. I was really, really optimistic. And, if I'm fair, I probably have myself to blame for believing the game description and getting my hopes up. But no, I ended up loathing the game to such an extent that when the last chapter of the story was released I didn't even WANT to find out how the story ended.My main problems are with the story and the combat, which considering how the game bills itself is unforgivable. Both are shallow, boring and slow, which is in no way helped by a quest system and map that seem to conspire to drag things out even more.I will say that the game could be challenging in interesting ways at times.Honestly, if I could refund this game I would do it in a heartbeat."
76561197978117389,Not Recommended,249650,20362842,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,sonc,"Don't bother, awful."
,Not Recommended,249650,13916176,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Trouvist,"As a huge turn-based combat fan, such as the original 3 Fallouts, Wastland 2, XCOM, etc, this game is sorely lacking.  It's far too linear and feels constrained.  I won't play it again, but I'm sure somewhere out there others might like it."
,Recommended,249650,22804531,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Beltane Fires,Absolutely Perfect
,Recommended,249650,8136150,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,1g3L,"Very nice, especially if you like the dark eye."
,Recommended,249650,8007453,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,asinod,Exceptional turn-based tactical combat rpg game. Cannot wait for chapter 3 to be finished!
76561197962885939,Recommended,249650,7909200,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Bricktop,"A labor of love from an indie developer. It's been extremely fun to play, and suitably challenging. Totally worf!"
,Not Recommended,249650,8957495,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Titus Andromedon,Save your ducats.  Give this one a skip.
76561198015250974,Not Recommended,249650,9237436,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Sliven,Fonts and buttons look bad on high resolution displays.
76561197970683990,Not Recommended,249650,8926517,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Dorque,"Calling this a tactical RPG is insult to all the real Tactics games that came before it.  The combat is from Heroes of Might and Magic.  Flat hex map walk towards each other and swing, over and over.  90% of the skills are useless (spend points on being able to see the hit chance of the guy I'm swinging at anyway, or spend points on +1 to hit), and the 3d20 skill system may be novel for the RPG this is based on but here it is just opaque and weird.   Going straight from battle to battle is actually a good thing, so don't fault it for not being the JRPG it is not.  But boring battles and boring equipment and boring skills in a Tactics game is a bad thing.  I'm going to go play Disgaea to wash out my brain."
76561198032104799,Not Recommended,249650,9006421,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,jullianwoods,"I want to start off by saying that despite its many apparent flaws there is something that I find deeply compelling about this game.  The battle system is pretty good, you have quite a few options during combat and the interactive battlefields add a layer of fun and somewhat fresh gameplay.My primary gripe with Blackguards is the difficulty.  To say that Blackguards is a challenging game is an understatement, but I feel that the way that Blackguards challenges you is a bit contrived and ultimately kind of cheap.  I've played difficult games in which I've lost or barely won a battle and have walked away thinking ""wow that was a good fight"".  In Black Guards if I lose I usually feel like I've been robbed.  You constantly miss spells and attacks and the enemy constantly connects whether you're fighting a semi-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ goblin, a backstabbing rogue or a giant tree.  And the dire situations that you are placed in again and again suggest to me that you're not so much a group of badasses so much as you are really gullible and kind of incompetent.    The main character feels really generic.  Pretty much everyone or everything that you encounter seems better suited for combat than the protaganist.  And so far I don't feel like the four playable characters that I have encountered live up to the name Blackguards.  They actually seem like relatively nice guys.  When I saw the name Blackguards I got excited because I had assumed that I would be taking on the roles of the Lannisters from GOT.  Instead it feels more like I've signed on with the Partridge family.  I've only  played a few hours so far and I'm not giving up on the game entirely just yet, but that's mostly because of the price tag.  This is not a 40 dollar game and I would not recommend that anyone pay that much to play this.I work as a merchant sailor and I am literally stuck on a boat for the next month so I will be playing on.  If I get to a point in the gameplay in which I feel that my assesment was premature or unfair I will return to humbly apologize and I sincerely hope that, that happens."
76561198058038005,Not Recommended,249650,8922044,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Walrus Dentist,a GREAT disappointment. The game barely even attempts to explain the character progression and skill tree and if you spend AP on skills or stats that do not do what you want you are severely disadvantaged down the line; with the potential need to restart the game entirely. I should not need to have intimate knowledge of a table top RPG to play this game. The game had considerable potential but it's incredibly poorly executed.
76561197966767246,Not Recommended,249650,8969906,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,x[EC],"Honest, the Demo plays better then the full game!Not an original idea in the whole game! Bugs a plenty too.The game is a complete mess and there is no fixing it.Sorry but the best thing I can say is its only $40."
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,249650,8972395,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"kinda like a bad balders gate, unreasonably difficult because of the lack of information about WTF is going on, I tried and tried to like this but I just end up yelling at the game for being so unreasonable."
,Not Recommended,249650,9824677,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Neon1024,"It's a pretty crappy game. The visuals are okay, but the gameplay is lacking and underwhelming. Overall, there are better RPG's to play."
,Recommended,249650,16004920,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,bryna3,Its a simple form RPG.Fun.
76561198073355530,Recommended,249650,15286880,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,=L.Y=Color,Funny play.
76561197970787207,Recommended,249650,7869995,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Target,"Top Notch!Easy to get into, and too addictive to put down!"
76561198058082880,Recommended,249650,7838313,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fuck you Javier,The game is fun but combat leaves much to be desired. The damage of the characters are never consistant and good items are just too expensive. But overall a pretty awesome game.
76561198118767819,Recommended,249650,8736171,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ungrim,Really good turnbased rpg... loads of fun!
76561198085422810,Not Recommended,249650,12334021,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Hatebringer,It took 26 hours to play until deleted.Iam Turn Based RPG fan.I really wanted to play Blackguards but game is unbalanced.Some fights are too hard and some classes are too weak.For example your mage's mana becomes zero after 3-4 spell cast and u need 1 turn to drink mana pot and mana pots are too expensive.Another example; there was a fight which there are 6 zombies and zombies were immune swords and bows.After 2-3 tries i just deleted game and i will never play again.I recommend you go play another game dont waste your money and time at Blackguards.
,Recommended,249650,23018074,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Not Recommended,249650,28418244,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,littledirtyjoe,Never get this game
76561197987185416,Not Recommended,249650,19830953,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Dark Smear,''its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥'
76561197993376396,Not Recommended,249650,13605720,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Zaanus,"I played this through to the end, but I'd have a hard time recommending it even to fans of the genre.  I'm just stubborn, but the gameplay was gimmicky and tedious.  The UI and quest tracking left a lot to be desired.  Your characters stop progressing in power about half way through the game, after that it's just rounding them out.There was almost something here, but not quite."
76561197993042548,Not Recommended,249650,29919690,Posted: 14 February,all,naylor667,I pity the fool who spends 30 quid on this game
76561198012246838,Recommended,249650,15672696,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Legion,Great game
,Not Recommended,249650,13075452,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mar,"I wanted so badly to fall in love with this game. First off, I should say that this game is actually beautiful. The graphics are exactly what you would want in this type of game. However, the gameplay, skill system, characters, etc. all blow. They really dropped the ball on this one. Well everyone but their graphics developers. If this game were to be like Civ, or Even a JRPG it may be better, but the click here for storyline campaign idea was awful."
76561197969467785,Not Recommended,249650,12465035,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,@KeiJiN,"Go forward, buy stuff, kill the monster, no exploration, no optimization, no rpg, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skill system, nothing."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,249650,9385601,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"This game is just terrible.Shame because the looks and ui and the feel of it all is topnotch.The problem lays in the balance, there is no way to go around and level up and get better gear, except to do the linear preset battles, terrible design. BUT the real problem lays in the fact that you are too weak, cant afford the items they have for sale etc, close to starting you will find yourself against lots of Lice , just one can take you out, but you deal best around 10damage, so do they, but there are lots of them, you can take a couple down but thats it, and that is on easy mode.The game is really hard even on easy mode, a good game wasted, i feel like shooting the brainless devs.Do not bother, if you do dont say you was not warned. Check the forum first for a true insight.Avoid this one and the devs no nothing about balance etc.Also if you play on a high resolution, forget it, i run on a 2560x1080 monitor and even that isnt supported."
,Recommended,249650,22698844,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mr. Miyagi,"If you aren't a little twatwaffle that hates anything resembling a challenge - but LOVE tactics-bassed combat, RP driven narrative, and a beautifully written story-line (which is NOT your typical weeaboo animoo trash power of friendship BS) - then this game is for YOU!BUT, if you hate challenges, just go away now; This game is not made for the masters of easy mode - and as you will notice, all of the bad reviews and general gripes all go back to the game being too challenging and not letting you become an OP god.""NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIL!Tell these noobs to go hoooooome..."""
76561197974423604,Not Recommended,249650,12873460,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,rickstir09,"Linear, repetitive and eventually boring. I expected more from a recent title release, but this one felt dated and done many times before."
,Not Recommended,249650,9405799,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,TheGreatGooglyMoogly,Wall of text help system. Bad camera positioning ruins combat. Even simple battles take so long making this one really boring game. As for the story.. its Skyrim. 3 out of 10.
,Not Recommended,249650,32547231,Posted: 18 June,all,BunnieNoiz,[Blackguards]I dislike the storyline since you can't make decisions.Totally hated it in the very beginning because I SAVED THE FREAKING GIRL BUT THEY THOUGHT I KILLED HER =.=
,Recommended,249650,19927830,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jehan,Good game...
76561198032339106,Not Recommended,249650,31586428,Posted: 6 May,all,Elvis,Was getting random crashes and couldn't get a refund.
76561198081258457,Not Recommended,249650,32087007,Posted: 31 May,all,TrisKeLion,Cant rebind shortcuts
,Not Recommended,249650,14784825,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,falloutgod13,"This is possibly the ugliest modern indie game I have had the displeasure of playing in a very long time. Everything from the sound mix to the graphics, down to the skid-mark brown art style. The only reconciliation is that I purchased when it was packaged with other junk and highly discounted. I highly recommend you do some research and watch some videos before buying this. If it wasn't so expensive I'd give this as a gift to people I don't like. It's so bad it makes me want to punch puppies and burn kittens. I mean it is just utterly atrocious. To put all that into context, it should be noted that I enjoy games like NEOScavenger. So yeah, don't buy this game unless your'e a masochist. The only darkness and gritiness here is the quality of development. I'm fairly certain they just dragged their taint accross the keyboard a few times and shipped it as a game.(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
,Recommended,249650,18217713,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kosh,"Bad graphic, poor tactic, strange story.Why recommended then? Hardcore!I mean it's really hard to complete. You will play, died, died, and died again. And play!6 turns for saving girl among enemies and 5 turns you need for move? Easy!Fight against almost immortal dwarf? Pff, not so hard as some missions."
76561198122951851,Not Recommended,249650,25889470,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,olmorsan,"The game is bad. Level designer is (bad language) and should be prohibited from making any game or anything which include brain activity as he clearly doesn't have one. I'm not going to count all stupidity of the game here. In short: most times it's frustrating and unfriendly to control and as I said designs of some levels just terrible. Don't buy it even on sale as I did, you will waste your time playing it. Want to feel like you're playing this game? Grab bunch of dies and throw them few times, it's easy like this. So in the end it's not so much important how you develop your characters most of the times result of the battle will depend on dies. Once again: don't buy this game!"
,Recommended,249650,15448754,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Roy,Dark souls of strategic genre.
76561198082247228,Not Recommended,249650,13651656,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Riaghal,Game freezes every ten minutes. Seems like it would be a very fun game.
,Not Recommended,249650,26682682,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SeekerOD,Waste of money.
76561198047286746,Not Recommended,249650,12297326,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,asdfkj,"could not get past the 1st hour, controls are terrible."
76561198010886229,Not Recommended,249650,9274476,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,-bZ-HeavyDuty,Really old linear storyline style play.  Only one direction for the story.  Really boring old technology.  If you pay more than 15 dollars for this game you have overpaid.
76561198087979217,Not Recommended,249650,33485718,Posted: 12 July,all,KnightGalavant,"Welcome great hero! Oh wait, you're no hero, you been wrongly accused and your world is threatened. It now lies in your hands with a bands of misfits and criminals to save the world! This game is dark. TOO DARK. Coupled that with a boring story and a lackluster battle system, it all goes downhill.Battles are based on luck and your characters' attack are more than likely to miss even if chance is high that it will hit. Furthermore, story is linear based, boring, and lack any real depth. Add in those awful voices,...this game is not recommended."
,Not Recommended,249650,22743394,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Energonchi,"This game is frusturatiing difficult and its hard to not to die in this air lifting Rpg Game!the game wouldve been a sightseeing masterpiece but the developers wanted to make this gamehard as garnled nails in your spiny back!Local hero gamers wouldnt even play this,they rahter play skyrim or some other fantasy noveling game!Considering arguably managable quickest ascent gameplay!The game isnt top knotched for your chambliss wallet,i rather destroy the game,and burn it on recoil flames then play this ever again love the burrito master"
76561197970309850,Not Recommended,249650,10814446,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,billy,"i regret buying the game at 50% off . I enjoyed the first chapter then it got a bit tedious , it seemed a game designed to make sure you had no fun. I love turn based tactical games and i dont think i've ever played one i didnt enjoy before.character develpoment and advancemet is dreadful , worst of any RPG or CRPG i've ever played , It's so boring and mundane. There's an illusion of freedom but really you just stick to a few skills and spells that are clearly miles better , if you dont you end up with useless underpowered skills and characters.I think i am still using the same 1 skill with my melee and archer characters 10 hours into the game and the same 2 spells on my casters. There's just not enough variety to the game. In another 10 hours i probably be using the same 2 skills. Thats not enough depth for a tactical game or an RPG.As an RPG it is without doubt poor but i expected that and assumed the tactical combat would make up for it , it didnt , the combat was worse than i expected and that is the reason i eventually got bored of clicking the same 2 buttons and stopped playing"
76561197969448553,Not Recommended,249650,22469058,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tom Sawyer,"Sorry, couldn't get more than an hour in.  Just not good."
76561198006183988,Not Recommended,249650,8824999,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,jwberg,Terribble game. Very poorly executed gameplay
76561198004067034,Not Recommended,249650,8834200,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Easy,Completely botched.
76561198289072413,Not Recommended,249650,26614845,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,EricaBurn,"Maybe good game for someone, but not for me..."
76561198241421228,Not Recommended,249650,31572566,Posted: 5 May,all,SillyRabbit,Beware: this game is rubbish.Got it on sale for super cheap. Still not worth it. Avoid.
76561198017014543,Not Recommended,249650,9786011,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,PeriPlan,:( cheap copy of xcom in a different world. bad graphics and poor gameplay.
76561198031136337,Recommended,249650,21555525,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,(SGiP) God-Run Sky-Man,Daedalic Entertainment
76561198007227242,Not Recommended,249650,18425944,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,BigBadYoda,"Another entry for the Thank-you-German-Game-Developers award. The game does not even start. I tried every little thing from 5 different forums. Nothing. Crashes on start. So afterGothicGothic 2Gothic 3The GuildThe Guild 2etcyet nother reason to never buy games from Germany ever again. Pains me, as I am from Germany. But I guess bug fixing and quality assurance do not exist for German game developers. Refund requested."
76561198045857670,Not Recommended,249650,9807401,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,vulzscht,"Well, there are games you like to play, just games, and not games at allBlackguards is the last one kind for meNeither Heroes, nor Dragon Age, and nor Diablo/Dungeon Siege/TorchlightSomething more closely to mix of Heroes (turn-based) and Assasing Creed/Dishonored/Thief (In logic, mainly - Agh, I should use water arrow here to turn off light and hide in the dark)All you do in Blackguards is running on the battlefield with only one though - ""Hell, hell, hell! Where is this magic lever that kills all my enemies? Faster, I have only one XP. Agh, already zero""As mentined, first time playing is blind - there is no understanding or planning how to develop character even after tutorial. Due to reason above, character page seems to be useless for the game at all.Playing as mage is awful. You have 2 places on belt, already used these mana potions and out of mana again. What next? Go to close combat (for mage!) or wait for 50 turns to recover your mana. Ridiculous.So don't even try if you want to relax a bit with your favourite game. This one is not of this kind."
76561198055755835,Not Recommended,249650,11833394,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Árni Þór,If you like a good game than don't buy this one.
76561198063434135,Not Recommended,249650,23570088,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Garouhop,This game dont work ...♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,249650,17281556,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"A non-biased quick look @ the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrU3b1p3oQ8What happens when the only hope of a threatened world lies not with heroes in shining armor, but in the hands of a band of misfits and criminals? Blackguards, a new turn-based strategy RPG, explores this very question. You will discover over 180 unique hex-based battlegrounds within a dark and mature story of crime, drugs, and murder.Play as a warrior, mage or hunter and customize your character's skills as you see fit. The challenging campaign delivers a story of doubt, treason and loss. You decide the course of the story at key turning points and determine its outcome. - Recommended!"
76561197977165692,Not Recommended,249650,12720492,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Tjaranis,"so first of game is extremely liniar, doesnt do anything we havent seen before and it does everything worse then we have seen before...secondly which idiot thought it was a good idea in an RPG to keep on taking away ALL the players gear?....seriously!! i have only played for 5 hours now and because of ""plot sht"" all my gear have been stripped from all the chars 3 times untill now -.-it is infuriating when its an RPG with focus on finding gear that the design keeps on stripping all your gear away -.-when that is said there really isn't much too it, everything is very generic and not very well made...anyway the gear stripping was what really got me to rage quit at the end -.- (scenario: so dwarfs refuse to interact with you unless you allow them to drug you and steal all your gear (first of seriously who came up with the ""either get drugged or they aint talking to you""-.- the fact you got no other choice and cant continue the quest if you dont is completely stupid...)), then all your gear is stripped for the third time and now you have to fight fully geared people on their terms -.- seriously... soooooooooooo annoying....i can't recommand such bad design decisions to any one..."
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,249650,12396668,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Scribbles,"this game is hilariously poorly optimized. there's a massive character creation bug, stupidly small text (indicating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev team), and a lack of graphics options.avoid this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198016338339,Not Recommended,249650,25278066,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Grooves,Masochistic game .. just punch yourself in the face it will equal the amount of fun you will have.
76561198015292590,Not Recommended,249650,26002332,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Michaeliberty,I felt really let down.........n stuff
76561198007690852,Recommended,249650,24749941,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Daedalus,Great game.
76561197970733409,Not Recommended,249650,8637846,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,GoriKarafong,"I was really looking forward to this game and it makes a lot of things good. But I actually do not even care about telling you the good stuff, because: It is way unbalanced. There are fights you can take on (early in the game) which are only possible to win with good luck. I may not be the best player but this game is way too much masochism to be any fun.I am really sorry for this game, and dont blame the early access, as this is a basic gameplay decission and it was a bad one. Spare your money."
76561198016225778,Not Recommended,249650,8276364,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,noblefriend1983,"Lame game.. Took away my strongest character by drugging her and killing her in the toughest fight.. Then making me protect an NPC with 15 health while fighting loads of enemies who self-destuct and a boss.. I played on easy and had to restart and restart and restart and restart and restart.. You call this EASY???!!! Get dragon's age or xcom ppl.. This game is frustrating.. Tutorial is bad.. Dice rolls usually favor the computer.. Can't farm to make my characters stronger.. Lame equipments with no stats.. Constantly strip you naked and put you against ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ odds.. If I can't complete the game on easy unless I have to replay/restart the whole damn game and build my character strictly based on some cookie cutter build to progress the game past the tough fights, then this game is dead to me.."
76561198012210441,Not Recommended,249650,8233379,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Johnny Danger,"WASTE OF MONEY! Wait for the full version and hope they add in more stuff.No character customization, you get 5 hair & face options to pick from, which is unacceptable. Sorry but not everyone wants to be ""white guy with an epic beard"". Blond hair & beard? Short brown hair and beard? Stylized brown hair & beard? Way to limiting for my tastes. At least give me the option to get rid of the beard. Especially with WAY better games out there like Fire Emblem or Dragon Age: Origins, this is a bad choice. Combat: While I do enjoy the combat, you miss WAY WAY to much which will flat out turn players off. I thought XCOM has some bad RNGs but this takes the taco. I got this on a flash sale for $12 and I pretty much want my money back. With games on the way like Divinity Original Sin, Wastland 2, Leige, and Dead State, this will be passed over and flat out forgotten. I may go back to it after they release a patch or two but right now, playing anything over $10 is a waste of your money. You're better off saving that cash for Wasteland 2 or Divinity."
76561198067694147,Not Recommended,249650,8225816,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Piikki,"Game offers very little tactical possibilities. There seems to be lot of choice, but basically most of the choices are useless as are mage and hunter class. Especially mage is very weak and requires astral points to cast spells that most of the time miss the targets anyway.RPG elements of the game are poorly made and feels very clumsy. I usually like RPG games and especially turn based tactical games, but this was a huge dissapointment and I would not recommend this to anyone who expects certain quality from their purchases."
76561198003381418,Not Recommended,249650,8359670,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Yout Elling,"This game is so unbalanced its not even funny. I have nothing against a challenge but this is just torture, and its too bad I had really high hopes for this game."
76561198067589514,Not Recommended,249650,12647169,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Dirty Dingus Magee,Imagine looking your children in the eye and having to admit that you were responsible for this mess.
,Not Recommended,249650,8520690,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Jaal,Impossible to launch this game. No help/no response from the support.
,Not Recommended,249650,29442206,Posted: 23 January,all,Darramouss,"Misleading title, all of the guards featured are white."
,Recommended,249650,7685421,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Jack Meta,"I'm really enjoying this game, even in early-access. It still needs some polish, but it is very impressive at its current stage. The characters, while not very deep during Chapter 1 (only chapter available yet, of 5), are still very fun and you get a good sense of their personalities through their dialogue and opinions on the situations. I see a lot of potential with this game. The combat can be a little shallow at the moment, ending up with just moving across the battlefields and attacking/healing as necessary, but I also have not acquired many of the bountiful skills available. Plenty of skills available, but the game does not hold your hand; acquiring and saving the necessary points is definitely part of the challenge and not unwelcome. While it definitely isn't paced to have you being dragonslayers within the first few hours, it isn't overly difficult either. A few battles required multiple tries from me, but only because I was trying to reach bonus objectives in the alloted time. I've burnt through other SRPGs and got bored within the first few hours of playing, but this game has just enough flavor and interest to keep me coming back to the well for more. It is not a AAA title by any means, but an impressive soundtrack, very believable voice-acting and dialogue, and earnest, hard work prove to be more than any flash and bang a mainstream title would use. Once again, very impressed with the quality of this product. I am in it for the longhaul now, and very interested to see where this (and possible future titles) go. Bravo."
76561198117760235,Not Recommended,249650,30536751,Posted: 15 March,all,Skarp Hulduson,"3/5 Right on the fence between recommend or not, I chose not because of the game's very poor support of Mac graphics, which made it an epic challenge to get the game running initially and renders the Steam overlay unusable. Combine this with its comandeering of the OS — no alt-tabs here — and it is a largely unpleasant gaming experience.On the plus side, if you are a fan of tactical turn-based strategy RPG (very light on the RP), and are running Windows (you fool!) then go for it.All in all, I'd say take the advice of Rock, Paper, Shotgun: give Blackguards a pass and save up your money for Blackguards 2."
,Not Recommended,249650,19467150,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lost Gremlin,Cumbersome.
,Not Recommended,249650,19589615,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TheNecromencer,They really ♥♥♥♥ed basic RPG mechanics. Line of sight is the worst I've ever seen in any game and does'nt let do anything. Enemy turn takes hours (especially if there are zombies.) And you will be lucky if your mages are not dead or perma-knockdown before their first turn.
76561198018060811,Not Recommended,249650,19661688,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Guyver_UK,"can't think of anything nice to say hate the game. not enough areas to explore and get stuff, at the start of the game. the combat feels like it's always on the AI's side. really wish i had got icewind dale"
,Not Recommended,249650,19582289,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Entola,"Forced myself to finish this game. While it hooked me early on, I found the storyline and mechanics to lose their appeal after a while. That's not to say I didn't like the game. I give this game a firm meh. It's a middle of the road game with some nice tactical mechanics and decent storyline, but I can't recommend it."
76561198046844683,Not Recommended,249650,19676046,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,nhodge,"I really wanted to like this game.  It was OK until Chapter 5, then became so difficult (even on ""Easy"" mode) that I found myself repeatedly re-loading combats.  Eventually I gave up on the game.  Way to difficult."
76561198029957037,Not Recommended,249650,20657399,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,שחקן הבית,to scripted
76561197980328361,Not Recommended,249650,20688076,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,bricmpt,"Great graphics, good dialogue.  Decent story.  Great skill selection.Two things ruin it for me:1. Not able to customise keys. (I have a disability and use a trackball which has no wheelso there is no way for me to change the camera angle.  Minor issue.)2. Difficulty.  The current trend of overly-difficult games is at work here.  I have zero interset in searching forums for tips or reading an online manual to tell me how to play.  Doing homework is not fun.  Games I can pick up and play are fun. So, this game is not fun.  If you are a ""gamer"" who likes doing research maybe this is for you."
,Recommended,249650,11858071,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,shoryu_420_allday_erryday,So. Much. Fun.Love the AP-based character building system and turn-based combat. Somebody plays GURPS!
76561198047087709,Recommended,249650,11859450,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,LEO,VERY GOOD ! MUITO BOM !BEST TURNED-GAME  I HAVE ALREADY PLAYED .100
76561197986881701,Recommended,249650,11852028,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,T1000,If you can handle the D&D Style skill tree you will love this game. If you can't work out the complexity you will have a hard time.
,Recommended,249650,11854458,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Basil,"By and large, the ratio of fun had to eviscerated animals scattered around my living room was positive. Would devour prairie dogs in an optional boss battle enduced rage again!"
76561198007251417,Recommended,249650,11682012,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Scamandrius,"Blackguards is a turn-based strategy game with strong RPG elements, rather like XCOM but with a much greater variety of character customization. (Though it has a reasonable story, you might be disappointed if you're looking for an RPG. It isn't open world, there aren't many meaningful story choices for you to make, and there isn't much customization available for your character's appearance.)The campaign is reasonably long, though the game doesn't feel repetitive thanks to reasonably varied fight scenarios and win-conditions. Early problems with bugged quests and translation issues from the original German seem mostly resolved at this point (I only noticed some spelling errors in the English version and had no problems with bugged quests.)Common complaints about the game focus on numerous loading screens and an unintuitive UI. I found the UI fairly easy to pick up myself, only issuing incorrect commands once or twice. Though there are a lot of loading screens between scenarios, each one lasted only 1-3 seconds for me so they didn't detract from my experience. People playing on systems using HDDs rather than SSDs may find the loading screens take longer and so are more annoying, though.I was worried by the relatively low Metacritic score for this game, but I'm glad I wasn't deterred. If you like single-player, turn-based strategy games that put you in control of a small group of specialized combatants, you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,249650,11685816,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,godsmackrrc,"In a nut-shell, you'' definetely like Blackguards if you are into turn-based, hex-based linear tactical RPGs. For one, i do!The combat is nicely done and obviously the strong point of the game - it works, and keeps you challenged (at least, up to now).The graphics are nice, but a little too cartoon-ish for my taste (and for the atmosphere the game tries to create).The story is good enough to carry you from chapter to chapter, although it's a little obvious in its twists.There are obviously a few cons as well:- The biggest minus for me it's the inventory, and the way it works. You don't get a clear comparison between your equipped item and another one, in your pack or at a vendor - this alone makes choosing weapons a nuisance at later stages. The inventory also becomes cluttered extremely easy.- Also a minus is the auto saving system. The game makes it that, quite a few times, you have to fight battle after battle, without possibility of resting&healing. And the autosave saves as you enter a new battle. This means that, if you don't take extra care, you'll end up (it happened to me once) in a position i hate most in RPGs - making some bad decisions in a 3rd-in-a-row battle, i had no chance of winning the 4th. And the autosave was only for the 4th. So i had to restart not only the 3 battles before, but the whole branch of the chapter (a lot of dialogue and cinematics included) - and i hate remaking choices i already made, listening to the same lines over and over again etc. They should have made an auto save for each battle, and an autosave for entering a chain of events/battles - this way, you can restart the fights without restarting the story itself.Anyway, all in all, is a nice game (and i bought it during a sale) - so i give it 7.5/10."
,Recommended,249650,13234120,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dragonbrand,I liked this game. The story was engaging and the mechaincs worked well. The only negative for me was the length of the story.
76561198121718704,Recommended,249650,23699967,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Jabobomb,"Blackguards is one of the best games i have played in this style. Its characters are superb, and in depth combat system that is also quite simple if you dont look into it that far, it has great scenery and graphics, and to top it all off it has a great lore and map. The whole amnesia thing doesn't annoy you as much as it does in many other games because you get to play through most of it learning as you go along just enough that it drip feeds your imagination of what will come next."
,Recommended,249650,23672678,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,[SC] Makuta's Revenge,"This game has kept me interested for hours and hours of play.  The different scenarios forcing you to use different stragies, defeating you over and over, then finding a different strategy to kick it in the dirt is so satisfying.  The game allows you to build characters in any which way, whether you wanna shoot at the baddies from afar with bows and crossbows, or be a complete juggernaut and get your hands dirty with beefy armor and an axe.  Some features might cause the game to be a little too easy after a while, such as massive gold accumulation making cheap healing outside of combat very convenient.  Even so, this game is a great one to check out and play around with."
,Not Recommended,249650,18956287,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,sightless.seepra,"I played till the end and it wasn't a bad trip, but there are some points that annoyed me.Broken achievements the most.I'm a achievement hunter and this games is so full of bugs concerning achievements it made me crazy. (20% !!)You just can't get them.Some achievement don't even make sense!! Why would I upgrade every spell to 10?! Why not 8 where you get to the next level of the spell?! Getting all spells up to 10 is a HUGE waste of EP!?Same with teaching a character all weapon types. Why would I do that?! That's just stupid!Why would I upgrade character specifics that are only good for a mage or a warrior?Second, is there really much of alterning the storyline? Because they tried to act like it but it seems to me that is rubbish.Fighting system was fun and okay, but it is true that there should have been a little bit more variety of enemies and also goals.The story... well, could have been better. A bit confusing and in the end I don't really know what we needed that big word we searched so long for... what ever.I bought the game cheap and I would do it again, but don't buy it for the regular price, it isn't that good."
76561197970278929,Not Recommended,249650,20630876,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ranapoid,"My favourite part of this game was replaying the same battle 50 times because a spell fails even with a ""93%"" chance of succeeding, and without a perfect turn you just get ground into the dirt (I'm looking at you lizards and your crystal).You are RNG's ♥♥♥♥♥ and this game will punish you with near constant spell fails and a brutal difficulty curve.Divinity Original Sin is a better game in every single respect.  Play that instead."
76561198030744400,Not Recommended,249650,20694294,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,spag7241,"Just so much failure in this game. I really wanted to like it, but it just does so many things just wrong. Everything is ridiculously expensive, there is zero immersion. For example my guys all have crappy torches, and we have had crappy torches for well over an hour, killing guys with axes and swords. When we defeat said guys, you'd think we get a sword right? NOP! Still stuck with the crappy torches! And still can't afford 1 crappy hand axe, which the game seems to value at 13 gold! These developers are clueless at both medieval history and game balance (a hand axe would NEVER cost anywhere that much) !  Oh, and then the game wants to kill gigantic troll with your crap weapons! It's like the game is trolling you! I didn't even mention that almost everything to do in this game can just fail as it does nothing and waste your turn. It seems the way the developers want you to  get through this game is to save scum your way through, just hope you hit the all the monsters all the time and load if you don't! How fun!  This game is just a package of false promises that ends in dashed hopes and shame; just stay away."
,Recommended,249650,21904347,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Nthar,"Skill progression was awesome with quite a bit of freedom (Its even  better  on the second game).  Story  wasnt bad,  even though  you dont have  any real choices to make. Game  mechanics  pretty  straightforward without any bugs (that  I could   tell). 8/10 would recommend  :D"
76561198031486819,Recommended,249650,17882599,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Explorer,"Two hours into this game and I like it... :)Has it's design problems, but overallnot so much to prevent me from enjoying it's gameplay.Thumbs Up!"
76561198032623014,Not Recommended,249650,31489727,Posted: 1 May,all,sonofanu,"The devs' heart is in the right place here. I tried really hard to like it, but nope.A lot of the mechanics are fun, the story and characters are not bad, but the core gameplay - the combat - just isn't doing it for me. Equipment choices are bland and fighting is tedious.That being said I'm willing to see what they've learned from this one and give BG2 a go."
76561198036494887,Recommended,249650,23408780,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,gabrielgarcezabreu,"Edit: So, the problem below was fixed, I didnt change anything, just my windows version, its 10 now, and i could finnaly get past the fight that was freezing in chapter 4, so i[m changing it to positive and will talk a little bit about the game.First I want to say that the review was negative because i was really sad I couldnt finish the game, that is to say I was loving it, now I intend to finish.The game is great, really good Character Creation, thats the main feature for me, really complex at first, so read a guide, but it only means they didnt dumb it down to appeal to the general public, hence the mixed reviews. but once you understand it and get used to it it is clear what a work of art it is, the people who created it are master RPG designer and i would love to see a table top RPG system created by them.I even feel bad for leaving a bad review for so long, sorry about that devs. And keep up the good work. I even bought their complete collection even though i already had this game, so it was not optimal, but some great games there too. i didnt have time to try the second BG yet but i hope its as good as this one.- old negative review-the game is awesome, no doubt about it, perfect RPG.but it freezes my entire system after one specific fight in chapter 4, it´s really disappointing not beeing able to finish the game because of that, i have all the recomended system requirements, but loading takes too long and this one cutscene appears to be requiring more memory than recomended. i dont know...seems like many people are having these sort of problemsbut i´ll change my review to positive if someone helps me fix it"
,Recommended,249650,28573763,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jenn_geoffroy,"Fun game overall, pleasant enough to play - and quite longer than I originally expected - but didn't like it enough to throw myself onto the second installment. I might wait for it to be on sale. For the time invested, the ending felt rushed and not all that satisfactory, but overall game still gets the thumbs up.I remember when this initially came out awhile back that people were going on about the darkness of the anti-heroes, the crudeness of the dialogue, almost juvenile humor, etc. Maybe years of playing the Witcher games have heightened (or is that lowered) my tolerance bar, but nothing in Blackguards even raised my eyebrow. In fact, rather than being the EDGY ANTI-HEROES that seem be everywhere these days, it was kind of relaxing to find out that my party were just a bunch of losers, with a lazy, whiny main character, a dwarf who is possibly nuts and most certainly an arsonist, a philandering wizard, and that's just to start with. Rather than choices that are downright eeeeeevil, you mainly get the choice between being a cold-hearted pragmatist or a bit more charitable, which works great. Voice acting was quite good for the price and the type of games, and the graphics, well, they are what they are, I don't mind (honorable mention goes to the fire effects which may be the prettiest I've seen in ANY game at ANY price tag.)I didn't find the combat to be as intense, strategic or engaging as Original Sin, but it was satisfying enough. The lauded interactive elements were for the most part useless when the surest, easiest strategy (on Normal, anyway) was to fall back, put my tanks in front of my glass cannons, hop the former up with all the buffs I could lay on, and let rip. But the game would fairly frequently throw a curve ball to shake things up; some fights have limited turns before you lose an optimal victory condition, others force you to move forward with ever-spawning enemies or poison gas. There was enough variety that it never got too repetitive or boring, though obviously some of the fights are going to feel annoying or unfair, or leave you way too open for the revenge of the RNG demon.Conclusion: I feel no rush to play this again, but I have no regrets buying it in the first place."
76561197996979104,Recommended,249650,28605481,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,RoleMartyrX,"First of all this game does not deserve the mixed reviews it has received.  I've been a fan of CRPGs since the days of Might and Magic.  Maybe it's the nostalgia of the Dark Eye ruleset that reminds me of games like Star Trail, which even with its flaws I love. I cannot understand some of the complaints I've heard here. I find the battle difficulty perfect. I know this may turn some people off, but I love it. I typically play all of my RPGs on the hardest settings. I play this on normal. There is an easy mode if you need. It's understandable. That said everytime I'm frustrated I put it down, come back to it later, and succeed.  I will say that I restarted once because given the difficulty I was unhappy with how I had planned out my characters. Let me also say that I am happy there was not a ""respec"" option.Pros:Feels like a classic CRPGSuperb characters and voice actingGreat truly tactical combat systemSuprisingly mature storyline and writingLengthy - some might see this as a flaw, I love itCons:Limited character creation/customization optionsUninteresting and simple models/textures for armor/charactersA few bugs, some graphical, at least one gameplayNote: For those complaining about the RNG, please remember that the mother of all RPGs D&D is a dice game. Get over it.TLDR:Great game worth the 4$ or whatever it is in the store right now. I would have bought it for much more. I can't wait to start the sequel."
,Recommended,249650,28740272,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spral,"I feel bad for saying this...I could not finish this gamebecauseof its story. It felt to slow, and the characters to flat.But the combat is solid!There are better reviews than mine out there, so go read them."
,Recommended,249650,30988278,Posted: 6 April,all,Ankhgaming,"I highly enjoyed this game. I've read over a few of the other reviews and i'm seeing a trend - the game is hard to the point of unfair. While there are some very challenging fights in the game I only ran into a couple actually took more than one attempt.If you want to see a bit of the game play you can click through my let's play of the game.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLV4VR6BqqFu4dMvMwv_uo5V-WjivoYUYmThe combat was fun, challenging, and character development was fair. Your characters do need to specialize but that's part of a party building strategy game. Cover your weaknesses, develope battle plans, and execute. When a plan doesn't work you reassess and start again. Personally I felt the story was very weak but the gameplay is solid."
76561198062151901,Not Recommended,249650,28736392,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,asselinjerome,Feels Like an old game. Using ability takes forever; bad attack menu. No presentation of caracter or the world. Always too weak for the fight and I don't know how to get XPs. oh wait I found a place where I can get XPs. ohh I get my♥♥♥♥♥kick with the lower level... wtf? Don't buy game.Good potentiel but it fails...
,Not Recommended,249650,28982585,Posted: 3 January,all,Crazyi,"I have mixed feelings on this game. I got it on sale and would recommend it as such, but this game is not worth 40$.Nothing in this game is bad except for the UI, but nothing is good either. Nothing impressed me at all. The spell system having 3 stats associated to every spell just doesn't make sense. I need strength for magic? Wait what? Okay it would make sense if its a force push or something maybe that fits right? Well one of them creates and arcane wall, the other is a debuff. How is that associated to strength at all?Most irritating part is some fights are just not properly balanced. There is one fight I spent over an hour on, had the moves mapped to a science, and just needed the RNG to connect. If you let the guy hit you on the second turn and poison you, you simply cannot win. So one companion has to move the perfect amount of tiles away from the enemy so it will chase him, while the other moves away and shoots at the non poisoning opponent. Kiting of this level doesn't have a place in a game like this. When I have to take my tank and run him in circles to not die, I feel like the developers missed something...  And to put it in perspective, I have the best armor and stats possible at the current place for a tank, and he cannot tank nor do I even consider him ""tanky"". Your shield will add a lot to your parry, but you can only parry once per turn turn so what is the point? My mage honestly has just as good of a chance to survive as he does wearing cloth without a shield.I love games like this, and this one just doesn't shine enough for me to recommend it over what is out there. As I said I don't feel it is bad, but I am not finishing the game."
76561198045512003,Recommended,249650,29990692,Posted: 17 February,all,peddroelm,"Another example of a great (in places) game putting off players do to poor presentation of core game mechanics to player base / very poor ingame feedback.I don't know what the developers were aiming for with the way the final product turned out (it is NOT due to technical ineptitude or lack of creative ability - the game mechanics are consistent with its defined rule set, full of intelligent puzzles and reasonably bug free).The lack of transparency (markedly unsound - it badly hurts their sales numbers by quickly alienating the ""shallower"" player base. ) seems to be caused largely due to intended design. Maybe TDE (dark eye) game rules are were so second nature to the developers they coudn't see how difficult it will be for ""foreigners"" to make sense of their otherwise ""working within parameters"" product.It almost like the game is made by aliens strangers to earth based game interface progression in the last 20 years. Maybe this what a game made by programmers/designers that don't play computer games should be expected to turn out (speculation).cons-very limited ruleset/mecanics exposition and ingame feedback (steam guides mostly fixes this)-alien game interface: bits of relevant information are scattered all over the place (need to navigate 5-6 ""screens"" to gather basic info about a character - a feat the good modern games can achieve in 1-2 ""screens"" with overwelmingly superior amount of detail - wastes player time, hurts immersion)-stoneage like combat log functionality (mising a lot game critical events and the ones presented lack detail)-rough spell/ weapon class balance-nearly impossible to read opponent's percentage based resists ( some even have vulnerabilities to certain damage types but it is extremely hard to tell due to the hidden resist stats , RNG damage component and poor combat log features)-liniar story, set drops(limited itemisation issues) and poor spell/abilities balance (few powerbuilds builds) leads to poor replayability value. (maybe the obfuscation was intended to mask/hide the poor balance to the players - or the poor balance is the result of the obfuscation making it hard for the devs to see the problems ?)pros-the community with a bit of help from developers managed to unwind most of the critical game mechanics (check out the game's player guides section)-the game is well oiled (very few bugs), the creative people did great - very high intelligent puzzle combat variation(enjoyable once you start grasping the game mechanics).I still recommend this game despite its numerous flaws because it has the capability to enthral players for hours, but wait for significant special offer discounts ."
76561197971765720,Not Recommended,249650,29793030,Posted: 8 February,all,Pelius,"I want to like this game, I really do. But there are several critical issues that the game designers should have fixed before release or fixed in a patch.The most critical issue is there are points in the game that are dead ends. What I mean by this is there are situations that will force you to restart because you won’t be able to get around them. One example is a scenario where your players cant leave a series of encounters and if you can’t beat the one of those encounters the game is effectively over. Scratch 15 hours of play. I assume there are more to come.The game looks great and the system is deep enough to make it interesting. The issue is with the encounter design and the above is only one example (although be it the worst) so far in my playthrough."
76561197993589983,Not Recommended,249650,29151108,Posted: 9 January,all,Madash,"frustrating, i get the impression the ai cheats."
,Recommended,249650,29273267,Posted: 15 January,all,thenasos,"Great writing and voice acting.Fun use of evironment in battles. (not hitting stuff when 100% chance, not so fun).Beatiful map, but painful traveling in the cities.Seems to be rushed development, ending feels.. pale, few ""Adam add textures here"" moments.Buy if you like grumpy dwarves!"
,Not Recommended,249650,13234092,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,chezwizard,"TLDR -- A lot of good ideas, but iffy execution.I used to recommend this game, as I really liked it. After I got it, I played through several times, and despite some overly complex -- and not well explained -- aspects, it was a (mostly) fun game. I especially liked the humor, the fact that there wasn't always a clear ""good"" choice, and that even when there was, it wasn't always mechanically superior -- i.e. better rewards for being ""good"". It was refreshingly muddy on morality.But, recently, I'd seen some comments online referencing ""crashes"" being the reason people stopped playing. So I just played through again -- and it crashed a half dozen times in my playthrough. I still enjoyed going back through this game, but I had the benefit of already understanding the confusing character sheet and knowing how to budget my xp and  money well -- what to buy and when.I think it's more than likely that most people who ran into the random -- and seemingly non-reproducible -- crashes I did won't get very far, especially with all the other aggravating factors.If you can get past the crashes, and remember to diversify the party, while focusing each character, you can have a lot of fun with it. But if you want a quick dive in for fun, go elseware."
76561198115243223,Recommended,249650,26729539,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hákon Hagensson,"If you like turn based games,this game will not dissapoint you,but its not really worth for 39,99€"
76561197962007744,Recommended,249650,34903773,Posted: 12 September,all,]V|agic,"A really nice cRPG linear adventure. Definitely not that black or anti hero thoug...All the ingredient are there and the one huge downside is the not-appropriate pricing.It feels a bit like an indie game, cheap cinematik and lack of polishing here and there (and there too).I really did not mind, but I baught it around 5€.Story, leveling, general content and battles are worth it if you like the genre; just find a way to buy it a the right price (should have been around 20€ when launched, below 5-10€ nowadays)."
76561198089652452,Recommended,249650,35211943,Posted: 25 September,all,MaGinThat,"I really enjoyed this game.I found it chalenging AND engaging throughout.So i dont really get the complaints about the games difficulty...ill admit it can be a bit rough to get going but i found the mid game to be a refreshing pleasure challenging the player to use and pic the right skill sets and abilitys,it felt rewarding and was never boring as some other easier games can be as you blow through the mid game,untill the end game where a challenge is considered enemies with way to many hitpoints not quite smart enough to use that finishing blow,unless your party is at max health: FACEPALM. Eventually leading to a boss that does a lot of nothing and has that 1 ability that leaves only one party member standing near death,goes back to doing a lot of nothing while your team recovers....seriously there will be none of that in blackguardds,when your team fails it's usually abundantly clear where you are lacking or what mistake was made,so yes i suppose unfortunately for some this game does require the player to actually think about their strategy..in most battles.A severely lacking aspect in most games these days...if you enjoy challenging and rewarding gameplay then this is the game for you.I feel this game was way underrated and under appreciated, it deserves so much more credit.thx for making this game guys i had a blast...now on to blackguards 2 ! i cant wait to see whats in store ;) !!!"
,Recommended,249650,35360880,Posted: 30 September,all,NeoGeoMVS,good game!
