user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198014906882,Recommended,250110,18338149,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sharps,If this game had online co op then I'd play nothing else but this.
76561197970343318,Recommended,250110,18171882,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Twinbee,"Here's what you need to know.The basic robot-shooting gameplay is practically flawless.  The controls are sharp, with both gamepad and mouse / keyboard working just fine (although I personally find using a gamepad much more fun).  There's no ammo or need to reload, meaning you can put out a never-ending barrage of firepower against the constant stream of enemies.  Visual design is superb, with all the robots having distinct looks, making it easy to remember and react to their attack patterns in the middle of the chaos.  Despite the ridiculous number of exploding robots on screen, I never find it overwhelming - everything reads well and the times when you die to something you didn't have a clear warning about are very rare.  The battery system (which is effectively a timer + checkpoint system, with a bit of a twist) keeps the pace up and forces you to be aggressive.Sound design is great too.  Audio cues are easy to pick up on (such as the ""woop woop"" when you reach low health, or the little ""tink"" when your secondary weapon recharges), even while having your face melted off by the soundtrack.All the little details feel right - the speed at which the power ups cycle, the range at which you can collect the weapon orb things, the time it takes for the secondary weapons to reacharge - and it all comes together to make a game that is just plain fun.On top of all that, the difficulty curve is handled well.  There's a smooth progression from playing just to clear levels, onto playing for S+ ranks (along with a robot voice saying ""S plus!"" that makes you feel special inside), onto playing for pure score on the leaderboards.  There are no real difficulty spikes - by the time you've cleared most of the levels, getting the top rank on the first stage is easy, and from there you can just keep going.Having said that, I do have a couple if issues with the game, the only one worth mentioning here is that I don't think it works very well in co-op mode if you have a bit of a skill mismatch.  Due to the battery mechanic, every member of the team needs to contribute to killing robots as fast as possible in order to reach the next battery drop.  If you have a less experienced player who falls behind, it's not like you can wait for them to catch up - the other players need to immediately pick up the slack by killing robots even faster.  While this is possible, it's no fun for the player at the bottom, as they will be constantly dying, having their weapon level lowered, being unable to keep up with the damage, and then dying again.In single-player, however, this is a game that I can recommend unequivocally if you have any interest in fast arcade games."
,Recommended,250110,25798294,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lurkki,Just pure magic. Precise controls mixed with excellent gameplay makes this game one of the extraordinary games that succeeds in every way. I can't recommend enough.
76561198057112146,Recommended,250110,31760720,Posted: 14 May,all,TucanSam,"A small, four legged robot fires a trio of bullets at me and I dodge, switching to my secondary weapon to gain a few brief moments of invincibility, kill him and turn to… Another small four legged robot. Who shoots me dead. Anyone who knows me can tell you that the only way I improve in a video game is through knocking my head against the proverbial brick wall. Assault Android Cactus is no different, and my first few hours are not going well.Developed by a small, three man studio out of Australia, Assault Android Cactus, or AAC for short, is a top down, twin stick shooter that is both difficult and extremely forgiving at the same time. Featuring twenty unique levels and five memorable bosses, it offers a good solid chunk of game play, unique maps and bosses, and online leader-boards for those who are more aptly skilled than I am. Players take control of one of eight Androids, and one secret unlock-able Android, in an attempt to make it to the end of a large space ship in order to stop a robot rebellion. Once you’ve finished with that, the game also offers a once-a-day randomized level, score hunting on those leader-boards and something called “Infinity Drive” which seems to be an endurance type game mode where enemies spawn in large numbers, and you’re expected to do your best to survive. I cannot tell you that I did well in it.In short though, it took me about five or six hours to beat every level in the game, but it was time well spent, and I look forward to coming back to it.GameplayGetting shot in the back by a treacherous, sneaky dog-robot is, in other games, a death sentence. Game over, try again, learn from your mistakes. In AAC, the devs went with a different approach. Where most games like this give you one or two hits before you game over, AAC gives you a generous health bar that can take three or four hits, and that regenerates whenever you go a period of time without getting hit at all. And, instead of lives, player Androids are given a bar at the top of the screen in the shape of a battery that continuously ticks down as you play. Every so often, killing an enemy robot drops a battery for you to pick up, extending your meter at the top and letting you continue playing. Coupling these two together results in a system that encourages you not to get hit (You obviously aren’t going to get a battery when you aren't killing things), but also rewards you when you manage to do so, and forgives you when you make a mistake. Some might call it hand holding, but I call it being kind to the player. Not everybody has lightning quick reflexes.Speaking of reflexes though… you’re still gonna need some. Trying each of the eight Androids you can  unlock taught me a lot about myself, and how much I suck at video games. Each of them has two weapons, each unique to them and from every other character, and they all play differently. While Cactus, the lead character and the namesake of the game, is given a standard machine gun, and a short range flamethrower you need to get in close to an enemy to use. Easy to use while teaching you the basics of the game and where you can stand without getting shot, she’s the first Android you are thrust into this world with and is a good choice for beginners. Then you begin to unlock the others, and things take a turn.I won’t describe every Android and their play style in detail, but expect to find characters who wield Railguns that penetrate, short range shotguns whose power drops off immensely with range, a gun that tracks enemies for you (not always a good thing) and a smoke covered tomboy that shoots lava. Yes, really. They each feel different from the last, and each feel as if they were designed to do different things in the game. Some seem designed to finish quickly and compete for high scores, while others seem weaker, designed perhaps to work best with a buddy in co-op. And yes, there is local co-op.While a game like this would easily shine in online co-op, the small three man team that built this can be forgiven with taking the easier option of local only. Up to four players on a couch, or in chairs huddled around a small computer screen, can play at the same time with fun, chaotic effect. A small crown above each characters head lets you know who is doing the best at the time, but things shift quickly and getting knocked down once or twice can send the crown flying across the screen to find your buddy. Fast paced, colorful and sometimes hard to keep track of yourself, AAC toes the line of making you hate your friends and having a genuine good time because, while one person cannot finis hthe co-op version of the levels alone, having that one guy (me) who is not as good as the rest does not doom you to failure. Life, and co-op AAC, is a team game.GraphicsMost top-down shooters struggle to make the graphical side of their game fun to look at, and with such a small team working off a limited budget, you’d expect Assault Android Cactus to do the same. Like me, you’d be wrong. While it won’t challenge games from big companies for eye candy awards, the team at Witch Beam went to painful lengths to make sure their small little game was as nice looking, and sounding as could be. From their lead animator, programmer and designer who has worked at companies such as Midway, Electronic Arts and Sega, to their Audio Director who worked with games such as Total War, Need for Speed and FIFA Soccer (throwing in a BAFTA award along the way), their passion and ability ooze from every corner.From colorful, expressive characters to bright enemies, constantly changing levels and cute, albeit short, cut scenes there is not much you can complain about the game from a visual standpoint. Enemies are easy to pick out from the bullets, the bullets themselves are easy to find and avoid, and where some games find you lost among the chaotic battle happening around you, AAC goes to great lengths to make sure you know where you are, where the danger is, and conveys all of that in a gentle on the eyes, easy to read screen.The one complaint I can lodge has to do with a certain dog shaped, toaster looking enemy in the game. Hopping around joyfully, these little monsters open up a hatch on their back, launching a missile up into the air where it rains down on you. A bright red marker shows you where it’s going to land with plenty of warning but, with your eyes watching the enemies around you, the floors sometimes moving on you and the game wanting your attention in seven different places at once, it’s far too easy to miss that little red circle and walk straight into a missile. Maybe that’s my mistake though? We’ll call it fifty-fifty.PerformanceThis is where things get a little tricky for me to sound authoritative on. While certainly not a five thousand dollar machine, my desktop computer is designed and built to run games at a high level, and finding myself hitting 250+ fps with all settings cranked to maximum in the game is not a rare occurrence. So how can I say exactly how smooth this game runs from a technical aspect? Well, I can’t. Not entirely. But I can tell you that the game has very low minimum requirements, others I know have run it on mid-tier laptops and I, myself, have run it on my Mothers laptop, she of the “this website said I needed to download this” fame.I’ve also found success running it on a desktop at school and, while the frame rate stuttered and struggled to stay steady at anything over 15 fps, the game did run, and on a machine I expect contained pictures of components on the inside instead of any real machinery. As long as you keep the settings reasonable, know your own machine and keep an open mind, it should run fine for you. And, hey! If you’re still worried after reading this, the game has a free demo for you to check its performance yourself. Those are still a thing some devs do!"
,Recommended,250110,7332240,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Tak!,"[2013/10]Assault Android Cactus really shines in local coöp!On Friday evening, we slapped two PS3 pads and two Xbox pads onto a Linux machine, connected a projector, and had a 5-hour marathon session, with maybe 20 people rotating in and out at various times.There was lots of shouting at the screen and at each other (""Battery! Battery!""  ""Kill the toasters!""), as well as a fair amount of trashtalking over the statistics on round completion.[2014/08]AAC was one of my first exposures to Steam Early Access, and it's a shining example of how the system was meant to work. When I first began playing, they had implemented one game mode, the four main characters, a handful of levels, and one boss. Since that time, WitchBeam has continually blasted out new characters, levels, bosses, and game modes, while continuing to revise, rebalance, and polish existing content.At the time of this edit, AAC is still in early access (update 8.5), but I'm already extremely happy with my purchase, and I can't recommend this game enough. Additionally, future WitchBeam titles will be unquestioned day-0 purchases for me.I nominated this game for the ""I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won an Award"" Steam Award 2016."
,Recommended,250110,16211062,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,TesseracT,"This game is insanely fun, one of the best of it's kind really.Remember those really good NeoGeo type games from the 90's; the ones you would sink quarters into none stop?Well if you're a fan of arcade twin stick shooters, this is one of the best I have played so far."
,Recommended,250110,25325236,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Carnival Nights!,BrutalWill Frustrate youGreat set of charactersGreat boss fightsMany levels and unlockablesFunController recommendedThis game needs more love.
,Recommended,250110,18176667,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Fapstronaut,"I pirated the game and 10 minutes later I purchased it because It was so ♥♥♥♥ing good. Uncapped fps, controller/keyboard support and awesome gameplay. 10/10."
,Recommended,250110,16775243,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Wispouille,"What can i say about this game ... it's Awesome.Fun in local coop and challenging if you want to.The graphics works well with the type of game.It feels fine with KB/M or controller.The gameplay is simple but works perfectly.All androids are fun and there is a lot of change between them so you'll find easely one who works for you.There is short range , long range , auto-aim gun , regular rifle , extern robot to attack with , some melee , sniper.Steamworks will be addAnd for the cherry on top you can change some design of the gameplay with option in game (fps mod , bots , vision effect , etc)If you buy it you'll not be dissappointed.Have fun"
,Recommended,250110,32009272,Posted: 27 May,all,Matthew Bloch,This is a really artful and exciting twin-stick shooter - the cute robots dragged me right in and I'm still coming back to that final boss.
76561197964765543,Recommended,250110,13621415,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Equim,"Are you tired of empty promises? Vague planes of what will be in the game and what will not? Developers who have very little communication with their community? All the stuff that happens one Early Access? Well then, take a look at Assault Android Cactus! There's a clear goal of what they want to be in the game at launch and how much is in it at the time you're buying it, right there on the store page! A lesson to the majority of developers that put their game out there on Early AccessBut what about the game itself? Is it any good? The short answer is: Yes.The long answer is the amount of time you'll find that you sink into the game. With four characters to boot and another one unlocked with every boss leaves us at 8 in total. All of them unique in their own way. They all have a primary and a secondary weapon which drastically changes the way they are played.There's a whole heap of different enemies for you to blast to bits and rack up the points in a total of 25 planned levels! 23 of them available as of the time of writing this. And in addition to that you have Boss Rush and Infinity Drive game modes. The latter of which might need a bit of explaining, It's basically a wave survival mode.So you're having a good time blasting enemies and all that, and then you suddenly get your first S+ rating. Meaning that you got through a level with an unbroken chain of kills. Nailing the level perfectly. And this is where your dark descent begins. This high is something you'll keep chasing, again and again on each of the levels, with your ranking going higher and higher on the global leaderboards.The music and sound design is fantastic and fits the game like a glove. Not much more to say about that really.So, why should you buy this game? Well, all the reasons above really. You'll be supporting a hard working team that, as a previous review stated, ""short of the developers being visited by aliens and having their brains replaced with cottage cheese and pineapple chunks - this should be an easy recommendation, and a big thumbs up from me.""..At least do try the Demo. The first one is always free, remember?"
,Recommended,250110,12920177,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,CaiNX10A,"A bullet storm top down shooter with excellent gameplay, music, level design, boss fights and unique player characters each with their own weapon loadout and personality. Very fun to play, and game had had constant updates throughout its Early Access stage.I can't wait for the full version of the game, and uh, more playable characters. :)"
,Recommended,250110,9089610,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,GabrielWB#2772,"Although, at the time of writing this, the game still is in Early Access, I've already had a blast with it.Fast paced, hectic arena shooter gameplay. A diverse selection of characters to choose from all with a different playstyle.Large variety of levels and hard bosses that all offer dynamic gameplay.The replayability of this game is perfect.Pretty nice music, gorgeous graphics oozing character and color.A recommended game, if you just want to shoot stuff."
,Recommended,250110,18181884,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Rayge,"This really is a superb game with tight mechanics, fair difficulty that doesn't ruin the game, and a crap ton of gameplay variety due to all the characters. Boss fights are top notch and unique all around and NEVER boring. Bullet patterns feel fantastic to move around and really give you and empowering feeling when you make it through a wave of them without getting touched. Getting strategies down to complete stages or beat bosses just feel so good and really gets you pumped up to tackle on the next obstacle. I had to pull myself away from the games after wanting to push forward to complete more areas.The biggest part about this game that makes it so amazing for me are the stages and how they are laid out and even dynamically change during gameplay. It stage transformations happen so smoothly and look so beautifully that sometimes you loose yourself to it and forget that you have bullets flying in all directions. Who ever the stage designers were for this game deserve some sort of award. They are that amazing to watch.One thing that I found to be relieving is how fast the load times are for restarting stages when you know you are trying to make it through without getting hit or getting knocked out. It's so quick. Even boss fights with dialogue at the beginning are skipped when restarting the boss fight. I just wish more games like this would implement this system. It really helps with getting practice in certain areas without wasting time.It has a very genuine arcade feel to it. You can really feel the passion that this team put into creating this game.  The game seems like it will run buttery smooth on most modern systems out there for those that are hesitant on picking this up on lower end hardware. The game really seems like it was focused with 1 player in mind due to how the difficulty and bullet patterns are. So the game not having online multiplayer really isn't that big of a deal. I would welcome it for other modes in the game where a extra set hands would definitely help. But personally, I feel like play the campaign of the game with 2 people would really take away from the feeling you would by taking each stage on yourself.All in all this is one game that should be in every STG and Twin Stick Shooter fan's library of games. It is, in my opinion, THE best twin stick shooter on STEAM right now. Don't hesitate."
,Recommended,250110,19791057,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Div,"It’s a fast-paced, adrenaline-high, bullet hell-like, hard twin-stick shooter with dynamic arenas, cute androids and great soundtrack. Everything you've ever wanted.You can call this game “twin-stick hell” (…well it’s the best joke I could make here. What a shame): little android in a small arena dodging hundreds of bullets and killing hostile robots, wave after wave, trying not to die and finish the level before battery runs out.Arenas are small, but change dynamically (sometimes dramatically): in the middle of a battle new obstacles appear, while the old ones disappear, suddenly there are  holes in the floor, moving sidewalks, lasers… all sorts of different things wich could save or destroy your playthrough.Variety of pickups is not that great: “pretty wings” (speed up), “tiny robots” (extra firepower), “blue circles” (freeze enemies) and battery (recharge battery). Gameplay variety is mostly provided by playable characters (you unlock them progressing through story): nine different cute androids. Each android has two weapons: everyday gun and something special and powerful, but with a cooldown. Weapons and specials are very different (seekers, laser, railgun, shotgun, etc.) and you must change your playstyle depending on it.Gameplay: fast, furious and aggressive. Don’t think, don’t plan — see, react, destroy. Your battery's running low. You’re surrounded. Break through. Don’t get hit. Get wings pickup. Speed up, survive and exterminate everything.Story: oh… well… it's funny but not remarkable. However, you didn't came here for the drama, cinematic look, unexpected twists and epic cutscenes.Characters: “Everything's dead…”. Which is lovely.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
,Recommended,250110,25133492,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,LoveBot,"I've been holding off writing this review, because I cant come up with anything to make the review more than one sided. I just REALLY love this game...I got my eyes on the game a long time ago, from Geek&Sundry on Twitch, who was showcasing it as a local Co-op shmup.I instantly went to Steam and picked up the game myself.At first, i struggled alot with the game. Not because i didnt like it, but because it WILL be difficult for you at first. But it's so tight, that regardless of how many times you end up running out of battery (The games life system) You want to try again and beat it.I actually had to give up on the end boss, and return with new energy to tear it apart.A few hundred hours later, and we now got a growing community for the game where players go head-to-head in the Daily Drive mode. Speedrun the campaign mode, and overall just have tons of fun with this very simple, but insanely well made game.On top of all this, the sound and music is absolutely amazing. So much so, that most of us went and bought the OST to be able to listen to it anywhere. (Perfect gym score btw)So overall, I can't give this game any less than a solid 10. Theres just nothing i can think of that would reduce that.."
,Recommended,250110,1535381,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,RXShorty GPD Win,If you love twin-stick shooters this it a must have.I love the Dreamcast feeling it gives me!The game is still in development but don't let that scare you away from this gem!
,Recommended,250110,17353169,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Oatway,"Most important thing about this game is that it is fun.Grab some friends, find a couch, and steal all their powerups forever."
,Recommended,250110,7322703,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Cheeseness,"I've been having heaps of fun playing the Steam Early Access version of Assault Android Cactus and recently published a review of it. Here's an excerpt:""Responding to a distress call from the crippled Genki Star, Junior Constable Cactus soon discovers she is overwhelmed by malfunctioning worker robots. Desperate to save the ship, Cactus battles her way through deck after deck of rampaging robots and bosses whilst befriending and recruiting androids along the way to heart of the ship, where presumably they will find the cause the Genki Star's malfunctions.Assault Android Cactus features four main playable android characters: the titular Cactus, a plucky, but perhaps out of her depth police android; Holly, a nervous inventory manager; Lemon, a trainee medic with a happy outlook; and Coral, a fitness instructor with an outgoing personality. In addition to these four, a range of additional unlockable characters are planned. The current Steam Early Access and Humble Store DRM free versions of the game include Starch (who is my personal favourite), an insane android with a mysterious past. Starch's silly presentation shows that this game doesn't take itself too seriously and values fun above all else.Where Assault Android Cactus shines (even in its current unfinished state) is in the execution of mechanics, where the same attention to detail and stylistic choices already covered have been brought to bear on creating a robust and satisfying experience that is as enjoyable the fiftieth time as it was the first.""The full review along with some screenshots can be viewed here:http://cheesetalks.twolofbees.com/aac.phpI also did a write up of some of my post-early access reflections, which, like most of my articles, doesn't fit within Steam's character limit.http://cheesetalks.net/aac2.php"
,Recommended,250110,17360106,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Rosenator,"Assault Android Cactus is a twin-stick shooter that goes back to the bare roots of the genre, such as Smash TV and Robotron. It's an entertaining, dynamic game that I'd honestly recommend to any shooter fan.Pros:+ Graphics are astonishing, even for an Early Access Unity game+ Neat soundtrack+ Controls are simple and easy to learn+ Level layout changes while you're playing, keeping things interesting+ Different characters have different backstories and weapons to suit most playstyles+ Wonderful final boss fight (minus a couple things)+ Alternate settings (like First-Person mode, extra co-op partners, etc.) spice up the gameplay a bitCons:- Awesomeness of soundtrack usually depends on how well you're doing- Final boss suffers from the cliche of ""oh and here's the other bosses you killed but they're back now""I'd give it a 9.2/10 if I had to rate it."
,Recommended,250110,13573435,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bonesinger,"Graphics are greatMusic is greatCharacters are lovelyRight now is in Early Access. Is it bad? No, definitely not.This game is fun. Pure and simple. It has more content coming up too and for 10 dollars, it's well worth it. Now I just gotta get one of those USB hubs and call friends over"
76561198050750789,Recommended,250110,18231468,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,"Assault Android Cactus is a twin stick shooter game.This game a way different than any other twin stick shooteri addicted it much  and very good challenge levels with theirbosses.especially  infinity  drive <3#OverallThe game is easy to pass all levels inlow ranknp , if there are starts in every levels would beso amazingand well challenged.#My total rating10/10 :)-----------------Get it on sale man or try it indemobefore,  as i did then i bought it <3 you will notregret"
,Recommended,250110,17714028,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Qviss,"The game is an awesome arena shooter with some bullet hell elements. Made this review after reading a topic where devs answered about how they might not continue to develop games if Cactus sells bad.http://steamcommunity.com/app/250110/discussions/0/598199244891745228/There's been studios like Clover and Hudson that made great games but had to be shut down since, for reason or another, their games just didn't sell well enough. Wouldn't want this to happen with Witch Beam because they have made sure that their early access had good amount of content with good production values, continuous content updates and good communication with their community.So, if you like arena shooters, please buy this game to make sure that they can continue to work on game development."
,Recommended,250110,25800568,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Eris!,Cute and cuddly robot girls go on a magical quest to explode ♥♥♥♥ing everything ever. I give this yes out of yes.
,Recommended,250110,17396406,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Arsoul,"This game seems like great fun so far, it has a very entertaining campaign with a variety of characters (all with unique abilities), great audio and impressive visuals.Some of my favorite features were- The lights turning on and off- Map structure shifting and changing around during gameplay- A wide range of enemies- Challenging and entertaining boss fights- Local Co-Op for fun with friends- Enemies climbing up from the edges of the map- Camera rotation- Interesting power ups- Several game modesAfter a few hours playing I can definitely say I would recommend it, this game has been well executed with careful attention from it's developers. This is early access done correclty."
,Recommended,250110,18403313,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sam Hyde,"It runs great, it plays great.An interesting cast of characters with great music.It's probably the best twin stick that I've ever played.Mouse and keyboard work great"
,Recommended,250110,25819921,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,shtyftu,Fun and painful!
76561197970769886,Recommended,250110,31809806,Posted: 17 May,all,EidolonRage,"Excellent twin stick shooter that is very simple to learn, but rewards long play with nuanced battles that require both tactical  decisions and strategic forethought.Visually it's a very busy game, with a ton going on at once, and although its controls are simple and the gameplay seems fairly obvious at first, expect to take some time to get the hang of the various HUD indicators and character quirks (each character has its own unique secondary attack, for instance).Great as a two or three-player game, although it really gets too chaotic at four players. I've gotten a lot of hours of fun out of this game! (It's also made me swear at the screen quite a bit, but I feel like that's normal for the genre.)"
76561198363221240,Recommended,250110,33135119,Posted: 2 July,all,Vel Rust,"Good game, unexpectedly really hard though.My only complaint is that the minimum requirements were not acurate. Unless you have the recomended requirements this game does not run smoothly (which given the chaos on screen is VERY important). Ill be sure to revisit this title when I get a decent laptop :/"
,Recommended,250110,25554510,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Pim <3 Nintendo,one of the best isometric top down shooters I have played in a long time with a great soundtrack well worth the price and its much better than hatred because this includes co-op 10/10
,Recommended,250110,25337766,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Essa,"Make no mistake: there will be times when you hate this game. And it will hate you right back, relishing in your every misstep and failure.That said, this is also a beautiful, smooth-running, addictive twin-stick shooter made for the hardcore arcade enthusiast. For some, it will be enough to work through the campaign for a few white knuckled hours and call it good. For others, the allure of beating your old scores and slowly creeping up the leaderboards could provide dozens of hours of replay value.The premise is simple: pick a character with a unique attack style, and then jump in to a small arena and destroy swarms upon swarms of robots, keeping an eye out for battery powerups. You can die and resurrect an infinite number of times, but once the battery is depleted, you die for real.The makers of this game get a standing ovation for providing a free demo to try, something that is criminally rare these days. While the demo - which features a few levels from the first zone - is deceptively easy compared to the full game, it allows you to get a good feel of the game mechanics. By all means, check it out.At the time I'm writing this, I've only put 2.6 hours on the game. I usually play 30 minute sessions, and most of them so far have ended abruptly with me spewing hateful words at my monitor and slamming my controller down. But I always seem to come back.(Edit: I should add that progressing through the campaign itself isn't particularly difficult; getting high grades on the individual levels is where the real difficulty is to be found.)"
,Recommended,250110,18231504,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,drone303,"The best twin stick shooter I've ever played. The controls are tight, the graphics are stunning and the ladies are ready to kick some robot♥♥♥♥♥ The sound track ain't nothing to sneeze at either; it evokes memories of megaman past. Try the demo and get a taste, you'll be buying this wonderful game shortly after."
,Recommended,250110,22267228,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ahardgamesnight,"If the fact that 97.4% (639/656) of all the reviews for this game are positive isn't enough to convince you to buy it, please read my story:TL;DR: Download the demo. If the first 5 levels don't get you excited enough to buy the game at a totally reasonable price of $15, then I'm worried you are the kind of person who doesn't smile or know what immeasurable bliss and joy feels like.The True StoryApril 51:30 AM: ""Assault Android Cactus.....that is probably the weirdest name for a game I've ever heard....Oh, it's like 1941, but with androids instead of WWII airplanes. Okay, I'll get the demo and check it out. I like these kinds of games.""2:00 AM, upon finishing the demo: ""Oh my gosh, that was so fun. I want to play it all again with a different character. Holly looks cool.""2:30 AM, after finishing another play through of the demo: ""This game is amazing. I'm buying this."" So I bought the game + DLC because the soundtrack is amazing.10:30 PM: I start playing from the beginning again with one of my good friends in my house. He loves it.11:30 PM: Another friend hops in as he gets home, and I can't tell if he's tired or just mildly interested, but he wasn't exactly rushing to the computer.11:40 PM; The second friend is totally in the zone, and a third friend we invite says ""Okay, but I only have time for one round."" Yeah, right. Sure. Okay. Go for it.11:55 PM: The third friend decides to help us with the boss fight, and as he plays as Cactus, he goes right up to the boss and is using the flamethrower relentlessly. I say, ""Dude! You're so hardcore! You're right up in there!"" He laughs and says, ""Yeah man! I'm gonna get this guy!"" I am reminded of when he said he'd only do ""one level."" Yeah, right. Uh-huh. Sure. That's like saying ""Okay, but I'll just have one Pringle."" Never happens.April 612:00 AM: We beat the second boss three or four levels later and the third friend is like ""Dude. This game is so sick."" Sadly, he did finally drop out after going through the last half of the second section to go to bed.12:30 AM: Me and the other two friends finish the third section of the game and finally decide that this is the best time to call it quits since we all have class or work in the morning.It's charming. I don't give that kind of description to many games nowadays. It is charming and reminds me of the innocent fun we all used to have in the 90's before everything turned into a dark, harsh, nickle-and-dime, profanity-laced online mulitplayer FPS universe. It reminds of a time when games were games and it was just good fun. The characters are witty, there are lots of little things that make the game fun (like the characters being disappointed when you change your mind on who to select), and even an entire section that gives you the backstory on each character, NPC, and enemy. It even gives you info on stuff you won't encounter that is only mentioned in dialogue. It's like you get all the fun preface stuff from your old video game manuals built into the game! Surely any 90's gamer will remember such game manuals.At this point you're still here because you're looking for an excuse not to buy it, but deep down you know you want it. Buy it. It's fun, and that's all it is. Just cut loose, don't be stingy or nitpicky, and have fun. There's a reason this game has a 97% approval rating. Play it and go back to a day when games were simple, silly, and charming."
76561198113247644,Recommended,250110,24340315,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Raon,"THIS GAME IMO:Great game made by a very small developer team.-Fast-paced game.-No time to think, just act.-Characters that fit every taste.-Challenging as hell.-Has multiplayer (but no online though).I was playing with my wife and we had a good time. It is a pity that the dev can't afford to invest on an online version."
,Recommended,250110,24056978,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Matuse,"I have a lot of hours in this game, and it's been hugely fun. Tight responsive controls, each android plays significantly differently, lots of level variety in form and performance (dark levels, fall-away floors, spinning floors, perspective changes, etc, etc). The achievements are hard but doable, and the soundtrack is just flat out amazing. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,250110,17869882,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Exxion,"Just buy it if you like dual-stick shooters. Or if you don't, because I don't but I enjoy the hell out of it. Just buy it. Extremely pretty but it somehow doesn't lag. One of the best soundtracks I have ever heard. And, most importantly, the gameplay is ULTRA SLICK. Download the demo, but I must warn you that the effort required to not buy the game immediately after playing the demo is... higher than I could muster, at least.Also, why do so few people (on the leaderboards, at least) play as Peanut? Peanut's the best."
76561198040697897,Recommended,250110,18167114,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Boondoggle,"A fantastic twinstick shooter with amazing soundtrack, innovative enemies and hilaroius characters! Every time I pick Starch and she yells ""Pineapple!"" I burst out laughing!!! :DThe visuals do a great job of keeping it clear where you are on screen and whats happening among the chaos (dodge the blue bullets and the orange ones are yours, simple right?)The one screen coo-oop is very well done too, I had a fantastic time playing this with friends on the t.v.I highly reccomend a controller for this game because it is, after all, a twin shooter."
76561198162918142,Recommended,250110,18160774,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,xaxazak,"While I typically prefer RTS and FPS games, AAC had a free demo so I tried it and was really surprised. It's extremely fun (even more than it looks like from the outside), and highly polished.It's fun to play seriously, with challenges of various difficulties, but it's also perfect as a casual multiplayer lounge game.If you're unsure, try the demo.Positives:funpurely skill-basedtop sound & excellent musiccrisp, polished graphicslinuxvery friendly developerslocal co-opNegatives(for me at least, others disagree on each):almostno reason not to hold the fire button down constantlyIMHO, final boss feels a bit uninspiredscoring mechanism a little too formulaiconly one standard difficulty levelOverall, by far my favorite game on steam."
,Recommended,250110,1133616,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,HaVoK308,"Fantastic TwinStick/SHMUP/BulletHell/Action/AWESOME title! If you enjoy any or all of the genres I just mentioned you must play this game. So well done, and an excellent level of detail/polish for an Early Access Game."
,Recommended,250110,18166886,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Smooth,"Just finished the game in about 2 hours with the first character (machine gun + flamethrower).And it was 100% fun.The levels are amazing and each zone is completely different.Maybe the core game-mode is short if you are a crazy mofo as me but after finishing it a screen poped up saying that I unlocked 3 new game modes and a lot of other stuff. And of course I want to complete the game with each character. I think there are 9 characters so (2x9=18) 18 hours of gameplay minimum.The level in wich you fight against the other android requires you to concentrate like you didnt till that point and try hard to beat it, that was the hardest part of the game.The game makes you proceed fast because your life depends on a timer that is always draining, and to fill that timer you have to finish waves of enemies. Same with the bosses, bosses hp is split in a few parts and to fill your timer you have to take out that parts.Intro is nice and fun. I literally laughed with some silly jokes in the boss dialogues.Graphics are exacly what this game needs.This game is at least a solid 8/10 if you love killing waves of enemies in an asometric view and dodging a lot of projectiles and attacks."
76561198138977504,Recommended,250110,30791172,Posted: 28 March,all,w1ndowpane,"I never really played top-down or twin-stick shooters, but I bought this on a whim and I can honestly say it's one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,250110,23530431,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,(!)macskyfractals(¡),"Story  - 5/5 (Hilarious, short and spunky)Sound - 4/5 (Could use more intensity, but very colorful)Controls - 5/5 (tight, responsive and fun)Gameplay - 5/5 (replay value through the roof, all modes are fun)Graphics - 5/5 (SD Girl Androids, mucho cute. Can run at amazing FPS on a good PC, smoothly on a potato)--Assault Android Cactus is lock barrel shot of cocaine through your controller.You drop down into level after level of robots gone haywire, armed with only your chosen weapon and a fun alternate heavy weapon.This twin stick shooter pits you up against hordes of enemies at a break neck speed, and you have to do all this while managing your battery supply (basically keeping you alive based on time, so falling down is no-no), which can only be maintained by slaughtering more robots!Through this journey you unlock other robots with huge personalities and fun weapon styles. You can fill a Codex full of fun little bits of information, collect artwork, and even do FPS and Isometric view modes once you do enough killing. There are fun modes like Infinity Drive, which is basically survival mode. Boss Rush (unlocked after one successive play through) which pits you against all the games bosses! And Daily Drive, which gives you an interesting challenge each day.It's full of fun, fast paced action, and can run on a relatively normal computer without issue. Graphics are kawaii to the max, and these little big headed androids (or normal bodied, if you unlock that fun feature) tear through levels at a breakneck speed, and a moderate difficulty.Assault Android is a short game - perhaps only 8 hours for the skilled (haha I'm not the skilled, btw~) but its countless modes, addictive multiplayer, cute unlockables, and near drug-induced levels of mayhem dazzled me to the point where I had to write a review.Be prepared to dodge, destroy, and be an irresponsible android to your hearts content.10/10 would play again.Chaos with friends, chaos alone, it doesn't matter, the havoc never stops.Heavily recommend purchase, and recommend playing with friends, preferrable with a few drinks (one of those being a red bull).Worth far above its price tag, an essential for the steam library."
76561198060527161,Recommended,250110,19432069,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sir Slush,"It's frenetic bot destruction.In Assault Android Cactus, you get to channel the devastating power of nine forceful femme fatales whose combined firepower could easily destroy the very ship they were standing on, if game-world physics allowed such a feat. Their goals: to crush the robot rebellion, defeat the Sector Lords, and to prevent greater loss of life aboard theGemini Star.But mostly to crush the robot rebellion.You're given three weapons with which to fight the coming menace: Speed, firepower, and a brilliant dodging mechanic that will doubtlessly save your life on many occasions, provided you have the presence of mind to use it amidst the chaos induced by a thousand rotating bullets.As to your armaments, each android is equipped with one main weapon and one rechargeable secondary weapon, whose cooldown ensures that you can't spam black holes and macross missiles across every inch of the stage. Switching between them doubles as the dodging mechanic, so wise use of your secondary weapon is necessary to ensure you'll be able to dodge a bullet when you need to most.And trust me, you will need to. A lot.The game starts off slow and easy to let the players accommodate to new controls, and difficulty builds in a fairly linear curve with short spikes representing the boss battles at the end of every layer of the ship.The score system is based on how quickly you completed the mission, how many robots you destroyed and powerups you collected, and how many times you ran out of life (more on that later.) It is accompanied by a combo system in which each enemy you destroy adds to the combo counter and increases a score multiplier, and if you go more than two seconds without destroying another bot, the counter resets.During your first mission you'll be lucky to get a chain of more than 50, but by the end of layer two, you'll easily be pulling out combo chains of 200 or more. This is in part because the game teaches you how to play it intuitively, and in part because enemies will become greatly more numerous – being surrounded is a common circumstance in this game, and the sooner you learn how to weave through the besieging bedlam, the more likely you will be to survive each successive battle.In this game, your battery is what keeps you alive. You have a health meter, sure, but it's no big deal if it runs out. A second or two to catch her breath and your android is up and kicking again, albeit without her upgrades and powerups. But once the battery runs out, it's game over. The only way to prevent your battery from running low is to find another amidst the flaming wreckages of your erstwhile opponents. And as a result of this design choice, the battery will almost always be in the middle of a swarm of other angry, smashy robots ready and waiting to annihilate you. What's an android to do?Destroy them all and take the battery, of course!So when the screen begins to flash and you hear the droning THUM, THUM of the low-battery alarm, your first instinct isn't to hide behind a barricade and hope it all goes away while your health regenerates. No, your first instinct is to scream ""LET THERE BE NO HOPE FOR THE MORROW,"" and to blitz head-first into the enemy lines with the goal of taking as many with you as possible in a final blaze of glory - and, you hope, with the chance of finding that next elusive battery, and using it to replenish your ever-depleting life.(In developer terms, this is called ""Badassery as a Game Mechanic,"" and it works just as beautifully as it sounds.)It is simultaneously necessary to avoid taking damage while doing so, because recovering from a 'death' takes more battery than merely staying alive, and once the alarm begins to sound, you no longer have the luxury to afford that time.With so many bots encircling you, it might seem like your chances are dim. They're not. You'll quickly learn to spin, dodge, and blast your way through every wave of enemies you encounter, and each time you do, you'll quickly find yourself surrounded again. It's a chaotic frenzy of robot destruction in which you are the sole star, and it's easy to find yourself getting lost in the blaze.Then you look over to the combo counter and see that it's climbed well past 1,000.Not 1000 hits. 1000 robots. And in the zen-like state of robot eradication this game induces, your only response will be,""Cool. Now let's go higher.""The FPS count on games this frantic usually dips into the twenties, or even mid-teens when they look as good as Cactus does. Strangely, however, I experienced no performance difficulties on this game whatsoever. The options menu has an FPS lock automatically set to 60, and though I am not as attuned to these things as some, I never noticed a dip in frame rate during the entire time I played.This is stunning, not only because the game is chaotic, but because it's downright beautiful. I very seldom judge games based on their graphical quality, but Assault Android Cactus might be one of the prettiest games in my library, and not for lack of competition.To replayability, each of the nine androids uses weapons unique to her and has a playstyle distinct from (though often similar to) any of the others, and each has her own dialogue when taking on the Sector Lords. There is also an entire category of EX Options to unlock that can further alter gameplay by providing AI companions, changing the camera to a first-person or iso-dimensional viewpoint, applying various visual effects and even providing the androids with a new, even more powerful secondary weapon in the same vein as their primary.My favorite among these options is the ability to up the number of enemies to levels that would normally only spawn with 2 or more players, as this can increase the action dramatically and I'm always in wont of a challenge.It's almost as if this game was made for me - but in fact, it was not. It was made for every fan of twin-stick shooters, and every fan of twin-stick shooters owes it to themselves to buy a plug-in gamepad to play it with. This game alone will make that purchase well worth the buy.I strongly recommend Assault Android Cactus."
,Recommended,250110,14029996,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,wondroushippo,"Frantic dual-stick shooter action that's all about chaining kills together in chaotic arenas. Also, all the characters are android ladies. I highly approve of everything about this game. It's early access, but you're getting a game with a lot of entertainment right now."
,Recommended,250110,9685950,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,_nastin_,Twin stick scorefest. Best incomplete game I've ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,250110,18672718,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Taiyaki >{{{º>,"I've never played a twin stick shooter before. The closest thing I've played are Touhou games, and I was never that good at them (I think I've only ever beaten a couple in Easy mode). So, as a casual noob to this genre, I have to say Assault Android Cactus was loads of fun, providing challenging but fun gameplay that was smooth as silk and high on adrenaline. The action never stops, thanks to a forgiving health mechanic where you can take a few number of hits before you die, and if your health is low, all you have to do is not get hit for a few (felt like five?) seconds and your heath regens to full. Also, when you switch weapons you get a few frames of invulnerability. This allows you to dive for those power ups and, more importantly, batteries.The battery mechanic encourages aggressive gameplay, since your power constantly drains and the only way to get more power is by killing enemies for battery drops. If your power drains to zero, it's game over. This gives you the perfect excuse to go ham on those mobs. Besides batteries, there are three types of power ups that drop. If left on the ground, the power ups change between each of the three types. So if you want a specific power up that isn't currently on the ground, you can run around killing mobs until the power up changes to what you want (it feels like five seconds or so between each change). This becomes an interesting tactic as you balance killing high priority mobs with power up timings, taking into account how many seconds it takes to run to that mob, kill it, and run back in time so the power up has changed to the one you want.There are nine playable androids (four to start, the others unlocked as you go), each with their own unique primary and secondary weapons. All of them are a joy to play, though I found myself gravitating towards three or so favorites. The story is light and fun spirited. It's easy to get behind the androids even with the dearth of character development, simply due to how cute and enthusiastic they are. The campaign took me about 5 to 6 hours to complete, including all the fails and retries for some of the harder levels (the final boss was the hardest, taking me about 15 attempts to beat). But, as I said earlier, I'm a complete noob to this genre, so it will probably take you less time. I personally found the difficulty level to be that sweet spot of challenging but still enjoyable. Some of the bosses have bullet patterns that resemble Touhou games, but with maybe half the bullet density.There is a decent amount of replayability to be found in the Infinity Drive game mode, as well as trying to beat your high score on the campaign levels. The gameplay is slick, the soundtrack is amazing, and the level design is beautiful-- all this, along with the ability to choose between nine different androids, makes replaying levels a blast. That feeling when you S+ a level is quite satisfying as well.As someone who is not really into these types of games, I really enjoyed AAC. The gameplay is smooth and addicting, the sound and level design are top notch, the characters are lovable, and the difficulty level is just perfect in my experience. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,250110,23795507,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jean,"Very addicting and exhilarating out of the box, even when played alone. Crazy good in 3d with patch on helixmod blog. Also, lots of playable characters and unlockables. Control feels tight and game can get quite challenging. Great OST. Highly recommended."
76561197993210440,Recommended,250110,14944614,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hattoriseed,"Video Game ReviewCIU110.1 Critical Thinking in Creative MediaAssault Android CactusVideo Game from Witch BeamReview by Carlos MeloFrom the Brisbane-based developer team Witch Beam, Android Assault Cactus will immerse you in the role of a Police Android named Cactus, that responds to the call of a stranded space freighter “The Genki Star”. Once inside the ship, she finds out that all the robot workers have rebelled because some malfunctioning. Attempting to save the ship, Cactus fights hordes of robots and bosses that control different decks of The Genki Star, together with 7 other androids that she recruits along the way to reach the brain of the ship while trying to find out the cause of the malfunction.This game is a Twin Stick action arena shooter with an isometric top-down view that up to 4 players can play in co-op mode. It was firstly made for PC, but it will be available for PS4, Vita and Wii U, and although the game is still in Early Access, it is extremely refined and polished, it has great 3D graphics and great performance, it runs very smoothly even when the arena is packed with enemies.The art style reminds me of Jet Force Gemini and Megaman with influence of anime, and every android is remarkably different, not only in appearance but also in gameplay, each one of the androids has a unique primary and secondary weapon. The primary weapons go from an assault machine gun with high precision to a shotgun with more spread shooting that can help with crowds. The secondary weapons are very powerful and have short cooldowns, they help a lot when taking down the big robots, and as if it wasn't enough you can power up the primary weapon by collecting energy, and there are also 3 pickups that can assist you in your fire rate and speed.Each level consist of two objectives, the first one is to destroy all the enemies, and the second one is to collect the batteries that the robots drop when they are destroyed, so you can keep fighting. This battery system works as a timer and in fact, the only way you can lose is by running out of battery which will shut down your android. Apart from that, getting hit a few times will eventually stunt your android, making you press the shooting button repeatedly in order to get up and keep fighting, this doesn’t count as dying but it does drain your battery.Now, what makes ACC one of the best games of its genre that I have played is the mechanics of the game and the amazing dynamic levels, the arena changes while you are fighting, moving and rearranging itself, this can play in your favour or against you by making you take decisions really fast and being spontaneous. There are 20 levels and 5 bosses, which are very different and challenging.I would like to say that I'm really impressed with the work these developers have made, the game is getting close to its final stage but they keep adding more awesome stuff, like the bonus features on the EX options where you spend credits for more features like more visual filters, A.I. partners and a First Person Shooter Camera MIND BLOWN!."
,Recommended,250110,16676852,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Alphacranberries,This game is phenomenal! Don't believe me? Go play the Demo. Then come back here and buy the game.
,Recommended,250110,26297825,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Anubis,"Just a really solid, fun twin-stick shooter.Ectra value for rank-nuts who can't stand not having S+ everywhere."
76561198118845090,Recommended,250110,18224442,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Spill,"""Tiny robots stay!"""
,Recommended,250110,15457995,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rokxx,"Assault Android Cactus is an amazing and incredibly fun Bullet Hell Twin Stick Shooter made with love from caring devs.You are Cactus, an Assault Android that comes to assist a distress call from a space freighter under attack. As the game progress you will unlock and be able to play as a wide variety of heroines with their own unique weapons, play styles and personalities. There's the campaing, an endless/survival game mode, the daily runs (one for each combination of players) or a ""boss rush"" extravaganza, alone or with 3 more friends, given that it has up to 4 players local co-op. With it's dynamic music and stages AAC is sure to keep you at the edge of your seat rushing for that battery when you are almost out of energy. Playing it alone or with friends you are sure to have a blast trying to finish it, best your scores and unlock all the cool modifiers to rev up your gameplay. It has a Demo, give it a try."
,Recommended,250110,19321990,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Shinji16,"Shoot-em-ups are one of three of my main genres, and while I typically prefer danmaku, Assault Android Cactus is one of the best twin stick shmups I've played in a very long time. The level of both mechanical and visual polish are through the roof. Levels scale in difficulty smoothly, new enemies / mechanics are well introduced, characters ooze charm and humor and the music is amazing. Kudos on the game being as amazing as it is using a different life / health system, a dynamic soundtrack that ebbs and swells brilliantly, and developers that truly utilized the Early Access process for every bit it was worth, both for raw play data and player feedback. I cannot recommend this game enough to both shmup newcomers and veterans."
,Recommended,250110,22932826,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Meccarilla,"It runs very smoothly, and the art design is great. After I beat the main story, I replayed it for the daily challenges, achievements, and the ""endless"" game mode. I will probably pick it up again sometime in the future, so I can finish off the challenges. If you're a perfectionist that loves twin stick shooters, then this is your game. It's one of the few games I bought recently without regretting my decision."
,Recommended,250110,16612233,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lee,"Assault Android Cactus is a glorious arcade shooter that harkens back to a nostalgic time that I'm not sure ever truly existed, but I'm having too much fun to care. A brilliant, bouncy aesthetic wrapped in an amazing soundtrack, all underscored by game mechanics that are easy to learn, difficult to master and provide frequent surprises. Buy this game, and then tell your friends to buy this game."
,Recommended,250110,18180366,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,CLYPTOS,"WOW!!! If you're a fan of old school arcade shooters, let me be absolutely clear right here and now that you are in for a seriously amazing treat. This game is pure and beautiful bullet hell chaos, so meticulously realized that it just had to be a labor of love. Dual analog control, BEAUTIFUL crisp and colorful arcade style graphics, DS4 support by default, unlockables, tons of levels, boss battles, multiplayer. Easy to pick up and hard to put down. The difficulty ramps up nicely as you progress. SO good! DO NOT hesistate to add this glorious gem to your collection."
,Recommended,250110,19352000,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mercurial,"Solid mechanics, great soundtrack, and a charm I've not felt since the N64 days.  Simply great.Witch Beam gets it; I hope they go great places."
,Recommended,250110,18174155,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Mezu5,"One of the best in both score attack and twin-stick shmup categories.This is 100% fair hundreds of hours of self-improvement with very diverse levels, a decent amount of characters, deep gameplay combined with a simplistic control scheme, 4 player CO-OP mode and enemy combinations varying from difficult to evil.If you're thinking about buying this on a console, you might wanna stick to PC after all. Why is that? PC has the cheapest controllers\input devices and believe me - you WILL throw those around screaming.Also, the game is fairly discourageing at the beggining, but you shouldn't judge it too quickly. It isn't as hard as it seems.Last subject of importance - the score attack nature of the game. I don't like score attack games most of the time, this one is different. It's not a score attack game, it's a shmup with a score-attack system in it, which makes it more fun to keep playing for a long time.I doubt you'll be getting 200 hours of gameplay for 13 bucks elswhere. Aspecially 200 hours you enjoy and feel satisfied after."
,Recommended,250110,29757410,Posted: 7 February,all,Cocoa,"I've been playing this game since meeting the developers at Tokyo Game Show. It's a masterpiece with rock-solid controls, beautiful visuals, intense gameplay, and an excellent soundtrack with just enough story to keep you wanting more. Try it. You'll be addicted.Thank you, Witch Beam!Thank you so much."
,Recommended,250110,18230190,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Loquori,"Thoughtful, well executed design.  Shiny graphics.  Leaves you exhausted and sore after four hours."
76561198006526461,Recommended,250110,16567921,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[Linux] TalonzX,A game that will truely make steam machines shine cant wait for full releaseworth buying now definately worth buying on release
,Recommended,250110,17456573,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Sifumgb,"This is brilliant! Old school done by new school! This is a great demonstration of the evolution of traditional gameplay combining new ideas and old. A clever mixture of Cave bullet hell with Smash TV twin stick play. I'd say the gameplay balance is spot on, easy to understand and perform but to master takes some effort. The soundtrack is good too.Totally recommended! :)"
76561198117622481,Recommended,250110,18015984,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,akaDv8R [SWITCH to PC],"Let me begin by saying, if you are in ANY WAY interested in old-school shoot-em-ups, you have to give this game a try.From the moment the loading screen finishes, and the title screen sits there, you can tell straight away the Developers have put a LOT of LOVE, PASSION and SWEAT into this game.From the off, the colours are vibrant, with a beautiful colour palette. You have the typical Arcade mode, and it is here where I have spent the majority of my time. There are other modes available, such as a Boss Rush Mode and a daily Grind Mode, for bothe single, 2,3, and 4 players.The Arcade Mode is a labour of love for me. It just contains everything I loved from the same kind of games I played more years ago than I care to think about. You can select from a number of different characters, each of who has a different main and sub weapon. From the off, you are thrust into a manic level, blasting at anything that moves. The sound effects need a special mention. I do not know who the Devs got to do them, but he deserves a pat on the back. With a head-set on, they really put you into the middle of the action.As you are blasting away, you have to be careful about your battery, which slowly drains. However, every so often, a battery pick-up will present itself, and you MUST get to it, otherwise your battery will run out and...... GAME OVER.There are many levels, and they change shape and colours half way through, and even more some time. The number of different enemies is pretty good, and some of the Bosses are, well, Sons of a B**ch.It has local multi-player for up to 4 people. Also there are online leaderboards, for the Campaign, The Boss Rush Mode and The Daily Grind.The Daily Grind gives you ONE chance to score as many points as possible with just one life. It can be a bit nerve racking at first, but slowly you WILL get better.Overall, depending on your skill set, the main Campaign will probably last anything from 4-10 hours. Add on top of that the other modes, and the multi-player, and it is most certainly worth its asking price.WitchBeam have done an AMAZING job, and I look forward to their next release with baited breath. In the mean time, I will continue to play Assault Android Cactus on a daily basis, just to get closer to the top of the Leader Boards  lol.Def. 10/10Recommended for Nostalgia Fans of the 90`s."
,Recommended,250110,17446344,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,RestarttGaming,"Wow!  I jumped in and this was a blast from start to finish.  A lot of fun, VERY challenging, but I kept making a little more progress each time, so i never wanted to stop playing.  And the way each character is a completely different experience with different strategies is genius, as is the fact that bosses patterns are somewhat based on player actions, so quasi random and quasi predictable.Solo player was fantastic, and i generally dont like ""bullet hell"" games, but this isn't REALLY a bullet hell game so i guess that makes sense.Local co-op will be fun as heck if you get someone likeminded who's willing to try things multiple times until you get it (see the penny arcade guys do a letsplay where they get complete noobs to be able to finish bosses).  Of course, we all wish for an online Co-Op, but it's still a good game without it.  (and since the play isn't super breakneck and is somewhat predictive, perhaps with server side AI decisions and client side hit detection it may be possible eventually?  Perhaps if the single player sells well, they can bring on an online dev team?)Also, when i first played this (aug 7 2015) I thought it was a just-about-to-be-released product from a major developer.  I was blown away to realize it just entered BETA and is made by three guys.  It's super polished and i had no issues and just had fun from start to finish.  I call witchcraft, theres no way 3 guys make a game like this!Get the demo or just buy it now.  Either way it's worth it for the single player, and if you can get people to play local co-op, you'd be crazy not to buy."
76561198073610466,Recommended,250110,17619369,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Savage!,"CategoryScoreGameplay9/10Replay Value7/10Co-op Fun10/10Cactus10/10Played three hours with a buddy of mine, extremely fun.  It's a great twin-stick shooter/bullethell game.  It's easy to pick up and start owning masses of enemies.  Gratifying to see your combo run up numbers easily over 200.  This game does start to get harder, and the infinity mode that we've been playing is challenging at later waves.  Constantly changing enviroments are cool.This game is already extremely polished and I'm excited to see what they continue doing.  Well worth the price, and trust me I don't like spending a lot on games anymore (thanks to great steam sales)."
,Recommended,250110,25394818,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Lon,"Assault Android Cactus is a great game! It's got a lot of style and clearly had a lot of love put into its development. The game has a large focus on the wide cast of characters, and there's a strong emphasis on the high score chase. If you're on the fence, there is a demo, give it a shot!"
76561197996949064,Recommended,250110,25484924,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Blackbird_Malta,Local coop is superb. Graphics are great. Sound is cool. Gameplay in local coop is a fun rush! I am really enjoying this game with my girl. If you enjoy twin stick shooters this is a must have.I'm just a little android....
,Recommended,250110,25350021,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Wetaskiwin,"I've been a fan of Robotron-like games since I was a little kid, and this game really hits the spot for me. If you're a fun of dual joystick shooters, I can't reccomend this highly enough.Though I warn you. It is frustrating at times. For me, most of the game was easy to somewhat challenging, until the final boss which took the diffiulty though the roof. Though overcoming it was very satisfying."
76561198003488825,Recommended,250110,18160881,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Chromodar,"Fast, colorful, intensely action packed, smoothly controlled mayhem. That pretty much sums it up. Witch Beam always seemed to know exactly where they wanted to go with this, and they nailed it like 95% perfect. If you like arcadey twin stick shooters, I see absolutely no reason to not pick this up.It's highly competent at what it does. Read the steam description, watch the trailers, and if you like what you see, I'm sure you'll have a blast and get your money's worth. Hell, there's even a demo. Go try it!"
76561197978381846,Recommended,250110,18160914,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Cageymaru,"This game is amazing.  The characters are memorable, cute, and have tons of flair.  The game play is absolute perfection in it's mechanics, and the way that the levels become more frantic gets your blood pumping.  You can tell that the developers loved working on this game.  The soundtrack is so darn good.  It fits the game like a glove and pumps you up even more for the next wave to spawn.There are some games that become institutions where everyone knows it.  One example would be Mario Bros.  Another game worthy of such designation is Assault Android Cactus.  It deserves every accolade it has garnered.  This is a day one purchase for twin stick shooter fans.  If you're a music fan skip the regular version and get the Soundtrack Edition.  It's worth every penny!"
76561197974088172,Recommended,250110,18165423,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,father nurgle,"I wouldn't normally play a ""twin stick shooter"" but this game is incredibly enjoyable.  The mouse and keyboard controls feel great and the action is intense!"
,Recommended,250110,18166185,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Spoonie,"Fantastic game, Fantastic devs! Whether you want to play solo or with friends (if you have any...lucky you), then this game is for you - infact this game is for everyone!!Buy it and become instantly cool."
,Recommended,250110,19284132,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,lisidaniel,"Pristine mechanics. Everything fits together and is balanced to perfection. Bold, charming aesthetic. Radical soundtrack. Assault Android Cactus is a masterfully crafted game, a prime example of symmetry between development workflows. I can't say this about many games.An experience well worth having, and as a developer, a game that inspires me to make better games."
76561197972723978,Recommended,250110,8716699,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,merville,"A fun, fast paced, twin stick shoot-em-up with a charming style and some interesting mechanics. The game encourages aggressive play and throws a lot of chaos at you, but the difficulty curve feels comfortable. The different characters offer a lot of variety and replayability, the levels can be very dynamic, and the combat is nuanced. It doesn't require the same precision as a traditional bullet hell, but getting perfect combos with different characters on all the levels is an immense challenge. The developers are very active within the community and strive to deliver a good product. Recommended!"
,Recommended,250110,18179384,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Ant Stiller,"Assault Android Cactus is frantic, gorgeous, deadly, beautiful and just about perfect. Often, when something is so polished, it's hard to see how much hard work and love went into its creation, to truly appreciate it. The team at Witchbeam have poured so much of themselves into this game that they've created a masterpiece. A masterpiece for you. Buy it, play it, and let it make you happy.This is what gaming is about. If you love games, you need to buy a copy of Assault Android Cactus."
,Recommended,250110,20583273,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Manta,A game for those people who just want to shoot and blow up everything.
,Recommended,250110,18206313,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,masondesu,"An absolutely fantastic twin-stick shooter. Highly polished, well-balanced, and cute without feeling childish. If difficult-but-doable bullet hells are your thing, get this game ASAP."
76561198025148070,Recommended,250110,14441751,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,EclipsedHusky,"Such a great game! It has some of the smartest things in a game that offers ranking on score. Like once you get an S+ rank, the game gives you a GAME menu option that lets you set it to DISABLE the visual of IF you are still able to S+ rank. To AUTO RESET the stage if you fail the S+. Or to simply SHOW the S+ while you still have the chance for it.Gameplay wise the game is super smooth, and the weapon system is very arcady in a great way. Every character gets a primary, and secondary gun. The primary can be leveled up from killing and picking up energy. The secondary guns are SUPER strong weapons that you can fire only a few times, they over heat, then recharge letting you have a burst weapon on hand now and then. and EVERY character has a different primary and secondary! Which offers a LOT of replayiblity!"
,Not Recommended,250110,24387074,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Theran,"It's a fun game, and I enjoy playing it... however even with the gameplay being amazing there is one major problem... The battery mechanic. It's frustrating to the point that I don't want to play, it adds unnessecary stress to the combat, and frankly doesn't feel like it serves much of a purpose, for all the talk the devs have done defending it.I've seriously gotten to the point where I've had 1 enemy left on the screen, battery almost depeleted, kill the enemy... it drops nothing, and a new wave comes out right as my battery drains completely. Batteries just didn't drop, and when they do drop you have to put yourself in harms way to even get thim, and some bosses take those batteries as well!It's a fun twin stick shooter, has amazing characters, great music, and the gameplay is for the most part excellent. However that one major flaw has really ruined my entire experience with the game. Everytime I go to play the game even for just a little bit it just glaringly shows each time. So I really can't suggest this game with that there."
76561197995317762,Recommended,250110,22132571,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,LooseButthole,"This mouthball of a named game is a very intense, fast paced, arcade-like, bullet hell, top-down twin stick shooter. The boss battles are pretty epic. It's easy to pick up and it's great couch co-op. At first it kind of bothered me that you aren't adequately punished for death but it becomes very obvious at later levels that you the time it takes to revive will prevent you from getting battery and makes things difficult.PROslocal co-op to 4 playerswell optimized (runs on my laptop)boss battles are sickterraforming stagesCONsNot all of the androids are that fun to playCamera can be frustrating at times but generally does a good job scaling up to 4 players. Occasionally my friends have literally been off the screenSometimes finding the battery is impossible and seems unfair compared to more traditional health systems8.5/10 BUY full price"
76561197990923641,Recommended,250110,12366230,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Frumpy Momoi,Wow! After playing the Demo for a while I finally bought the full game. Top-down bullet hell geared toward action. Absolument excellent!
,Recommended,250110,8382022,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Luckytime!,"Since I felt like I got my money's worth after playing only 2 hours of this game in early access, I would say yes, I do recommend it. I'm just going to say it right now, this game is a 10/10 and a masterpiece. Witchbeam is exceedingly gracious in the way they interface with the public, and their love for their game shows in every aspect of it.I bought the soundtrack because it is just that good, and I never buy soundtracks. The gameplay got me hooked from the moment I saw it in a video, it feels just as amazing to play as it looks. There are no cut corners and everything is super polished. I'll be looking forward to more projects from Witchbeam in the future."
,Recommended,250110,16694768,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Doos Ecks,"Now that the game is out of early access, and I’ve had a bit more time with it, I think it’s time for me to update my review. I’ll be honest, over time this game did grow on me and I found it a lot more fun when it did. The developers are probably some of the best out there since they actually went out of their way to inform me of the game release so that I could update my review (any developer who does this deserves bonus points). Overall it’s not a bad game, it’s not something I would sink countless hours into, but I keep coming back and playing small instalments, which is nice."
,Recommended,250110,18188314,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Durandal,One of the most satisfying twin-stick shooters I've ever played. Chasing an S+ is a joy with any of the many available killer robots.
76561197975090366,Recommended,250110,18229219,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,VoodooLife,One of the best Twin Stick Shooters and Coop games I've ever played. Buddy and I started the Campaign then as friends trickled in they too got sucked into the game until we were 4-man on the final boss. It has a simple appeal with surprising depth involving how to use your class and power ups vs the types of enemies you encounter and the randomizing level designs mid battle. HIGHLY reccomended if you're looking for local coop games.
,Recommended,250110,19282948,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,"HARK, A POSTERIOR","Such a good game, reminds me of playing ratchet and clank deadlocked like 10 years ago."
,Recommended,250110,19351804,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Madrang,Fun top down shooter with solid responsive controls.
76561198008425589,Recommended,250110,19410244,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Darth-E-Duck,"I had one slight problem with this game and it was to do with the screen resolution on boot up. It was set too high and my monitor just blacked out. Lucky for me I had a laptop and I streamed the game and changed the settings for it to work, but apart from that this game is awesome. The graphics are slick, just beautiful, the gameplay is challenging, and all in all I think its a very good game. I do reccomend this game, for anyone who like twin stick shoot em ups."
,Recommended,250110,19421378,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Qinn.desolation,Awesome !!! Just loads off fun!!!
76561198010674389,Recommended,250110,21468063,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Venus,I've been playing the game a short amount of time about only 20 hrs and so far all I can think of is praise for this game. I have been getting all my friends to play too becuase it's just that good. I was splendidly surprise I would like this kind of game. It deffinetly has bullet hell and requires good mechanics to score high. All things I really wanted in a shootem up game. It's very challenging if you want to chase scores. Yet it is simple enough for a new comer to pick up and just enjoy. Thank you so much for this game.
,Recommended,250110,7936060,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,kureshii,"A hark back to old fast-paced arcade shoot-em-ups, where high scores were their own achievement, This game is intense and will demand a lot from you. Gameplay mechanics are finely balanced to keep things frenetic and happening at close- to mid-range; this game wants you to stick close to crowds of enemies, and be constantly seeking them out, and it juggles the tension like it's been doing it all its life. If you prefer a more cautious and laid-back pace, this might not be your cup of tea. Definitely grab the demo and give it a go--it's free!Infinite mode is now ready, and this is the quintessential twin-stick shooter experience: dancing between waves of unrelenting enemies. You have to try this. You know a game is serious about what it is doing when there's an auto-restart-if-combo-is-broken option (and you have to achieve a perfect stage first to unlock it).This is one of the few games that make me wonder why there isn't a button around for me to give more money to the devs just because I like a game so much and feel like I underpaid for it.[November update] The game is still going strong, the character lineup is complete and bosses are almost all done. This is a stellar example of how Early Access can succeed.[February update] There's a new game mode--Daily Drive--with semi-randomised waves of enemies every day. You get one chance to not screw it up. Great way to add lots of replayability to an already-replayable game. Content is getting more and more complete every day. Devs are responsive on the forums. I don't have much to add here, except that I am still enjoying the game very much, and I wish more Early Access games could be like this."
,Recommended,250110,18677615,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,mrtreize,"This is the first shooter in ages that has me glued to my seat. The character designs are briliant and the shooting is fun and fast paced. It is never an overwhelming shooter, that is until you start high score chasing and playing the 'drive' modes. This game wants you to play through to the end on campaign mode. Each character has their strengths and weaknesses and finding out each for each character will be very fun. The only thing I could hope for in this game is for a better or more detailed bio for the character Starch. All the bosses seem terrified of her and I really want to know what this incident is that mandated her shut down and lock up. It just has to be a great story. Plus her dialogue is hilarious. Is it obvious that she is my favorite character? If this game runs so well on my gaming PC i can just imagine how well it will run on my PS4 when released. I cannot wait, this will be one of a very few games I will purchase twice. Before I forget let me mention the soundtrack. It is pretty good as well. It lends perfectly to the very fst nature of the game. Some levels will have better tracks than others but nowhere in the soundtrack would you say it is underwhelming. If you don't like shooters I think this one will change your mind. If you think you have played the best shooter try this one to let it try to change your mind. This is one game on Steam (and soon on consoles) that has earned it's brilliant reputation."
76561198029376571,Recommended,250110,19347436,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,m0rd,Fantastic Australian-made Indie Score Attack Shmup!
,Recommended,250110,19398932,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Supernintendoh,This game is well worth its Price. I did however get lucky enough to buy while on Sale.The game Music and sound are fantastic.Cute Characters and Unlockables.Pros :+ Cute cast of Characters+ Level Design is great ( in my opinion )+ Unlockable characters when you Beat a Zone+ Different charater types offer different weapon and are fun to play.+ Good Graphics and Sound+ Good Techno music ( fits the vibe )+ Great Controller support+ Bullet's everywhereCons :- Get's very hard sometimes ( But varys on the character and Fire power you use )- Gets crowded and sometimes lose track of which are bullets or not. Not a deal a breaker.- so far that is it. Not many cons to list but if I find any I will edit my post.
,Recommended,250110,21120315,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cool Robbit,"Holy moly, and also canoli.I love bullet hell games, let me just set the record straight. The devs are called ""Witch Beam"", which should be kind of telling.Don't be fooled by the twin stick control setup, this game is definitely a bullet hell title. AAC is very arcadey in style, putting heavy emphasis on scoring via chaining enemy kills consecutively while not getting hit too much, much like a proper bullet hell game. However, it also features roguelike-style dailies and an endless score run mode.The game's art style and dialogue are very tongue-in-cheek. Kind of like if Sonic Adventure grew up and realized how cheesy it was, then ran with it. The playable characters are all likeable in their own way, spouting one-liners while mowing down hordes of rogue AI. Each of the 9 heroes has a unique playstyle, posessing a unique primary and special weapon. Also, if it matters to you, despite the all-female playable cast, none of the characters are even remotely sexualized.Really charming and fun game, but if you're into games for the story, don't look here. If you want to do score attacks and ace every stage, buy it! You won't regret it, trust me."
,Recommended,250110,9006562,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"Great twin-stick shooter, and it's the best in its genre, you won't go wrong with this one, one sad thing about it is that it only has local coop and not online coop.More info at:http://www.ksalue.com/main/2014/02/2427/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocg761ws3MY"
,Recommended,250110,29748166,Posted: 6 February,all,Beeps,"I would describe the game as a great start.It's a twin-stick shooter with bullet hell elements where the character shot-type design is pretty varied. It hasexcellentanimations and a camera that rather impressively captures long-ranged and/or fast abilities that most games would have trouble with. It runs on a potato and usually looks nice.The main problems with the game are that the difficulty curve is totally ecletic, and that the bosses are very bland and uninteresting. That is a huge let-down in a genre where the bosses are usually the main attraction. The game is never particularly difficult, due to the interesting ""Battery"" mechanic where you can only die by failing to score a certain amount over time, instead of dying when your health depletes. I'm generally positive about this mechanic but my god does the game tend to use it as a crutch for completely negligent enemy and area design. The main source of difficulty is the sheer amount of enemies spawning at any given time, which can get very difficult to handle in stages with gimmicks. Despite the zone-based design, the difficulty of each stage appears to be totally arbitrary since in nearly all cases, smaller stages are harder than larger stages. This means that I managed to S+ rank three levels on the open-ended final zone on my first try, but I struggled to even get a C rank on a second zone level with tight corridor design and a rotating flamethrower.The bosses similarly seem to defy a curve. the second boss has an expanding and retracting swarm of insects protecting it with extremely little room to move once they retract on you. But the fourth boss'smost difficultattack is a curtain of bullets with obvious character-size holes inbetween them.Then there is the extremely bizarre decision of having barely two frames of invulnerablility after getting hit...in a bullet hell. This is what I mean by the game using the battery mechanic as a crutch. In any other twin-stick bullet hell this would be absolutely inexcusable, but because you can never ""die"" as a result of the time-attack design, I can't say I'm bothered about it. Batteries are averyinteresting mechanic, but it's obvious that they were used here to prevent people from whining about the difficulty.Pretty much the definition of ""points for trying"". I would have been much harder on the game if it wasn't an independent project."
,Recommended,250110,16179493,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Azure Nova,"An absolutely outstanding game that (for fans of futuristic elements, twin stick shooters, and robo-lolis) will never fail to please. This game claims to be in early access alpha, but it has so much content, even extending past the standard story mode, with several unlockable characters, no less than 4 worlds of story missions (at the time of writing), great backstory and character interaction with bosses, and much much more. If you like fast paced action games, constanly varying stage layouts, and unique gameplay elements outside of yoru run-of-the-mill twinstick shooter staring cute chatacters and a space station motif, then this is definitly the game for you!"
76561198025899966,Recommended,250110,23885433,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TwirlingFern,This is the best twin stick shooter in the store. Amazing graphics and swarms of enemies. Lots of characters to play as with different guns and play styles. Boss battles after each set of levels. You can chase high scores by chaining enemy kills. Global leader boards.
76561197983484973,Recommended,250110,32811133,Posted: 26 June,all,Splat,Great bullet hell/twin stick shooter.  Nice graphics that run at a high framerate.  Lots of characters with a variety of weapons.  The campaign is short but fun - I could see myself replaying it to get the highest rank on all levels.  There's an infinite mode and daily level for some arcade.
,Recommended,250110,30211219,Posted: 26 February,all,CosmicSloth,"This game is damn good fun!Assault Android Cactus is a game that you can play casually and pick up here and there. The graphics and gameplay are both very polished. The story is fun, and the dialog can be quite hilarious at times.It's a great twin stick shooter that has plenty of replayability. I've just about sunk in 3 hours of game time, and I've enjoyed every minute of it. Pick this one up if you're a fan of twin stick shooters, and want an incredibly fun and challenging game."
,Recommended,250110,33513688,Posted: 13 July,all,ej,"Cute multidirectional shooter which I played a lot during early access despite all the flaws and can't bring myself to play now. Quite good but not as great as the games of old that inspired it. Sometimes you can't see what kills you, sometimes controls feel not as precise as you want them to be, sometimes you die due to random factors. Battery mechanics, while adding lots of tension, can be extemely irritating, when it kills you when you were sure you've won, a cruel punishment for being too busy with something else, or just unlucky."
,Recommended,250110,14938161,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Smuggs,"Bought this for my 7 year old, £10.99 seems far price he played for an hour and loved it.im sure will play loads more.pros- plays great a my low end system fx6300 and gtx 650 ti boost never going below 60fps-tons of characters-music and soudn seemed very good- great big picture support for my ladcons- could not see a way of selecting easy,hard ect-lad loves trading cards  to use as  desktop wallpaper non to collectid say great game to add to collection 8/10"
,Recommended,250110,14548257,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,EightDrunkenGods,"Do you like twin-stick shooters?  Do you know what SHMUP is?  ""Yes"" to either = get this game.   AAC is pure arcade shooter fun.Don't be discouraged by the Alpha state.  This game is more polished and stable than most full releases.  It runs flawlessly on reasonable hardware.  Control (gamepad or keyboard/mouse) is smooth and really tight which are important for games like this.    Basically:  the core of the game is complete and future updates will cosmetic updates to a few levels, minor balance changes, additional game modes, and lore/story/info bits.  The devs are very responsive and open about future content.AAC has a few mechanics (such as the battery mechanic) which simultaneously lower the skill floor and raise the skill ceiling.  This makes the game accessible for novices but also very competitive if you like chasing high scores.  Otherwise, it has pretty much every feature you'd want in a game like this.  Level select for the levels that you've cleared.  An infinite arena mode.  A daily 10-wave mode that is different every day which adds a ton of replay-ability.  Quick access to different menus for character/level/mode select.Co-op is a riot but it's local only.  You can have up to 4 players and you can mix and match control schemes (you can play 3 person co-op with 2 controllers and one keyboard/mouse) but it has to be done old-school-console style.  This makes AAC a really great co-op game if you have an HTPC or living room PC.Player base is small-ish but they are pretty dedicated to dominating the leaderboards so expect some stiff competition that's your thing.I love this game."
76561197993840897,Recommended,250110,25423490,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kohr-Ah,"Oh goodness. This little bundle of chaos was a treat for the eyes, ears and the thirst for mayhem. If you push through, you may finish the game in a few hours. However, there is a wide variety of playable characters, each with their own colourful personality and playstyle that might tempt you to give things another go, if not face the bosses over and over just to see the differing exchanges of dialgoue.There's lot of polish and charm in what is a fairly solid game.The game is local multiplayer too, so if you have a mate or three, don't miss the chance to have a blast."
,Recommended,250110,8614335,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,frontac,Pretty fun shooter with good co-op. Get it if you have $15 floating around
,Recommended,250110,7753281,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CrackerJackMonster,"This game is a wip but as it stands it is one of the most beautiful, polished, fun piece of twin stick gameness I've played in a while. Also, it contains a bit of dialog; surely a high ranking game on my list."
76561197980789250,Recommended,250110,18256567,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,squiddy,"great game, kinda reminds me of touhou series (all female cast, bullet patterns...) but a bit easier, great music, good voice acting, online scoreboard is great and the price is pretty good, highly recommendmy only complain is lack of online co-op"
,Recommended,250110,12105496,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,nifboy,"An excellent twinstick shooter with smart design, great music and regular updates for the past year. What more can you ask from an early access game?"
76561197969793678,Recommended,250110,13399006,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gaizokubanou,"Assault Android Cactus is a very simple game that demonstrates just how important good execution is in game development.This is a twin stick shooter with multiple characters that have two weapons (one upgrade-able spammed primary, another more powerful attack on short cooldown).  The health-death mechanic is bit different because health loss costs you score/weapon level and you only really 'die' by running out of time limit.The levels work mostly by changing the terrain on the fly rather than having you move towards something.  So instead of more traditional 'scroll left' type of map, think of an arena where walls and grounds are changing every now and then.The enemy variations are pretty good IMO.  You got your standard slow dumb cannon fodders to bigger mooks with varying tactics (some shoots seekers at you, some ground pound for shockwave, etc.), swarmers to turrets  to verticle missile launching robot dogs, it's got healthy variety in both design and function.So all of this probably reads rather conservative in terms of mechanics and yes, you probably have seen all of these bits and pieces before but you probably haven't seen them to this degree of polish.  Dare I say it, this game plays like indie take on twinstick shooter with the famous ""Blizzard polish"".  Fans of the genre would be amiss to not have this in their library, and for new comers this game is really good introduction to the genre."
,Recommended,250110,12962677,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,AliceTheGorgon,"Awesome twin-stick style shooter. Try the demo, then buy the game."
76561198006077855,Recommended,250110,13750020,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Voodoo,"High-Adrenaline top-down view TwinStick Shooter with a hint of Bullet Hell. Early Access, but very playable. Couch Coop is great.Explosive gameplay, shut down your brain and let your reflexes go :D"
,Recommended,250110,9682241,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,SDF1,Arcade perfection.
,Recommended,250110,33149774,Posted: 2 July,all,Blaster,Finger-hurting good.
76561197997068175,Recommended,250110,11767912,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Phantasmagoria,"Accelerating and radical!Assault Android Cactus while having one of the weirder titles i've come across, this is by far one of the best Isometric shooters i've seen in years.Let me start by saying that i adore the cute design they gave these ''Androids'' by giving them different weapons and strategies to have new ways to approach each given level.The soundtrack is upbeat and really makes things intense as thousands of enemies just drop by out of nowhere.Oh and the artstyle/design is quite creative and never feels quite repetitive.Despite being in early access, this game is still alot of fun and is best played with more than one player.I recomend you to try this game with your friends, toss them a controller and have a blast!"
,Recommended,250110,28960298,Posted: 2 January,all,daughtermurder™,"I'll preface this by saying I am a gigantic fan of twin stick shooters going all the way back to Robotron and Smash TV.The pricepoint for gameplay is fantastic. The additional characters and options add replayability and the score board gives the competitive folks something to strive for.This is one of those games that will be on my hard drive for a while, filling up my free time between queues in other games or 'dead time' before work/appointments/etc."
,Recommended,250110,24761470,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MaleSensitivity,"I like this game.  My only regret is waiting months to buy it after I initially heard how good it is!  It is fast-paced and fun from start to finish!  My only gripe so far is that the characters seem a bit unbalanced.  If I am not playing as Android Cactus or Android Meow (Lemon), I feel like I am being short changed.  Having a shotgun or a tracking pistol are not as effective as using spray shots or the assault rifle as primaries.  As matter of fact, I died multiple times using the shotgun class as I couldn't take down the number of enemieis on screen at once while using it.  I plan to come back to this later and play it more, but I can already see improvements are needed.  Outside of that, this is pretty good!"
,Recommended,250110,8884565,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,7777 Tʜɛ Ӻ๑๛∂ß¡╬ξrร,"Over the top action, hardcore gameplay, tons of replay value, worth every digital red cent. Kick♥♥♥♥♥and taking names here comes with leaderboards and local-coop. One of the first games I've not been salty at all lacks internet support as of now, whether they will have it or not.If you love non stop shootem up action with the merits of strategy and tactics, I assure you this will not dissapoint. I give this a 10 out of 10 in every category possible for gaming applicable. FUNGASIM!"
,Recommended,250110,10526441,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,™ Æñç,BEST.   GAME ..   EVER!!
76561198027611474,Recommended,250110,9727883,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Bubadubadoo,"This game is excellent. It's very fast-paced, constant action, and it only looks like it'll get better as time goes on. It certainly isn't finished, but that doesn't mean it isn't very fun to play. The boss fights add a bit of story, with different dialog for each character. There could be improvements, for example some feedback when you get hit so you know to move if you're looking on the other side of the screen... which is often in this game. Also, the difficulty spikes up suddenly (although that might just be me...) Overall, this is an amazing game."
76561198003734227,Recommended,250110,18248700,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Deskrin,"Very Fun and Addictive and feels very polished. It's been awhile since i've played a good Twin Shooter like this. Plenty of characters and content to unlock and each boss encounter changes the DIalogue depending on the character you're playing through with, which i thought was a nice touch. My only complaint would be that it's a little short. Although there is a lot of replayability with new character unlocks and trying to get an S ranking on each stage. Overall i would say its a pretty good deal."
,Recommended,250110,8603675,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Berger Boy,If you miss those over-head arcade wave based shooters. Why don't you take a seat and pay attention. This game caught me off guard completely. Each Charcter is different to match anyones play style. And it seems that they are adding more. I don't want to sound too over hyped over this game. I mean it's not even finished yet. But it's been a while since a game has made me this excited and overjoyed.The controls are simple and practicle. Much like any game should be.With the character design of something from your old N64. And the graphics of a modern day indie game. The game is very appealing and refreshing to look at.You may be to sucked into the action to notice but it's got a pretty smashing soundtrack as well.If you're looking for an Early Access game that takes you back to the good days of gaming. Pick this one up.Don't get fooled by the cute eyes. This game gets really hardcore.Best Indie Game on the Market.My Rating: 10/10
76561198017020672,Recommended,250110,18218578,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Exai,"A solid shoot-em-up dynamic arcade with astonishing graphics, some nice extra features, different characters to select from, who actually differ from one another in every way possible, very nice music, plenty of original features, like level-arenas changing their layout on the go and other chaos. Oh, and pretty engaging boss fights!Your character doesnt die, but has a 'battery charge' timer, which she has to recharge as you go through the stage.Surely, there is room for improvement, like something on the lines of character weapon customisation or maybe selection from multiple toon-specific weapons, more powerups, maybe some DLC here and there with more levels and crazed bosses - more everything. Truth be told however this is just nitpicking, the game is better than some AAA releases as small as it is.Simple, fast-paced, skill-based, quite replayable and with a cartoon-style 3d incredibly cute artwork to die for, what else is there you could ask for?"
76561198005415393,Recommended,250110,19391249,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,rockford,Normaly I am not into twin stick shooters but this one is an exception.Quite polished gameplay. Really fun *plus* it was even already good while beeing in early access.Another *plus* which is quite important for me: Flawless running linux version.Who need AAA-Games? This is AAC which is even better in my opinion.The gameplay is very fast paced. Therefore not a game people who like it slow.The (all female) Androids are very cute but this should not be a reason to underestimate ther power.One thing: You will have nighmares of depleted batteries after playing this.
76561198137933628,Recommended,250110,21995351,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Simple Tora,"I'd consider this one of those ""Hidden gem"" games.Gameplay 10/10Visuals 10/10Music 10/10Characters 10/10Challenging 10/10The only thing keeping this game from sparking into Undertale tier is probably it's lack of Online co-op (which was stated not going to be added) but it's definatley worth it as a single player (though it has local co-op)"
,Recommended,250110,21396345,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,LastOfArcadia,"Awesome awesome game!  One of the best twin stick shooters I have ever played!  With a myriad of characters to play as, steam cards, achievements and an amazing soundtrack, all I can say is BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,250110,21428254,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,adnz.exe,"Very well polished game with excellent gameplay. The achievements are a nice challenge and after that there is still stuff to do, like climbing leaderboards."
76561198010088698,Recommended,250110,17013392,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Swiftpaw,"Highly recommended for Linux/SteamOS gamers.GOOD: This game is fun and very smooth and performant.BAD:  They need to fix controller support still.  At the time of writing they are working on it, so you will need that mouse and keyboard for a little while longer."
,Recommended,250110,7587733,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,RoX,"[Early Access Review]Underneath the cute exterier of Assault Andriod Cactus is a brutal game that requires a tooth guard for it's hard hitting and teeth grinding action. It is also one of the finest examples of Twin Stick Arcade Action Shooters on the market. The bar this developer set for the genre is now set extremely high for any Twin Stick game to try to compete with.You'll need to bring quick reactions for the fast paced non-stop action. With the hoards of enemies, morphing arena, power ups, explosions, more enemies, grueling boss battles, environmental hazards, walls of bullets, even more enemies, and the option of your friends playing simultaniously (local co-op, for your cheap friends) you need to be quick. The gameplay and levels are so well designed and balanced, that they'll have you coming back for more, time and time again. Even in its early access state this game is solid and almost feels complete.Personally, I'm a sucker for anything twin stick shooter so even with a price tag of $15, for me it wasn't a question of being worth the cost but how long it would take to download but for everyone else I can honestly say at that for the price it is worth every cent, and even more so for those who have an arcade action addiction like mine.The one small issue I have with the game is with the text based dialog. I'm hoping this is only an early access thing and haven't gotten around to doing the voice overs or, since this is a robot based game, use a text to voice program. I know this isn't a huge issue for some but me being a musician, I'm a stickler when it comes to audio.The only other issue I have with the game is that I got it on early access. Yeah, I get to play it before it is completed but here in lies my problem. It's like hanging a brilliant painting on your wall that is not finished yet. You can see it, even though you don't really see the real final product. I'm aware this is petty gripe. ....but! On the other hand, its not that the $15 I spent is going to pay my rent or even my phone bill for that matter, but my contribution is going to a worthy developement team that is working diligently to make a decent product, all the while keeping public relations strong in the community hub.OverviewGame Play:Twin Stick Arena ShooterGraphics:Great - runs great on my i5 - intel HD3000 laptop even though according to the dev, ""the HD3000 graphics are below minimum spec's.""Sound:The sound track is great but it is missing the voice overs! Still early access though and it's on my wish list!Controls:Great! - Highly recommend with a controller, as twin stick shooters are meant to be played with 2 sticks.Replayability:Yes! - I find myself going back to levels I've already beaten in attempts for higher rankings on the leader board. Plus the wreckage and carnage is pretty fun!Overall:9/10 - Solid gameplay! [/code]""This is a must for any Twin Stick fan and highly recommended for everyone else!""-Rox"
,Recommended,250110,29348008,Posted: 18 January,all,basically god,8/10Final boss made me want to kill myself which is great.11/10 ign could have been better
,Recommended,250110,29444962,Posted: 23 January,all,RevOcelot,Absolutely fantastic game.You can just feel that a lot of hard work went into polishing this brilliant twin stick shooter bullet hell game. It's a master piece and one of the most fun things to play in front of the same TV with your friends.I really hope there's gonna be a sequel.
76561197970719962,Recommended,250110,18400055,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Showtime100,"Saw this reviwed by Total Biscuit. It is a simple twin stick shooter, with power ups and transforming levels. Different Androids are better for different types of levels, so if you get stuck you choose another to try and conquer the stage. Its simply and you think you will get bored until you realise that a couple of hours have passed and your still having as much fun as when you started. So good it made me write a review for it and I have 400+ games in my steam library and it won't break the bank to buy! :)"
,Recommended,250110,18138676,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Player,"Supremely polished and well executed twin-stick shooter. Simple concept, easy to learn and hard to master. Levels are short and punchy, each usually with a gimmick, a good sense of escalation, and never outstay their welcome.Frequently described as a ""Bullet Hell"" shooter, that's somewhat of a disingenuous title. Bullet Hell shooters typically depend a lot on memorisation and can feel frustrating when a single mistake costs you everything.By comparison, AAC feels far more forgiving than most any of the bullet hell shooters I've ever played (this is NOT the same as requiring less skill to perfect, more on that later). Whilst there are often floods of enemies and bullets onscreen, you have a (relative to the genre) generous shield which allows you to take some hits before being knocked down. Even this is a unique design decision, as it doesn't automatically end the level level, it merely sucks up time. In order to survive, you merely have to defeat the level before your battery runs out (recharges drop intermittently as you destroy robots).As such, completing the levels is doable once you get used to the systems at work. But the real draw of the game is when you stop ""surviving"" and start aiming for ""the perfect run"" (No knock-downs, one continuous combo chain). All the levels are built around this, to the point that they've included a handy ""auto-restart"" option should you miss the combo.Far too many modern games depend on lengthy grinds and unlockables to try to get you to keep playing. In AAC, the what keeps you playing is getting better at the game, getting that S+ (and then, purple S+). Unlockable characters are present, but don't depend on a grind, just beating the levels.It's why over the past couple of years of Early Access I'ved dumped about 100 hours worth of 10 minute intervals into this game where other ostensibly more ""in-depth"" grindy titles left me cold.It's a solid and easy recommendation. Try the demo. Learn to survive. Then learn to S+. The game opens up from there."
76561198061728717,Recommended,250110,16033978,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DogNutButter,"Oh...My..Goodness... This game was awesome the animation detail, the charactars, the amazing difficulty... I really liked this game I beat it in 6.2 hours (the boss was really hard #~#). I do care imensly about which charector i chose i did this completely solo so weaknesses cant be patched as easily,Holly has a seeker weapon (homing shots) but if theres a bullet sponge of an enemy you may drop your combo from bullets diverging. Although the story leaves much to be desired but the controls and game play are astounding ive never writen a review because games don't mark me as this did i still feel like im gonna barf after beating that boss. although the games difficult and can upset some people i still recommend playing it. Whenever you beat a stage its a reward knowing that you persiviered through that my final rating is a 9/10 respectively."
,Recommended,250110,17855639,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Frenchbreadpizza_,"It's a simple concept with a fantastic layer of polish. This game throws it back to the days of classic couch co-op and revives it with modern graphics. Overall, it get's a 9/10 from me.Pros+ Daily Drive will keep things fresh for people who are looking for a new challenge regularly.+ Infinity Drive is a huge time sink and gets progressively harder at a steady pace.+ Campaign is alright, but it's a Twin-Stick shooter, so campaign is more of an afterthought in my opinion. It could be worse.+ Flexible graphics options! This would be a great game to play on a laptop as long as you have a controller.Cons- No online multiplayer.- Dialog is repetitive (Again, twin stick shooter, kind of an afterthought).This title is fairly priced for what you get. I would reccomend this game entirely if you're a fan of twin-stick shooters or just looking for a good time, be it by yourself or with friends."
,Recommended,250110,18161740,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Demicol,"I wasn't impressed untill I unlocked a character who's main weapon was sending out a small spinning robot with laser beams/blades around it, holding the attack button made it go forward and releasing it made it start coming back to you. Oh and her secondary is shooting out a singularity.This game is a solid shoot'em'up in vein of Smash TV and the like. Each stage is a small self contained arena that evolves as the fight goes on, adding or dropping out parts of it."
76561198073400944,Recommended,250110,18163468,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MetalSharkPlaya,"Assault Android Cactus was one of my early purchases since joining Steam a couple of years ago, and even in its Early Access stage, had remained one of my favorite games from my library.  Now that it's finally complete, I would love for anyone who's been on the fence to give this wonderful arcade blast-a-thon a go.What makes AAC such a great videogame is that it is just that -- a damn videogame.  There's no need here for bloaty features like RPG elements, perks, weapon customization, or what have you.  If you just wanna turn off your brain an' go out gunz a-blazin' with unlimited ammo, this game is it, and the three-person Witch Beam crew were steadfast in delivering that experience.  With little to get in your way, AAC is perfect pick-up-and-play fun for both casual players and S+ experts.After a short tutorial and a couple of cutscenes, the game catapults your chosen Android into a campaign filled with relentless robots ready to wreck you.  Using your unique primary and secondary weapons, as well as some helpful temporary powerups, you must destroy wave after wave of bots or duke it out with a fearsome Section Lord before proceeding to the next stage.  Five hits will knock your character down, but you can press the buttons repeatedly to get back up and continue the fight, no problem!  But don't party just yet -- Assault Android Cactus also features an interesting gimmick in the form of the Battery Meter.  Instead of relying on a limited number of Lives, the Game Over screen gleefully waits for your Android's power to completely drain during battle, so be on the lookout for occasional Battery drops from enemies to keep yourself afloat.  This feature adds to the intensity of the game, as you're encouraged to balance between being careful and getting aggressive.If you wanna take a break from AAC's Campaign, there are indeed other modes to try out:  Boss Rush, the Daily Drive, and the endless Infinity Drive.  There are also fun unlockables (""funlockables""?), such as other playable Androids, and with enough hard-earned in-game credits, you can purchase character art and bios, story info, and the excellent EX Mode features.  The EX Modes alter the game in cool ways, such as placing the gameplay in First Person view, changing the graphics (can you handle Psychedelic?), or even allowing helpful A.I.-controlled Androids to assist you for faux co-op play.Speaking of co-op, while up to four players can have at it, I should mention that it is local only, as Witch Beam did not have the means to work in online multiplayer.  AAC was originally to be only single-player, but they were able to change that at least.  I sincerely hope the lack of online co-op doesn't deter you from trying out this game, and that perhaps the unlockable A.I. mode will suffice.Again, if you're looking for simply ""a damn videogame"", and don't mind local co-op, I highly and wholeheartedly recommend Assault Android Cactus.  A lot of love was put into this game, and it definitely shows.  Pick up an' play it!"
76561197972254549,Recommended,250110,18164452,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pin,"I don't write many reviews on Steam. I think I've only ever done it for one other game and that was a game I loved too.I cannot recommend this game enough, played it since it was in early access, at 60 hours at time of writing.What's good?Awesome music.The characters and their personalities and different playstyles.Lots of character and charm oozing out of everything, the enemies, the player characters, the bosses.Level pacing is great, lots of unique levels with transformations or environmental thingies.Awesome music.Rewards alll skill levels.You can be bad at it when just starting and it's still fun to play, just trying to beat the levels.Once you get good, you can go for an S (don't die).Once you get better, you can go for S+ (perfect combo).Great in co-op (and not just because you're playing with someone) my wife and I beat the whole game together.Awesome music.No bugs, runs super smooth, feels great.Daily challenge if you're into that."
76561197996888258,Recommended,250110,18171366,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sushiheaven,"It could've been even better with online multiplayer feature.But you know, considering it's on early access, it's a nice game."
,Recommended,250110,18171879,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Catamaran,*Musthave* for twin stick shooter / bullethell fans.Perfectly playable with keyboard and mouse.
,Recommended,250110,18176646,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Buzzard,"Superb fun, the sound is great, the graphics are stylish and clear even when the action cranks up and it has that one more go quality every time you fail."
,Recommended,250110,18179821,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Shook from Day 1,"Just a little bit into it so far but controls are tight, feedback is on point and FX are hot."
,Recommended,250110,18180292,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lavitz Slambart,An absolute blast!
76561198056902770,Recommended,250110,18186820,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Lios,Reasons to buy this game:-Smooth gunplay and Overall game feel-Dynamic levels-Good humor-Cute yet badass enemies and character design-Nice music-Awesome bossesReasons not to buy this game :-
76561198030466569,Recommended,250110,18189005,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,prehemencie,I love this game.  It's a bullet hell that's not too punishing when you get hit.  All the androids play very differently.
,Recommended,250110,18229266,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SPITZtheGOD,This game is amazing.... I need more of this in my life.
76561198025519083,Recommended,250110,18245606,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,TheFuzzyMilitia,"Add another to ""Tried the demo, cursed bought the game,""SO MUCH FUN!Also, Pineapple!!"
,Recommended,250110,18246397,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,CasualOne,"Probably one of the funnest games I've had the pleasure of playing recently. Just pure enjoyment. Whether you're a hardcore gamer or a casual player, this game has elements for everyone. Highly recommended and I hope WitchBeam will continue to make more games!"
76561197990600543,Recommended,250110,18287207,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,unfnknblvbl,"A quirky, fun, and super addictive top-down twinstick shooter, Assault Android Cactus will capture your imagination with its gorgeous design and simple, yet deep gameplay. The game features a roster of unique characters, each with their own special abilities, and you get to unlock more as the game progresses. The game is enthrallingly difficult at times, but never does it get you so mad you want to throw your controller across the room. The graphics are great, and somehow invoke memories of the Sega Dreamcast, although I cannot think of a game that looked or played anything like this on the machine.At $15, this game is an utter bargain. Come on, you've spent more than that on utter rubbish before, why not spend it on something great?"
,Recommended,250110,18540793,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mercy Main,"Fantastic gameplay, extremely addictive."
76561198047438354,Recommended,250110,19126133,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ash,"Another awesome game out of Brisbane!This game looks so nice and is so much fun, it's hard to believe it comes from a small indie crew and not a large team."
76561198017297483,Recommended,250110,20662800,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Herr Rossi,this is so much fun....i better shut up
,Recommended,250110,20776815,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Niddian,I haven't fought for leadboards in decades. AAC changed that.
,Recommended,250110,20777413,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rocky,"Really fun. Fast pace, solid mechanics and a good amount of depth and variety."
76561197969439728,Recommended,250110,20779555,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Caanan,This is a fun arcade shooter. I was surprised how much fun I have had with it.
76561197972364092,Recommended,250110,21157090,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Lockey,"Assault Android Cactus is the best twin stick shooter I have ever played. Controls are tight, the enemies distinct, the visuals great. And the soundtrack is perfect. This is a really well polished game.The game is about getting through each level with the best possible score. The battery mechanic forces you to get through enemies as quickly and efficiently as possible so the next battery drops in time. It's game over when power runs out.  Levels transform between waves to add a little challenge. There are different androids to pick from, each with their own play style. My favorite android is Starch, with its laser and missile special attack.The daily drive and infinity drive add replay value and are fun to pick up every once in a while.I haven't tried the coop mode.I heartily recommend this game."
,Recommended,250110,22204331,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,^;..;^ | ViralOmega,"This game is ranked up their as one of my all-time favorite shmups. The story is minimal, but its all it needs to be as it sets the stage perfectly for where you are and why you are fighting hordes of robots. You start out with one of many playable female robot character each with their own drastically different playstyle. This arena shmups takes the genre to a new level as nearly each level transforms to change the landscape at certain stages. Few games get their formula and enjoyment right in terms of getting me to play level more than once, but this game is one of them. Getting an S+ rank is hard and rewarding and thanks to each characters different playstyle each level and their horde spawns require a little re-learning.Thank you Witchbeam dev."
,Recommended,250110,16620085,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jon Evans,"Assault Android Cactus is a gem of a game. The premise is that you are part of an all-female Android police team who have responded to the calls of a stranded space freighter and discovered a plague of malfunctioning maintenance robots who have gone awry. You have to battle these robots, make your way through the crippled space ship, the Genki Star, find the brain of the ship and fix things while avoiding becoming a bullet sponge.Each arena is a stage on that journey. Your android has two unique weapons, a main continuous use weapon which has unlimited ammo, and a secondary weapon with more power and unique abilities, but with a slower reload to limit use. You dash around the arenas, avoid the varied robots that crawl, jitter, fly and stomp towards with your demise in mind. All the time you move and fire your weapons, your batteries are used up. There is no death in this game, after all you are an android and are not alive, nevertheless the sense of urgency which the battery forces upon the player is palpable and a strong part of the gameplay mechanic. You can get 'hurt', however by taking too many hits or getting too close to certain enemies and if you take too much damage you power down temporarily, freezing you on the spot while you manically have to pump the fire button to re-energise your character. If you do run out of battery then you permanently power down, ending the gameAll the while you are moving around, this is important as keeping still means almost certain death on harder levels, you also get the opportunity to collect power-ups. Small white orbs are dropped by all the enemies as you destroy them and these contribute to the overall power of your weapons, scaling them up as you collect more. Also dropped are larger temporary power-ups, that are colour coded according to use. Blue ones freeze any current enemies on the spot, allowing to time how you pick them off, red ones add extra firepower to your main gun (my favourite) and yellow ones are like red bull; they give you wings, allowing you to zip around the arena at high speed. There is a good risk reward system here. Get too close to enemies, or take too many shots and you lose these power-ups immediately.The depth to the gameplay does not stop there, however. Each arena is graded according to how well you clear them; not taking hits, never powering down and piling up chain shots all contribute to a higher grade. If you can avoid power downs and maintain a permanent chain throughout the level you achieve the highest rating, the S+, and unlock extra modes in the main game. This adds a massive extra level of playability, as the difficulty curve becomes quite steep. Couple this with the shifting levels, the variety of enemies and how they attack you, Assault Android Cactus becomes extremely nuanced.Speaking of the shifting levels, the variety in design is excellent. It makes for much more tactical and thoughtful gameplay than first impressions suggest. You could just wade in all barrels blazing, but that wouldn't help to achieve the higher grades. Clever use of the alternate weapons at just the right time (useful for the bosses), thinking ahead when moving, learning the habits of enemies and second guessing them, taking advantage of the weaknesses of the robots at just the right time, using the shifting levels to block line of sight, learning the patterns of bosses and discovering which android works best in which arena make this an onion layered challenge of the highest and most exciting order. Nevertheless that doesn't stop the game being fun and approachable for the less experienced player.The game looks beautiful, and blends the feel of a retro shooter with the looks of a next-gen console game. The graphics are pin-sharp, and were demoed on a massive 4K  screen at  the SMPTE 2013 Symposium. The soundtrack is poppy and pleasing, adapting and changing to your gameplay and the art design and characters are fun and don't take themselves too seriously, edging on the cutesy anime style. It is very hard to remember that Witch Beam are a three man team. This is quite an accomplishment.It is important to note I played this game with a PS4 controller attached to my Mac. I tried playing with a mouse and WASD buttons. and it was very challenging and felt a lot slower. This could just me being a sad, old console fan-boy, but it's worth playing with twin stick controls to get the real fluid movement.There's a wealth of fan service on the Assault Android Cactus website showing development of the game, creation of extra characters based on fan feedback, art and design assets and regular updates on new patches and features.Why are you still reading this? You should be playing it. Awesome stuff."
,Recommended,250110,18121466,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Zharfenstein,"Excellent fun, alone or with friends. Beware though that friends will make this a lot harder ;)"
76561198021885112,Recommended,250110,18419955,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,scoredog,"The nearest I'd come to playing a twin-stick shooter was Bastion so the learning curve for me was steep with this game. Especially those bosses. The horror. I quickly got sucked in and obsessed with keeping that combo chain going. The feeling of godlike power when you have a maxed-out weapon with both the pretty wings and tiny robots (Starch-4-lyf) power-ups is awesome. The characters are great too, something I normally would not really care about in an arcade shooter like this.Be warned: this is not a relaxing game. It has one difficulty setting and it will cause you stress, especially if you're a completionist. It's a game of deceptively deep mechanics that caters for hardcore score-chasers."
,Recommended,250110,18451116,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,tgun,Game is quite awesome - as good as a twin stick shooter can and/or will be. Great for those who love grinding out record attempts (leaderboard challenge!) or those who want to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with friends.
76561198004189125,Recommended,250110,20477978,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Malferno,"Assault Android Simulator of the Year, every year...."
,Recommended,250110,18190732,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,B Nice,"Feels like something SEGA would have developed during the Dreamcast era; arcadey, fast, clean and colorful art and designed to be replayed."
76561198005030674,Recommended,250110,18192860,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Calysto,Awesome.
,Recommended,250110,18189966,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,✔❺➄,"When I don't want to think about much, and want to blow things up, I keep coming back to this lately."
76561197970616335,Recommended,250110,18335559,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,PUNCHY PUNCHY lolwut,"Bought this game when it was on sale and it was the best cash I've spent in a while.All the old school bullet hell elements are here with likeable characters, great level design, and awesome music.My only regret was not buying the music DL from the start.Assault Android Awesome!!!!"
76561198000865311,Recommended,250110,18458223,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ebiness,"Assault Android Cactus is a fast paced, extremely stylish twin stick shooter with a fantastic soundtrack that I would absolutely recommend to anyone who has even the slightest interest in either twin stick shooters or high score based arcade games.I've never written a review for a game on Steam before, but AAC was for me personally such a surprisingly enjoyable experience, that I simply couldn't resist writing a few lines about how great this game is.AAC provides you with a multitude of different characters, each with their own unique weapon layouts, that you can use to either blast your way through the game‘s story mode, or through various other modes like a high score attack or boss rush mode. While some of these characters are available from the very start of the game, others must be unlocked by playing through the game's story mode, and each of them brings its own unique playstyle to the table.While the story mode can be completed within a few hours, the real allure of the game lies in its high score system. I can't remember the last time a game has successfully motivated me to try scoring for an S+ rank on every single stage, but AAC is so masterfully designed, that I didn't mind playing a stage over and over again until I had achieved a perfect score. No matter how often I had to restart a stage, the gameplay just always felt great and when I had finally managed to reach an S+ ranking, the sense of satisfaction was simply overwhelming. And even after reaching a perfect score on a stage, I would just replay it again later with a different character, to see whether I could reach another S+ with a completely different weapon layout. (A quick note for all Gurren Lagann fans: One of the characters even carries a giant drill into battle that you can use to pierce your enemies as well as the heavens ;))I could probably go on and on about how much I love this game, but I'm afraid eventually you readers would lose all interest in my ramblings, so tl;dr:Great game, best twin stick shooter I've played in years, I want more of it."
,Recommended,250110,18666372,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,aaron,fun game
,Recommended,250110,19578923,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Bumpty Head,"Fun, franetic action. I'm don't really play twin stick shooters but this game has one of my hightest hour played times of all my games.  Great to pick up and play if you only have a few minutes but also excellent for long stretches when you are trying to chase combos.  The multiplayer is super chaotic and amazing:)."
76561198026163104,Recommended,250110,20477680,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ADK,AWESOME AND RELENTLESS!STEAM ARCADE FANTASY IS REAL!
,Recommended,250110,20742555,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,MantisShrimpKin,"It's a very short but promising game, if more indie titles could be like this that'd be great, awesome visual style, well voice acted and effort definitely was put it into, be cool to see more juicy stuff from this studio."
76561198176959619,Recommended,250110,22062979,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,AustriaGamer,"This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥  When playing, 12 hours can go by in what seems like 12 minutes.  It has happened to us a few times.  Don't expect to run through the game.  It gets hard as hell in the later stages, to the point of ridiculousness.  Assault Android Cactus is a rare example of superior game design."
,Recommended,250110,9785765,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Skoll,Updating my Early Access review :This game is super fun! Cute characters with a variety of weapons and specials.If you in any way like arcade / twin-stick shooters grab it. The soundtrack is top notch too.
,Recommended,250110,19283725,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ryuu,"Nice shoot em up!Instead of just hit & die, there a battery draining by the time go that make the game more challenge. It give me a headache at first for avoiding the enemy/bullet & aiming them at the same time, but it really fun.However, the game level is really small and most of the time I found myself run into the wall & stuck there while I focus on aiming."
,Recommended,250110,19363791,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,meklu,A rather hectic yet fun top-down shooter with a bunch of different playable characters whose attacks are drastically different from each other gameplay-wise. The extra options you can unlock by playing are pretty cool as well. First-person mode with the ultimate lens flare effect is just nuts.Starch > All
76561197960272544,Recommended,250110,19297084,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dav,"Assault Android Cactus is a fast paced twinstick shooter, with unique and stunning visuals. It is great to play co operatively with friends or alone. The boss fights are intricate and can be very challenging but it is rewarding to down them."
,Recommended,250110,16949005,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Commandhat,"This is an incredibly fun, if maybe a little too chaotic, game.These are the ""main points"" of the game:-NOT suffering from Early Access Syndrome! Updates every two weeks, at the least, and there is at least minor attention shown to the community reactions.-It's chaotic. Like, Beat Hazard level of chaotic. Sure, you can still see your character... most of the time, the problem is picking out which bullets come from you and which came from the thirty enemies you just massacred.-Characters are simple, yet detailed. Every character has two weapons, and many have their own voice acting. One of the robots, for example, names the powerups like most Lets Players would name them: ""Fun Circles!"" ""Pretty Wings!""The weapons behind each character also have some thought put into them. Starch, for example, has a laser. It doesn't do much damage, but as you level it up (temporarily - you grab XP balls form dropped robots), the damage output gets higher. Get downed once, and you're back to a level 1 laser. Go too long without picking up XP balls and the laser starts losing DPS. It requires a LOT of quick thinking to keep the laser at full strength.-You are going to have nightmares about the alarm noise you hear when the battery level is getting low.-GRAB. A. FRIEND. The game can be played solo, and there are slightly lower enemy counts when only one player is around, but the difficulty level spikes quickly at the first boss and it will not stop there. You can eventually earn enough game credits to buy AI teammates to shoot far away distractions, but it'll be a while until you can.-One of the recent updates added some buyable extra options (available under Collections in the main menu) that can change the way you play. For example, you can buy a first person camera as a replacement for the normal camera angle to aim your weapon much more easily. These are still a heavy work in progress, and it shows with some scenery dissappearing and reappearing in places (such as the first level), and your FPS going down considerably when you use the first person camera."
76561198055567827,Recommended,250110,13724766,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tohabath,"(Updated Review)So apparently... Aubergine means ""Eggplant"".Assault Android Cactus is one of my favorite games on Steam. It's over the top, it's adorable, and it knows how to keep it's audience playing. The satisfaction that comes from pulling off a satisfying rank is always well emphasized- from the music letting you know you're on a roll, to your character's voice exclaiming how unstoppable she is, to your weapon kicking into high gear and unleashing a flurry of projectiles. This is a fun game, with a charming cast of characters and enough interesting dialogue to keep you invested. The bosses are pretty OP, so if you want that S+ rank for every level, you have your work cut out for you. This is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,250110,20275261,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Strongest Baka⑨,I haven't been playing this game longer than tenminutes past the launch screen and it's already just that good.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the game is way too smooth in transitioning from menu to game to each event
,Recommended,250110,20839992,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ethereal_Noob,"The characters are cute and varied in flavor. The Graphics are crisp and beautiful. The game flows nicely. I didn't get very far, because I suck."
,Recommended,250110,28894390,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"This twin stick shooter is surprisingly addictive. Don't be fooled by its outer appearance, it will leave you wanting more if you're a big fan of the genre. My only complain is that it's really short, but it's fun nonetheless."
76561197970547407,Recommended,250110,27019864,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,foo,"I expect ""Twin Stick Shooter"" games to have the frenzied mayhem of Robotron 2084 arcade (the benchmark for the genre).  I'm happy to report this game offers similar visceral, robot-killing madness.  No weapon reloading required.  (Reloading is the scourge of twin stick shooters.)Also consider Geometry Wars 3."
,Recommended,250110,19471926,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Simon.cleric,"Pros:+ Amazing characters+ Fantastic soundtrack+ Simple, but interesting story+ Despite having many visual effects, the game is very easy on the eyes+ Not hard enough to be stressful, but enough to provide challenge+ Dailies and leaderbords for competitive audience+ Co-op+ Pretty wingsCons:- Some things may feel unfairly hard (comes with the genre, I guess)- Rather short story- Not too much weapon variety aside from every android having 2 different types of attack- Only 3 power-ups (speed boost, time freeze, turrets), which again is a lack of varietyIn-depth:I don't know where to start with this game, so I will start with the most important thing. Assault Android Cactus is undoubtedly one of my favorite games ever made, and I don't say this lightly. It's weird to say, but I don't really compare this game to other twin-stick shooters. I compare it to Devil May Cry 3. Because this is exactly how it feels to me (except, it has better controls).It is action sequence after action sequence with witty commentaries of loveable characters who go through a cheesy, yet interesting story, while listening to absolutely fantastic music. All of this makes you forget your troubles and ultimately, I think this is what games are for.I'm not a huge fan of twin-stick shooters or bullet hell games. To be honest, I'm just bad at them. They are so bright, everything always explodes and shoots at you from all directions, I just get lost, don't know if I should watch my aim or my character, it's all very overwhelming. And sure, there's that element in Cactus as well, after all, there are tons of enemies and bullets and it is a fast-paced game. But it feels more structured. I rarely feel lost, the difficulty curve is very nice, so you have some time to get used to things before they kill you brutally AND when they do, there's still chance for recovery.I would say that in regards of difficulty, Cactus is on a more casual side of the genre, but that's not to say it's easy. It's just a little more forgiving. Casual players like me will find sufficient challenge while moving through the story, whereas more hardcore fans of the genre will find themselves fighting against timer and trying to maintain combo meter to get the highest scores possible (which is lost upon death, unlike the level progress).The explosions, bullets, lasers, fire, spikes, environment destruction etc., etc., are so nicely tuned that you never think ""oh god, please, spare my eyes!"". It's all greatly balanced, so you can see everything that's going against you clearly, enjoy the beautiful graphics this game has and not feel like your eyes have been violated after a couple hours of playing.One of the reasons I generally can't get into bullet hell games, aside from difficulty, is lack of interesting story or characters. Which is not to say there aren't exceptions, but still, they are generally heavily gameplay focused, so the rest is secondary.Cactus fixes this problem. Every character has unique personality, which is reflected in the story and dialogues (they all have unique encounters with bosses), and, which is even more impressive, in their animations - their victory poses, their selection screen when you pick a character or cancel selection, with some of them feeling scared, pumped-up or disappointed. And the unique commentaries a certain character provides are priceless (like, calling ""speed up"" boost ""pretty wings"" for example). I never expected to love characters in a game like this as much as I do. You can easily see that they weren't an afterthought, but are as much of a game's focus as the gameplay itself. And the aforementioned unique boss dialogues add replayability if you want to see every character's interractions.And of course, one of the main reasons this game is such a blast in my opinion... the music. The soundtrack is phenomenal. I very rarely buy soundtracks for games. Or even pay attention to it. The only exceptions I can think of from the top of my head are Persona series, Crypt of the Necrodancer, Sentinels of the Multiverse and... well... Assault Android Cactus. That's it, I believe.I'm not sure if the music dynamically changes during the level or it's just written so that it feels this way, but it always, and I do mean ALWAYS fits what you see on screen, becoming faster and more aggressive as the action intensifies. It helps you get into the rhythm of the action so well that sometimes it starts to feel that you are playing a rhythm game. This flow of the music during levels, along with the pumped-up feeling it fills you with are probably the most important reason why I love this game as much as I do.That said, this game is not without its flaws... for once, it's one of the dumbest game names I've ever heard..........Just kidding, it's awesome. Or rather, it is so stupid that it is amazing. If it wasn't for the name I may have overlooked the game entirely. But no, I just thought ""WTF? What kind of name is ""Assault Android Cactus""? I just NEED to click it and see what's up with it"". And then after you play the game it actually makes sense and doesn't even sound stupid anymore.But on a more serious note, I actually do feel like this game has at least one flaw. And it lies in its achievements. I can't say that I'm a kind of person that absolutely MUST get 100% achievements in every game he plays. But that's what I strive to do with the games I absolutely love. And, as you may have noticed, I do love Cactus.So, what's the problem with the achievements? It's the requirement to get ""S+"" (which is the best rank possible) on all levels. And here's the thing, to get ""S+"", you must be perfect. Literally, perfect. Not dying, not losing your combo even once, basically not being hit. And between this requirement and me being mostly a casual player, it's just driving me insane. And don't get me wrong, striving to get better in a game you love is amazing. Getting an ""S"" rank is a joy for me. It usually happens when you have a blast with your favorite character and it's when the game is at it's best. Getting S+ is more of a... ""Was it even worth it? I'm not even having fun anymore..."" situation. At least for me.And then there's luck factor, like, when you have that ""S+"" ready for the grab, and there's just one enemy left, and you just don't run to him in time because he's on the other end of the map... ""fun"" is not the word I'd choose for this situation.But of course, achievements are such an insignificant thing that it's honestly just a minor complaint. And it is a reward for better players out there to grab. However, if you are a player who just NEEDS to have that 100% achievement in their game, get ready for quite a bit of pain.So, to end this review, I want to once again mention one simple thing. When I was in college, Devil May Cry 3 with its endless mode used to be my go-to antidepressant. I knew that if I felt down or angry I could turn it on and just slash some demons, while slashing my troubles away with them. Now, Assault Android Cactus took that niche. Whenever I feel bad, this game with its colorful characters, action-packed gameplay and lively soundtrack is here to cheer me up.And I truly hope that you give it a chance as well. It is absolutely worth it. Especially considering it's low price. Compared to the amount of emotions I personally got out of this game, it's just nothing.Assault Android Cactus deserves far more recognition than it currently has.It is hands down one of the best games I have ever played."
76561198033900286,Recommended,250110,18427549,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Vittorio Casubeli,"Thank you for making this great game. It's fast paced, great art style, great mechanics, polished throughout. If you want a well made mechanical sh'mup game this is it.Although this is a really great game, here are some suggestions to make it even better. As I say it's great as-is, I wouldn't make suggestions if I didn't like it:1. A way to switch easily between playing fullscreen and using other apps. Perhaps ""Windowed Fullscreen"" mode, or let CMD-TAB / ALT-TAB work.2. Auto fire. It's tiring to press the trackpad button continuously. You can work around this using OSX accessibility options but in-game would be better.3. Fall down mechanic. Not much fun because it breaks the flow. I usually restart the level after falling once. How about a traditional life bar just a little bit bigger.4. Weapon switch delay. Not fun because you stop firing when you most need it. The delay is OK, but how about fade between weapons without break?"
76561198025318338,Recommended,250110,18432534,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Master EVOPK,A twin stick shooter with emphasis the importance of android frendship. Like My Little Pony only more blowing up♥♥♥♥♥♥Micheal Bay style.
,Recommended,250110,18446676,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,redunzl_gw,"Looks and runs great, even on my very old hardware (ASUS M2V board, 32-bit Windows XP, AMD 64X2 @ 3.0GHz, 4GB DDR2 RAM, ATI Radeon 6770). Environment and characters are beautiful, gameplay is smooth and responsive. Looks like I'm going to have a lot of fun playing this one, boto solo and co-op."
,Recommended,250110,30049062,Posted: 19 February,all,Maui,"This game is really fun. At first, the game seems easy, but after the first level or so, you realize what you have just done. Its a really good concept, but some of the systems make the game to hard. The battery system is dumb in my opinion. Its a good idea on paper, but it makes the game way to difficult. The characters are cool, and the story is pretty cool, so this game is an overall thumbs up."
,Recommended,250110,33498701,Posted: 13 July,all,The Suspect,"It's a very fun game, and the battery mechanic is a pretty interesting alternative to the lives you'd find in other twin-stick shooters. That said, if, like me, you're not particularly good at the game, the speed at which the battery drains can be somewhat frustrating. Music is great as well.Again, great game, just wish I had the skill [or the patience to get that skill] to actually beat the game. ;p"
,Recommended,250110,24908408,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Lord Destro,"There's not much range to what you can do in AAC, but what you can do the game lets you do gloriously. So much fun."
,Recommended,250110,25376635,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Miroslaw,"Very fluent gameplay, cool style, i like it!"
,Recommended,250110,25870410,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BlackFilter,"Twin Stick Shooter + Bullet Hell = CactusThere is No Online Multiplayer/LAN Multiplayer which is the only negative part of this game, the other parts is just simply amazing! Definetly recommended to be played"
,Recommended,250110,25894749,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,MadPenguin,Pretty solid twin stick shooter. Good graphics and gameplay... and also local coop! Highly recommend it!
76561197965559177,Recommended,250110,25357820,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ghost in a Jar,"Why is this game great? Controls and gameplay are fantastically tight, the levels each have a unique element to make them play differently than any before it, and the difficulty, while somewhat high, rewards precision and repetition. Having trouble with a level? Try a different Android and use those weapon changes to effectively dodge attacks. Also, the sound and art are fantastic. Love this game!"
76561198028080243,Recommended,250110,25405967,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MyGiant,"This is a very simple game, and it's really fun. I found it by chance and bought it ona whim... Before I knew it, I had over 20 hours of gameplay. The character design is cute and the action is fast-paced and exciting.It's mindless fun with a good replay value due to having multiple different characters."
76561198000942568,Recommended,250110,18461909,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Noetherian,"I hate top-down shooters and I dislike fast-paced games. My favorite games are turn-based RPGs, Tactics or Strategy games. I am definitely NOT in the target audience of Assault Android Cactus.However, I saw a bunch of people talking about the game on Twitter and the demo was free, and so I figured there was no harm in downloading it. The game really surprised me!I loved the characters, and the setting. (The cut-scene at the end of the tutorial is particularly awesome). The gameplay is polished, visually appealing, and easy enough that you don't have to be good at top-down shooters to make progress in the game. I still can't believe that I bought this game, but it is worth every penny."
,Recommended,250110,28907520,Posted: 1 January,all,BrotherTobious,Great game and lots of fun !!!!!!!!!!
76561198047609043,Recommended,250110,15598840,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Loli Princess,"I played as an android Maido, armed with a Railgun and Mines.10000/10, would play bullet hell againAlso, pls support this game. Devs are 100% dedicatedand I need Liquorice really badly"
,Recommended,250110,27748178,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bean,"I only have a handful of hours in this game, but if you're a fan of top-down twin-stick shooters or shmups, this is definitely worth your time. The single-player campaign's level design is such that the learning curve is gradual and the S+ goals are achievable. Every new mechanic introduced gets utilized as you discover them, which makes the later levels difficult but understandably so, given the skills you've picked up along the way.The fact that RNG is not a factor also makes this a worthwhile addition to your library. Everything that happens, every enemy that spawns (excepting the Daily and Infiinity Drive modes) is because of your play style, not some random twiddling of bits inside your computer.The soundtrack is almost reason enough to pick this up. Award-winning composer Jeff Van Dyck has put together a score and soundtrack that suits and enhances the frenetic play style. His sounds are the only positive in a failed run.If you don't love this game, I'm confident you haven't played enough."
,Recommended,250110,18216871,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kuroi,The best indie twin-stick shooter I've seen in a long time.
,Recommended,250110,22351434,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Tararabbit111279,Only thing that would make this game better is online co-op.
,Recommended,250110,18211459,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Pancakes,"If this had come out in the 16 bit days, it'd have been an instant classic.Major props to this dev team for Assault Android Cactus. Fond memories of greats like Contra while playing. The levels are chaotic and varied, many of them with their own spin, the bosses are huge and have numerous phases and often fill the screen with bullet hell style craziness.Took me about 2 hours to beat it, now I have the extras and side stuff to mess around with. Enjoyed every second of it, worth every penny. Do play it."
76561198040303017,Recommended,250110,28647400,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Zairule,"This game is great! Steam controller seems to have been made for this. If you like arcade like chaos, this is for you. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,250110,28921647,Posted: 1 January,all,Eduardo,"Great arena twin-stick shooter with one of the best OST's, high replayability thanks to a lot of completely different androids and various unlockable modifiers/visual filters, and also very challenging if you want to achieve S+ on all maps. But it definitely could be longer, since you can speedrun it in approx. 3 hrs if you dont care about those ratings or endless mode."
,Recommended,250110,28956555,Posted: 2 January,all,Saurok963,This game is way better than I expected. Very polished. Very diverse character choices -- you unlock more during the Campaign. Local Co-Op is great.
76561198005657127,Recommended,250110,28964441,Posted: 2 January,all,shoryukenftw,"A challenging and rewarding twin stick shooter that's a blast to play coop.  The unlockable android characters are well done, and I feel like the level design and bosses push you towards utilizing different androids.  There are a lot of really enjoyable levels with a nice amount of variance and some callbacks to Bomberman stages.  Sometimes the huge numbers of swarming enemies are a bit much, and the hot floor level is a bit ridiculous, but those are minor gripes in a very enjoyable shooter.Some of the voice acting is a little bland, but with the energetic techno and sounds of your weapons cover them up well.  When your battery runs out and you have to restart the level, do yourself a favor and listen to the song they play.  It's got to be the longest ""you died"" song in any video game, but it's darkly amusing and always gives me a chuckle.One of the reasons I bought this is because it's on Linux.  Thanks devs for porting it over, the game is a good fit for SteamOS.  I had trouble getting my Steam controller to work like an actual controller instead of a mouse and keyboard, but I also have been experiencing some other annoying controller issues after an OS update so YMMV.  XB360 controllers worked great.After beating the game make sure to use those credits you earned to unlock stuff in the store.  There's also a final android unlocked for your second playthrough along with a boss mode.  The android character playstyle design is very well done, with a fun mix of different styles and some imaginative weapons.  It would be nice if there was a little bit more info on what their abilities do, as some are not obvious from the select screen.  A power and range meter would be cool too.Even so, this game is a lot of fun.  It was about a 6-7 hour experience for me which feels just about right for the $15 price tag.  The boss battles are old school pattern memorization affairs, that feel a little unfair until you learn the fight and then breeze right through it.  A little tip, switching your weapon gives a half-second of invulnerability for dodging some of those bullet-hell style barrages.The level designs, android playstyle designs, and overall polish of this game make it for a great time with a buddy or three.  The game scales with the number of players, and you can even unlock a buddy AI if you're a solo player wanting to see the screen filled with death bots.  If you're even a little interested, buy this game and phone a friend."
,Recommended,250110,14977641,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sehnder,"Assault Android Cactus is a blast- but check out the demo and see for yourself! This game deserves more press- best twin stick shooter I have ever played (well, I use M&K, but let's not dwell on details)."
76561198076538445,Recommended,250110,17261993,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kammy,I  LOVE THIS GAME IT IS AMAZING!
76561198003336774,Recommended,250110,15142972,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,naragoth-BPR,"This game is sweet!  Challenging and just plain fun, Just finished it this morning, keep up the good work devs!"
76561198109031198,Recommended,250110,15095693,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,The Sharingan Warrior,THIS GAME IS SO FREAKING ADORABLE. Go buy it
,Recommended,250110,13000565,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Grebnedlog,Fantastic little top down shoot-em-up. The local coop play is fantastic! Great mindless fun.
,Recommended,250110,34422600,Posted: 22 August,all,Sergio Alonso,Levels present new meaningful changes.Gameplay is extremely fun.Bosses are very well designed.The best twin stick shooter I ever played!
,Recommended,250110,18205273,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Jun.On.Fire,Please just get it. It's really darn fun.+++Pros+++++ Intense non-stop breathstopping firefights++Cute Characters++Adorable Dialogue++Crazy shifting level design that keeps you gasping++Cool boss fights++Good sound engineering++ DAMN FUN---Cons-----No Online Multiplayer (which would be awesome)--Some characters are noticably weaker--Too much fun. You will get carpal tunnel syndrome from spamming buttons.
,Recommended,250110,15879346,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,choosyporch,"Fun, interesting, and with active development. A good old genre that I haven't seen done right since Super Smash TV!"
76561197991632494,Recommended,250110,12871909,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Aiursrage2k,"Was a good game, i beat all the levels in the demos. Some of the characters are better at certain levels then others, the third boss i could only beat with the boomerang girl."
76561197996739515,Recommended,250110,24189782,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Benji,Great game but being assaulted with a cactus in real life is no joke.
,Recommended,250110,10077310,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,CZ-Conker™,This game is very fun 10/10 recommended.
,Recommended,250110,24637478,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,TRΞMΛN,Very good game.
,Not Recommended,250110,20407979,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,･*.✡(■ل͟■)✡.*･,"Harder than Nuclear Throne, not in a fun wayI was severly excited to finally own this game this winter only to be severely disappointed by the 1.0 version in several ways. I enjoy the game, but can't recommend it.-I game on a craptop. When it was in early access and I only had the demo to play, Cactus was one of those shining gems that ran beautifully, seemingly without sacrifice. When the demo was updated for the full release, the graphics went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ probably as a final compression render to make sure they continue to run smoothly. This is a minor gripe compared to what comes next.-Acheiving +S rank in the demo was a satisfying challenge. Shootdodge, a great shootemup experience. This was not reflected in the full release at all, on multiple levels.The difficulty spike is un-fun. You will reach a point where you are swarmed with robots, small, large and in between, that you were not prepared to even think about. This game will not appeal to the casual shmup player, as the spike is more severe than Nuclear Throne's. Im sure there are already extreme hardcore cactus players because Ive seen the leaderboards, and Im sure they'll try to disagree, but the fact is Cactus is the type of shmup where you will need to fail a level over, and over, and over, just to study the wave patterns in preparation.Combine that with many enemies that tend to blend in to the floor and you have a recepie for multiple downs every level until you've studied it like you're preparing to take the BAR exam.-Make sure you don't forget grabby corners. You will get stuck on them. It's infuriating. Helo, Aubergine's weapon, get's stuck on geometry as well.-Hitscan on some of the weapons can be very bad.Peanut.-Physics on most of the weapons will stop you from playing with a controller. E.G. Coral's shotgun, Lemons Scattershot. Corals shotgun no longer shoots in an even spread, making her essentially a non-damaging character. The recoil of Lemons Scattershot causes it to wobble, preventing you from focusing damage.Don't get me wrong, I still mildly enjoy the game. I will definitely enjoy it more if some broken things are fixed though.-The bosses are pretty good, challenging but capable of being defeated reasonably, with the exception ofLiqourice, who sends an army of robots at you before you fight her.-Each character has different diagloue to every boss.Again, Liquorice, that ♥♥♥♥♥, breaks the 4th wall in a way that can be taken good or bad-Apart from some enemies being the same color as the floor, causing them to blend, the art design is really nice.TL:TRI bought this game because it was fun in the early game/demo. It wasn't fun all the way through.If I wasn't me I might have refunded it."
76561197988570334,Recommended,250110,18366810,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Horstinator,"Great high score centric twin stick shooter, just made for me!Most of the stages are quite easy, if you are not into perfecting runs this game will feel light. In order to crack the top 30 on any leaderboard, a lot of practice is necessary - and tons of fun... the mechanics are great, from quick restart, to control  and collision and balance, this is a very polished game, highly recommended!"
76561198039087463,Recommended,250110,18377746,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,mysonisacat,It is a fun twin stick shooter that has co-op found this through Northernlion on Youtube.
76561197981751461,Recommended,250110,12926182,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,The Stud,"I have only played this for a few minutes, but I can tell already really great game. And thanks so much for Eyefinity support too. Possible to get smash tv controls (not holding down the trigger?)"
,Recommended,250110,15010178,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,gmpentaxfan,Great graphics.Great music.Great variety of characters to choose from.
76561198215429201,Recommended,250110,18164919,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,milouz1,very fun !!!
,Recommended,250110,18268829,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Mouldy,"This game is amazing.I can't write reviews; but if I could, i'd tell you how everything about this game is top quality!10/10"
,Recommended,250110,18364171,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Fandorex,"Cute, lots of fun, and with plenty of challenge."
,Recommended,250110,18266010,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Asher,This game is something the dev's should be proud of. Come check out my first impressions video!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-CqUVx01sU
76561197994386114,Recommended,250110,18170286,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,200% Mikkusujusu ~,"I'm just a little android,and my battery's running low~I'm just a little android,and I'm moving oh so slow~oh~oOoOo~whooaa~"
76561198048784817,Recommended,250110,16390706,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,wizardpower,gg indeed
,Recommended,250110,18269027,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Slugnacious,"Absolutely fantastic game! One of the best I have ever played honestly. Such a throwback to the feel of Dreamcast. Praised by many as one of the best, if not the best, twin stick shooter. The art, the style, the music, the gameplay. All of it are near perfect. The game is challenging without being unbeatable for the average player given some practice and the hardcore players can score chase day after day! Really can't recommend this game highly enough."
,Recommended,250110,18374243,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Earth Mole,"Classic arcade TWINSTICKS shooter, all well crafted and with attitude, co-op and a couple of extra options to mix-it up, good game!. Waiting to see more of cactus and friends in the future!"
,Recommended,250110,19292859,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Vinylbutt,"""Last time I had this much fun, I got deactivated!"""
,Recommended,250110,31761883,Posted: 14 May,all,William Shakesman,"I did not think it was possible for twin-stick shooters to be as good as Assault Android Cactus, but AAC delivers.AAC made a bunch of daring changes that worked to its advantage. Weapon-switch is tied to a ""dodge"" function, giving you a few iframes when you switch weapons. Combine that with a short regenerating health meter and you can take a few scratch bullets without it instantly ending your run (Though solid, strong hits don't cut you any slack, so play smart.). In fact, dying is not a serious impediment either, as the game relies on a ""battery"" timer, which you need to refill by blasting enough enemies and collecting the battery that falls out. Death costs you rank, score, time, and weapon power, but the game only ends if you cannot keep that battery timer full.This sounds silly but it works really well. The rank system is incredibly smooth and there is enough to chaining and survival play that it doesn't matter if you're amazing, great, decent, or awful at Assault Android Cactus, you will still have fun and have something to aspire to. From just survival, to careful secondary weapon management to keep your chain, to perfect play still trying to squeeze points out of the game, AAC has something for everyone. Not to mention an infinite survival mode, too.And the game itself? Hordes of robots on elaborate, shifting levels. As you shoot through the levels, panels flip up, paths open and close... each level almost feels like a character in the game, and it's done without being disorienting or feeling cheap either. Enemy spawns are smart so as to not impede your chains. Big bosses cap off each world, all top notch. In addition, you have nearly a dozen characters to choose from, each with different weapon sets, demanding different strategies (And all with unique story dialogue if that's your thing.). That's not even counting the unlockable cheats. Small Head Mode. First Person Mode. Alternate weapon sets. AI partners. Tackling higher player count enemy swarms by yourself. All on offer. AAC is the total package.I never thought I would see a twin-stick shooter outdo Geometry Wars 3 in excitement or game design, but Assault Android Cactus delivers in spades. Definitely give this one a shot."
76561198023023263,Recommended,250110,15706710,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Teledildonics,Possibly the greatest twin stick shooter of all time.
76561198009107317,Recommended,250110,18326031,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,bushidoanime,great for a quick game or a long session. single player or multiplayer both are awesome and Music is damn goodAlso awesome extras. theres a lot a love put into this game. buy it! :D
76561198042751488,Recommended,250110,18337184,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,bobosan,"Fast-paced, fun, quirky shooter!"
,Recommended,250110,28959085,Posted: 2 January,all,Bu11sEye,Very good Arcade style game. Really great voice acting and gameplay. great graphical style
,Recommended,250110,18256297,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,aA,Get it.
,Recommended,250110,18207083,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,mhmtlaflare,mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyes
76561197970406515,Recommended,250110,18210041,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Etherdeath,"Assault Android Cactus has quickly become one of my favorite games of all time. It's incredibly well put together. When I first purchased the game pre-released, I thought it was a lot of fun. The polishing, the textures, the great soundtrack, the extras that can be unlocked via a point system help make this game memorable and speak to the team's commitment to making a quality game.The only thing I would like to see in this game is a bit more involved weapon upgrades and power system. Perhaps for Assault Android Cactus II!"
,Recommended,250110,18215032,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Health Bar,"super good visuals, soundtrack and a writing style reminiscent of the early ps2 eraso good"
,Recommended,250110,18194565,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Meelo,Fast and fluid bullet hell gameplay that anyone can get into. Great couch multiplayer and super cool visual style. Hard to believe it was made by such a small team!
76561198054954955,Recommended,250110,12073543,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,MeTalHeD,"This game is awesome. It's quick, it's fun and you're going to replay levels to try to beat your best score. It's in early access, yes, but if the final product is anything like this, it's totally worth the price. I would like to see the graphics improved slightly (there doesn't seem to be any anti aliasing) and support for more widescreen and HD resolutions (like 1366x768) but it is an awesome game.The price is a steal and the developers are onto something here. They understand gaming doesn't always have to be serious and we are in this to have fun. This game is fun, colourful and you unlock more characters as you go along. Each character comes with a standard and alternative weapon, but they're all different, which makes for interesting combinations in multiplayer. If you're unsure, there is a demo available, though I do believe you're getting more value than what they're asking for it.As for the technical stuff, it is a top down shooter, which supports keyboard and mouse, or a gamepad. It has local co-op too so that's a plus if you have friends over. As I mentioned before, the graphics could do with a few tweaks, but it is by no means unattractive. The gameplay is fluid and you will be moving around the arena a lot while gunning down hordes of machines. There are powerups available, which also encourage you to keep moving. The music is upbeat and adds to the fast-paced atmosphere.I'd give it a solid 8/10, with the hope that the final product will be as fun, or even more so."
,Recommended,250110,7891334,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,fourthdraven,So the full release was supposed to be in Novermber. It is now December and I don't see any new content. What is going on? I'm dying to play the full version so much!!
76561198066383375,Recommended,250110,27035740,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Geckotan,"This game is actually a very good twin stick shooter.  Fast action, great characters, good selection of weapons, and on top of it all, it's very fast and frantic.  The only downside I can see is that it's only local co op.  Would have loved it even more if it had online co op."
,Recommended,250110,20051484,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MyMy,"Winner of a contest ""Local co-op with your son and Steam Controllers when he grows up"". in a category ""Twin stick shooter where Steam Controller is implemented well and it's finally clear that second stick would still be better for games like this"".The game is very good, but also quite hard. Too much of a bullet hell, in my opinion. Should be a great fun for co-op party of grown ups."
,Recommended,250110,17775605,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,ProfessorKaos64,"Great game! Fast paced twin-stick shooter that has a lot of personality and charm. Even though it's early access, I still loved it. There can be bugs, such as currently the game would crash for me after the opening scene before the tutorial. Luckily a forum member can a save file, or you could use the -skiptutorial parameter. If that was fixed I would definitely recommend 100%Pros:style, fast paced, varying androids with their own abilities, great soundtrack, polish, nice overworld setupCons:Bugs (at time of review), last boss is wayyy to hard, the difficulty ramps up very suddenly at the end.About the end bossThe end boss is a hard point of this review and game. I feel it is just too hard, given the difficulty of all previous levels and bosses. The difficulty seems to just ramp up from 60% to 100% out of nowhere. You must be exactly on point during this boss fight, or you WILL NOT make it. Even checking out a short video for tips, showed that him and myself included, beat this end boss with mere seconds left (about 5)! My hands hurt after trying the boss about 25 times. Felt like a challenge mode instead. The one thing I can recommend here is to use someone like Starch, and use here rocket secondary to ""twirl"" through hard to avoid enemy fire and objects."
76561197970801242,Recommended,250110,18177224,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,TrashtheEgo,"So much fun. I don't know if a twin-stick shooter could get any better than this, or if anything this entertaining. The game escalate towards insanity, but it's all put together so well that as things get crazier on screen, the experience only gets better.It can sound pretty simple when you describe it: you choose one of nine playable androids (five of them need to be unlocked), each android has a unique primary attack and special, and you shoot the baddies. You have a battery meter that will slowly decrease, but can be recharged with battery drops from the said baddies. This isn't anything to worry about unless you're taking a lot of hits - this is a bullet hell game at its core - when you take too many hits you can become stunned, and this is when the battery meter can become an issue. It's all about time management, and getting stunned saps at it. But even after bouts of badluck and poor play, things have rarely felt completely hopeless. Come backs feel like a real thing if you up your game. There are also powerups that drop and you primary weapon progressively gets more powerful until being reset when knocked down.That's all pretty straight forward. Things get interesting because of the levels you're fighting in. To call them dynamic might be a bit of an understatement. From circular rooms with spinning wheels to square grids that reconstitute at will, things wont get boring anytime soon.The boss fights are a blast. Each android feels unique. And I could play so many of these levels again and again. There are even a couple added modes I've yet to dive into, and I haven't even finished the core campaign. So much fun."
,Recommended,250110,18230719,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,"Shout out to all the baby androids across the galaxy!This is probably going to get my game of the year for 2015.if I was not playing video games all the time I would probably make a gameplayvideo, write a review or something...oh wait.orAssault Android Cactus will you marry me?"
76561198155170681,Recommended,250110,34007408,Posted: 3 August,all,Delirus,I have gallons of adrenaline gushing out of orifices that I am certain were not previously present. Assault Android Cactus is drugs.  You have been warned.
76561197982320877,Recommended,250110,15524340,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,davieb,Great Game!Looking forward to the finished version!
,Recommended,250110,26209100,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,gg unit,"Nothing to write home about but a well put together, fun, twin stick!"
,Recommended,250110,16460798,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KlasiK,"Very good twin stick arena shooter and very well designed. The only thing you have to get use to is the battery mechanic which is basically a timer mechanic implemented in which as long as you are putting it to enemies fast enough you will get the battery meter to replenish. If you start to lag behind killing baddies you could end up having your battery depleted and game over. The only thing bad I could say about this is there is no online mulitplayer, you can play with friends locally which is fine for when people are visting but when you are old like me we don't usually have friends coming over to play games we do that from the comfort of our own homes.  :)"
,Not Recommended,250110,21350882,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Doug,"Ever want to play a game like Robotron that literally cheats?  This is the game for you then.--Enemies will spawn on top of you regualarly to kill you.--There will be shifting floors that will trap you with no warning.--There are levels with completely unavoidable bullet storms.--You will be shot at by lazers that cannot be dodged and often you have no obsticles to hide behind.--You will be kept on the edge at all times since you are on a timer (battery life) and most of the time you only get more time (battery life) when you are near death.  If the time extension happens to spawn in the middle of a big pack of baddies, look forward to using the ""repeat"" button.If you want to lose to a level over and over and say, ""this is bull$hit!""  Buy this game.  There is a difference between a hard game and one that cheats.  This one cheats."
,Recommended,250110,18164288,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"Easily one of the worst, most frustrating last boss fights I have ever seen. I killed him on maybe my 30th try or abouts, but I had zero battery power left, quite literally less than half a second left. The graphics, gameplay, sounds, and music are outstanding. Some of the best production value I have ever seen in a indie game or twin stick shooter for that matter. The game's biggest problem though is that it is very short with almost zero replay value and extreme repetitiveness. Once you beat the game (I did in about 4 hours, closer to 3 probably considering how many tries it took me to beat the horrible last boss), there is no reason to play the exact same levels over again with the exact same strategies (moving and shooting) just to do the extremely frustrating boss fights over again. Unless you care about getting new high scores, other than that no real replay value exists here. Different characters ultimately do little to keep the game fresh as well.Sound/music: 8/10Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Last boss: 3/10Replay value: 2/10Overall: 6/10Catch only on a huge discount."
,Recommended,250110,21211453,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Soltar,"I once said: i have to stop to play online games because they may cause addiction.I couldnt have been more wrong then this.This is way worse then drugs, and it is offline."
,Not Recommended,250110,26778119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,plain.simple.Andy,"Purchased on release, gave the developer over a year of time before writing this review.Excellent base game. Too little (repetitive) content. Unfair game mechanics and level design.To me, this game is a lot of wasted potential. Great engine, great gameplay.BUT:The game offers too little content to enjoy it any more. Also the difficulty is designed for elitist players who ""like a challenge"", which is absolutely not my cup of tea. Soundtrack is forgettable and sound effects are OK, but not bad."
76561198000318945,Recommended,250110,10166887,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Trrcn,"*UPDATE*Over the past year or so they've been updating.  Added alot of art, new features, bosses, and music.It is now the best game on Steam aside from System Shock 2.Sorry, at this point if you don't get this game delete your account.-Original Review-Hey, have you ever wanted to rewind back to 2000 and play your arcade experience games on your Dreamcast?  Back when it was new.  Back when finding out just how fun it was seemed to be part of the great experience.Well you needn't pine for the olden day, this game will snap you back there in an instant.  Fun as all heck twin stick shooter where you won't need to have an electronic brain wet drive in your noggin to calculate 8 jillion enemies on screen.   Just blast away with the great aethetics and an experience many miss.GETTHISGAME"
76561198075525997,Recommended,250110,8733833,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,budwheizzah,"Ok, it's official this game is awesome. The gameplay is a little more forgiving than it looks and while projectiles spray in every direction and will take away energy, these events are very well balanced with the use of the knock-down/power-down incident that occurs when you take too many hits back to back. This will allow the player flexibility and the ability to momentarily cross over into gun fire and enemy packs to pick up energy and powerups, in the process taking out a few more trigger happy enemies!Replayability is awesome. The game's quality is beyond Early Access level. If I'd have bought this game as a retail title I wouldn't have found it to be ""beta-ish"", there's really very little of this game that looks like a ""work in progress"" - rather is is fully playable and fun right off the bat. An exemplary ""Early Access"" project!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm3Btc44RSI* Warning: Steam though it would be a good idea to break all stereoscopic videos. Head to YT to watch it, make sure you are using Flash, not HTML5."
,Recommended,250110,18363277,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SlyNic,"A great little shoot em' up style game, really takes me back to the good ol' days of Geometry Wars on my Xbox 360! Great to see some really good content coming from the down under!"
,Recommended,250110,23097993,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,THEBIGDICKBANDIT,Fun♥♥♥♥♥game 10/10
76561198010585860,Recommended,250110,9916280,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,SomeUnregPunk,This is an awesome bullet hell shooter. I haven't tried this game with a controller yet since the keyboard & mouse controls are quite responsive enough. Each character with their unique weapons is actully fun to play and the music fits nicely with the frantic pace.The levels never feel too small or too large.
76561197996600320,Recommended,250110,29315343,Posted: 17 January,all,Fallbranch,"a good mindless timewaster with awesome musicit's polished to a certain point, but after you start delving into high level content, you cant get S+ on everyone and results vary based on what pickups you getthat is to say that it's too randomalot of the time you fail a boss just because your damage output isnt enoughand the weapon swapping feels too janky and unreliable, the game doesnt give enough feedback on which mode you are in, and the delay often gets you killed, especially with liquorice, who often misbehavesit's kind of my fault for getting too involved in a game with no proper community behind it.... i just hope there's a sequelit's all about redoing the same few bosses again and again, and while it's kind of short, the level variety is really niceit has more content in it than many AAA games, it just doesnt needlessly repeat elements without your permissionit's all about getting gud.... and hoping that it drops a firepower in every phasePS: please make it so i can use the aesthetic EX options without forfeiting my score"
,Recommended,250110,29181820,Posted: 11 January,all,eXtory,The reason i don't have a controller anymore.
,Recommended,250110,18364593,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Godzilla.exe,"Definitely one of the better ""twin stick"" shooters to come out recently.-Multiple characters-Multiple dialogs-A TON of map variety/enemy spawns with the map changing all over the place.(actual campaign)-Interesting boss mechanics.-Unlockables that are worth your time.(replayability)Basically for any price under $20 this game is a steal.If this game had online I'd be playing this instead of helldivers with my friends. Still, amazing game and amazing dev team that put this together."
,Recommended,250110,19141472,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Mr Paroxysm,"A truly remarkable twin stick shooter.There are so many options in the game, controls are so tight, disgn is so sharp I never get lost, really I can't say enough nice things.  If you have ever given a tiny damn about twin stick shooters you will find plenty to love here."
,Recommended,250110,18166008,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,It's Dingle!,"I do recomend this game, however I must say it could have been a lot better. The gameplay is solid and quite fun, but really laking in content. It seems like this game would be more suited towards the mobile platform. Honestly I think Minigore 2 was a better twin stick and thatwasa mobile game. Based purely on whether or not the game was fun I would have to recomend it. Just get it whaen its on sale."
,Recommended,250110,22226677,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Thread,Frenetic the way it should be.The only problem of this game is that it has no dlc.
76561198105319887,Recommended,250110,17897542,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Crunchy gingerbreadman,"This game was very good, I managed to beat it by myself, but I felt like something was missing, so now I'm trying to beat the game with 2 players only. It is very addicting and fun it was worth paying 15$ dollars for it. There was a mini boss that had a similar playstyle to your android, so I think it would be a cool concept to make a versus mode with multiplayer.positive: very addicting, fun to play with friends, great boss battles, great weapon variety,negative: gets repetative, not many gamemodes. first person is way to laggyoverall 8/10 it should be bought immediatly"
,Recommended,250110,18387542,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Rush,S+
76561198075319293,Recommended,250110,28947192,Posted: 2 January,all,Zombieinferno32,"I thought of it as another bullet hell type galactic shooter but this one was pretty different. Maybe I just haven't played this type of game in so long.Anyway, it's a game that shines in brilliance that keeps a clean flow of gameplay where battery drops, which add time to play, drop at the right moment and the game adjusts as you add more players by adding more power ups, more batteries, and more enemies.This game does get progressivly difficult that seem like huge skill gaps but if played over time you will get the hang of not losing yourself in the heat of the game.It was such a good game in my opinion I went ahead and purchased the DLC sound track just for the sake to significantly show my support to the creator and me actually write a decent review.Cooperative gaming is nicely played when using the steam controller but I used mouse and gamepad while my friend used he controller tat he was more familiar. I onl own one but he was willing to buy a controller for himself since it was on sale and we can both play together equally.I'm now hoping for either big updates or a second installment."
,Recommended,250110,28979091,Posted: 3 January,all,Doge,Works wonders with steam controller.
76561198120255140,Recommended,250110,28096012,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,slobozilla,Hand brocken after 30mins of endless on keyboard and mouse.Must. Play. With. Joystick.
,Recommended,250110,28125132,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Juckmich,"Simples Spielprinzip, macht aber im lokalen Co-OP übelst Spaß. Leider keine Online-Multiplayer-Funktion."
76561197998513234,Recommended,250110,28337061,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,cyrusn26,PLAYING THIS GAME IS LIKE SNORTING A LINE OF THE WHITE STUFF
,Recommended,250110,24415740,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,₯Cactus Engineer,played a cactus and got to destroy robots.42/42
76561198022622151,Recommended,250110,24564302,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,fritzfred,"This totally rocks! Best game I've played in a long while. So well tuned, and everything else is totally impressive the fact that has been made in such a small time. Kudos to you! - The last boss is hard. Really hard, but in a good way... you gotta know the characters, and get into the zone there, really fun game :)"
,Recommended,250110,25995764,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Angles,"perfect coop for the couch, boss fights are extremely fun and fast paced with multiple phases. Not too easy, not too hard. 10/10."
,Recommended,250110,26219658,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Atma!,"Fun, frantic game. Like someone put Ikaruga and Smash TV in a blender. Local co-op is nice. Lack of online co-op makes me a sad cactus."
,Recommended,250110,20473921,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ɢαмвιт,One of the best co-op games ever. I`m having a blast playing this game with my little brother. If they would add character upgrades that would be more awesome
76561198050484139,Recommended,250110,28523671,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Crannberry Sauce,ton of fun
,Not Recommended,250110,21271787,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ArtisticMess,"Fun until Liqorice battle which is completely RNG + terrible camera. Makes Sonic '06's ""Silver battle"" look fair and well framed."
,Not Recommended,250110,21492340,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cynical Icarus,"EDIT:Okay so I'm editing my review, but for integrity's sake I'll leave my initial, more emotional reaction at the bottom.First off, let me say that the vast majority of this game is awesome. Great mechanics, not buggy at all, good tutorial, excellent learning curve capitulating in a super difficult boss. Sounds great, right?But here's the thing. The last boss broke from the rest of the game's solid gameplay in a big way. The final boss of AAC is an amalgamation of all the previous bosses, with some significant power-ups. This by itself is great; it gives the player one big challenge to overcome which is also representative of all the smaller challenges that led up to it. The amalgamation takes about 10-15 minutes (don't quote me on that, but the point is it's not an insignificant time investment). This is a common mechanic in video games, and I had a ton of fun with this very challenging level.The problem for me came with the fact that following this multi-stage bossfight is yet another, even more challenging level. This, also, by itself, would be fine - but despite giving the player full battery (health) at the beginning of the level, the player gets no checkpoint. With the amalgamated boss fight being a gatekeeper to the hardest level in the game, I became frustrated and gave up trying to beat this game - twice. It's a genuinely unhealthy mechanic, made all the worse by the fact that the game got everything so very right all the way up to that point.So my actual ratings:If you don't care to complete games or you're a total masochist who loves to waste time: 10/10If you like good games that _don't_ deviate into unnecessarily frustrating game mechanics in order to prevent you from wanting to beat the game: 2/10I really wanted to see what happened; guess I'll look it up on youtube. =(Pre-edit:2/10this game would and should have been a 9+/10. but unfortunately the devs decided that the final boss would be 8 super difficult stages (which is fine) with no checkpoints (which is not fine). after about 20 attempts i put the game down for what i thought would be forever. a friend came over and wanted to try about 3-4 months after that, and i had forgotten about the boss and recommended the game highly.big surprise, after about another 20 unbelievably frustrating attempts, i'm done with this game forever and writing them a bad review. the devs clearly have a fundamental misunderstanding about what makes challenging games fun. it shouldn't cost me 10 minutes every time i want to _get_ to the hardest challenge in the game. you get full health beforehand anyway, so why no checkpoint?frustratingly difficult != fun challenge"
76561198052010244,Not Recommended,250110,30821917,Posted: 29 March,all,G i Jouh,"On the POSITIVE side almost everything about this game is awesome. The funny characters, the music, the graphics, the creative level design, and of course the boss battles are great too. So how could I thumbs down this game?The NEGATIVE side... The BATTERY. You want to take a very fast and intense game and make it unbareable? Add a battery to your android that lasts about 1 minute. It is an added stress to a massive pile of stress. With this unrealistic battery life the game is now perfect for gamers who are high on speed. All other players will play for about 20 to 30 minutes and quit.Players like intesity at their own pace. For example: Pick a shooter game, any game, you can run into the fray and fight to the death or play it safe, play smart. It is your choice. Being reckless is more intense. Playing it safe helps you live longer. You can do one or the other or both. NOW add a 1 minute bomb strapped to your chest. Your only choice now is ""Run in die, restart, run in die, restart, run in die, restart..."" What is the fun in that?"
,Recommended,250110,26034605,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,nostril,i love sweaty man♥♥♥♥♥in my face
76561198162180724,Not Recommended,250110,25335074,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Demon_Days,"i have some mixed feelings about this game.the combat is indeed awesome, and the game  is realy realy fun. but it's kind of hard. especially if you main a character (don't. you'll just ragequit like a motherf---er during boss-battles (or maybe not, if you main starch)).the characters are realy unbalanced, and that needs to get fixed. the boss battles are so stupidly hard, and all characters aren't suited for them.the battery mechanic is also a realy bad idea. a regular health system would be better, and also more suitable in some ways.overall, it's realy a fun game. but the final boss... the f---ing final boss... i'm literally convinced that the f---ing final boss is impossible to beat, especially without the mega weapons (at least you can reach it's final stage with them (and then die with 2 things left to destroy)). seriously. that thing needs to get nerfed into the ground, ASAP.also, this game desperately needs online multiplayer.the overwhelmingly possitive rating is overrated. very positive, at most, is more suitable."
76561197978096517,Not Recommended,250110,29178504,Posted: 11 January,all,Dan,"The only game which actually cramped and blistered my hands from having to hold the trigger to fire while constantly moving both sticks to aim and fire. Its foolishly redundant to have to hold the trigger when right stick movement can do both. Its not a game where you ever let got of the trigger, Also, secondary fire should fire not take 2 seconds to switch weapons and then fire. And lastly.... WHY do you have to tap a button repeatedly to get up when the caracter doesnt get up faster or slower regardless of tapping speed? After driving a screw into the controller trigger to hold it in it became a much more fun game."
,Not Recommended,250110,28611612,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DemoManowar,I appreciate this game being optimized enough to run on integrated graphics. But I just had to ask for a refund when I realized the whole game was in time attack mode. There's a reason why it's optional in most games.
76561198040188034,Not Recommended,250110,23867540,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,justGGray,"It feels to me that developers did set up deadzone on the right thumbstick (for aim) in the shape of cross and not in the shape of circle. Half of the characters dosen't require precise aim to shoot stuff, though. But it will be difficult to learn how to not drop the chain with aim like this.You have to spam button to revive (6-7 clicks).Except ""classic screen mod"" all Ex options are crap.All androids seems to be ""female"".Not enough jokes."
,Not Recommended,250110,22512515,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Void01,"TL;DR: Lots of style, zero substance.So far I'm pretty disappointed. I like twin stick shooters with multiplayer - it is a guaranteed way to get my money. But this?Regretting. Purchase.Gameplay is paced through code - good play is not rewarded, you can always expect a battery to drop when your alarm goes off. Powerups suck because they cycle VERY SLOWLY. One of them(and there are only *THREE*) is pretty much completely pointless.The characters are really badly unbalanced, and chances are that you're going to find yourself defaulting to one or two most of the time because the others suck or have serious flaws or are only good for one kind of fight. Special attacks are seriously a very mixed bag, with some of them being completely and utterly pointless while others will obliterate every enemy on the screen without fail.Spawning is also done programatically I suppose, because the game stupidly spawns crap RIGHT ON TOP OF YOU that BLOWS UP AND MAKES YOU DROP ALL OF YOUR POWERUPS .Well done designers, you got me. I can't escape your ineptitude now. Standing in the wrong place under the invisible spawn point? Here, let's teleport this thing in right on top of you with zero warning and no chance to dodge.HAVE YOU A$$HOLES EVER PLAYED A SHOOTER?Once this happens the game turns into a bull$hit $logfest that is poorly paced and unfun because you are rocking a pea shooter and the level is just ramping up.Getting up requires button pounding. Please. Why. Just. No.There are dozens and dozens of other little things I hate about this game.Utterly pointless powerups(and plentiful) blot out enemy bullets so you smack right into them.There is a stereotyped Asian android.Controller support is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so you can pretty much expect that only your *official* xbox brand controller will work right.The camera jerks around like a jack russel terrier that's been snorting cocaine, and you can't really expect consistent camera distance while you're playing from board to board, sometimes not even within the same board.Earning credits takes forever. Spending them is pointless, and the one or two things that actually alter gameplay dump your score over it.Yes. If you try to evolve this game ANY it DUMPS YOUR SCORES.And here is the absolutely number one thing that pisses me off about this game: It's some kind of indie darling because of the unusually(for indie) high quality presentation. The character visuals are polished, the voice acting is great, the graphics are wonderful and highly stylized, the animation is top notch and the facial expressions are great, the music is perfect and usually suits - but when it comes to the actual core mechanics there are some serious issues.To be honest I wouldn't suggest buying it unless it was on sale. This is a ho-hum twin stick shooter that looks and sounds really nice, but is INCREDIBLY SHALLOW. If you're hoping for more than that then, like me, you will probably be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,250110,18653682,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Lutacrist,"very fun but mindless and forgiving. lacks a learning experience and lives are more (or equally) based on duration of your battery (time) than skill. low replayability. most of the challenge comes from challenging yourself like in a speed run. overall, i like the flow of the game but it's quite shallow."
,Not Recommended,250110,25324942,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BlishBlash,"Battery mechanic seems clever at first, until you realize that it forces you to fight bosses in a very specific way with very specific characters in order to maximize your DPS (so they drop batteries in time). Ruins the fun, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,250110,23149401,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pom Pom,"Fun game... for about 15min. The 2 minutes tutorial at the beginning is basically exactly what the rest of the game is, which  by the way only has about 3-4 hours of content... and I was going really slow too. Maybe if you are fast you can finish the game under 2 and still be able to reund it..."
76561198043304241,Not Recommended,250110,19193676,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,No Ragrets,Has a shared health system which is dumb as you aren't able to carry brand new players.
76561198154573513,Not Recommended,250110,28536761,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,allanthegoat,Not that much gameplay
76561197970461575,Not Recommended,250110,18230332,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,leilanilad,"Initial impression: Overrated.Missing a prime feature of a twin-stick shooter - An overhead camera.You can only see part of the level, which is an unessesary mechanism to increase difficulty.Reminds a bit of Mazer for the 3DO (which any old-school gamers will take as meant)."
76561197971192496,Not Recommended,250110,11604605,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Midian808,"(Review for Update 8.5)This is entirely subjective - I know many like the game.I hate it.The devs have done a brilliant job of updating and improving the game, but they've changed a few things recently like the music, which now has lost all the ""pumped up"" vibe and just sounds flat and miserable. They've added voice overs - replacing the ones that were already there which were great - with ones that make me want to pack broken glass into my ears - absolutely AWFUL - Mute the sound unless you like pain.The actual game itself has a ""correct way to play"" which isn't the same as your average twin stick shooter - they've made a number of design choices that seperate them from other games of its type (which is to be applauded) - unfortnately, every single one of them is stupid - There is a reason noone has done this before, guys, and thats because it's rubbish.It's a hardcore game, with a deep scoring system; fantastic graphics and fluid gameplay - but its just no fun.Played 12/12/2014 (So whatever version that is)Music balance improved so it sounds much better - Starch voice acting didn't make me want to puncture my own ear drums - so, ""YAY!""Game still sucks balls though - That battery mechanic drains (Ho! see what I did there!) all the fun out of what should be a good game."
,Recommended,250110,18849160,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Invasor Kazz,Fun and addictive. Had been a long time since i enjoyed a twin-stick shooter so much. Short game if you have no plans going for score attacks.
,Recommended,250110,18883134,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MAMEiac,"Varied, challenging, frustrating, insane... this game scratches some serious classic arcade shooter itches but does it with a great sense of style I wasn't expecting. Each Android has their own strengths and weaknesses and in boss fights down the stretch you'll absolutely need to be working every advantage each has to push through. A lot of fun packed into a relatively inexpensive package. For any classic shooter fans of games going back to Robotron 2084 or even more modern classics like Geometry Wars this is worth of a place in that same league."
,Recommended,250110,8773973,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,zero.delta,"Even in Alpha, this game is really well polished! It's a pretty fun casual dual-stick shooter, and it actually gets pretty hard.  At times you're barely getting from battery to battery, though, and during boss fights it always seems that when you actually need the battery, it pops out at the opposite side of the boss, so you have to haul your way over through a swarm of bullets.  Just a warning, the yellow levels aren't textured yet, so be warned.  7/10 and I would definately recommend"
,Recommended,250110,8779793,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,rosencrantz777,"Some of the most fun I've had playing a game in a long time, despite my inability to do well.Feels really nice and looks really delightful."
76561198023395547,Recommended,250110,7483045,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,transekid,great bullet hell game!!! great fun
76561198039278874,Recommended,250110,9178555,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,KimicoV,Super Fun game! can try Demo.
76561197972160849,Recommended,250110,557194,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,ubernooba,"Not often does a game come along that just feels right - a rare thing.  A well designed game; graphics, game play and difficulty/challenge is just right. As an arcade shooter it's perfect.Only down side - it's addictive.A classic it will be."
76561198068080373,Recommended,250110,10886890,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,kemad,good game if you like top down shooters
76561198043252734,Recommended,250110,11042978,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,WikkoSco,"Even if I didn't love the arena shooter gameplay, this is easily the most polished Early Access game I've seen on Steam. The graphics are vibrant and colorful, with an excellent soundtrack.Get. This. Game."
76561197983425890,Recommended,250110,11361447,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,FullIce,Great game if you want high scores and compete with others. The gameplay feels good and it's overall a good looking game. I like it.
,Recommended,250110,11941427,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Tyflo,"A manic-panic twin stick shooter, it's a genre filled with mediocre and generic games, but this game isn't one of them. It's well polished and sports a very smooth experience, it's got a strange sense of nostalgia and a diverse selection of characters, it's fun to play and look at, it's art style is clean and pleasant on the eyes and it's sound design, while not to my taste fits very well so I have no issues with it. It's an early access game and has a few bugs and issues, the frame rate dips occasionally, but it is optimised well enough that it can run passably on most PCs and unlike games like Towns it is still getting updated, it's got a nice enough price too, so I can whole-heartedly reccoment this fun ride of a game."
,Recommended,250110,30622807,Posted: 19 March,all,Plasma,"Very nice game! Nice gameplay, difficulty well balanced."
,Recommended,250110,19032484,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,sabo,A lot of replay potential if you're into achievements and leaderboard e-peen.Shiitake best girl.
76561198022984861,Recommended,250110,19031276,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,chris,Good fast twin-stick fun
,Recommended,250110,19382501,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TheBigPotatoBoss,Extremely fun and addicting.
,Recommended,250110,19398211,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Zenya-san,Reminds me of the Ratchet & Clank arena levels.  Great game!  Great art! Great voice overs!
,Recommended,250110,19720594,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Blue,"This game honestly hit me out of left field with how fun it was. The mechanics are solid. Movement feels good. Those aspects caught my eye first. Then I got my hands on Coral and Aubergine. While I see how they were initially designed to be played Keyboard/Mouse, they are absolute JOYS to play on a controller. The challenge with Aubergine is just spectacular. And finally what I really did not expect was just how much character and personality each android had.Definitely something I can play for ages and ages."
76561198074445133,Recommended,250110,19586130,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,"""Clean Phill""","Lovely game, great music and the glorious feeling of utter destruction.You can finish this game relatively quick, but due to great replay value and local co-op this games is certainly worth your time. Literally some of the most fun i've had in quite a while!"
,Recommended,250110,19592362,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Neverbound,A vibrant and rollicking twin-stick shooter: tight and polished.
,Recommended,250110,19580157,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,muffintop,game is a blast - especially with friends. wish there was online MP.
76561198055451973,Recommended,250110,19625982,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Fedora Lord,"I love this game. I've beaten it a couple of times, and it's still enjoyable every time I play it. Don't let my hours fool you, when my sister and my best friend come over and want to play video games, I take my rig out of my room and hook up some controllers, and this is what we play. It's fast, it's challenging, and it's honestly kind of addictive. The models and graphics aren't the very top of the line, but you won't notice that as you're busy screaming at your TV trying to find a way through the bullet hell that is the average level. Every character is fun to play, and each feels different enough to not be redundant. Definitely recommend, especially as a party game."
,Recommended,250110,19554524,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,AngryZombie,This is one of my fav games i bought wile it was in beta. if anyone reads this they should buy the game
76561198254245308,Recommended,250110,18383252,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,sudo,"Great game, runs seamlessly on Fedora 22."
76561197960458299,Recommended,250110,19536015,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kandralla,If you have any interest at all in a twin stick shooter you should get this game.
,Recommended,250110,20180036,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zareal,"Combine Geometry Wars with bullet hell rules, add a whole whack-ton of personality and you get Assault Android Cactus. This managed to fill a hole no other twin-stick managed to for me."
76561198158767287,Recommended,250110,20171443,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Shiden,"A great, fast paced twin stick shooter.  The co op is local only and there's no difficulty slider so finding a full group that will stick with you through the whole thing is gonna be tough."
,Recommended,250110,20162974,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Joderick,"Slick and stylish twin-stick shooter. It can be crazy challenging with the whole battery mechanic, but it makes it so much more rewarding to finish a stage. The bosses completely wrecked me. The character select and stage complete themes are crazy catchy."
,Recommended,250110,20104398,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Whoop-it-Up Novel,A fun little twin-stick shooter that has a lot of characters to choose from.My major complaint with this game is that the difficulty curve is very poor. I cleared every single level in the game in 1-2 tries and then the final boss took me probably about 30 because the tuning on it is extremely tight. The game up to that point had been a very pleasant if somewhat easy ride.I think the developer should consider either lowering the difficulty of the final boss or ramping up the difficulty on later levels so when you reach the final boss you aren't woefully unprepared for it.  Otherwise it is a very fun shooter with a ton of replay value and an awesome soundtrack. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,250110,20099077,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Compulsion,"Fun Twin-Stick Shooter.  Great same-screen co-op experience.I played this game mostly on a shared computer with my coworkers.  Usually there were at least two of us playing, but sometimes we'd get four in there.This game has a happy, enjoyable atmosphere, and offers some challenging gameplay.  But there's not a tremendous amount of depth.  Once we beat the game there wasn't a whole lot to bring us back.  We powered our way to the end over the course of about 3 weeks grabbing time whenever we had the chance.  Steam doesn't really track time well for Family shared games, so I can't say for sure how much time we got out of it, but no more than a dozen hours.Still, we had a fun time alternating between this and Duck Game, depending on whether we wanted to co-operate or kill each other."
76561198023859269,Recommended,250110,20317113,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Inferno1200,I'm just a little android and my battery is running low.
,Recommended,250110,20165871,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,jake,"Loads of fun, highly recommended ~"
76561197969621512,Recommended,250110,20164003,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,NexusOmega,"This is a great game, its colourful and fun, the charecter designs are neat and the gameplay is enjoyable,10/10 perfect game,"
,Recommended,250110,20238682,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MrWahloh,"IMPORTANT: Before you start playing this game, don't forget to put something next to you that you're allowed to break, the controller your holding is a bad idea. A pillow didn't work for me, you'll need something that you can actually punch, punching a pillow does not let you relieve your rage.---------Ahh, Assault Android Cactus, I've played this game on the Normal difficulty and it infuriates me! The sad thing is, I like it.The game contains alot of humor and starts out pretty easy, you get introduced to the crew and you'll be able to select one out of four characters that you can progress with. Each character has it's own pros and cons based on the weapons it wields. You can switch characters at the start of the levels to try each and everyone of them. Later in the game you'll unlock new characters to play with, don't forget to check those out.Then it starts to get harder and harder, untill you die three times in a row because you made a stupid mistake. Yes this game is sooooo unforgiving. Lose a battery, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Move to the wrong position, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. At times it can feel incredibly unfair, but at that moment you'll just have to ragequit for a minute, get yourself a drink and return, it'll help I swear!Running out of battery at the moment you're about to pick one up can get extremely irritating, but... it only indicates that you're not playing at your best because the overall drop-rate of the batteries is fair enough.The feeling you get when you finally kill a boss after twenty deaths is the best, so keep trying you'll get there.The visuals are great! Don't think I can say more about that."
,Recommended,250110,20240006,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Toltage,"Fast-paced, action-packed, score-based twin-stick shooter, complemented with a bumping soundtrack, bright graphics, and a certain charm. Assault Android Cactus is quite the bloodrush. There's even Infinite and Daily ""Drives"" with randomized rounds to keep the experience fresh once you've perfected the campaign levels. Only thing that would've made the game better is online co-op.Buy this game. That is all."
76561198026354100,Recommended,250110,20222764,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Muril,"Very addictive arena twin-stick shooter. The gameplay is smooth and fair, though some of the boss fights may challenge you at first, i.e, you have to learn the bosses' quirks and react accordingly.  While playing the campaign you unlock several characters each with different primary and secondary weapons, adding greatly to the game's replay value. Did I mention the fantastic soundtrack? Now I did :)The only issue I have with the game is the camera when playing in local coop mode. It sometimes does not zoom out far enough, so you may accidentally run into an enemy or projectile ""hiding"" right behind the camera's edge."
,Recommended,250110,20136886,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mortdog247,"Extremely polished and tightly tuned, this Twin Stick shooter is pretty addicting. With so many playable characters, there is one for everyone. PINEAPPLE! And if you are crazy enough to go for S+ ranking, prepare for a really tough time requiring a perfect clear. I really enjoyed S+-ing the boss fights.And I haven't even tried co-op yet!"
76561198019770350,Recommended,250110,20411122,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Trotter,Amazing. 10/10 Love it!!!!!!
,Recommended,250110,19643711,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Overfiend,"Awesome twinstick (mouse is better xD) shooter. Hours of local co-op fun. A nice campaign mode that can be played single player, or with up to 4 players local co-op. Weapons are nice and the unlocking of extra characters make for a altogether fun experience. Two other game modes, that I've noticed. I'm still playing campaign. Fluid and visually appealing with plenty of colour, for even normal colour vision individuals, to have trouble with. There are 2 extra colour options, for those with colour vision difficulties.  Top game. worth every penny. Track 15 in Jukebox....Awesome lol"
,Recommended,250110,18467827,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Artowis,"One of the funnest twin stick shooters I've played in a long time. Not much on story, though the bits of it have a bit of humor to them and you can piece together a minor plot based on different dialogue with the bosses depending on which android you are. Gameplay is fast and frentic and generally quite enjoyable. There's a spike in difficulty around the halfway mark, but it doesn't get too ridiculous until the last few stages and especially the final boss of the game. In fact almost the entirety of the final five stages lives up to it's billing as a twin stick meets bullet hell. There's also enough playstyle differences between the characters that multiple playthroughs of stages are encouraged even if you aren't a perfectionist.While I wish the dodge mechanic was a little more fleshed out, I do like how well the simplicity flows in the game. Graphics are vibrant and colorful (there's an option to make their heads normal sized if that bothers you) and a number of filter options for those less rainbow vomit inclined. My only complaint with the graphics is some early areas are a bit barren and so they look straight out of the PS2 era with bland backgrounds and no enemy fire to distract you. Later the backgrounds get a bit more unique and the sheer amount that's happening will take up your attention.Soundtrack is kick♥♥♥♥♥and usually works with the action very well, especially the boss stages.If you enjoy arcade-style twin stick shooters or modern updates like Geometry Wars, yes this game is worth picking up. If you're on the fence about that style of game or have never played on before, wait for a steam sale or something and pick it up. You'll defintiely get at least a few hours of enjoyable play time out of it."
76561198041796070,Recommended,250110,18282576,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jonnyray,"Reminds me of the times when it was all about tight gameplay, great sound, and high scores. If this were the 90's you'd hear the word intense used pretty often to describe this one.  It really wakes up the senses lol.My laptop is a few years old so I turn down the settings to middlish to keep it smooth and responsive which is the most important thing. The graphics are simple enough that you're not really sacrificing much. A more powerful rig shouldn't have any trouble here.I haven't played through the whole thing yet but it appears to have plenty of unlockables along with different androids with different weapons to try that changes the game enough to play through it a few times. There's a sound test and juke box as well which is just awesome on so many levels. Did I mention the music? You know the music is good when they offer the soundtrack for sale.Love this game. Kudos to Witch Beam, first title I think so bright future ahead.  Hope this one moves a gazillion copies so we get more games like this. I'll be scooping up the wii u version as well.Peace"
,Recommended,250110,18505448,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Malitiatus,Very fun game. Great for couch co-op or when you just want to blow some stuff up. Developers are very nice and supportive. Can't recommend enough.
76561198012900037,Recommended,250110,18502749,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,MBSA,"I found it easy to get to grips with - even after not playing the genre for years; fun characters and colourful guns. I dont claim to be a master reviewer either but i found this to be all round excellent arcade action, nothing complicated - just a great big barrel of blasting fun!!"
76561197979075377,Recommended,250110,18452040,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,TheSpiralAim735,"This game is a great deal of fun to play and is addictive as all hell. Having put in a few hours and done all the modes I have to say I like this game. One of its shining aspects is how differently the characters play, it's almost like a different game with each of them. The overall simplicity and straightforwardness of the goals and ideas is refreshing in an era of stagnant game play focusing on illusions of free will and choices mattering. Here the choices come down to, character, stage, and method. And unlike other games, choices here make a direct difference :P Either way I have found myself really quite enjoying this game and have done really well on some daily challenges and some levels. There is some character inbalance, for example Startch is mindlessly easy to play and is very easy to rack up insane scores on while, Aubergine takes a great deal of focus to do half as good as swigning your second stick around randomly with Starch. The level designs are interesting if simplistic. There is one near the end of the game where the floor is constantly being made and unmade under your feet; this is an amazing level. The boss fights are a lot of fun, I found some of them frustrating, until I simply gave up and owned them with Startch. There is a silly story line that is kind of irrelevant in the enjoyment of this game.Overall the game looks good and plays nicely. I reccoemnd it to anyone looking for a solid dual-stick arcade game.One minor complain: I cannot get the game to register any input after the menu screens on my Linux Box (Debian Jesse 8). Not a big deal just =\"
,Recommended,250110,18540466,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,AutoNix,Assault Android Cactus is like Smash TV except that this has a story and a way better setup than Smash TV would ever have.  A choice of android and all with different attacks as well!  A well laid out action game that keeps you wanting to play on and on until you beat the leaderboard scores for each level.  It's a nail biter for sure!  Controllers aren't a must but should be used and of course someone will be using a controller at least since the multiplayer is local co op only.  So throw down with some friends and kill robots until you crush the game with the android of your choice!Overall Rating: 9/10
76561198016397464,Recommended,250110,18469264,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,BigShaman,Very good twin stick shooter with a twisted Time Attack logic :)Too bad for the last boss fight which is a bit thrown away and for the absence of online multiplayer.Get it if you are into bullet hell shooters!
,Recommended,250110,18547834,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Shadowhelm,"Not the greatest story or exceptional graphics quality or deepest gameplay mechanics, but HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S FUN!!!9/10"
,Recommended,250110,18647681,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sensei,Very addicting
76561197964113055,Recommended,250110,14753657,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,nbk_redspy,Fun little twin stick shooter.  They are updating it reguarly and is a Early Access game I can actually endorse.
76561198054356280,Recommended,250110,14846936,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,RevenantBacon,"One of the best top-down, twin0stick shooters I ihave played in a long time. Reminds me of the great arcade gamse of old."
76561198122940061,Recommended,250110,14784412,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Zoe2ndRunner,I was able to play this Gem at PAX AUS i didn't want to stop. My friend and I had a great chat one of the staff and played the game for close to 30min. Looking forward to being addicted to another great game
,Recommended,250110,14318556,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Das Spooky,"Support the dev and buy this game! If you love arcade shooters with good music, a proper difficulty and playing on the couch with friends, this is the game for you. Easy to play, hard to master."
76561197998407816,Recommended,250110,14017173,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ewan,"This is a really fun game. The music is great, the graphics are great (importantly, they let you see what's going on in the hectic fray), and the level design is really cool. The enemy design is also really inventive.If this game had multiplayer I would have bought several copies for friends during the steam sale."
76561198112489000,Recommended,250110,20920577,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Fox McCloud,"Really fun, faced paced, and addicting. Sit down and play a couple missions or play for hours doing Infinity Drive. Your battery constantly drains so it forces you to act fast and kill lots of enemies so they drop a battery. Power  Ups. Plenty of characters with different guns. And full controller support. I play with my steam controller and it works great so i can just kick back on the couch and relax and if i have people over they can plug in a controller and play on the big screen with me. Love it!"
,Recommended,250110,20847907,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Simen Ness,This game is Amazing!
,Recommended,250110,21246649,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,vanisher,Fun game
,Recommended,250110,21197256,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Azuvector,"Basically a modern version of Smash TV. A bit easier, but wonderful."
,Recommended,250110,21277743,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,gRuby,Great twin stick bullet hell with an awesome soundtrack!Must buy for anyone that likes that kind of gameplay.
,Recommended,250110,21520217,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Dorfelsnorf,"Man this is extremly fun and one of the few games that makes me want to play locally with friends on my computer, way too few games do that now days."
76561198029152484,Recommended,250110,21731704,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,WhiteKitsu,"This Game is a fun top down Twin-stick Shooter with Graphics simlar to Ratchet & Clank or Jak & Daxter on PS2, You can Play as 8 Different Android's (four of them need to be unlocked by playing the Game) that have they're own Primary weapons and Secondary weapons that Play differnet from each other, It's also 4 player co-op on one screen.There are also Extras in the game that can be unlocked with the Credits that you earn from Completing levels e.g Concept art and Stuff that can how you play such as First person mode, A.I Teammates and other stuff!I give this a soild 7/10Reasons why (cons), It can get pretty repetive, cuz you'll fighting same enemys muitple time and Bombs Pratcally kill you in one hit most of the time.Reasons why (Pros), The Graphics are very good, the Soundtrack is very Good, The bosses are somewhat challeging and all the characters play Differently and the Voice acting is good."
,Recommended,250110,21852178,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,dillof,One of the best twin stick shooters: It has character and great gameplay.
,Recommended,250110,22002902,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Shmashmenry,"Excellent game. No real cons. If you are looking for an engaging, well paced, top down shooter than look no further. IGN's claim that the game is “chaotic, polished, packed with variety and effortlessly charming,”  is accurate. Play and enjoy."
76561197968206309,Recommended,250110,21055878,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lone jacobs,great cool game...dual player fun :D
,Recommended,250110,21325098,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineAssault Android Cactus is a bullet hell 3D game developed by Witch Beam in which you can play multiple characters as you shoot numerous amounts of enemies while avoiding swarms of bullets and at the end of a zone, you get to fight a bossThe game's graphics and environments are very nice. The music is well produced and the voice acting is good. Although it is hard and sometimes frustrating the game is fun to playThe game can get hard. Assault Android Cactus introduces a battery life system, the battery constantly deplets until it reaches zero, once it reaches zero, you're dead. To regain your battery's life, you have to get battery life and it increases your battery life. However, the game can get frustrating when there are a lot of enemies and the power up lands right in front of them and you die because you didn't manage to get it in time. The battery life system is clever but can get annoying immediatelyThe game's main story is short, clocking in at around 3-4 hours. It is extremely short however the game does offer infinite waves, daily waves and once you've completed the game's story, a boss rush where constant bosses spawn. Plus, you can modify the game with EX mode. EX mode offers you to play in first person and other such modifiersAssault Android Cactus is a fun game, hard but fun. The game's short length might turn some people away. Thankfully, there is a demo for you to try out before buying the gameRECOMMENDED :)"
76561198052880366,Recommended,250110,18855716,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Snowfox,"This is such an exciting game.You start playing with 1 out for 4 starter androids. fight in small areans that are changes over the time.  Each android has 2 different weapons and all of then are quit different to play with, you can anytime change your android between the areans or at the end of it.  You able to play solo or in coop until 4 players.Inside the areans you will be able to get power ups and you need to collect batteries to stay a life. This can become very thrilling specially during the boss fights. But lucky overall the game is very fair with the battery drops and you mostly able to escape near death during a normal area. ;) The boss fights itself are all very good and fun to play.During my first play season I lost myself in the game and get really  excited from it and I start replaying areanes  and boss fight over and over again just because I was so close to a better rating or the area was just crazy because of the amount of enemies in it or want to try the same boss fight with a different android.The grafic and the style of the game is very colourful and depends on the zones with different themes, all with nice light effects. Depends on the themens and the situation the music is also all the the time changing to it. The soundtrack of the game is full of good electronic music and its easy to get catched in the music and fight like it.There are many things to unlock in the game starting with galleries, sounds, music too new androids, mods or tweeks on the game like different views, mega weapons. xDIf you like arena or bullet hell shooters and highscore races then this game is a must buy for you.Personally this is my favorite game of 2015 with the most fun and enjoyment, no other game what i played that year was so good as this one and could take me in its ban for so long."
76561197984723588,Recommended,250110,21517088,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Moldybeard,wonderful
,Recommended,250110,21492581,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nima92,"This is such a great game! Killer soundtrack, Super Responsive Controls, Character Variety, and Lots of Modes. Story is fun and compelling. YOU NEED TO BUY THIS GAME! Best Twinstick Game that's come out in a long♥♥♥♥♥time."
,Recommended,250110,21631228,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Vella,"This is an overall great game. If you want some mindless pixel smashing, this is the game for you. The one unfortuinate thing is, they opted for local coop only. This is a missed oppertunity, they should have added online support for coop. Dispite that, I still recommend the game."
,Recommended,250110,9288202,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Amateur Linux Gamer,"BEST TWIN STICK SHOOTER EVER, period.A+++++would go again.(HOLY EPITAPHS, I HATE MINES SO MUCH)"
,Recommended,250110,22284394,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Vile,"if the trailer looks like fun, you'll probably enjoy the game"
76561197984030719,Recommended,250110,22228263,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Widowbanger,"The best indie twin-stick shooter I've played. Cute Androids, hordes of angry robots, and unlimited ammo supply. This game will get challenging as you continue so keep moving, shooting, and Android on!"
76561198056796966,Recommended,250110,22620390,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Herr Hausen,"Awesome bird's eye view action shooter where you can get excited in flow when everything blinks around you. I always play it without sound, and put my own Music on, not because the sound is bad, but it just gets too much when everything explodes around you and such things. I guess it`s fun to play local Multiplayer. Single-Player is great to escape from the daily grid for a short time and then to get back to the projects your on.I recommend it, even if it`s around 10€ (which I think I paid for it)"
76561197994849273,Recommended,250110,22588368,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Rick,"Twin stick shooter with a lot of replayability: nice graphic, great soundtrack (I regret not buying it with the game), and many many touches of love here and there.It can be tackled in a relaxed way (just to finish it, no matter the rating) or in a plain DMC obsessive-compulsive disorder style (to get S+ in every level thank you very much but no sir...), so the level of frustration you'll get from it is mostly your call :)I didn't see a local coop option, which is in my opinion the only flaw, but I don't do coops anyway, so...Oh, and the game has a demo! Developers doesn't seem to bother about them nowadays, but those guy did, and let me try the goods before buying them (like... 10 minutes thereafter? :) ): this alone deserves 5-stars!"
76561198095891244,Recommended,250110,22347244,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,LiterallyUseless,"Just give the demo a try! It's fast, colorful, and hectic with just enough personality."
,Recommended,250110,22332655,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,StribleZZ,"Love this game!Great Gameplay, Graphics, Music, and fun story elements!So far I have all of the trophies on PS4 except the S+ all one... now working on the steam achievements ;-)"
76561198129531155,Recommended,250110,22696183,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Xsuperstar,"*Sings* I'm Just a little android.. and my batteries are running loooow!Love it! Starts off all cute and innocent, then all hell breaks lose! Definitely THE bullet hell twin stick shooter to get. Local co-op is awesome and all but this is another game that wouldve benefited from an online co-op mode."
76561198060931888,Recommended,250110,23149634,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,RKscitrx,BEST SHOOTER I'VE EVER PLAYED!!!And Adding AI Players can make it just as crazy and hilarious with friends!!
,Recommended,250110,20458958,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Da Busy World of Richard Scarry,"The best twin stick shooter on Steam. High quality especially from an independant developer. I can definitely see this game being it's own physical arcade booth. The bonus unlockable options are a great touch, though some are better than others. The game has great variety and replayability. Levels are easier to beat but difficult to master, and the boss fights are unique."
,Recommended,250110,20450727,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,jeff2417,"Feels like the games of old mixed with the graphics and fluidity of the new.  Irresistable.  Wish I bought the version with the soundtrack, as it is fantastic.    Twin Stick Shooter fans and fans of ""hop-in"" action games will enjoy.  Cool, fresh, design; Cool, quirky characters.  If this is an indie game, big game houses need to step it up in the $15 range.  This game oozes quality.Amazing, Amazing, Amazing!Overall 10/10"
76561198108238874,Recommended,250110,20448728,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,GothicLolitaHugo,https://hugosreviews.wordpress.com/2016/01/07/assault-android-cactus-shoot-the-all-things/
,Recommended,250110,20296398,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sirdorius,"I was searching for a chaotic and charismatic twin stick shooter for PC, and AAC offered exactly what I was expected and more. The shooting is solid and fun, the controls are excellent, the characters ooze charm, and the graphics are charismatic and chaotic but readable at the same time. The campaign lasts around 5 hours, but it does offer replayability with the daily/infinity drives and a few game modifiers.5/7 perfect score for this one"
76561198075145146,Recommended,250110,20298540,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lemongrade5,"Beautiful game, even tho I've beaten it in 3 hours, I still play it at least one hour a day (whenever I get the chance, sometimes I skip 1 hour of sleep to play this game, not even exaggerating).Must Have."
,Recommended,250110,20508731,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Holy Diver,"Hooked up the Steam Link this weekend with a steam controller, 2 PS4 controllers, and a F310 Logitech controller, then bought this game for some local co-op fun. It was a blast. We were able to beat the game in about 3-4 hours, but you can tell this game has some serious replay-ability. The final boss was surprisingly challenging; reminiscent of old-school games with brutal end-game bosses."
76561197970668455,Recommended,250110,20597137,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Jag,"The twin stick shooter genre has been around since the 1970s with Gun Fight, and a few years later with the more well known Robotron 2084. The reason I bring those games up is because the twin stick shooter genre is one of the oldest there is, and somehow a little indie developer named Witch Beam has made a title that is one of the best in it's class... now onto the game.Assault Android Cactus is a hybrid of sorts.It's mostly a twin stick shooter, but there's a bit of bullet hell in it's DNA. The first few levels are fairly easy, as you progress the game gets harder, as more enemies appear on screen AAC becomes more of a bullet hell, and you have to make smart use of the invincibility you receive when you switch weapons.There's 8 playable characters, each ""Android"" has a unique primary and secondary weapon, and a bit of personality. All 8 play pretty different, and i'm sure you'll find at least one or two that fit your playing style. Witch Beam actually put a story with voice acting and cutscenes, something you rarely see in this genre. It's not the best story ever told but it has a lot of charm and style, and is a nice bonus.Only real complaint I have is the last boss. Maybe i'm just terrible, but the last boss seems far more difficult than the rest of the game, and to this day I can only seem to beat it with a particular character, and only that one. But maybe i'm just doing it wrong, i'm not sure. Other than that, the game is excellent, looks and plays beautifully and I can see me returning in the following months even though I've finished AAC and play some more of the endless mode."
76561198043906277,Recommended,250110,20576891,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Locust2000,Great fun twin stick.  The unlockable modes like first person view are pretty cool also.
,Recommended,250110,20020540,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mozgus,"I BARELY recommend this at $10, but that's only because it's ending up being a very short game with a lot of stages that blur together as they rarely do anything unique. However, this is one beautiful game, perfectly optimized, The soundtrack is great (First heard this guy's work on the Sega Genesis in Skitchin'). Once I finally got the Steam Controller setup well for mouse aiming, I find it way superior to using a dual stick controller, but that will still certainly work for most people. This will probably drop to $5 next year in a sale, and it will be a must-buy then."
76561198067456246,Recommended,250110,20050857,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jkd,"The best top down shooter, but needs a chill-out mode...Thanks for the Linux version!"
,Recommended,250110,19892218,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Zayebanets,"This game might fall under the genre of ""bullet hell,"" but this game is bullet heaven."
,Recommended,250110,19894410,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,chad,"shoot fast, fun fast"
76561197971140034,Recommended,250110,19912228,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Didn't you kill my brother?,"Besides the inevitable aching thumbs and bloodshot eyes, there's nothing the discerning twin-stick shooter fan could possibly dislike about Assault Android Cactus. A wide variety of stages, from linear gauntlets to wave-like arenas and bosses ripped straight from the best bullet-hell shoot 'em ups, helps to keep things fresh; but it's the gameplay that will keep you glued to the screen. Responsive, fast-paced blasting with tight controls and weapons with just the right amount of kick make every squeeze of the trigger feel heavenly. Get on it."
,Recommended,250110,17923130,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kielos,"I'll recommend the game because I think it's fun and well-designed.However, without online multiplayer, the game will never realize its full potential..."
,Recommended,250110,28465251,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,vanty,"It's real, real, really, pretty, pretty, pretttty good. Just try the demo and you'll see for yourself."
76561197963476731,Recommended,250110,28428486,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,✠ §copΞ ✠,AWESOME ACTION GAME!CHALLENGING AND REPLAYABLE FOR A LONG TIME !!!
,Recommended,250110,28251663,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,okitu,"Currently one of my favorite couch coop games.Finished the campaign like 4 times with different groups of people, and even alone one time.The only thing i would like to criticize is the missing NG+ or another way to progress, after finishing the campaign.AAC is actually the only game you can play together with you gamer-guys AND your candy-crush-players and everyone is having fun all through the campaign. Sharing energy and being carried by the better players is such an simple but ingenious feature. Love it.Chasing for S-Ratings in each levels isn't really motivating, if you don't get rewarded in any way.But who cares, you get so many hours of fun.Go get it!"
76561197968570425,Recommended,250110,28653227,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,3rd-Dimension,"Wonderful game, especially for Co-op."
76561198009186894,Recommended,250110,28785302,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,>>zub | grezeh,K²O. Kaktus Kontra Osom
76561197981878975,Recommended,250110,29124855,Posted: 8 January,all,Cryptoglue,"Surprising replay value!Each android offers a different gameplay experience and if you have one, bring a friend makes a great couch co-op game."
76561198080296114,Recommended,250110,29135645,Posted: 8 January,all,WarioMan3K,"This ain't your daddy's Smash TV, but I gotta admit, it is fun for up to 4 players (despite the lack of online play, as far as I know). Always keeps you on your toes and never gets boring one bit, what with the usual online leaderboards and stuff. Hell, I'm nowhere near good enough to achieve an S+ rank on any level like all the other pros are doing, obviously because I have much to learn about each character's ups and downs, as well as the bosses' attack patterns, and who to choose for a particular level. Oh well, first time in everything...Still, I'd say this game is recommended, even if it ain't for everyone because sometimes it can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to avoid getting hit too many times that the battery depletion for the Android(s) becomes inevitable, especially during boss fights. It's doable alone, but two or more players can help make it more fun...if not too overwhelming.I give Assault Android Cactus an 8/10."
,Recommended,250110,29173146,Posted: 10 January,all,De-Nai'd,"So, Assault Andriod Cactus is a game that I can see myself playing for at least another 40 hours, if not more.It has some of the smoothest rewarding twin-stick action I've played, because it has a very strong focus on getting you into the aim/dodge groove. Some people talk about how DOOM can put you in the ""shooter trance"", I've found that this does the same for twin-sticks.It's very polished, has more than enough of a campaign (getting to the last level takes about 6 hours, but I have yet to beat the final boss), and then revisting the levels to try and S+ or get good scores on them is fun, as it's very satisfying to beat a level with an unbroken chain of kills. I also enjoy the characters of each of the andriods, even though they aren't 100% voice acted (which would have been fun, but it doesn't get in the way of the game)If you like twin-stick shooters at all, you *really* need to pick this up."
76561198002548908,Recommended,250110,29305803,Posted: 16 January,all,Efreet,"9/10 Amazing! I've been fan of this game since I played demo during (or before?) Early Access. This is one of my favorite indie games of all time. Really worth the money if you are into this type of gamesPros:- Graphics - it's so cute! :)- Awesome soundtrack- Replayability - there are 8 (or more) unique androids with individual play styles. You'll probably end up trying every level with each android- Addictive and thrilling gameplay - This is one of those games that after finishing level you just say ""Fuuuuuuhhh!!!! OMG!""- Optimization - the game runs really smooth which is a must for this type of gameCons:- Difficulty ballance - I rushed through the game and stopped only at the final boss. I'd like to have more challenging gameplay- Battery spawns - this is probably the only serious cons I have about this game. The core idea of the game is that you collect batteries to power your android (to continue playing). The problem is there doesn't seem to be clear rule when the battery will be dropped. In general I guess it happens every X killed enemies but sometimes it seems the game just gives you battery out of mercy (when you're low on battery level). It's really weird and because of that you start basically ignoring the battery because you don't know how to obtain it. You just know you have to kill everything as fast as possible. I know I go into much detail but this is the core idea of the game. It's not deal breaker, it just takes away part of the excitement once you realize this fact.But besides of that Assault Android Cactus is trully awesone"
76561198006707898,Recommended,250110,29583490,Posted: 30 January,all,OptimumNova,"Absolutely love this game! awesome sound track, great art design and a solid twin stick. Definately worth a purchase"
76561198046243811,Recommended,250110,29883572,Posted: 12 February,all,lord_numa,"Relatively short, but lots of replayability. It's a beautifully *polished* little thing - the Devs clearly thought very carefully about everything from feel of weaponry, transitions, to sound, to the HUD, etc. Excellent and insane fun local co-oping."
76561198000139087,Recommended,250110,29795443,Posted: 8 February,all,jOHNOh,Great lighthearted fun to be had with you and 3 others on a couch.
76561198058894807,Recommended,250110,30184893,Posted: 25 February,all,Sir Jynx,"Have had this game for quite a long time now. Every once in awhile I get on and throw in a few minutes - to a few hours. I really never touched the game too much. Over my last few visits to the game though, I have noticed NOTABLE improvements. The game feels more and more complete each visit, and has always been challenging. This style game usually seems easy, and almost mindless. Not with this game though. I think they balance a great line between challanging enough to where some boss fights or later levels REALLY require those few extra trys to perfect the strat for whatever Andriod girl you are using at the time, as well as a great leader board system, to motivate revisits to the levels already beat, to try and maximize DPS down time, rack up those combos, and climb the boards. GREAT game in this genre."
76561198058678828,Recommended,250110,30324270,Posted: 4 March,all,Pooty Skills,One of the best TSS games I've played.  The progression is super rewarding and has a ton of replayability.  PINEAPPLE!
76561198272081313,Recommended,250110,24097700,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Warmonk xD,"Short version: Really fun, fast paced bullet hell madness awesomeness.   08/10!Long version: I dont normaly play this kind of game, fast paced bullet hell kinda thing, but when I saw the video for this game I thought i would like it for some reason.... and boy I was right.This game is really fun, fast paced and satisfying when you start to get better.+ it have a nice replayability because of the diferent characters.If you like this kind of game or if the trailer made you interested I surely recomend giving it a try."
,Recommended,250110,31441168,Posted: 29 April,all,Syrsly,"Fun local coop bullet hell game with interesting character choices.Assault Android Cactus is very cutesy, but don't let that fool you.  The game is fun.  It has unlockables and achievements to keep you interested in progressing through the levels and doing your best.  That said, it's frustratingly hard for the less bullet hell oriented players.  If you are familiar with bullet hell games, you know to focus on dodging bullets above all else, and that's sometimes very difficult to accomplish in this game.Overall, it's worth the full price, but I feel like the devs could add a lot to the experience through DLC or free updates.  There's a lot of room for improvement.  I will now list the pros and cons for those who are still on-the-fence.Pros:Characters are very unique, giving each character its own playstyle and some room for replayability and experimenting with character abilities.Gameplay is very well balanced between bullet hell genre and coop shoot-'em-up genre.Boss fights are very challenging!The overworld map feels very much like a recent Super Mario game.  I found it very unique for this type of game.Graphics are very pleasing to the eye.  Characters look very stylish, and there's no slow-down or framerate drop even when there are tons of enemies and bullets and explosions.Cons:Characters can't be picked solely on appearance, because the weapons and abilities are tied directly to each character.  That means you can't play as the green character and use the red character's abilities or shooting style.Difficulty doesn't scale to the amount of players, so playing with only one player or by yourself makes the game kind of frustrating.  I don't really mind the difficulty when playing by myself, but my wife hates playing without the cheat for additional AI players.  That cheat was especially useful for defeating the first boss.The game is linear and lacks any form of exploration.  I would have liked to see some branching paths on the map, perhaps making some boss fights optional but rewarding players with additional characters once they beat said bosses.Again, the game's good, but it's a bullet hell game before anything else.  It's worth playing with friends when you can.  Get it at full price and show the developer some love. :)"
76561198022737421,Recommended,250110,32262089,Posted: 7 June,all,Turtle Pleasures,One of the best games I have played in years. Keeps me coming back for more!
,Recommended,250110,32802511,Posted: 25 June,all,cactus`,Love twin stick shooters?You're gonna like this -- a lot.
,Recommended,250110,33220015,Posted: 4 July,all,KnightViper[FT],Fast pace flashy visuals and multiple heroes with different weapons... what more could I ask for!
76561198048858028,Recommended,250110,33362214,Posted: 7 July,all,IndyHCKM,"Unexpectedly loved this game.Bought it because of the great reviews.  I was skeptical going in.  First few levels I thought ""eh - whatever.""  Then I caught myself smiling - more than in any game I can recall in years.The smiling lasted until the last two stages, at which point I started screaming - more than... well, really, I don't recall ever screaming at a game!Honestly, I was shocked at how hard the last two stages were.  I still haven't defeated the final boss and probably never will.Haven't played any co-op yet, but I imagine it could be fun (if not insanely hectic)."
,Recommended,250110,33491004,Posted: 12 July,all,Splipp,♥♥♥♥ing amazing through and through. I just wish the campaign was about 18 times longer!!
76561198138700608,Recommended,250110,33975517,Posted: 2 August,all,Apollo Trollo,"Brief: Score: 91/100.  An absolutely dazzling twin stick bullet hell/shoot ‘em up. One of the best games I’ve ever played, and I recommend it to anyone looking to play a bullet hell.It has a silly name.  However, that’s the name of the main character.  The levels throw a decent amount of variety at you as far as bullet hells are concerned.  The bosses can be challenging.  There are not a lot of powerups. There are only three powerups and each is fun, but they do not last long.  However, the limited number of powerups is mitigated by the fact that you have a number of characters with different offensive styles to choose from.  You can switch between characters throughout the game.  The pace is extremely fast."
,Recommended,250110,31453794,Posted: 29 April,all,_Spookskrieg,twin stick arcade game featuring waifu
,Recommended,250110,34492664,Posted: 25 August,all,Callum,"A fun twin-stick shooter with a unique battery mechanic that makes the game accessible for casual players whilst still leaving higher challenges for the hardcore. Great shared screen coop multiplayer. For added amusement and hyperactivity, turn off the music and play some Nightcore in the background."
