user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198031779243,Recommended,250320,12896263,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Babykohr,"One of the best story games in Steam. It was so good my friends sat around the computer watching me play it. It was like watching a really good movie except you are playing it. The story is so well done that you cannot help but to be engrossed in it. The visuals are amazing if you like a comic books which I do!! Some games have that cheesy voice acting but this game was top notch. It had just the right amount of everything for everybody. Script, score ... the whole shabang!  INCREDIBLE!! You will be missing out on one fine game if you have not played it.Wicked!!"
,Recommended,250320,18429334,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Vortex,Worth every penny. I wish I could erase my memories and play this masterpiece over and over.
,Recommended,250320,16635856,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Catric,"One of the best games i have ever played.Characters, choices, the story, everything is great.If you are thinking ""Should I buy this game?"" buy it. It will worth every cent. I guarentee it.I can't tell you more. My lips are sealed."
,Recommended,250320,8371815,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,AngryBoz68,"A mature story that takes place in a noir setting, The Wolf Among Us is a gritty take on various fairytale characters that have somehow escaped into our world and secretly living among us.  You assume the role of Bigby Wolf ""The big bad wolf"".  The first episode of the story has you involved in solving a murder mystery that has the appearance of leading to something much bigger.The game follows the Telltale forumula used with their Walking Dead games.  A narrative-driven story where your decisions have some impact on the outcome of certain story elements.  One significant and welcome change that was added to The Wolf Among Us is that not only do the choices you make impact the outcome, but also WHEN you make some of the choices.  This means that you can be presented with a decision of what order to do things and the order you choose will change how the story flows.  This new feature will add some amount of replayability to the game because of the significant changes in narrative that result from the order of certain decisions.The artwork follows a comic book style similar to Telltale's The Walking Dead games and the music is very well done and sets the tone for the game.  I also liked the feature where you unlock various ""Book of Fables"" entries as you play the game.  These entries will allow you to read more about the lore of the various characters and their backgrounds as they pertain to this story.I really enjoyed playing the first episode of this game and looking forward to what the future episodes will bring!"
,Recommended,250320,14269669,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ex0dle,"""You are not as bad as everyone says you are...""You Are The Big Bad Wolf...At first, I want to say thanks to the developers for creating this amazing game. Telltale Games is a new branch of episodic games with point-and-click system. And, it looks awesome. You, guys, have created a great tale with an exciting plot and vivid characters. I like it.The Wolf Among Us is a video game based on Fables comic book series, created by writer Bill Willingham. Our protagonist is Bigby, a.k.a. The Big Bad Wolf, sheriff of FableTown. He's extremely cunning and resourceful, in addition to being an excellent detective. Telltale Games have created an ideal sheriff moderately strict, but fair. Bigby is a true protector and savior of the city. I admire him.Advantages:+ Incredible storyline+ Interesting and charming characters+ Cinematic gameplay+ Strong and memorable protagonist+ Beautiful places of the city+ Constructive dialogues+ Amazing musicDisadvantages:- Not foundConclusion:The Wolf Among Us is a fantastic, morally ambiguous detective tale, that exceeds expectations, providing an intriguing and thought-provoking adventure.10/10.Recommend to all."
,Recommended,250320,11140270,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Kenuty,"Truly an amazing game from start to finish, the entire game is FINALLY released, The story is based on a comic and the game itself is the prequel to a nice graphic novel that you can check out. This game is a graphic novel game with interactive qtes and choices with consequences.Bigsby Wolf who protects the the people of fabletown, protects the border between  fables and mundane, fables are people who are from your fairy tales that has come to live thier lives in new york in a hidden society with spells(glamour) to hide thier real forms from mundanes (normal people), those who cannot afford it, lives an an area called the farm. A murder has happaned and it is up to Bigsby the big bald wolf and snow white to find out the answers, which leads to something much deeper and more sophisticated than this. You'll experience and encounter many characters from your favorite fables as you progress if you want to know more you've got to play the game, anymore would spoil this great story.the game is from telltale with implements of ideas from thier previous titles. There will be qte and choices that will affect the fate of those around you and how your story will progress, it will be a detective story and leaves you wanting more,I really enjoyed it and played multiple times to experience the choices differently. From start the finish the game is SOLID+ flawless voice acting+ story is immersive and leaves you at the edge of your seat at all times+ Replayable choices+ Fantastic art+ The way the story protrays the character from those fables is downright imaginative+  well placed  qte interaction during certain points in the game- Its a graphic novel type of game, some people will not like these types of games, if thats you know what you got yourself into!- Some of the episodes felt a bit slow with choices and less action but thats to tell the story, the best episode is definently 3- Remember not every choices will change every outcome some are set outcome so that the story flows"
,Recommended,250320,10798426,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nietzschan,[Light a cigarette][Threaten him][Hit him][Hit him again][Throw him out of a window][Glass him][Tear off his arm][Burn him][Kill him][Be big and bad][Light another cigarette][Be nice to Snow]
,Recommended,250320,16932033,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Rogers,"The Wolf Among Us to me is the strongest interactive story Telltalehas put out to date. Yes it is better than the Walking Dead, betterthan their new Game of Thrones (which has a lot of potential). Ican't call anything Telltale does a game, because tbh there is notmuch gameplay at all. Its mostly an interactive story. It is moreabout chosing dialouge options and minimal investigation thanabout ACTUAL gameplay. Which is fine, because I enjoy theirability to tell a good story.Do not be fooled though, the game offers the illusion of choice,The game will end up happening the way it is intended to nomatter what you chose. The only thing is you have to choosewhether characters live or die, or if people hate you or not. TheChoices in TWAU are quite good, and more than once you aregiven the choice of more than two options of what to investigateor chose. Which I like.The characters are expertly voiced and acted. The music andentire setting has a real Noir flair to it, which I was instantly inlove with. This game has a fantastic story with an intriuging worldfull of mystery and excellent characters. Bigby Wolf the maincharacter you play is one of my favorite protagonists secondonly to Geralt of Rivia.That being said if you enjoy what Telltale does, this is its bestwork in my opinion. Most people will love Walking Dead moresimply because it is the world that interests them more. If youwant an interesting story with the best characters and a noirishplot and setting, pick this sucker up and enjoy.Here is hoping for The Wolf Among Us Season 2 this year.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,11340854,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[AReV]Nomed,"(TLDR? This review is also available in video format for your convenience below.)Following the success of The Walking Dead, TellTale continues their tradition of interactive story based games with The Wolf Among Us.  Based off the Fables graphic novels, the Wolf Among us follows Bigby Wolf the newly reformed big bad wolf and appointed sheriff of Fabletown, a community within New York City that houses a plethora of washed up fable characters.  While enforcing the fabletown laws a series of events plunges Bigby into a murder investigation that involves the entire fable community where everyone is a suspect.The interplay between the various characters is handled well with witty banter and humorous responses that take advantage of the history behind every citizen.  Compared to the Walking Dead, the story moves along at a brisk pace with significantly less time spent in conversation hub areas requiring you to exhaust every option of interaction before being allowed to progress forward.  The fantastic story is also strengthened by the clean comic book style of 1986 new york with a solid soundtrack complimenting Bigby's search for the truth.There are occasional fighting sequences similar to Heavy Rain where Quick time events have to be completed lest Bigby take's a pounding that can have an effect on later events.  Decisions you make also feel like they have more impact on the narrative than TellTale's other titles as it does a better job of masking the transparency of keeping you to the critical path of the story.  Having a strong central objective and antagonist also makes each episode feel more cohesive than the Walking Dead.Voice acting is top notch as every snarky remark and desperate confession carries appropriate weight. Facial animations are much stronger than the Walking Dead with less rogue eyebrow movements and a stronger emphasis on subtlety.  The contrast between the idealized “happily ever after” fables and the miserable lives they're now living as supernatural beings with real world problems creates a truly engaging story.  There's something special about seeing characters like Beauty and the Beast having marital problems after a few hundred years and needing help to pay rent to maintain any grasp on the lives they once had.  While fables are generally told as children's stories they tend to be inherently dark and primal, the wolf among us isn't afraid to push further into the grit of old fables as adult themes, language and violence are common place.Dialogue options are pretty satisfactory, there were only a few times I wasn't able to respond in a manner I felt would've been appropriate and piecing together evidence in a crime scene rewards the player by making relevant connections in dialogue afterward.  Each episode is generally around 2 hours in length and worth the price of admission.The Wolf Among Us offers a much stronger interactive experience than the first season of the Walking Dead with a captivating story, engrossing characters and a much needed fix on pacing.  Bigby's investigation has plenty of twists and turns to keep players engaged in the on-goings of Fabletown with an original premise and a morally gray protagonist that allows every interaction regardless of how violent or generous to feel natural.  While it allows you tackle objectives in different ways from time to time, the story remains pretty linear without any true divergences occurring.  The overall outcomes are going to be similar regardless of what path you choose.  Still, changing the details, and Fabletown's perception of Bigby has it's own reward.  Anyone who's looking for a great story with action, humor, compassion, a talking pig and mystery should give the Wolf Among Us a try.Don't feel like reading all of this? Here's a video version:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONxbaYRhX_kPros:+ Intriguing story+ Paced well+ Great visuals & art direction.+ Dialogue is well written+ Perfect balance of humor and dramaCons:- Linear- Choices don't have a major effect- Limited dialogue optionsIf you enjoyed this review, feel free to follow me as a Steam Curator:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/4886473/"
76561197998761789,Recommended,250320,26229058,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,#daN.,Bring out Season 2 already...
76561198030080447,Recommended,250320,14035253,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,PrinzEugen,"Superb example of Telltale's storytellingI have to admit: I was late in discovering Telltale's particular style of developing adventure games. My first real experience with any of their recent games was last summer, when I played and enjoyed the first seasdon of their vision onThe Walking Dead. For the many gamers who've played either of these titles, the format ofThe Wolf Among Uswill come as no surprise: it's an episodic adventure game based on a comics book-series. But the setting is rather different: inThe Walking Deadpeople, be it good or bad ones, are set agaist the onslaught of a catastrophical zombie-apocalypse, which makes the player sympathize a lot (in my case anyway) with one or more of the people.The Wolf Among Usis based on the Fables comic books, a modern-day twist on several figures out of children's stories or legends who were driven from their homelands and turned to live in New York, helped by some magic called ""glamours"" that makes them appear in a human form.This setting may look like less ""dangerous"" at the first sight, but that's actually far from the truth. What starts out as a mature version of a story using some well-known fable characters (The Bid Bad Wolf aka The Sheriff is the you one play with), rather quickly turns into a grim, gritty adventure where nothing is what it seems and dangers looms large around every corner. Fabletown turns out not to be the safe-heaven everybody hopes for, but a harsh place in the middle of a rather coldish city dominated by the impersonal lights of neon-advertisements. Just like inThe Walking Dead, actual gameplay is restricted to watching cutscenes (all of them very compellingly done) and interacting with other fables and objects. There is hardly any inventory to speak of and no puzzles: the main thing to do is to react to what is being said or happens. For this several options are given, and most of the time you have to choose your reaction within a limited timespan. This is so meticiouly done, that some decisions can be taken at leisure, while others need to be done in a split-second (just like in real life, probably).Gameplay-wise, the one real difference compared to other Telltale-games lies in the amount of quick action-scenes. In these, players have to react quickly by pushing an indicated button on the gamepad (which I do recommend highly for this type of games). There are quite of lot of these ""events""', maybe too many to some's likings, but for me they felt perfectly integrated. This is an action-filled world after-all, where violence seems to be omnipresent. As such, this game is definitely not for children: the violence can be very brutal and up-close.As an example of how an original story can be interactively told in a game,The Wolf Among Ussucceeds magnificently. I did not feel the same amount of emotional interaction as inThe Walking Dead, but the sheer tension and the detective-like feeling more than made up for that. This is another triumph for one of the best game developers currently active.Gameplay: 27/30Graphics: 17/20 (Telltale's engine is very well suited to the film noir-feeling this game has)Sound: 10/10 (the sound-effects and especially the music are top-notch and help so much to give the right atmosphere)Technical/stability: 10/10 (smooth and stable to perfection)Replayability: 5/10 (when paying good attention, there is no need for a second play-through, but that's perfectly normal)Steam integration: 9/10 (no trading cards but in true Telltale-tradition a bunch of achievements that unlock as you progress, making it an easy-to-get 100% game)Personal appreciation: 9/10Overall score: 87/100.Wonderful game!"
,Recommended,250320,18335144,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mizu,"*Looks at a soda machine*""Urgh.. This♥♥♥♥♥♥would kill ya...""*Takes a smoke*"
76561197982599011,Recommended,250320,17266224,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,に ちHarmless に,Great. No complaints. Except where is Season 2?
,Recommended,250320,31380441,Posted: 26 April,all,Fherrera,"you do good thing, you smoke cigaretteyou do bad thing, you smoke cigarettegame is not about your choices you make because at the of the day you will always smoke a cigarette."
,Recommended,250320,28485964,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ground beef,you're not as bad as everyone says you are.
,Recommended,250320,10020486,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,TristianX,"Great game - great storyline, I really like the art and music.  Best game I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,250320,13156522,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BlaqkAudio,I saw The Little Mermaid's boobs - 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,250320,7372981,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Mr. Sweet,"Edit: Episode 3 is dramatic, climatic and excellent improvment form the seemingly rushed EP2. Episode 3 now seems to focus more on time, where to go first. Playing as Bigby gets more immersive due to the higher amount of more action, choices and of course, as ruined in the art, the wolf form. While only appearing once it really does show the image of Bigby letting go. So much so I went back and replayed that final scene 2 times to reach a consensus on the ending.Though only on its first episode, I think this will turn out to be a great game/episodes/series/whatever. The games has a very intriguing story which comes from a series of comic books, the characters are well written especially Toad. The art style is the same comic book feel as Telltale's other series/things The Walking dead. One thing that is really intresting comes with that there is no moral compas character like Clementime, which leaves all descisions to be almost made without direction. This game will be just as good as TWD and I hope people play this."
,Recommended,250320,12284851,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Chewable C++,"(I am not familiar with the Fables comics source material, however no such familiarity is at all required to enjoy the game)The 98% positive user reviews are probably good enough already, but just in case:If you liked The Walking Dead, you'll probably like this.If you like the X-Men character Wolverine, you'll probably like the main character, as they have many similarities.If you like the idea of classic fairy tales being ""reimagined"" in a dark metropolitan setting, you'll probably like this.The art style is great. I don't think the screenshots and trailers fully do it justice. Although the color inversion shadowing looks a very strange at times.If you can't stand (fairly extreme) violence and/or swearing, you might want to pass on it. Though if you tolerated The Walking Dead on this point, you'll be fine.A few other considerations:The choice making in this game seems even less consequential than in The Walking Dead. This doesn't particularly bother me, but if you're expecting a branching story line, you're setting yourself up for disappointment.I think there were more QTEs (Quick Time Events) than in The Walking Dead. This doesn't bother much either. I see it as a way to make the game feel more interactive and keep the user engaged and paying attention. Works well enough for me. I'm not expecting a deep gameplay challenge with a title like this.Basically every main character is flawed somehow. Defiling your memory of beloved story book characters is part of the point here. You might not end up truly liking any of the characters. On the other hand, you might get a validatory kick out of seeing their utopias broken."
76561198025653291,Recommended,250320,12325896,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Steph S.,This game is similar in style to the Walking Dead. If you liked that game you will love this game. Very good story and soundtrack.
76561198171106325,Recommended,250320,31336666,Posted: 24 April,all,pisutbill911,please season 2 this game is awesome
,Recommended,250320,20128460,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lunar Nepneus,MIRROR MIRROR ON THE WALLWHEN THE ♥♥♥♥ IS SEASON TWO GONNA BE RELEASED?IF AT ALL
,Recommended,250320,9506806,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Earthquake God Lizard,"Went to a strip club, topless mermaid inside."
76561198036017545,Recommended,250320,18428526,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Titan shield,Got to see Little mermaid topless. 200/10
,Recommended,250320,18437661,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Chris,Great Game.The story was amazing.i want to say more but these lips are sealed
76561198087663013,Recommended,250320,28640742,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,esmecammarata,"The BEST game I've ever played. Telltale has done an AMAZING job with this one.Pros:-Detailed and complex story-Shapeable relationships with other characters-Good combat system, not to hard or easy-Balance between walking, talking, and fighting-Great creativity and writing-Adult themes-Makes you think-Feels like a TV show-Great grafics-AMAZING SOUNDTRACK-Great voice actingCons:-No second season-Choices dont effect gameplay as much as they seem like they would-Not enough romance"
,Recommended,250320,31846482,Posted: 19 May,all,Sorter,"The Wolf Among Us is, to say the least, an absolutely amazing piece of art.It's been a very long time since a game could make me physically say ""oh sh!t"" out loud... but let me tell you why:Emotions. The Wolf Among Us is very good at invoking your emotions, but I'm not just talking about making you feel happy or sad... I'm talking about emotions and responses that a gamerarelymakes you feel, like disgust, shock, awe, and those awesome moments that make you go ""wow"" and ""f*ck yeah!"". From this, I'd like to state that the quality of the story is entirely superb and was very captivating. I was invested, and was always left wanting more after each twist and major plot point.You play as Bigby Wolf, the big bad wolf himself! After uncovering a murder in Fabletown, you must discover clues, follow leads, question suspects, and try to fit all the pieces together... but all is not as it seems. This is very much a detective-thriller type of game, but has such a well written, engaging, and mature story that it at times feels like a film. Don't let the ""Point & Click"" genre thow you off because it's just simply breathtaking.I went in to The Wolf Among Us blind, only basing my purchase on previous experiences with Telltale's ""The Walking Dead"". I can tell you now that I was delighted to discover a fresh and mature story to go along withoutstandingvoice acting. This game is all about the choices you make, and from the wide variety of emotional and moral options you're given, the voice acting only compliments it.Although it may be short, it is definitely worth it, and playing as the big bad wolf himself is very, very fun (they weren't lying when they said this game was a ""gritty, violent and mature thriller"").My advice is to go in to the game blind and just let it amaze you, like it amazed me. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,12195673,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,InfernoKun,Bigby ate glass because he thought they were sugar crystals.10/10 Great game
,Recommended,250320,9764641,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Ｓｕｉｃｉｄａｌ　ＯｌｄＭａｎ,[Glass him]
,Recommended,250320,33672437,Posted: 20 July,all,Krept,Stranger: He-Me: THE WOLF AMONG US IS GETTING SEASON 2
,Recommended,250320,29592043,Posted: 30 January,all,Rosso,"""Why is the wolf always the bad guy?"""
,Recommended,250320,29811150,Posted: 9 February,all,Ｄｅｆｅｃｔ,FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WHERE IS SEASON 2?!
,Recommended,250320,33342579,Posted: 7 July,all,Athravan,"I can't believe it's been over 3 years since this game released. I recently looked through my library and was attempting to categorize things - I didn't get very far! I realized that this was a game that I'd fully completed - but never got around to reviewing. Time to rectify that!Apply the usual Telltale FormatThe Wolf Among Us is an episodic game from Telltale; and follows their fairly tried and tested format of light point and click with QTE combat. I find the gameplay itself a little clunky and limiting and certainly not the strength of the game. The strength here is definitely the storytelling which I found extremely well written and engaging.It is a dark retelling of some familiar fairy tales, where some memorable childhood characters are trapped in a dreary half-life, living under strict rules to protect the magical, terrified of being sent to ""the farm"". The Big Bad Wolf (Bigby) is the sheriff, investigating some brutal murders and unconvering piece by piece a conspiracy at the heart of the community. You can play Bigby as a cold-hearted cruel taskmaster, or a tortured good guy trying to atone.... or something in between. A realistic hybrid, a character with depth.It's a crime-mystery storyline that pulls you in and drags you along at a good pace. Throw in a smidge of romance, a dollop of friendship and an awful lot of anger simmering beneath the surface and you've got a good drama brewing. It manages to be quite dark and emotional in places, whilst making me laugh in others. In short, it's a bloody good story.Pros: ☑ ☑ ☑Gripping writing and unique storyline.Believeable characters and good voice acting.Dark aesthetic.Choice of playstyles through dialogue.Cons: ☒ ☒ ☒Telltale's engine is dated and clunky.The only action comes from QTE events.The choices offer different dialogues, but ultimately aren't always meaningful.A fairly short game, around 8 hours should complete it.This is my second favourite Telltale game, the first being The Walking Dead (Season One), so I'd definitely recommend it to those looking for an engaging and unique story.P.S. I am starting to gather my reviews up through the curator system. If you'd like to read more of my reviews in the future and see what sort of games an old lady like me recommends, I'd appreciate it if youfollow my curator page!♥ ♥ ♥"
,Recommended,250320,12616675,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JaylenJayce,The Wolf Among Us is a fantastic adventure game combined with a well written story and strong characters. I was from beginning to end curious what sick♥♥♥♥♥♥going to happen next that mean there is no dull moment. The decisions you are going to make are actually bringing consequences in the further game process they also will effect the relationship to other characters in Fabletown. The atmosphere is pretty thrilling and oppressive probably because of this awesome design choosen by the developers. The gameplay mechanic are not revolutionary but good implemented. To be honest I wouldn't call it a game more a interactive movie and this in a positive way.I definitely recommending this gaming experience!
,Recommended,250320,27677707,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ragnarök,"First of all, I have to say that this is the one and only game that should win the following Steam Award:""BEST USE OF A FARM ANIMAL""Review on:The Wolf Among Us is a Telltale adventure game based on Fables, a series of comic books that create a universe where characters of traditional ""fables"", hence the name, live ""among us"" (hencethe othername).The universe itself is not as childish as those tales, though, and that's something Telltale wants you to know from the very beginning. Fortunately, it falls not within the adulthood of God of War 2 and 3 but instead, closer to his older brother The Walking Dead.Even if I consider, plot and structurewise, The Walking Dead to be a superior game, with The Wolf Among Us Telltale delivered another great gem which, while similar in many aspects to TWD, still manages to have strengths of his own.The argument itself is Sherlock Holmes-esque, toned down to match the Fables universe, which I think is one of its biggest virtues. I wasamazedby the way the game introduces and develops a bunch of characters taken out of fairy tales and accomplishes to keep a balance between the divergence and characterization of those characters with respect to their analogues in the traditional fables.Those characters are now living in the slums of New York city, and have been beaten by life itself. They are not shown as theytrulyare to us muggles, as that would lead to conflict. They are people with life and social problems, allowing us to easily empathize with them.Gameplaywise, do not expect any more than a... Well, than a Telltale game. Which mainly consists in dialogue choosing and some quicktime events.I did appreciate that they polished the movearound moments of The Walking Dead (Lee having to cross the farm, quite a few minutes to get from point A to point B), but that's all there is to it. Same mechanics, same graphic engine...BUT, you can surely expect a game thatmakes you think. And I'm not talking about the plot.Which is a rather good thing, and I can't but recommend this game to you all.(Various edits to format)"
,Recommended,250320,13435890,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,BOBO-COCK,"The Wolf Among Us is a story focused quick time event / point and click game, and is by far the best game i've played from Telltale until now.Story / SettingThis is clearly the best thing with that game, it's probably the most original setting I've seen in a game ever. Without spoiling, it's some kind of mix between Harry Potter, fairy tails, and a film noir.I found the story amazing, and I'm glad I bought the game late enough to play all episodes in a row at once ! (I finished the game in barely 3 days).GameplayThe gameplay is the exact same as the other Telltale games I had played (TWD S1&2). It just worked a bit better here, since this game is more based on investigation than TWD, and it really fits with the point and click aspect. The combats, dialogues, and investigation are still great, but once again, the choices you have to make don't have a real inpact on the story... whatever you choose, the main story elements will stay the same.PerformanceRuns ok on my 4 yo laptop, even on high settings.Style / GraphicsOnce again, it's the exact same thing as what I was used before with the developer. I love it, it looks like an interactive comic or something.Really one of the best single player game I've played, and the best narrative one for sure. I just hope Telltale starts focusing more on the player choices / story evolution, and does some more original games like it, and less series / video game adaptations."
76561198012346438,Recommended,250320,31830107,Posted: 18 May,all,DoubleTen [ZOOM],"Best Telltale game of all.It has everything: style, black humour, plot-twists, misteries and fascinating characters.Buy it now!"
,Recommended,250320,29473505,Posted: 24 January,all,Bagheera,Still waiting for The Wolf Among Us: Season 2
,Recommended,250320,32729546,Posted: 24 June,all,Globster.CZ,"This game presents a gripping, suspenseful, dark, very mature and very complex detective story about a wolf in sheriff's clothing solving a series of murders in Fabletown using his acute sense of smell, intimidation and wit, but nothing else, no high-tech gadgets. It's about all the folklore, fantasy and fairytale creatures you could ever imagine hailing from their Homelands to live with ""mundies"" in the mundane world. The Fables, as they call themselves, have origins in many countries and cultures ranging from tales about Snow-White and Rose-Red, Beauty and the Beast, Beowulf, Little Red Riding Hood or Sleepy Hollow. Now the gameplay consists of choosing from several responses, quick-time events and environment exploration all as we know it from The Walking Dead. The time to response is limited, but can be circumvented by pressing Space to simply make the game pause. Personally, I used the pause button many times simply because the time limit was too short for me to make a firm decision. All characters behave very realistically, so it feels like talking to a real person most of the time. The top-notch animations and voice acting also help a lot. However, I found that many decisions simply had little to no effect on the rest of the story. There are many notifications that someone will remember something, but in the end, the story is more or less same for everyone. But even if it's just an illusion of choice it works very well in keeping you on the edge of the seat most of the time. The story has a fairly satisfying outcome. As for the soundtrack, it is exceptionally good capturing this noir, dark, 80's feel or whatever. It's more of a graphic novel or interactive movie than a game, but the story is so good it will keep you interested.8/10+ storytelling, complexity, mood, soundtrack, voice acting- the response timer, the illusion of choice"
,Recommended,250320,31177113,Posted: 16 April,all,Da9L [NO],"Played all episodes in one sitting, when I was done it was 5 am, and immediately checked the store page for a season 2...there is none, so now I'm sad :(But needless to say, I loved this game."
,Recommended,250320,19691580,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ElderVen,"Do you like comics? Do you like a good story and gameplay? Do you enjoy great acting?Well good. You chose right, then.I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm not a fan of The Walking Dead. I hate it. Zombies just are not interesting, nor are the characters in it. This is absolutely not TWD, but something that can be enjoyed by a simple lover of the cinema. One of the genius things that Telltale seems to do with these games is create a beautiful, full movie that you can interact with, with generally minimalistic animation. They tend to not even use mocap, as far as I know. But, somehow, they can create fully realized characters on your screen.Playing as Bigby Wolf in this film-noire-esque game was an absolute delight. You could choose to live up to the name ""The Big Bad Wolf,"" or toss it out the window and prove that you're ""not as bad as everyone says you are.""GraphicsThe first thing you'll notice going into this game is the ""cell-shaded"" models and hard-outlined background and textures.  This design choice serves to put you into the genre. The story of ""The Wolf Among Us"" is a prequel to the comic book series ""Fables"" by author Bill Whittingham. Even if - especially if - you've not read Fables, this game is still a wonderful ride. Any lover of the graphic novel medium will be sure to appreciate the art and design direction, and the wonderfully crafted comic-book characters. Bigby Wolf can be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, sure, and he tends to do so, but he can also be a tender sweetheart, just following what he thinks is right. I'm also not ashamed to admit I chose whatever option would please Snow. What can I say? I'm a hopeless romatic. Anyway, if you're a fan of comics, you're a fan of The Wolf Among Us.Gameplay and ChoicesYou may have heard that this game, and other Telltale Games, use QTEs (Quicktime Events) to put you into the action. While the usage of QTEs can upset most people, because it seems like a needless difficulty meter for a game that doesn't need it; I truly appreciated the use of QTEs in TWAU (The Wolf Among Us). The Quicktime Events were NOT overused, nor were they needlessly difficult. I felt as though they DID put me further into the story - which, by the way, was wonderful. The rest of the gameplay is based on making, generally, one of four choices, each with it's own tone and consequences to your relationships with the characters: Your choices DO matter, though not always in the way you expect. You will often be presented with two or three very clearly important choices, and those have immediate consequences. Sometimes, it may result in the death of another, or the hatred of a friend. Your choices put you further into the role of Bigby Wolf.ActingThe acting in this game is oddly phenomenal. As an actor myself, and simply as a person who observes things, you can tell within the first few minutes that each character has a personality both vocally and visually. They move differently, speak differently, and express differently. Bigby Wolf and Snow White, being the most notable ones, have great voice actors and facial expressions as you progress through the increasingly dramatic twists and turns. I highly recommend you see for youself.StoryThe story of TWAU is set before the story of the Fables comic series. The Adversary, a villain with only a name, has driven the Fables out of the Homeland and in the world of the mundanes, or normal people. They create a town, funded by a murderer, and attempt to make sense of their new lives in the mundane world. Fabletown is set in New York, and takes on a film noir style tone and setting. The law in the town is in disarray - people who need help aren't getting it, and people who get it aren't needing it. With Assistant Deputy Snow White, and Sherrif Bigby Wolf being the only truly active members of the city, not much gets done, and its citizens are growing ever in debt. Fables have to keep up a magic spell, known as a glamour, to remain to be seen as human (those who don't look human already, that is). Those who can't afford a glamour are sent to the farm, where the animal-like Fables see it as a prison, and the humans see it as a vacation home. With the increasing conflict between Fables classes, money issues, and lawmaking, it's not wonder that a single spark can set the entire feigned peace of the town ablaze. Take control of the story, and make it your own, as The Big Bad Wolf.ConclusionOverall, this game was a masterpiece. Sure, it wasn't an original IP, as are most Telltale Games, but it was a worthy expansion to the Fables universe and a wonderful standalone story. I sincerely hope you consider buying and playing this game, and I hope Telltale creates a Season Two. Now, if you excuse me, I'll be purchasing the new Wolf Among Us graphic novels and single-issue comics, as well as reading the entirety of ""Fables"" and ""Fairest!""10/10. Peace."
,Recommended,250320,12471271,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,loquee,"I bought this on sale only because of the praise it received in the trusted media and amongst my colleagues.Since I did not enjoy the previous telltale games too much, it took quite a while until I installed and played season 1.I liked the first episode, made my peace with quick time events and was generally very fond of the visual aestethics and the cinematic sequences.My second session with the game then completely sucked me into this universe and I played through episodes 2-5 in one sitting.The game has the perfect tone, writing, pacing and mix of interaction and story.I am not feeling that my decisions have that much impact on the general story though.Still waiting for something really bad and unpleasant happening because of one of my choices.You should definitely buy this and spend 3h to play the first 2 episodes, it will be money and time very well spent and you will most probably finish season one very soon.I was very surprised how much I enjoyed this kind of game and I will consider Telltale's product on release date now"
,Recommended,250320,11154314,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Tom,"I had been holding out playing this game until the final chapter was released yesterday. The game style is very much like the Walking Dead series. Five chapters, and your choices help build a unique story.Although the game style is the same as Walking Dead, there are a few differences. There certainly isn't many, if any at all, puzzles in The Wolf Among Us. It all seems to be very dialog based, which isn't a bad thing!I found it a very enjoyable play through, you could sit back with a glass of wine and watch it like a film. The QTE that popup when you least expect them keep you quick on your feet as well.I won't go too much into the story as I wouldn't want to spoil the plot, but it keeps you on edge the whole time, keeps you guessing as to what comes next. Thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,250320,28517765,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Indictment,Great game! Love the story!BUT! where is Season 2 Tell Tale?
,Recommended,250320,20030984,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,oh hi hello there it's me,Bigby never leaves the friendzone10/10
76561198198346662,Recommended,250320,24247332,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Rangers,"Please hurry to a sequel, is that ok?"
76561198000861562,Recommended,250320,11175206,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Z0mBi3,"I wanted to write a review long time ago but I also wanted to see whether or not Telltale Games could deliver all the way before doing so. The final episode is out now and it's time to review the whole package.You're playing as the Big Bad Wolf. You are the sheriff of Fabletown and you have sworn to protect the city and the Mundane people (normal humans citizens) from the Fables. You have to make sure Fables wear glamour (basically a disguise) to make them look human.You are investigating a series of murders throughout the five episodes and it gets more and more interesting along the way. You meet a lot of famous Fables during the episodes like Bloody Mary, Beauty and Beast and the crooked man. There is many more as well and in the main menu you can read up on some backstory, which is really helpful if you're new into the fables and the characters.Even if you haven't read Bill Willingham's comic book series, called Fables, you will still understand the story. However it's certainly good if you have some knowledge of Fables like Big Bad Wolf before going into this. The story about the Big Bad Wolf, the red riding hood and the three little pigs is a common tale at least here in Sweden.Telltale have changed the quicktime events around from The Walking Dead and added some new features. The Wolf Amoung Us is nothing like the Walking Dead except for the fact that it is a point and click game. It tells a more gritty and dark story then the walking dead and the graphic style is different. It's different in a good way.The Wolf Among Us have a fairly cheap price tag for quite many hours of enjoyment. The voice acting is really good and so is the look and the feel of the game. A very solid game that I would recommend to anyone that's looking for a great story and for fans of point and click games in general."
76561197975503147,Recommended,250320,7874993,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Laserfrog,"Alright, Episode Two has gone live and having played through it twice, I'm ready to edit the review. Will definitely continue to update the review until I feel like I finally have enough to have a bigger picture of the whole game.In light of Episode Two's release, I am willing to upgrade my review to a recommendation, but only just barely. The release was delayed for a much greater amount of time than most players had anticipated (about four months), and all of the admittedly minor problems of the previous episode and the more pressing problems of the game's episodic structure as a whole still stand.Episode Two is just about as short as the first episode (around an hour and a half average), and this is furthered by the fact that it lacks many of the features that the first brought to the table. There is no story branching to be found here, no particularly challenging puzzles, and very few QTE-driven action sequences. While this may seem like negative criticism, it really does actually help to drive home the focus on the game's story, which very much starts to heat up here.The episodic structure of the game is still a mark against it, especially considering that now Telltale have not only released development of this game alongside The Walking Dead 2, but have begun work on two completely new games based on the Borderlands and Game of Thrones IPs. It feels like they may have bitten off a bit more than they can chew, and it shows at points in the game. Some scenes for example that you may have seen at the end of the first episode's preview section will turn up in the second, though even though the dialogue will be the same, the location of the scene will be completely different.All in all the game is a very good dialogue-based Adventure game, albeit one with a rather questionable development model. It is worth picking up, but if you can borrow it off your friends or play it off someone else's box, that would probably be the better choice. Logically speaking, it would still be best to wait until the full game is released, but I do feel that there should be enough here to justify a purchase, even if only just so. My issues with the game's release model and its developers do not detract from the fact that this game is defintely worth playing, whether or not it is worth actually buying."
,Recommended,250320,23222854,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,killerkitten,Really great. Would love a season 2.
,Recommended,250320,13337768,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mayor Memeswell,"Beheaded two people, both of which were misclicks. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,24040707,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Stachmo,"I normally like games that have great character development, great story, and superb atmosphere. The Wolf Among Us absolutely nailed all of these three subjects. It is one of the best games I have ever played.The first major impression I had is the characters. The characters are incredibly unique and funny. When I started learning a lot about them, I felt like I was in a different world living with them. I did not want to leave. It was such a shame this game has an ending.The story is absolutely brilliant and full of insane twists. It reminded me a lot of Twin Peaks, David Lynch movies, and other great murder mystery stories. They build a lot of twists, tension, and develop great atmosphere. Speaking of atmosphere, the art direction in this game is one of the best I have ever seen in gaming. The choice of colors and shading is unbelievable. This is eye candy for people who like taking screenshots.I do not want to say anything what it is about. You got to try this game out and be surprised.Brilliant game.9.4 out of 10"
76561198132960300,Recommended,250320,11764398,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,LoneWolf,"OK, i just want to mention that the time played is wrong. This total includes at least 3-5hrs. of pausing to make coffee, watch the news ect. The Achievements are all straight forward & story related, except for a few that require very short re-plays of certain parts of the story. Also i'll try to avoid any spoilers to a pretty good storyline.As for the game itself, it was very good, but not great. 7/10.The playstyle is like The Walking Dead Episodes, with the player following a story & making verbal choices that can effect the plot, & also effect the way characters in the story treat/view you. The action scenes are done with QTE's, & there are also some investigation scenes where you interact with the environment, looking for clues.The story was good, i enjoyed being the Big Bad Wolf & even cared (slightly) about some of the characters by the time the final chapters rolled around. It's a bit mature for 12yr olds & they probably wouldn't understand most of it anyway.To finish, i'd for sure recommend this game. If you want a good story, & a not too frantic game-play style, it's probably just short of being up with the best. A very above average game."
,Recommended,250320,13271358,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,walppurgisnacht,"Its almost perfect but suffers from a lack of Shrek, 9/10"
76561198021177668,Recommended,250320,31924839,Posted: 23 May,all,desert,Damn... that was awesome! 10/10
,Recommended,250320,34642284,Posted: 31 August,all,F4rseeR,"Neo-noir setting, with vibrant colors and modernized fables, with a narrative where the sheriff, you, The Big Bad Wolf, have to solve the kind of case that gets bigger and bigger in scope, but no matter what, you'll still have to contain it, all the while people are uncomfortable about you sniffing around, judging you for the feral things you've done in a past age. That's the foundation of ""The Wolf Among Us"". It's a prequel to the ""Fable"" comics. It's also a fine starting point into the franchise, should you go to the comics afterward. On its own, the game does its job, albeit some classic TellTale elements are felt, for better or worse.Just like any noir story, you can expect a mystery to be solved, one that starts with a murder. The protagonist, Bigby, is a heavy smoker, although in his case there's a good reason for it, he gets in a fight more than he likes, does things by his own book, has a fat friend that cares and judges him, has a fine dame to kill for and lives in a really small apartment. What's fresh in this story is the fable setting: Snow White is the mayors secretary, the sheriff is the big bad wolf, the woodsman is a redneck with nothing more than an axe, the little mermaid got real legs and is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you have a toad with a car, a pig that likes to smoke, Beauty and Beast trying to make ends meet and many other similar cases, which build up quite the charming narrative for adults mostly, some cases being adults only.Like in any TellTale game, you'll have limited time to choose your dialogue option, ""silence being a valid answer"", which all shape the personality of Bigby, ranging from reasonable and understanding towards the menace most people believe him to be. Certain key moments will shape the influence the rest of the narrative, moments which aren't fleshed out by the UI but by their obvious meaning. A ""flaw"" the game has is that like most Telltale's, the first episode is strong and the lengthiest, while the follow ups might not be so alluring, which may be due to the fact that the mystery is receding as you find your clues, and episodes length can be shortened to around 1 hour. However, the story is well told, impactful and retains its pace from the beginning, so personally I did not have much of a problem with that. I find it the kind of thing noticeable only when you add up the numbers. Certain new characters make their way in as the story progresses, so while the allure might not be so strong, players will still be engrossed and perhaps more and more dedicated to playing through it. The QTE's are the regular keep pressing the certain button and occasionally point at a direction of your choosing.Bigby's werewolf-like transformation involves three stages,triggered in certain points in the narrative, people panicking even at the first one and making it obvious why they are careful around him. That doesn't mean there won't be moment where you'll be worried for him.The visuals held up nicely and benefits from higher resolutions, making it ageless from that perspective. Colors are dominant in their scenes, especially during the night or in interiors. You'll see many shades of red, purple, blue and yellow, yet in the places that Bigby keeps coming back to, the color palette is regular like in any genre. Another thing to note is that despite their heavy accent, they don't burn your eyes, not even in the night.Whether you like fables, noir settings, point and click games or none of those, The Wolf Among Us is a game that you should pick up, full price or on sale, that's up to your wallet. It stands out with everything it is and is the memorable kind of game, that goes well with your favorite alcoholic beverage or simply with your hands on the mouse and keyboard. Fans have been making their wish for a season 2 known everyday for years and now, season 2 is coming! What are you waiting for?"
76561198041623625,Recommended,250320,9956770,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Permeithal,Boobies of Disney Characters. :D( . ) ( . ) / 10
,Recommended,250320,29021904,Posted: 4 January,all,White Shadow,"This is the first game by Telltale that I've played, and I was generally pretty impressed. First of all, the setting and characters are really well developed. It takes characters from many popular fairy tales and various fables, and it puts them in a gritty noir setting. Former princes and princesses now have to make ends meet by working crappy jobs and always being behind on their rent, whilst non-human characters are forced to blend in with the crowd by needing to apply an expensive magical potion on themselves regularly, and things of that nature.The main plot revolves around a series of murders that we have to solve whilst taking the role of Bigby Wolf (aka Big Bad Wolf), who has been appointed as the Sheriff of Fabletown, a part of NYC where fairy tale characters live. The plot is gripping, with lots of tense moments, plot twists, as well as choice and consequence.Regarding choices, after I completed the game, I went online to look up how impactful the choices are. Unfortunately most choices don't bear big consequences and for the most part only change a few lines of dialogue or alter the cutscene slightly, but there are a few big decisions peppered around in each of the 5 episodes that comprise this game. So in essence, it's more like an interactive novel with a linear story and only a few differences in the plot based on the choices. Fates of most characters will remain the same regardless of what you choose really.The action scenes usually consist of quick time events where you have to punch, dodge, or perform some sort of quick action. If you really despise QTEs, the game might not be for you, although most QTEs aren't so bad and can be quite forgiving. I missed a few QTE prompts during cutscenes and still managed not to get any game overs.The game has an excellent presentation. Beautiful art style, lovely voice acting, nice music, and well-crafted cutscenes and dialogue. Overall, highly enjoyable. I'd recommend it."
76561198107071933,Recommended,250320,11173335,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Papersharps,"What is there to say about The Wolf Among Us? Should I say it's enchanting? Is it magical? Is it mysterious? To all those questions I would say: yes, it is. But it's so much more than that.Once Upon a TimeThe Wolf Among Us tells the story of Bigby Wolf, once the big bad wolf from fables long lost in history and now the Sheriff of Fabletown, a group of (dis)enfranchised fables from all sorts of folklores and fairy tales (like up to Norse mythology and horror stories). The stories that go across Fabletown are not of the 'happily ever after' form, though. Many fables are either in debt, or crossed the wrong shady figures. The ones that do well are either blind and ignorant for the lower fables' troubles, or have their own separate shady agendas.There Lived a WolfIn this small community hidden in New York by a magical barrier and the use of 'glamours' (magic used to change one's identity into someone else in terms of appearance), Bigby must solve a crime that will soon make his mind churn like never before. You will have to make decisions that leave you unsettled or thinking for a long time. You might make choices you come to regret later.All in Telltale's fashion of their amazing episodic stories of course.Who Ruled The LandFrom slapping people, to doing a bit more than slapping, or choosing to intimidate people by wrecking in general or to make them see reason by being reasonable, everything will have an effect in the end.Will you be a bad wolf and strike fear into the heart of Fabletown? Or will you come to terms with your past and become the protector of Fabletown, being loved by the community?The choice is yours, so make it count.Want to have a general impression in terms of actual gameplay of The Wolf Among Us before you buy it? Or do you want to watch a full playthrough of the game to see different choices, outcomes and reactions to them?Check out a full playlist I did with my partner Wessel on our YouTube channel for Otter & Weasel:http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLezRH4vOzOnj-Di3LHjbevoba04A_ea2J"
,Recommended,250320,14091335,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Supermarine,"Masterfully written and masterfully drawn,The Wolf Among Ussurprises with an unique personality and original setting, combined with the developer's already well-known dramatic storytelling.I bought this game more than a year ago and shelved it. The premise sounded interesting, but not enough to play immediately. Now that the first (and probably only) season is over, I decided to try it and discovered a very polished experience, more personal and gritty thanThe Walking Dead, and also more engaging.Art direction is simply astounding. The graphics are superb, quality-wise. Even if you don't like cel shading you have to admit the devs did a very good job, and the comic book-like drawings set the atmosphere delightfully. Sounds and music are also top-notch. The lip-sync is perfect and the voice acting professionally convincing.Gameplay-wise, the experience is immersing and compelling. I did not encounter a single glitch, lag or bug. The controls are simple and work fine, even though I would prefer to use E instead of Q for the action sequence QTEs. Divided by episodes and chapters, it can adapt to long play sessions as well as 15-minute rounds.Where this game really shines is, of course, the story. Drawing inspiration, direction and lore from the original books, there's much more to be seen that can be noticed at first sight. This provides a wholesome world with fleshed-out, mature characters and an interesting background, connecting seamlessly to the parent storyline. Be not mistaken, this drama is not for children. Also, be prepared for a shocking shift in the way you'll forever look at your classic fairytale characters. Many of them are here, and there's no ""happily ever after"". Illegal drugs and magic, prostitution, exploitation, murder and a very important dose of gore and violence populate this game/visual novel/point-and-click RPG-ish adventure. If you're into dark fantasy, rough drama and noir mystery-solving detective stories, this might be right up your alley.Tell Tale Gamesat it's finest, and another very nice gaming experience. This game was met with universal acclaim and there's a reason for that.Highly Recommended."
76561197971159263,Recommended,250320,29846524,Posted: 11 February,all,Flick E. Ring,Really good telltale game! Sadly telltale wants to make more money by doing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ minecraft and game of thrones games insted of making new content to this one. Especially when there is clearly more story to this game to be seen. You know what i mean if you have played this game.9/10Played it long time ago and still remember it like it was yesterday.
,Recommended,250320,16743282,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AngryWolf,"PrefaceSo, you fancy playing a game with:a good story?likable characters?possibilities to play the hero your way?the feeling of gambling a bit and solving easy riddles?Then keep reading.StoryI've only finished episode 3 yet (out of 5; lucky for you, I can't spoil the end :)), but I didn't have to go this far to say, the game got me hooked in from the beginning. And no, not because I pretend to be a wolf myself too. And you may say it would be boring to play the detective when we see enough of that on TV. But eventually you want to know everything about the bad guys that hurt you, and you have the company of nice female characters who help you with your investigation and whom you can befriend. Gotta say, the latter kept me liking the game even more. :)The story combines the world of fables with the all the good and bad things of the real world in an interesting way, I'm really I'm impressed, especially after finding out I could be the Big Bad Wolf, and I would meet Snow White, Beauty, Little Mermaid, The Woodsman, and other interesting characters.Character developmentYes, you can influence the game a lot, how you treat others and how they'll treat you, your actions will have an effect over the continuation of the story. Obviously, that system cannot be perfect, otherwise the number of possible outcomes would lead to a combinatorical explosion. But luckily they put in just enough choices and consquences that will keep the game interesting.Because you usually have 4 choices to pick from, the game feels like the quiz show ""Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?"" but without the aids and I think you'll lose more money than you started with. :) Nevertheless, I like that sometimes I  have to think about what to do next.GraphicsThe worst part of the game to be honest, but it would be very bad to judge a game just by its graphics. After all, in the end what matters is if you enjoyed it or not. And at least, less powerful computers can cope with the game. To describe it in short, the foreground objects and people have detailed graphics, while the backgrounds are mostly dull and boring. This cartoonish appearance is still good enough for my taste, although I can understand some people just won't like it no matter what you say to them.MusicI'm not a guy who puts much effort in paying attention to details, but I think the music of the game is fine. It's not bad, but not super good either. I play the game for the story, and all the music has to do is accompany it by blending in well to the game. And there I saw no error.Game ControlsThe game can be paused by pressing Space anytime, which is a lot of help coz you aren't given much time to decide on your next action. Which is bad because very often I have this problem that I haven't finished hearing the conversation (or reading it for that matter), and I already have to click. And if I don't the game usually picks silence (not responding anything), which is often not what I want. And if you screw up, at least you can restart from the last checkpoint. That doesn't help much though if you are forced to listen over the same conversation in full length. You can't just quickly skip sentences like in ME3. Too bad, but I can live with it. A few times I picked up more information that way, which felt rewarding.SummaryIf you feel like a wolf, and you want to play a casual game, that you can pause any time you want, that you can stop anytime you want (it is preferred to wait for checkpoints though), you just want to be part of a story, relive the fables to some extent, and you just want some adventure with some action in it, without too many and too hard puzzles to solve, then you will enjoy this one. Sure, the artwork could have been better, but the game is cheap enough to counter that disadvantage.I enjoyed the game a lot and I will finish it. I might even replay it to act differently and see what happens."
,Recommended,250320,7411130,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,CarbonCarl,"This is a point and click type game, graphics are in the same style as borderlands which is really good, its slow paced but a good and different game, worth buying, but beware that you can only play the first episode, you need to wait for the others to unlock as and whenever they decide to unlock them.Overall a really good game, not too long but slow paced, a good one to add to your collection."
,Recommended,250320,17414360,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,[T_ER] Everett The White Spider,"Mirror, mirror,I seriously played The Wolf Among Us,Now I'm waitin the Second Season from TellTale staff,But If this game won't be out now, we won't have a deal,And I'll kick their asses if those lips will still have a seal."
,Recommended,250320,32910826,Posted: 27 June,all,Noctis,Hmm well i think it must be my favourite game of the company with plot twists and nice story and after that it has action on it so ye 10/10
76561198053286557,Recommended,250320,26210865,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Axxxel,"What an engaging story! I hadn't had a clue about the comic books, so this game had something so original to narrate. Amazing voice acting, plot twists and ethical issues. The gaming industry of the latest years that is based on recycling certainly needs more fresh ideas like this one."
,Recommended,250320,11931538,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Sysgen,"No in depth review needed.  All you need to know is that if you liked how The Walking Dead was presented you're going to love this and second, you don't want to know of the subject matter of The Wolf Among Us nor read any written account concerning the game lest you spoil even the basic premise.I will add that after my first QTE with this game, I broke out the Logitech Gaming Software application for my G500s mouse and created a profile by binding one of the mouse buttons to a macro that made the QTEs where Telltale has you mash the Q button inconsequential.  +1 for PC Gaming.<macro repeatdelay=""1"" guid=""{F233EE99-7288-446D-9071-04C112CCB3F9}"" hidden=""false"" name=""Q"" repeatmode=""pressed""><multikeyxmlns=""http://www.logitech.com/Cassandra/2010.1/Macros/MultiKey""><key direction=""down"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""91""/><key direction=""up"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""50""/><key direction=""down"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""91""/><key direction=""up"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""46""/><key direction=""down"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""95""/><key direction=""up"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""41""/><key direction=""down"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""99""/><key direction=""up"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""25""/><key direction=""down"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""100""/><key direction=""up"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""33""/><key direction=""down"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""100""/><key direction=""up"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""20""/><key direction=""down"" value=""Q""/><delay milliseconds=""99""/><key direction=""up"" value=""Q""/></multikey></macro>"
,Recommended,250320,24698128,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MellyMeliza,WHERE IS MY SEASON 2 YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S?!?!?
76561198030788488,Recommended,250320,23123438,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cracktus Jack,"The Wolf Among Usis a decision-based story-driven adventure. With fairytale characters secretly living in the normal world ever since they exiled from the world of fables centuries ago, sheriff Bigby Wolf comes across a murder case which has him investigating a conspiracy against all the inhabitants of Fabletown.Pros: This film-noir detective story has truly excellent writing, as you're constantly faced with a variety of decisions that shape the story arc in a unique way, while your relation with each character you come across evolves. Nothing is black and white, and whatever choice you make from multiple options will have unforeseen consequences, for better or for worst. Character reactions and expressions are deeply realistic, and you'll want to revisit the game multiple times to find different outcomes, constantly finding a new surprise around the next corner as the plot unfolds. Graphically, the cell-shading perfectly captures the impression of a live graphic novel, an art style that couldn't possibly better represent the atmosphere.Cons: The story remains linear, and although you have multiple branching paths, you remain limited to going where the plot will take you next. There is a bit of staggering in some of the animations, as well as occasional awkward silence in between dialogs. Furthermore, every choices are timed, and while that may add to the realism of an action sequence or conversation, you're often left with very little time to consider what your options are and what may come out of these. Some of the options are a bit misleading, as it isn't always clear what the tone of a dialog choice is beyond the words they express (example: Will choosing ""Calm down"" mean you'll whisper it reassuringly or yell it at the person you're interacting with?). Gameplay is limited to quicktime events and clicking on things. There is a well-known bug you're likely to experience at least once, where a scene starts offering repetitive ""This choice is blank"" dialog choices that can only be resolved by re-doing the previous scene hoping it doesn't bug again.Verdict: ★★★★★ - Play this. Now.I got extremely involved with the story, the first episode was enough to get me hooked.Telltaletruly has refined the ""decision matter"" storytelling to near perfection, all delivered with excellent voice acting. While I'm cooling off from my first experience, I can't wait to play it again and try things differently. I am already recommendingThe Wolf Among Usto everyone I personally know, and am doing the same to anyone who will read this.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,250320,10349599,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Joe,It's like The Wire meets Snow White.
76561198351693376,Recommended,250320,29493485,Posted: 25 January,all,TatieKay,Pros:- Awesome alternate take on fairy tales- Great characters- Great art style- Fantastic storylineCons:- WHERE IS SEASON 2?????
76561198066119429,Recommended,250320,15878038,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Flamebrain920,"Oh man, oh man, what to say... well, as an avid fan of the comics I can honestly admit the game was much better. Character interactions and overall writing were superb. Plus, the noir art style definitely fit the theme of the game. The choices you make basically converge all to a predetermined place, but character reactions to your choices fit the bill quite nicely. Gameplay is what you'd expect from a Telltale game, so not many complaints there. All I can say negative about it is the fact sometime there are a few visual glitches that can detract from the overall gaming experience, although if you save and quit those usually disappear. If you want your reply value out of a game, this is definitely one even if you don't want all the achievements. Check it out and I'm sure you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250320,12822187,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Someone Else,"You play as a gentleman. He barely gets angry during the game. He is against violence with all his heart. One might call him the most patient person in Fabletown. Everyone in the town loves him and his gentle behaviour. He also loves animals. I mean he keeps an orphan piggy in his apartment.. You can be gentle, but you'll never be as gentle as Bigby."
76561198089052394,Recommended,250320,23156390,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"The Wolf Among Us			* 8/10After years I've bought it on heavy sale I finally decided to play The Wolf Among Us, and I have to say I didn't really expect to be so caught and finish it in barely a day and a half!Set in the Fables Comic universe this adventure follows Bigby Wolf, the sheriff of Fabletown (a portion of Manhattan in 1986) investigating a murder, a case that will lead to a bigger and more radical case that will change and reveal Fabletown's undergrounds.Enough with the synopsis because the story is everything in this game. Literally. In fact the gameplay is mostly made of Quick Time Events and Dialogues, and both are very important because everything you do or say will lead to consequences, and this is essentially the core of the game as you will really see sooner or later what your actions or words lead to. The lack of actual gameplay is really overshadowed by what the story tells you as it will literally keep you glued on your chair trying to solve the situation and get some answers. But the game will keep you where you are as it will reveal more and more, even though you're practically not doing much in terms of gameplay. The fact that your decisions influence how the story evolves, potentially gives great replayability to the game as you can take different choices in more new runs just to see how relationships or events change, even though the basic plot remains the same. Not to mention the fact that once you reach the end you can still re-play the game to better understand other situations or dialogues or references.The game has an episodic structure, which seriously helps to shock and impact more the player with story revelations or cliffhangers and I find this kind of structure essential for this purpose as I believe it wouldn't work in a different classic way.So, yes. It's all about the story, but how couldn't I mention the art of the game? Starting with the soundtrack, it's made of thin but effective background music and amazing opening and close credits themes everything with an 80s mood. Visually the game has a great art, starting always from the artistic opening titles in each episode, and the game itself with a Comic look mostly due to the cel shading effect, but also colours, a great characters design and detailed ambiences that gives the game an impressive and coherent visual impact. I really have appreciated the voice acting as well, great voices, performances and accents.+++PROs+++STORY & STORYTELLING.Yes, this game's core is the story itself which I can't spoil, amazing and surprising, not to mention heavily influenced by all your choices made during your run. Not to mention the way the story is being told, with all characters, dialogues, and situations shown with precise camera settings and so on. Everything supported and enforced by an episodic structure, which helps giving more focus on the story than the gameplay.---CONs---GAMEPLAY.Gameplay is really simple and basic, there are no actual riddles, and even though you can move and click to make few actions it mostly reduces to Quick Time Events and dialogue choices. I actually didn't mind about it too much as the story is the real core of the game, but I could have used some more action, be it moving and fighting or be it clicking for riddlesBUGS.I've read of lots of people having crash or freezes, but none of those ever happened, and I'm playing on a Win 10 x64 laptop, one of the worst compatibility situation. I can't really confirm any of those. What I can do is tell of the HUGE glitch I've witnessed (as many others, you can read about it in the steam discussion, watch out for spoilers) at the very very last chapter of the final Episode (5), where consecutive dialogue boxes keep saying ""This choice is blank!"", and then you pass from a previous ambience to another without being able to do anything with incomplete and floating part of characters models. And this is a very common glitch, which was never fixed, and it's quite ridiculous. Luckily for me loading the checkpoint again was enough to play the correct final chapter without any glitch."
,Recommended,250320,19990601,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,N Quarter,"The Wolf Among Us was an interesting story, and is based from the Comics called ""Fables"" who are well known Fairytale Characters living amongst the Real World in New York City.You play as the Big Bad Wolf, the Sheriff of Fabletown with major anger issues, and the thing I loved the most about this Game, is the extent that you can choose to unlease your rage, or you could just play the ""somewhat"" niceguy.The Gameplay focuses on Detective work, trying to get to the bottom of some Murders which happened in quiet Fabletown. It doesn't really offer a challenge to solve the cases, but rather about sitting back and enjoying the ride, choosing Dialogues that suit your style.The Voice acting was well done, and the Animations fit in well. The Characters were well made, and even though I had the Music turned down to 3, it was still loud enough to really enjoy.If a sequel were to pop up oneday, it would be a definite buy for me.Genre- EpisodicGame Elements- Player Choice- Quick Time EventsAverage Playthrough- 8 HoursLiked- Interesting Story- Well known and loved Characters- Great Voice Acting- Good Music- The ability to be a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... or notDisliked- Repeatedly pressing a single button in Quick Time Events"
,Recommended,250320,11399758,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Aussiedroid,"The Wolf Among Us (WAU) is another quality interactive adventure game from Telltale based on the Fables comics; taking you through a dark & bloody murder mystery full of action, violence, twists & turns. Characters are based off of fairy tales, but each has its own unique 'humanised' personality complementing their fantasy persona. This adds depth to each character, allows for some creative (and sometimes unexpected) scenes that also has the benefit of adding greater weight to your decisions. The consequences of your decisions remains an important feaure of WAU & you will also find at several points you can only choose one location (out of several) to explore, each giving you a different clue or story arc to experience each time. It was also really interesting to see where the journey would take you, as you try to solve the mystery progressing through the episodes; Well written story!I can certainly say that after playing WAU, you will never look at your childhood fairy tale characters the same again! :)Quality of the animations, voice acting, art direction (including the colour palette choices) & camera work really come together to create a unique experience that immerses you into the gritty & violent world that's been created. I was somewhat hesitant to get this one after Walking Dead S1 (even though WD would have to be my GoTY for 2012), as I wasn't sure if Telltale could pull off another classic, or perhaps more to the point, ifreallythe main reason I liked WD was simply the genre & being a fan of the TV Show. Turns out I was wrong! I could even argue WAU is a better game overall, only really lacking to a degree on the emotional impact that made WD a game I still remember so vividly to this day.The story is more complex than found in WD, littered with clues along the way & subtilties in much of the dialog. This did make it more difficult to follow when having to wait a couple months between episodes, but now with full release it would not be an issue.Although the voice acting is excellent, I did think that some of the dialog was lacking. Some scenes just seemed to boil down to a heated swearing-fest exchange of'effin this and effin that'! Not that I am offended by such things, but gets a little repetative & some better work could have been done to use such words more for emphasis, than all over the place. Most of the dialog was good, mind you, but parts seemed a little average. Perhaps the comics are also like that, I don't effin know! :)Certainly not a story to share with your kids; it is disturbing at times, often sinister, with some very dislikable (yet utterly memorable) personalities. That includes (at times) the infamous Bigby 'Big Bad Wolf' Wolf, who you play as!Now with a few of these interactive adventures under their belt, Telltale have proven they can replicate the experience & even improve on the core design! Great story telling, great experience & overall another quality production that is hard to fault.If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,250320,12422169,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Azimuth,"The Wolf Among Us is an interactive story based on the eponymous comics. In a world where fables walk among us, you play the role of Bigby, the Big Bad Wolf, sheriff of Fabletown. The story begins with you investigating a disturbance involving your arch-nemesis Woody where you end up rescuing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from beating. After which, you try to slay that ♥♥♥♥♥ yourself, but before you can seal the deal you find her head laid at your doorstep. The story twists and turns as you follow your investigation to find out who is♥♥♥♥♥♥blocking you at every turn by murdering each and every lady you hit on. You will need to unravel the mystery before Fabletown unravels. ""He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster... when you gaze long into the abyss the abyss also gazes into you..."" -- Friedrich Nietzsche.The gameplay is the fairly standard affair for a Telltale game, with plenty of dialogue and differing moral options set on a timer along with a few quicktime events and point and click adventure mechanics mixed in. If you enjoy this style of storytelling then you will enjoy this game."
76561198043383281,Recommended,250320,27324287,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chef,-No Season 210/10
,Recommended,250320,9767095,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,KillerDSC,"Telltale Games have done it once again! The Wolf Among Us is a very refreshing and invigorating experience. An experience that is not only masterfully told, but felt as well. Throughout each episode, I find myself completly immersed in this enticing and wonderful experience from start to finish, and I can only say one thing.... That I want more, and I rarely say that about games. With each episode that comes to pass, I find myself wondering what will happen in the next episode? What will become of Bigby and Snow, and so many more questions. It is because of Telltale's unique way of weaving out the story of their games that make me love this wonderful gem of the game. The only thing that saddens me is how long the episodes take to be released;however, I understand it because of the wonderful Walking Dead Seasons! Plus the always riveting Q and E segments mixed up with the W, A, D, and S key segments too! In all honesty, I would recommend this game to anyone in a heartbeat with they are looking for an incredible journey that they soon won't forget!"
,Recommended,250320,11823448,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,cry baby,follow gruff werewolf man on adventures and smoke a lot of cigarettes. very nice
,Recommended,250320,23321619,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Paul Giamatti Dressed As A Mango,"Score: 5/5Pros:Great storyGreat soundtrackAdequate gameplay (for a Telltale Game)Awesome characters (I actually cared about how these characters interacted with Bigby (I ship Snow & Bigby in this btw)Actually canon within the Fables universe (and has aroused my curiosity for the source material, which is great because it's a prequel to the series it's adapted from)I\'ve always been a sucker for Dark FantasyCons:Like most Telltale games, the choices made don't really feel that important, usually there are only mentions about them by (mostly) secondary characters (though since this is my 5th Telltale game played I find that this is rather normal so this does not effect me much).Weird glitches, characters and objects would be in the wrong place but correct themselves after a bit. Really noticeable though when it occurs.I was really torn between giving this series a 4/5 or a 5/5 because of the fact that TTG keeps making story-driven games like this that claim your choices have a big impact on the future story but don't. This, I believe, has been a problem ever since the first season of their Walking Dead series. However, do not make this be the one thing that deters you from giving this game a shot. I enjoyed the hell out of this game despite the flaws its, I guess, advertising. This never deterred me from re-playing TWD Season 1 and, hell, I plan on re-playing WAU since I did take a break from this game to achievement-hunt Rocket League after playing Episode 1 during the Lunar New Year Sale and not coming back to it until very late May (5/31). The level of enjoyment I got from this game and its story, and my desire to continue to dive into the world of Fables is the sole reason I gave it a score of 5 on my scale.My recommendation: BUY IT. This game is definitely worth the money and the time you\'d be putting into at least one playthrough. Though, if you\'re like me, you\'d want to replay it for more of the greatness of Bigby Wolf and his Fabletown \""pals\""."
,Recommended,250320,24653622,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hapax,"Having read quite a few of the comics back in the day, this adaptation of the Fables series is not only faithful to its spirit, but also manages to be an original work in its own right. As a Telltale game, it is polished, layered, well-structured. It was released the year after The Walking Dead: Season One, and before the latest rabid churning-out of adaptations (Tales from the Borderlands, Game of Thrones, Minecraft, Batman), which, judging from reviews, seem to detract from the studio's former glory and fall into predictable formula recycling. The Wolf Among Us differs from The Walking Dead, however, in that it doesn't give you as many predictable dilemmas (oh-whom-to-save), but dwells in the greyer areas: to-kill-or-not-to-kill, why-should-I-do-this, etc.Bigby Wolf is an intriguing central character in the comics, and the decision to make him the protagonist here was wise and well-considered. The voice acting is decent and sparing. The plot moves beyond the whodunnit and veers off into ethical, philosophical conundra. The main antagonist is a delightful, nuanced villain, but the henchmen are also fascinating, especially Bloody Mary. The decision to bring up these new characters from folk songs and urban legends instead of fairy tales was rather brilliant.In their origins, fairy tales were extremely dark and bizarre, having subsequently been bowdlerised by folklorists such as the Grimm brothers and Charles Perrault. The Fables series does tap into the darker sources of fairy tales, but at heart remains a comedic adventure. The Wolf Among Us, instead, taps deeply into the dark, twisted sources of fairy and folk tales, making it a much grittier, more engrossing and more subversive take on this universe. Now let us have Season Two, Telltale."
76561198018847741,Recommended,250320,20990033,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Brasidas,"This was my first Telltale game, and first adventure game in quite a while. It seems like many games are episodic these days, so I'm glad that I got this when all 5 chapters were completed. I have to say that I did enjoy it. I really liked the work they did on integrating fairy tale characters (fables) into our world (mundies). The idea of ""glamours"" too was interesting. Gameplay was good, with a nice pace to follow the storyline. I really liked the graphics, even though (or in spite of) they were 2D (reminds me of the good old days).There were some bugs though. Choices I made in one chapter sometimes were screwed up in the next -- the game didn't save properly perhaps. This happened two or three times. Then in the final chapter, the screen had ""blank choices"" which i couldn't select, and the scene kept looping. I had to exit to the main menu 3 times before it finally loaded properly on the 4th. If i exited the game entirely, I'd probably have to go through Chapter 5 from scratch. The game doesn't let you save on the fly, but only autosaves at key points.Despite this, I enjoyed playing the wolf among us, and recommend it! But I'm only rating it 6.5 because of the bugs.6.5/10.0"
,Recommended,250320,30152168,Posted: 24 February,all,IvanLeTerrible,"Amazing dark cartoonish storytelling game!StoryThe Wolf Among Us is a kind of a mix between an interactive story and a videogame. The whole story is somehow difficult to explain, but its set up in a fictional New York where the character from the Brothers Grimm fairy tails have migrated seeking refuge. The main protagonist is Bigby Wolf, who once was the Big Bad Wolf from the fairytails, but now he tries to be the good guy working as a sheriff in this town. Things start to get scarier as some members of the community start to get murdered for unknown reasons and this threat might even reach Bigbys close ones, such as his collegue and love interest Snow White.Game playThe gameplay is divided in three main sections: exploration; where you investigate places looking for clues; dialogues, where you choose from usualy four options to set the pace of the conversation; and quick time events, which take place in most action scenes. Now, I really dont like quick times events, but there is usually only one or two action scenes per chapter, so it didn't spoil my experience.VeredictOverall, I really enjoyed this game, it was really great and deep, made me feel chills over my spine quite a few times, the story is rich but easy to catch and the character Bigby is very well build, with his contraditions of being the Big Bad Wolf turned into a law agent. I strongly recommend this game. Just wish it would be longer...I give it 5.0/5.0"
76561198023465588,Recommended,250320,31602581,Posted: 7 May,all,blaazej,"Absolutely brilliant. I'm in love with each aspect of the game. Characters, atmosphere, great story, music, aww everything. Telltale is amazing in creating such games and I hope there will be sequel ;)"
,Recommended,250320,29232533,Posted: 13 January,all,UwU,I get to play as a big bad wolf that♥♥♥♥♥♥on people ✔10/10 Great buy!
,Recommended,250320,12741961,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Deisophia,"Telltale Games have managed to produce another cleverly crafted game adaptation from a comic book franchise. Running on from their success withThe Walking Dead Season 1,The Wolf Among Usus based upon Vertigo's Fables comic book series wherein Fairy Tale characters live amongst the normal ""mundane"" people of New York City in a small gated community. Like the comic books, The Wolf Among Us, attempts to recreate the historical 'Grimm' aspect of such tales, and intentionally un-Disneyfy them. At the same time as it does this The Wolf Among Us re-establishes the relevancy of Fairy Tales in the modern era much like the comic book series managed to do, creating cautionary tales instead of feel-good stories.Although the game stays true to the ethos of the comic books, it suffers slightly from the theme of detective noir it initially represented itself to be. The game combines elements of point and click exploration with QTE's and dialogue choice. It's a mixture that should lend itself well to an investigative game, but the lack of environment interaction leads to it not really feeling like an investigative piece (It's less CSI and more  Criminal Minds), instead the investigation occurs through half-truths lies, intimidation and coercion that Bigsby employs to garner information from residents of Fabletown. This creates a quandary as very little information is ever given to the player, leaving you feeling fairly lost in the investigative process, and being pointed in directions by other characters, who may or may not be telling the truth. It's a great technique for creating an aura of suspense and mystery but fell a bit flat when episodes are released two months apart which negated the suspense. (In other words I recommend a play-through now when all episodes are available).  It also negated the creation of plot-based assumptions by the player which it could then overturn at a later phase, i.e. no ability to create a plot twist but this proved to be unnecessary anyway as information was still being revealed right up until the end of the game.The game does an excellent job at overturning character stereotypes based on traditional fairy tale roles, instead encouraging us to understand the characters portrayed and not to judge based purely upon existing prejudices. The morality choice is again present as inThe Walking Deadand can be a way to encourage aforementioned stereotyping intially only later overturning the player's prejudices through further interactions. It is this ability to challenge existing concepts and ways of interaction that makes this game a ""mature"" game, regardless of adult-themed content. The characters themselves are intelligently re-imagined, causing reflection on our own previous assumptions, and interpretations of the old rhymes and stories, an aspect that has been carried over from the comic books. In fact the reinterpretation of these characters is what gives this game a meta-cognitive feel, as it carries its theme of appearance vs reality.WhereThe Wolf Among Usdoes shine above and beyond its sister game is in the QTE's and combat sequences. They are far more immersive, and one feels a great deal more in control of the situations, even when initially surprised by the beginning of the event. It also serves to characterize exactly why Bigsby is a character to be feared, in short the game puts some bite into Bigsby's bark.It's a brilliant game that manages to serve up an intriguing story whilst simultaneously re-inventing player perceptions of classic characters. I highly recommend it!Edited: Spelling, italics and clarity"
76561198262080096,Recommended,250320,23048224,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ElLirogono,"This is definitely my kind of game. A true discovery.I don't think I've ever had such level of relaxation as while playing episode 1. It's really more like watching an interactive movie.Many, many great ideas, superb character creation, suprisingly professional voice acting and outstanding writing (for a computer game) makes this one of my favourites. I will definitely play this again soon.As for the choices... well they don't really influence the plot, which may be good. You do not have to constantly worry to push the game forward knowing you will lose nothing if you choose 'wrong'. This way, you can concentrate on choosing who you want to be. The choices you make are about struggling to become more human, to control animal instincts or just being Big Bad Wolf all the time. You write another, your own, story with the options you choose. And it is not artificial. It's something you actually feel.This is my first Telltale game and I am extremely excited to see the rest."
,Recommended,250320,19347760,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,✪Hollow2k,"Deep and amazing story game, can't wait to play other Telltale games.9.0/10"
,Recommended,250320,9879776,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,AKatarzynaK,"In The Wolf Among Us you play as Bigby Wolf, a sheriff operating in a world inhabited by characters from fariy tales. Although this may at first sound childish (assuming you’re not a fan of the comics on which it is based), the game is actually very dark and violent as it paints these well-known characters in a very different light.Best described as an interactive story, you point and click your way through various scenes as you attempt to unfold the mystery at hand. You will often be forced to choose from various dialogue options, allowing you to paint yourself in whatever light you desire and eliciting different reactions from the NPCs.The storyline is absolutely captivating and really keeps you guessing, its never boring or predictable. Each chapter is fantastic, full of intrigue and mystery, and I had a very difficult time staying patient in between releases.The final episode is extremely satisfying while also leaving you craving more. I absolutely cannot wait for the next season, will be an instant buy for me.This is the game that made me fall in love with Telltale's ability to captivate with their wonderful storytelling, and caused me to go from someone who was very skeptical of this genre of game to being a huge fan."
,Recommended,250320,13684110,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Pat's Cat,"The Wolf Among Us is the third game using Telltale's new adventure game ""formula"" that worked so well with The Walking Dead. So, is the third time still the charme?You play as Bigby ""Big Bad"" Wolf, the sheriff of a New York district housing fable creatures exiled from their realm. Anyone even vaguely familiar with DCs Vertigo imprint (which publishes the Fables series this game is based upon) will feel at home, right down to the font of the subtitles. The basic theme is essential Vertigo, in that myths clash with gritty realism and vice versa. Although in this case, the normal world doesn't intrude much upon the Fables cosmos.To disguise themselves from the humans, the fable creatures use a glamour spell. The deceptive nature of these glamours fits well with the unfolding detective story; unfortunately, the gameplay does not so much. Even more so than in TWD, it is about multiple-choice dialogues and the occasional QTE-driven action scene.There are absolutely no puzzles or riddles whatsoever to be found in this point & click adventure game about a detective trying to solve a murder mystery.So, if this sentence sounds wrong to you, you may have a problem with fully enjoying this game. For me it took away much of the tension: I didn't care much about missing clues, since there really weren't any to be missed; I didn't care too much about my decisions either, since I felt more like a spectator than the driving force.Yet TWAO is far from being a bad game. It is well written, with a mature and intelligent story, interesting characters, great looking visuals, good voice acting and musical score. It's just missing that certain edge. It's got character and charme, but also lots of glamour."
,Recommended,250320,13516634,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Aurumlamina,"Telltale has done it again!  The Wolf Among Us is an absolutely fantastic story-based adventure game in the same vein (mechanically speaking) as The Walking Dead.  Your choices alter the incredibly in-depth story and offer a variety of ways to play the main character, Bigby Wolf, all of which lead to consequences which often have a ripple effect throughout the entire narrative.The game takes place in Manhattan in a secret community composed of the many 'fables' that we've grown up knowing since we were children.  The Three Pigs, Snow White, The Little Mermaid, and other all make appearances throughout the game and you get to see a grittier side to them than we're used to.All in all, the game was an incredibly well-written and kept my interest from the moment that I turned it on.  I spent a large portion of two consecutive days playing the game and that was only because of the fact that by mustering all of my willpower I was able to quit the game and save it for later.  I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,250320,29404687,Posted: 21 January,all,Stefanonimo,"""Woody, I'm gonna break your ♥♥♥♥ing face."""
,Recommended,250320,19222310,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Ｃｒｅａｓｙ,"Pros:Strong narrative and intriguing story keeps you curious and hooked from start to the end.You freely characterize ""Bigby"" a.k.a. ""Big Bad Wolf"" into a good and caring detective or a savage and cruel wolf.Dark, gloomy atmosphere and true detective-noir tale.Nearly all decisions are significant and have impact on game.Gorgeus art style and music.Familiar characters from classic fables such as The Big Bad Wolf, Woodsman,  Snow White, Bloody Mary, Beauty and Beast.Best and favorite Telltale game for me.Cons:It lasts only ten hours.The wait for second season.A+"
,Recommended,250320,18673508,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Butcher of Blaviken,"A Telltale narrative game, so you know what to expect. Admittedly, not an awful lot of gameplay here per se. But one thing's for sure, this experience is going to blow your mind, more so if you are a fan of movies & TV-shows. Great Action Sequences and Story."
76561198131254934,Not Recommended,250320,11146212,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,PolarisInParis,"If the Walking Dead showed us anything, it's that Telltale knows how to invest players in a story: create deep and complex characters the player cares about, throw them into one Sophie's Choice after another, and ask the player to make the call. Whether it be through hard thought, reckless impulse, social pressure, or just a glance at the timer ticking down, each decision made is yours alone, no matter how proud or ashamed you make yourself. Gameplay-wise, you're simply putting 1's and 0's into value operators. Reality-wise, you're creating a story and a world.The Wolf Among Us doesn't buck that trend. Hard choices abound, and, somehow, the people you meet express lives more dark and depressing then we saw from a zombie apocalypse. Trying to raise a child, not having enough to pay the rent, being bullied: the strange and extraordinary residents of Fabletown are suffering from very human problems.  It's not hard to sympathize with most Fables we meet, and we want to see their stories to the end.That, however, is the game's biggest problem: if you want to find out what happens next, be prepared to pick up some comics. I've never seen a game's story rise so high to fall so low, and that's saying something.This isn't to suggest some conspiracy theory about this being a twenty five dollar advertisement for the graphic novels. In hindsight, I realize you can't take an epic tale such as a comic series with over a hundred issues, stick someone in control of the series' main character, and expect your choices to reflect on someone so definitively pre-made. While playing as Bigby, you can make some pretty clear-cut demonstrations of his power as effective judge, jury, and executioner, but the game doesn't even try to make citizens react with any sort of concrete stance to your actions. This isn't because Telltale is lazy or incompetent, but simply because their hands are tied. You can't kill off a canon character, you can't even change who they do or don't like. The game's story is flawed at a conceptual level.It's a real shame that what I'll remember the most is how I feel right now, ten minutes after watching the credits roll, because, while The Wolf Among Us is a mere shadow of what it could've been, I won't totally forget just how captivated I was in the midst of it all. Make no mistake about it, this game is a labor of love. Most of the dialogue is among gaming's best, and I've seen award-winning movies with characters less human than these Fables. While the animation brings you back to Playstation 2 days, the art design is personally my favorite in any game, ever: we've seen cel-shading before, but this truly is a moving, breathing comic book you can play. All of this makes for for an incredible jumping point to a potential Game of the Year.However, in a game like this, story is everything. In the moment, you'll be interested, you'll be invested, you'll actually care. This is why it can't simply end like it does: the grand reveal, the moment everything is explained incites not shock or cries, but acknowledgements, ""Yes, that does make sense."" All your investment, all your time spent in the Fable's community, is for the moment alone. After the Walking Dead ended, I spent days thinking about my choices, what I could've done differently, what I learned about myself. After The Wolf Among Us ended, I simply felt sad for the characters I'd shared time with. Not because of what happened to them previously, but because I'll never know what happened next. I'll never pick up the comics; not out of hate, but out of disappointment. The Bigby displayed in those books and the Bigby I crafted over hours of commitment are two entirely separate characters. I want to know what happens next almost as much as I want to completely love this game, but when the curtains close and there is literally not a shred of closure to be had, I can't help but feel used. I look forward to Telltale's future projects and still have faith in them, but the brief vertical slice I had of such a vibrant and interesting world, one that held such absurd promise, has eventually left me wanting and sad.I understand how, to the uninitiated passerby, it may seem like I'm making too big a fuss over an ending that's only the small part of a larger narrative. If you don't understand where I'm coming from, picture this: you're watching a movie at a theater, but the projector breaks down fifteen minutes before the end credits. Now, imagine that you've been watching that movie for thirteen hours, and it starred your favorite actors and was made by your favorite director. And every single copy of that film is now broken at that part. But, hey, you can still read a comic version created by completely separate people, and a comic that may change the protagonist from a murderous vigilante to a gruff but fair detective.There'll be people who're okay with that, and if you're one of them, great! By all means, enjoy this intro to a larger universe you can spend hours upon hours with. Seriously. However, if you're like me, you'll want the major character and plot arcs to at least somewhat resolve within the medium you started them in, as a reward for your investment. Like me, you'll be disappointed, and I'll point you instead in the direction of The Walking Dead.However, to end on a note of positivity, I can safely say that The Wolf Among Us is my absolute favorite game I wouldn't recommend to a friend."
76561198038401792,Recommended,250320,31525031,Posted: 3 May,all,Spuddy,Best Telltale game by a long shot! Brilliant story with brilliant characters.
,Recommended,250320,11149291,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Andrew 林,"From the moment I finished Episode 1, I wanted to write a review praising this game. However I have waited until I had completed all 5 episodes before doing so because I was worried that TellTale might not be able to wrap up the story convincingly. Fortunately, they did a great job. This crime-noir fairytale has one of the best storylines I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing. If you like mystery stories and plot twists, get this game. If you liked the Walking Dead games, get this game. If you like point-and-click adventure games, get this game.You won't regret playing The Wolf Among Us.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,10752435,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Deathmall,"Excellent game, Great story, Epic decisions to be made. I didn't think the game would be so entertaining and enjoyable when I first purchased it. Looks like I was 100% wrong on my hypothesis. There really isn't much to say about this game in terms of the negative things because everything I have to say is positive so far. The characters are all interesting I mean it's about fables so yes ofc.The gameplay is decent with a awesome story to it. I hope you buy the game cause you won't regret it, there really isn't anything I have to say against it."
,Recommended,250320,30093349,Posted: 21 February,all,GuyFromSaturn,Such an awesome game.I cant wait until TellTale makes a sequel.
,Recommended,250320,35046261,Posted: 18 September,all,SghettiSquid,Handsdown the best telltale game
,Recommended,250320,11187086,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Ruka (〃ω〃),"TL;DR:Waaay better than The Walking Dead!!!-----------------------------------FULL REVIEWMiss any old fairy tales? Little Red Riding Hood, Three Little Pigs, Snow White, Beauty and the Beast, The Little Mermaid? Have you ever heard a song, Who's Afraid Of The Big Bad Wolf? Meet them again in a version you've never encoutered.Telltale Games have proven themselves once again after successful The Walking Dead with more intense story, darker atmosphere and different choices that effect the story more differently.Gameplay- Quick-time event- Point-and-click- Feel like watching a movie while playing the gameStoryDark atmosphere and detective story. Bigby, The Big Bad Wolf, who happens to turn into a sheriff of Fabletown, trying to forget his past and start a new beginning. Then there's a sudden death in Fabletown without any sign or warning. Bigby has to solve this murder case, but things get more complicated when he tries his best to do things right. While in process of finding a murderer, his dark inner self starts revealing. Can he suppress his dark side? Will he be able to win Fabletown? Now everything depends on you.CharactersEach character has distinctly different characteristics. Their behaviours impact your emotions quite heavily. You'll get angry, super angry. You'll find yourself in another mist of confusing emotion. Then you'll find yourself tied with affection. And so on... roller coaster of emotions.GraphicsWestern comic styles. Improved; more beautiful than The Walking Dead.[Glass him][Threaten him][Hit him][Kill him][Flirt with Snow White][Be nice to Snow][Protect Snow][Then again be nice to Snow]Ahh... now this is how it feels like to be a big bad wolf..."
,Recommended,250320,13992883,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[OpK] Sagittarius,"TellTale Games are (almost) always about telling us a story, and The Wolf Among Us doesn't fail at that.The feeling is unique and the story is well-written. As in pretty much all TellTale Games, the choices you make might not affect the global ending, but it does affect the way the story is told to you.Will the story be about the Big Bad Wolf's redemption, or will it be a story of violence in Fabletown? The choice is yours to take. The only ""downside"" is, maybe, the lack of gameplay; TellTale Games make an excellent job at telling us a story, and they are great point-and-click, but I would have loved some true puzzles or riddles.Another great game from TellTales, if you liked The Walking Dead or Tales from the Borderlands then you should love it too.My only recommendation to the developpers: please, try to get out of your comfort zone and add some puzzles to flesh out the games, or, at the very least, more variety to how the game plays.Rating; 8/10."
,Recommended,250320,9897390,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,『Tusk Act 4』,"I honestly wasn't expecting a whole lot, mainly because the idea behind ""Point and Click"" seemed unappealing to me at first. It went on sale, so I figured why not? Only an hour or so in and I'm already thoroughly enjoying it, and I can't wait to see what's in store for the upcoming episodes."
,Recommended,250320,8833913,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,H. Harpoon,"Telltale really did it again with this one. Its so refreshing to see them do another original IP and completely knock it out of the park. This and Walking Dead are simply some of the best adventure gaming you can experience. Voice acting is top notch, writing is excellent, the background for each of the characters is just enough to hint at their root material while still allowing them to suprise you. All around fantastic game."
,Recommended,250320,8202641,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[нмd] coяяupt,"The first episode is around two hours long, and it's fantastic. Really cool art style, well-written, top-notch voice acting -- looking forward to the rest of the episodes. Well worth the pricetag imho, but waiting until all of the episodes are released isn't a bad idea either."
,Recommended,250320,31830983,Posted: 18 May,all,SHITTY MEME OF THE MONTH,A great game apparently forgotten about by its creators. Immensely frustrating.
,Recommended,250320,14132395,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dr. JustinSane,"Again, Telltale, you never fail to amaze me.This game is simply EPIC! Interesting back story, engaging storyline and downright gorgeus artstyle. The gameplay time is not too long and not too short either. Just perfect for a good one or two-sitting playthrough. I've competed my first playthrough in about 6-7 hours, that said after thorough searches and reading everything available before moving on to the next step. Another couple of hours extra are spend to get the Fable entries that I've missed (some are missable, some just requires you to play the chapter again).I'm not gonna explain the story and all that. There's tons of review already explaining all of that. All I'm gonna say is that, please, PLEASE, don't let this gem slipped under your radar. If you're on the fence either to buy it or not, you have my guarantee that this game is worth every cent. Buy it, play it, LOVE IT.Personally, I give The Wolf Among Us a big bad 10/10.* Discretion is our guarantee *"
,Recommended,250320,20259334,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BYEBYE Farmskins.com,Perfect Game.i want to say more but these lips are sealed and my eyes are wet.
,Recommended,250320,20675370,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Vegas,"Completed in 8 hours , I can honestly say it is a masterpiece. I never thought I'd like point&click QTE games. I will now buy the whole Telltale collection.5 episodes full of decisions and plot twists it will have you howling at the moon.It's like watching a 9.0 imdb movie , but YOU get to decide how the plot continues.P.S I fell in love with Snow at the beggining , but turns out she is like my girlfriend. Controlling , ♥♥♥♥♥y & her face making a condocending look whenever I do something she isn't ok with."
,Recommended,250320,28940831,Posted: 2 January,all,RIS00,Amazing game ! Hope for second season ...MASTERPIECE!10/10
,Recommended,250320,11381117,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ADK,"Great game , just like the walking dead but I think it is far better because of the new world the story held into .fairy tale charterers it one element I liked in the game.Story was great couldn't see the ending coming .highly recommended if you liked the walking dead."
,Recommended,250320,16826556,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Malcolm,"Simply Amazing!Short Summary of the Story:You are Bigby Wolf, sheriff of Fabletown. Fabletown is a city filled with fables ""disguised"" as humans. A murder was committed and you have to solve it. A lot of other fables try to stop you or help you and you have to get to the bottom of this murder.Opinion:For me this game is just amazing. Its story is very interesting and gets you really curious of what's going to happen next. The graphics are stunning, the story is astounding and the voice acting is well done. I really like the action scenes of this Telltale series because it's frequent and you have to make certain choices, of taking a life of someone or not sometimes. The transformations of fables without glamours was very interesting and all the characters have a very well written past in the story.Short list of Pros and Cons:Pros:- Amazing Story- Great voice acting- Stunning Graphicshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=473036841Cons:- ???Overall, this game is amazing and a must buy for telltale fans and other people who like games which are Episodic and Choice-Based. 10/10"
76561198074749075,Recommended,250320,13656361,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Arherumor,"I think this game is now my favorite game :DThe Story is AMAZING...the way that our choices shapes the story and the character is great tooThe Soundtrack is very nice!!No matter what it costs, it's WORTH IT ok??Anyway I really loved this game :3"
,Recommended,250320,14343343,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cybercacoarchubus,What do you call a lost wolf?A where-wolf!
,Recommended,250320,9002240,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Mona <3,"Just finished Ep2.  An absolute delight for fans of Adventure games or Telltale Games... or even more for fans of the Vertigo graphic novels it's based on, such as myself.  Woo Fables!I often hear people trying to compare it to Telltale's ""The Walking Dead"" Game series, which I've enjoyed as well, due to its similar gameplay of choice & consequence, and story-based nature.  However.. so far, this game has less puzzles (only one so far in Ep2); is not as action-based, and is *entirely* story-focused.I would recommend it to people who like grim adventure games with a  'violent noire'-detective atmosphere.This one involves famous characters from various fables and stories from your youth.. who have gone bad! ô_ôThe main protagonist that you play is a human depictation of the Big Bad Wolf, who is the sheriff of ""Fabletown"".His/ Your job is to protect the other fable characters from each other by resolving their issues and solving crimes.The story, soundtrack, and voice acting are very well done, which makes it extremely immersive!I also particularly like the graphic novel/comic book art-style that stays true to the books.All in all, I can't wait for more! <3"
76561198098270153,Recommended,250320,32898027,Posted: 27 June,all,noahcasper,"Of the episodic games I have played so far, this one is definitely one of my favorites.Intriguing plot, likable characters, lots of options, stats, action sequences that don't require you to have 100x human speed.All in all, just a great game. There are no downsides to it."
,Recommended,250320,11827232,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,murderbits,"Do you want to play a game with a janky engine that is showing its age and still has a completely broken save system after several years? Do you want to play a game with kludgy mechanics, involving really dodgy action sequences and lame quick time events? Do you want to play a game that may break several times while you're playing, resulting in all of your game choices saying ""This choice is blank"", requiring you to stop, exit, and restart the game? Do you want to play a game where you have only a bare illusion of player agency and no actual meaningful impact on the story whatsoever? Do you want to play it in 90 minute sports every two or three months as each of five episodes are released over the span of nearly a full year?You very well might. Despite all of these telltale Tell Tale Games traits, The Wolf Among Us manages to compensate for all of these failures (which are repeated in every one of their modern games, so far) just enough with a really entertaining story set in a noir 1980s, where you play Wolverine who is tasked with protecting Fabletown. Great art style, color pallete, and voice acting join the actual story in making it worth playing with what would be intolerable failures in a lessar game.Due to the miserable save system and the difficulty in remembering the 90 minutes you played after two or three months each time, this is a title best enjoyed after all five episodes have been released (as is now the case). That way, you can play the entire thing in a couple of sittings without as much risk to your game save and you can keep up with the story.If you're interested in a compelling story that keeps you interested in reaching the next beat in it, The Wolf Among Us is probably worth the sticker price, for most people. If you're unsure about it, you should definitely consider picking it up during a sale. I'd only suggest avoiding this title if you have played enough of recent Tell Tale Games to know that you really dont' have the patience for the inherent jank of their products. Otherwise, if you still have a little patience for that, it's a fun ride."
,Recommended,250320,11208593,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Lord Weh,"The Wolf Among Us is based on the 'Fables' comics series by Bill Willingham, although the game acts as a prequel so it is a good   place to start if you've never read or heard of the series before.A colourful noir-ish mystery set in the 80's, the setting has fairytale, urban legend and literary characters ('fables') living secretly amongst the populace of New York city. The fable community keeps itself hidden from the mundies (regular humans) and as Bigby, the Big Bad Wolf, you act as their sheriff. When a fable turns up dead you start to investigate who might be behind it, and discover things aren't as simple as they may appear.The art direction, voice acting and music in this game are fantastic, combining to create a slick and gorgeous package that feels a cut above the presentation of prior Telltale games. Like other recent Telltale games, the focus is less on puzzles and more on story and interaction. The content is engaging, well-written and you'll be pulled into the thick of it and eager to piece the mystery together.Thoroughly recommended."
,Recommended,250320,14428644,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,B3RyL,"For starters, for the price of a couple of cinema tickets you get a 10-hour-long interactive story. Can't go wrong with that.Now, for the good stuff...- Bigby is one of the most awesome, troubled, badass, deep, complicated, admirable protagonists you could imagine. He's like Wolverine only gives even fewer ♥♥♥♥s. You'll have a man-crush on this guy after playing the first 10 minutes of the very first episode.- The story is just classic hard-boiled fiction. No-holds-barred power trip that's got more plot twists than the entire series of The A-Team. And it's dark, and it's brutal and just generally it's a great piece of storytelling.- The ""choice and consequence"" element may not have as far reaching consequences as you may expect, but it's more about self-discovery. It's about Bigby and his moral stuggles and you, as the player, has the power to choose how he deals with all that♥♥♥♥♥♥that's being thrown at him from left and right. It's a quest for moral victory and as such, it delivers superbly.- Visuals are great. Stylised after the comic book, the game feels like a grotesque, cartoon-ish representation of our own corrupt little world. I wouldn't trade the graphics in this game for any modern, life-like look. It just looks and feels like it's supposed to.- Voice acting is just awesome! You can tell so much about the characters just by listening to how they speak. You'll find yourself imitating Bigby's voice in your head in no time.Now for the bad:- Nothing. Null. Nada. Zero. Zilch. There are no bad things that can be said about this game. Whatsoever.- There's this one glitch at the very end of the game, but it only happens sometimes to not very many people. It's well worth checking out though, because it's one of the most amazing glitches I've ever ""suffered"" from! So I don't consider it a negative.- It's short. Just kidding. No it's not - for not even 20 quid you get 10-15 hours of solid, easily replayable entertainment. It's like one of those movies you keep coming back to year after year.If you haven't played it, you damn well should, even if you're not a fan of choice and consequence, or even adventure games in general, even if all you play is CoD or DotA2, just buy it and play it. It's just so good you can't miss it."
,Recommended,250320,26171844,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Castalia,"Literally bloody brilliant.  If you want a game with a dark, sinister storyline, filled with gore and all that, this game is for you.  Not only does it have good cinematics, but it's haunting music makes the experience even better.  It's supsenseful, yet magical."
,Recommended,250320,15871756,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Vollach,"Long overdue review....The Wolf Among Us was the first episodic adventure I played and as such it was absolutely awesome.Rich story telling, good characters and overall a really enjoyable game, controls could have been a little better but overall I really liked all of the episodes, so much so that I went back to collect missing achievements.Very Recommended."
,Recommended,250320,16947820,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dajoowie,"I'm not at all familiar with the Fables comics, but I immediately got into the story. You start to recognize characters and it's really nice how it's all immersed in it's own world.The positives in my opinion:+ There's an excellent plot with some unexpected twists to keep you interested.+ The voice actors are really good and the graphic style looks nice.+ The characters in the game are really well developed.+ There's some nicely made Quick Time Event combat.+ The ending is a real braintwister that will make you think of different possibilities but I don't want to spoil anything.The negative:- The choices are well (even though a couple of them had different outcomes than I thought between the line and the action) but they don't seem to matter to the plot line. It doesn't really change the outcome of the game at all as far as I can tell."
,Recommended,250320,23031873,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,•SADBOY•,"Was a really good play through, Once you think you're onto juicy information, it blooms into this massive storyline. I played this in a single sitting (I had time). The fables I thought were very well represented. This might be an unpopular opinion but I liked the Walking Dead a bit more. But this was a 9/10 Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,250320,16927641,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Defiant Heretic,"The game is basically the graphic interactive novel. It's beautifully artworked, the story is well written and the characters are not just black and white. I was very satisfied with the whole experience (as it was my first Telltale game)  and looking forward for more - hopefully sequel of episodes.I thought I would use my classic rating system for games I review but first of all, this not a regular game, second many of pluses and minuses would be same thing as it's complicated. Take a note, storytelling is nice and immersive, you think your decisions impacts and it's flow just right and yet after some time you notice (even with some replays) that it gives only a little diference how it ends or how situations turns up. On other side, it's so nicely holding itself together that it doesn't really matter that much anyway and you will enjoy it as it come.Every chapter has it own moments, cliffhangers or suprises and the end isso open for the new episodes or second gameand.... damn, I hate you Telltale for ending of first episodeto take audience for a while believe Snow is dead. Don't dare to kill her! :DEven out of sale worth your time and money...9/10"
76561198028086019,Recommended,250320,30220228,Posted: 27 February,all,zais,"Third person adventure/detective in Fable world (using usual Telltale's mechanics).Take fairytales to New York and add few drops of Sherlock on top: now you have 'The Wolf Among Us'.Good+ Good and well paced story+ Excellent voicingBad- Not much of replayabilityBottom Line: Very good adventure game, get it to spice your endless shooters (with no story involved)."
,Recommended,250320,12706271,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Kobolt Wolf,"Such a good game! It really does the comic series justice. If you're a fan of dark twists to fairy tales, love comics, and like moral choices this game is definitely for you. One of the best games I've played this year."
,Recommended,250320,28627960,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ManuTOO,"Great and intriguing story, great and enchanting characters, beautiful comic visuals, decent illusion that we are influencing the story and even some choices matter, and surprising recycling of well known legends of our childhood !So if you're a fan of genre what could you be asking more ?"
,Recommended,250320,11599425,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,JackE,Press Q - The Game: Disney Edition: Uncensored offers a surprisingly gripping and unique tale that stayed with me long after I finished the game.
,Recommended,250320,11598694,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nelen,"The Wolf Among Us is definitely a worthy game to play. Just like The Walking Dead, this is a game that relies on the choices the player makes, changing the course of events and altering the end.Characters are taken out of our favorite childrens book and imported into a modern society where the have to live hidden. The game is about solving a series of problems that come up, and restore the peace in their little society. This is not a game for children though, the game is brutal, full of violence and adult content (not sex).It's so far, GOTY 2014 (even though it was released last year, but only finished this year)... but it's gonna be hard to find a better game."
76561198047008556,Recommended,250320,13309354,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,susluv,A Telltale game  living up to Asura's Wrath QTE drama. Much praise.
76561197995972336,Recommended,250320,25695170,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,TehsusukopiO,"This game is deeply engaging. Although gameplay is pretty  basic, but its the story that suck you in. Unlike other Telltale games where you decide on choices that are right or wrong, good or bad, this one explores the choices you make through shades of gray. Every decision you make is neither right or wrong, ultimately you have to look at your own moral compass and decide what is best for your character and the story in general.Voice acting is top notch, you immediate get swept away from a myriad of interesting characters that populate the story as you play each episode to the end. You get to explore everyone's strength and weaknesses, decipher what makes everyone tick and try to navigate the world through a series of conversations that are extremely well written.This game is a must have for everyone into a deep, immersive, story driven game."
,Recommended,250320,30691454,Posted: 23 March,all,Garedo,"Try to help everyone, everyone hates you.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,15306148,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,The Wasteland Warrior,"I must admit, I've never actually read ""The Wolf Among Us"" comics but I decided to buy this game because;-I like most telltale games and I love 'The Walking Dead' game.-Other people told me it was good.The Wolf Among Us is an episodic dark, violent (mature), modern version of fairytales like; Red Hiding Hood, Snow White etc. set in an urban environment. The characters are all based upon these fairytales but the game's story does not follow the same stories as in the fairytales.The gameplay in The Wolf Among Us, is basically the same like every other telltale game; A point and click adventure with Quick Time Events.Like most point & click games, The Wolf Among Us, heavily relies on it's story. The story is well written and there are different outcomes for choices you make. The difference in TWAU, compared to other (Telltale) games like; Sam & Max or even The Walking Dead, is that the puzzling part is set to a minimum. As far as I can remember there are no puzzles in this game, this part could have been done better, in my opinion.The voice acting in game is great and really improves the story. Graphically, the game is beautifully drawn and captures the dark, gritty atmosphere, nicely.Personally, I prefered The Walking Dead, over this game but The Wolf Among Us is still a great game, if you're into comics and well written stories."
,Recommended,250320,20294449,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Milan,"After The Walking Dead series , there is another masterpiece from TellTale studios ! If you want something brutal , emotional and tough then you should really buy this !"
,Recommended,250320,11166579,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Cocoabine,"8/10 - You follow the story of detective Bigby Wolf on the case of a recent murder. Bigby and the gang all come from Fabletown, a world in which the characters are from well known children's fables; the big bag wolf and the like. They live in the real world and disguise themselves as humans (mundies as their known) to keep their identity secret. I'll leave it at that.If you've played Telltale's The Walking Dead, this is almost as high quality so you'll know what kind of ride you're in for. If not, you can expect the likes of drama, action, suspence and intrigue; coupled with constant dialogue options and interspersed throughout the games roughly 10 hours of playtime all combined to make for a thrilling experience."
,Recommended,250320,28381062,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Allstate - You're in Good Hands,"Telltale has done it again. They have yet again amazed me with another one of their AWESOME stories. I have not been disappointed with Telltale so far, and I really hope this keeps up. Every one of their games so far has given me chills, and I hope it stays this way. The only negative that I can think of is that choices really don't affect the story as much as they say it does, but other than that, it's a must buy for anyone who is looking for an exciting and engaging story.92/100 | -8 pts because choices don't really affect the story all that much.(Also, bring out a season 2 already!!!)"
,Recommended,250320,11334544,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Freelance Autist,"""You chose violence."""
,Recommended,250320,22809295,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mr.SixTwo,"Surely a masterpiece, in a world losing its soul to soulless AAA games, this is a fresh air you fill your lungs with as much as you can. Every single aspect of the game; be it art, dialogues, voice acting or plot in general will make you glad that you are living this experience. Granted it's not an action game per-se but still like a book; what you see is more than enough to thrill you. 10/10 would get goosebumps again"
76561198074192294,Recommended,250320,16520995,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,botmun,"From where do we start recommending this masterpiece of a game . This game gives you the choice to choose from being a good guy to becoming an a$$hole or even a croocked sheriff , by choosing the path of your character named 'bigby' also known as 'the big bad wolf' . The plot twists that this game had , I couldn't understand the story till the very end . It's quite exciting and exquisite game , one of the very few games that you'll have the urge to finish , once you've started playing this amazing extraordinary game .I'll give it a solid **10/10** (it's simply flawless)  do recommend you to purchase it right away."
,Recommended,250320,13196494,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Spooky Ol' Untrustable,This game is the polar opposite of The Walking Dead in the sense that you won't have to take a cry break every 10 minutes.
,Recommended,250320,12242481,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,brutalcumpowder,All the soul The Walking Dead Season 2 lacked seems to have been poured straight into The Wolf Among Us.
76561198061846148,Recommended,250320,9765157,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Irishwolf,"The Wolf Among Us, is perhaps the best game out there. With a gripping plot, and characters easy to sympathize with you will not regret spending money on it.The first episode of The Wolf Among Us showed us something new from Telltale. For the first time I've actually felt like I was in the game.. Like I was Bigby. It made me feel like I'm part of the story which no first-person game has ever made me feel. The third episode is the most gripping of them, and you get to see just how dark this game actually is.Definitively going to be ""Game of the Year"" when it is completed.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,13262606,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sharia Coke,"CSI Fabletown is very good. Your decisions lead to more random events than in The Walking Dead, which can occasionally be frustrating, but the story remains intriguing. It's also nice being able to tell everyone to ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Recommended,250320,18523535,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Edtron,The Wolf Among UsThe Big Bad Wolf.Pros:Fantastic story.Amazing voice acting.Awesome action scenes.Easy 100% achievements.Cons:A few dialogue inconsistencies.Overall Rating:10/10
,Recommended,250320,31937714,Posted: 24 May,all,✪HeSam_ShaDoW #acc for sell,good campain :)
76561198027836246,Recommended,250320,29486173,Posted: 25 January,all,Golden,The best telltale game
,Recommended,250320,10990532,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mr. Wonderful,I smacked the ♥♥♥♥ out of a toad in front of his kid. 10/10 would do it again.
,Recommended,250320,9766494,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,xWhaleShark,10/10 Would bang
,Recommended,250320,8338090,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,elman,"If you love good story telling BUY THIS GAME!Even if you didnt read the comic books and even if you dont know alot about the fable world (everyone knows something about the fable world, at least 2-3 fables), you should still BUY THIS GAME!Just from playing one chapter i fell for this game, the characters are superb, alot of depth and history.The plot is very dark, mysterious and captivating (very much in the spirit of the comic).It reminds me of The Brothers Grimm darker version of things only in modern time."
,Recommended,250320,30737543,Posted: 25 March,all,JZ_Trapper,Playing this game feels like enjoying a crime fiction filled with various fable characters. It fits wonderfully when you wanna have some rest from playing FPS or other games requiring 100% mental focus. It's another nice game developed by Telltale Games.
,Recommended,250320,14062942,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,get back im evil :^),I haven't posted a review. But my opinion? I loved it. I hope they'll make a sequel to this.
,Recommended,250320,11624256,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Clam Bake,Remember everyone of the fairy tales you were told or read as a child? Imagine all of them in a disturbed mind-♥♥♥♥ed detective thriller. Graphics are unique and only add to what is already a highly entertaining plot. Gameplay is fluid and keeps you on your toes. Choices create highly volatile story which enables non-repetitive replayability. Great buy for casual gameplay.
,Recommended,250320,13128737,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,RevolutionX,"Simply an amazing game, not even a quart of the way through and I am loving the atmospheric art-stylized mystery with a whodunnit storyline. The game twists and turns based on your decisions, telling you a little more about your character and the choices you have made, providing for some mental creativity and torture - like why did I pick that decision....waaaaah. lolIn summarization, compared to the usual point-n-clicks or FPS games, this simply is a breath of fresh air. :)11 \ 10"
,Recommended,250320,32752273,Posted: 24 June,all,Wolfzeit,"Simple and entertaining, a story as good as that of comics."
,Recommended,250320,30083802,Posted: 21 February,all,spaneika,"One of the few games that me and my wife (a non-gamer) thoroughly enjoyed together. I'd come home from work and she would ask me if I was going to play the ""wolf"" game today, because she wanted to see what would happen in the next episode. 4/5 glamours."
,Recommended,250320,16591048,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,JackTheChineseMonkey,"Telltale Games deliver yet another brilliant game, this time taking from the source material of the comic book series, Fables.Pros+ Brilliant story, I don't think any episode lacked at all.+ Various intresting characters, all based off fairytales. Some you may know, and there are probably a few you don't.+ Book of fables, a collectable in the game. Unique to The Wolf Among Us (As far as I am aware) which provide insight to characters and the story.+ Improved combat, at least better than what I saw in TT'S TWD. Simple yet fun.+ Several plot twists you will not see coming!Cons- Like every Telltale game, your choices do not radically change the game.- Rather short, even for a telltale game. Only took me about six and a half hours to complete.I would highly recommened this game, and I do hope that one day there will be a Season two. About new characters or about the ones we know, I don't mind, as long as it feels like a sequel."
,Recommended,250320,11152932,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Quan2Three,"After buying this from the midweek sale out of sheer boredom, I can't believe I never attempted to play this game.  This game is awesome in its story telling and interactive gameplay.You make choices like in Mass Effect, you have quicktime events like most games these days, and the ability to walk around and investigate.  The story telling from just Episode 1 is already suspenseful and has me off my seat.I reccomend that you try this game out if you're one for a great story."
,Recommended,250320,11190065,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ashyrat,"The best of Telltale's series in my opinion. It has a thrilling story, some great noir feel to it that really reminds me of the World of Darkness PNP RPG and choices that - unlike The Walking Dead Season 1 - really impact the plot and do not just pretend to be meaningful. The game is terribly short and there is not a lot of gameplay in it but what you do get to experience is fun from beginning to end."
76561198095572622,Recommended,250320,11625868,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,DaneDimension,"The Wolf Among Us, possibly the best Telltale game let alone the best story in a mystery game ever.Character Depth:Bigby is more compelling than Lee, yes I said it. This guy had so much depth. He's the sheriff a symbol of good and authority but yet his fable (The Big Bad Wolf) Stands for destruction and devestation. That mix makes the ultimate character.Unlike the walking dead the characters you meet are in real problems like debt. They have to worry about a shady employer than a zombie. When you interact with them you feel for them, you want them to be happy. In the Walking Dead you know its a♥♥♥♥♥♥world all around you and you try to make the best out of it but in the wolf among us you really feel they can make it in this world and they deserve a happy life. I can tell you that every character in this game has a purpose and a meaning. Whether you hate em or love em you'll know em.Choices:The Wolf Among us choices are the best. Even though they may come in a loop and you really can't decide what happens in the situation you. The best part about the choices in this game is tied with your character, Bigby. You can either be the ""Big Bad Wolf"" For an evil playthrough and shock terror into your allies and enemies like your fable is. Or you can be the good guy, try to show fabletown that your different and here to help for a good playthrough. I'll tell you first hand when you show your good theres no better feeling.Side Note to TT:One thing I have a beef with in TT games is romance, call me sappy but they bring it on themselves. In the wolf among us and several other TT games they set you up for love interests, maybe multiples. There is never an option to expand on those feelings for a character. They even blatenly point out that a character likes another or they interact in a certain way indicating that they like eachother but there isn't an option to even give em an affectionate hug or kiss. I think in future TT games there should be more options to have relationships.Story:This story had me tossing and turning in my sleep. I would only play an episode a night because I didn't want it to be over. Every night after I played the episode and went to bed it would pop up in my dreams. It was THAT good. Your a tough guy but your in a situation where you just might not be able to muscle your way out of a situation and you feel helpless!In all get this game and you'll love it, if you don't you might just save yourself an itch that can't be scratched cuz once this game is over you'll just be wanting more."
,Recommended,250320,8515940,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Kumi Chou,"Surprisingly good  (if short) visual novel/interactive movie.Honestly - I haven't even expected it to be good, my last Telltale game was Sam and Max, and it wasn't even decent in comparsion to original game. But it seems that developers learned their lesson, tightened up their writing, and finally have gotten familiar with their cellshaded engine.I'm not a big fan of comic series which this game is based upon, but authors managed to stay true to original characterisation and even given some supporting characters more depth. Voice acting is also surprised me, while not phenomenal, it was really good.So on aplusside we have:1) graphics - it really looks like a comic, and some scenes are screenshot-worthy;2) voice acting - like I said, not phenomenal, but surprisingly good;3) plot - it's hard to describe it and avoid spoilers at the same time, but I almost wish that it would have been AU instead ofprequel; it stays true to characterization and setting of the original Fables, and simultaniously gives surprising depth to secondary, and, to lesser extent, main characters.The game has a fewminusesthough:1) length (I realize that it's an episodic game, but an episode should be more ""meaty"", IMO);2) console controls (it really shows that the games were developed with a controller in mind, and not mouse + keyboard; mouse acceleration is awfull, and controls are sometimes awkward);3) the fact that it's a prequel (if they are to stay true to the story, then they just can't kill characters which later will appear in the comics, it somewhat ruins the element of surprise);4) music, especially the main theme (most music in game is forgettable, but ""DUN... TU-DUN. DUN... TU-DUN. tim-dam-dam."" main theme is just grating).****/*****"
,Recommended,250320,11140553,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Andre,"Telltales did a brilliant job in making The Wolf Among Us, I find the story much more interesting, intriguing and well executed then The Walking Dead. Quite a great Season finale that leaves lots of questions for the future Season.Overall I loved it, and I want more, and such feeling is scarce in many games."
,Recommended,250320,11250227,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DiamondXDestiny,This Game is Awesome! Great Story! And Super Amounts of Fun!
,Recommended,250320,28945869,Posted: 2 January,all,rekt,it's just magnificent
,Recommended,250320,28407643,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,||GwynBleid||,"The Wolf Among Us (TWAU) is one of the best episodic adventure game in the market. Telltale games rarely dissapoints when it comes to narration and plot. This game is a fantasy adventure type episodic game in which characters from fable lands feature ( like Snow white, Beauty, Beast, Little Red riding hood etc). You play as Big B (The Big bad wolf). Each choice and decisions you make throughout the game have consequences. Graphics is amazing (comic booklike graphics), you will feel that you are reading a comic book which is really enjoyable. Gameplay is mainly focused on QTE (Quick time events) like most of the other Telltale games. Soundtrack is perfectely suited. Plot is good and there are many twists and turns! I would recommend it to every gamer. My rating : 8/10."
,Recommended,250320,28678987,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rufio,"Goddamn it. I rarely do reviews but this one DEFO needs one.- Damn interesting story with a lot of plot twists.- Damn interesting gameplay mechanics. You don't just sit there and choose between one thing or another. You actually get into fights and such.- Damn interesting characters.- Interesting art style.BUT.After a brief amount of time, your choices don't really affect the story anymore, they are just... Choices. Guess the devs just got lazy or tired.AND WE WANT SEASON 2."
,Recommended,250320,11198855,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,0dds_0f_Even,"Telltale has done it again they made a badass adventure game set in Bill Willingham's world of Fables (It's a graphic novel series that you can find onhttp://www.billwillingham.com/if you want more mature stories) & I'll try my best to explain the game.WARNING IF YOU HATE SPOILERS, PROSTITUTION, SEEING YOUR FAVORITE FAIRYTALE CHARACTERS SUFFER, POLICE BRUTALITY (Mostly Bigby) & ALL SORTS OF OTHER CRAP HAPPEN THEN THIS GAME AIN'T FOR YOU!!!!!!So our game begins with the big bad wolf himself protecting most of the childhood fairytale characters we all know & love while trying to keep his cool towards the unbearable NPCs like the corrupt mayor Ichabod Crane for example but crap hits the fan when one hooker named Faith a.k.a Donkeyskin Girl (It's a fable you can read off herehttp://www.kidsgen.com/fables_and_fairytales/donkeyskin.htmon this website) has her head laying on the front entrance of Bigby's apartment. Devastated by this tragedy Bigby prepares for his quest to find the culprit behind this terrible crime with the help of his old friend Snow White (He also has a crush on her) while Bigby finally gets his violent personality back like any badass should (His past is really sad if you read the Winter Wolf fable & probably one of the main reasons he uses violence to solve his problems) to start wrecking havoc on any liars that cover up for the bad guys.From rampage to rampage (I won't go into detail because Bigby fights a lot of people) Bigby & Snow discover that a long crime war has been around for centuries started by Fabletown's professional mob boss The Crooked Man (If you paid attention in school there was a nursery rhyme called ""There Was A Crooked Man"" which is the same crooked man from the rhyme brought to life by Mr. Willingham) who is obviously the biggest piece of crap from using scare tactics on his hired help, getting other fables like Tweedle Dee & Dum to do his dirty work, Stealing from the poor, Corruption in the government (Crane was in charge of that) & lots of other crimes that would get you executed.Shocked by this news Bigby yet acts more of a badass to find proof related to all the crimes to catch the biggest fish in the sea (Violence included). After finding proof, killing the Crooked Man's henchman, capturing the mob boss himself, got the crowd supporting Bigby at the trial & punishing Crooked Man order is restored in FableTown so Bigby can finally relax for now. If Bigby wanted to he would have celebrated & maybe get lucky with Snow but we'll save that for another time we'll just let Bigby Drink & Smoke alone. (I hope you enjoyed my version of the story since I can't explain everything about the game)Pros:1. Badass Main Character2. Good Story3. Mature4. Depressing atmosphere5. Set in a comic book universe6. Believable emotions7. Memorable characters (Also dead ones lol)8. The game acts like a prequel to the comic book series9. Interesting character background stories you can read off the game menuCons:1. Some people may despise the Quick Time Events or how simplified the game is since point & click games have a history of being hard (I'm talking about the ones in the 90s & 80s)Overall if you like what you read then give some money to Telltale so they can make another game set in the Fable Universe & leave some feedback if I missed anything."
,Recommended,250320,13506117,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SuperFightingRobot,"Absolutely amazing game, from start to finish. The story is gripping, the art style is eye-catching, and the voice acting is superb.There are a few odd glitches though. Whenever Steam pops up an achievement notification, it's always during a loading screen and it can make the loading process lag. Three times when this happened, it glitched out the game to where it would skip one or more scenes, immediately thrust me into a dialogue choice, and every option would be blank. Thankfully, the autosave feature is well-implemented, so I can just return to the start menu, continue the story, and proceed as normal. One other odd thing is that in many of the action sequences, if you are playing with a 360 controller, if a prompt comes up to press the right trigger (or vice versa) you can hit the left trigger and it still registers as being the correct button. This isn't necessarily a negative, since many of these instances give you barely any time to react, it's just kinda weird.Overall, 12/10 game. Would slap Toad again."
76561198194459855,Recommended,250320,16548980,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PhibesX,"This game is fantastic in so many aspects! Great storyline, full of totally unexpected plot twists. Awesome strong characters, both male and female. Beautiful art. Also, I really enjoy the cinematic gameplay.This is my first time playing a Telltale game, and I must say I'm really looking forward to playing their other titles."
,Recommended,250320,11332691,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[GoC] Col. Mustard,"The Wolf Among Us is the shortest Telltale adventure game series I've played so far but it's turned out to be one of my favourites. Its unique setting with downtrodden fairy tale characters living in an 80s New York (courtesy of Bill Willingham's Fables) seems to be a perfect match for an adventure game - or a visual novel with Quick Time Events (which I believe is a more accurate description of Telltale's adventure games from the past couple of years). Is it better than The Walking Dead? I personally think so, but only because I like solving murder mysteries. Both games are good in their own right but while one explores the human condition against a backdrop of zombie apocalypse, the other provides a grittier, seedier epilogue to fairy tale characters we grew up learning about as kids."
,Recommended,250320,11146813,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,rhii ლ(ಠ益ಠლ),"The Wolf Among Us is a thrilling action adventure based on the award winning Comic book series ""Fables"". In Fables all the figures from your childhood, like Snow White, Red Riding Hood and many many more came two the Mundie (non-magic) world during the 'Exodus' to find a better live. In the Homelands they suffered surpression, death, enprisonment. But can they solve the problems of a everyday human in Fabletown, NY?You follow Bigby Wolf (the big bad wolf), detective and protector of Fabletown, while he uncovers the mysteries behind a murdered prostitude, he also tries to leave behind his past as one of the major villians in the Homelands. But is both achievable?Telltale has yet again created a very unique game with a very immersive and dark story about Power, Poverty and Emotions.Positiv+ Dark and thrilling story+ While being ""rather"" short it does not feel as something is lacking. Quality over quantity ;)+ Talltales unique art style/graphics+ likeable characters+ the decisions you make will have an impact on how the story unfolds and how the others will react to your presenceNegativ- missing gameplay like puzzles or riddles like in other adventures- a lot of Quick-Time-Events (QTE's)What to expect from TWAU?:You can expect a thrilling detective/noir story which will get you really excited! But if you are looking for a ""real"" game with ""complex"" game mechanics, puzzles ect. you will be dissappointed. If you played ""The Walking Dead"" and are familiar to Telltales work and liked it, then you will definitly like this game too! Now with all episodes, so no forced breaks, you will find it hard to not play it through at once!In Numbers: 85/100 Points"
,Recommended,250320,10937967,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,paranoid nendoroid,"Good characters, real choices that actually impact your experience (but not the overarching story as much) and a great story for a video game. If you liked Telltale's The Walking Dead, you'll love this."
,Recommended,250320,9406746,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,[Polaris] Elextra,"The Wolf Among Us is filled to the brim with choices and some of these are really important. It is something I have not experienced before, not on this scale. The Walking Dead is not even close. what really intensifies the decision making is the protagonist of Bigby Wolf. A crude anti-hero that you can role play a bit with. During my first playthrough, I chose a direct route, I had the opportunity to violence when it became so - and the blood flowed. A private investigator got a taste of my fist, another man's face I introduced into a glass bottle and then I tore an arm off. Because I'm the big bad wolf.As the rhythmic music flows, I wander aimlessly around while dark figures pass me by. My white shirt is rumpled and unkempt, with sleeves rolled-up. My black tie is loose, but I do not care in the slightest. The neon purple lights cast sharp shadows on me and framing my bitter facial expression. Then I fall into the darkness, my eyes shimmering yellow for a moment. I lead the cigarette to my lips and takes a puff: it brightens up my face ... My name is Bigby Wolf and I'm Fable Towns sheriff.It all reminds me of the series Once Upon a Time. We are in a city populated by mythical beings disguised as ordinary people - refugees from the city that obviously is not quite as it was told to me as a small child. Fable Town was a promised new beginning but the oh so familiar bureaucracy is hard on the less fortunate. It is a painful story that already after the first episode feels hopeless. No happy ending in sight, just dark storm clouds.The Wolf Among Us is an interactive story where the gameplay takes a back seat . Even more than in Telltale Games last Games, The Walking Dead. Most time will be spent in the dialogues and quick time events, the fact is that the game is full of them. In such a dialogue driven games, it is essential that both the voice actors and the script is good. With a broad smile, I can say that Telltale Games has outdone themselves many times over. Nothing sounds contrived, it is an exceptional performance."
,Recommended,250320,10904951,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Venum,"This game is fantastic the story had me hooked from the start, and at the end of every episode i wanted to start the next straight away! the choices are great and can only imagine the second play through being just as fun choosing a different path for bigby to playout! The only bad part about the game is the length i didnt realise how much time i was playing the game each episode is around 90mins long give or take but really felt like 10mins as i was sucked into the world of the fables!11/10 would recommend to anybody this game has soo much to offer!"
,Recommended,250320,13711479,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Captain Deadpool,"I went into this game pretty blind, I had my assumptions about the game( I thought it was more of a werewolf thing not The  Big Bad Wolf) I knew the reviews were extremely positive and I knew how the TellTale Games were played as I had played the two seasons Of The Walking Dead and enjoyed them. You play as Bigby Wolf A.K.A The Big Bad Wolf from many fairy tales, the game has many colorful characters all from various fairy tales and myths i.e Snow White, The Woodsman, Big Bad Wolf, Ichabod Crane and many many more. I loved the story because it brough the fairy tales we were all told as a kid but brought them into a deep dark adult world and showed what it would be like if these characters were real.The controls are the same as the other Telltale games so if you've played any of them you should know mostly what to expect though I think this one did the controls better than The Walking Dead series as far as the action sequences go.The story was great and had quiet a few twists and turns early and often I was really surprised I enjoyed this game as much as I did and it definitely blew away any expectations I had before playing it."
,Recommended,250320,25078415,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,My PC is Dead,OMG I fall in love with Snow White
,Recommended,250320,11281071,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,GameDev (Perdition Wakes),"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkAuCbflGJcThe Wolf Among Us is one game that is unique in it's own style. It has adult like choices given within an adult like scenario. When I say adult I don't mean it's rated ""M"" for mature."
,Recommended,250320,30808416,Posted: 28 March,all,Kellie,"Golly Gee, this sure is a great game. Awesome story!Toad is a♥♥♥♥♥♥though...10/10"
,Recommended,250320,30360555,Posted: 6 March,all,Sentorie,...Season two can't come fast enough.
,Recommended,250320,10981039,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,RB,"I CAN NOT EXPLAIN HOW GREAT THIS GAME IS WHICH IS WHY IM USING CAPS ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS THAT IT HAS AN AWESOME STORY TO IT :) MUST GET IT!And here is the game description From the makers of the 2012 Game of the Year: The Walking Dead, comes a gritty, violent and mature thriller based on the award-winning Fables comic books (DC Comics/Vertigo). As Bigby Wolf - THE big bad wolf - you will discover that a brutal, bloody murder is just a taste of things to come in a game series where your every decision can..."
,Recommended,250320,7396548,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,基本的な白い女,"Only the first episode is out, but I'm already in love with it. If you liked the walking dead game by the same devs, then you will like this as well. The great characters, better action sequences and a fantastic noir theme. Definitely buy if you are a fan of adventure games or the Fables comics that this is based on."
,Recommended,250320,16472093,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mojo Lord,"I just love how I can relate to the character in some way how, this game is a blast. In my opinion better than the walking dead. I have not even finished the story yet. Can't wait until the end! I recommend this game strongly, get it while you can."
,Recommended,250320,18388093,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,C#Shared,"“The dark interpretations of these fairy tales are gripping and Telltale never forgets that hook.”Its truly a remarkable masterpiece to Telltale Games and one of the greatest stories I've had the pleasure of absorbing. Delve deep into the depths of grit & violence, encounter characters from legends and folklore as you unravel secrets within the mythical enclave known as Fabletown.For every question there is an answer. For every problem there is a solution. For everything else... there is an explanation. ""These lips are sealed."""
76561198003476696,Recommended,250320,7876375,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DrFluffy,"This game is a wonderful clash of two realities trying to live with each other while also telling a dark, brooding story of murder and mayhem with detective elements, action scenes, and dialogue choices that do make a difference in how situations play out.  The color palette and art style of the game is just gorgeous and the characters deep and involving.  10/10 It left me with a cliffhanger wanting more. Get it!  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,250320,28514429,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Beridok,"Definitely top quality game :) one of games I enjoyed a lot.First touch with title, I never knew what this game is about, I only saw it's popular and I got it illegally to check it out... (shame on me) BUT! I loved it so much that I decided to buy copy here on Steam.Although choices doesn't seem to put a lot of changes in main story, it's still fun game to replay couple times.It has very deep... thing, it's like ""noir comic"" for me.And my favorite part, you don't have even to choose any answer :) You can keep silent.Runs very smooth."
,Recommended,250320,19884620,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BigStan,لعبة جميلة استمتعت في قصتها وشخصياتها الخيالية كثيراشريتها من زمن  لكن لم ألعبها الا بالامس وختمتها بيوم ونصف أو يومين بسبب قصتها المشوقةAbsolutely amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,250320,11162753,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Santanero,"Imagine all your childhood fairytale characters having a life like ours. Okay, now imagine them mixing in with our kind. Great, how about a serial killer on the loose? BOOM! You've just imagined this game in your head.Story wise it's quite interesting from playing only the first episode. You're a warewolf investigating a crime that involves Snow White, Beauty & The Beast, Magic Mirror and other fables. That's really all I can say about the story thus far, but from what I've seen I believe this story will be quite interesting,"
76561198051204560,Recommended,250320,12798764,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Pieoverload,"The only game where you can kill Bloody Mary as the Big Bad Wolf, then rip some guys head off, pretty neat game, worth the buy if you like to rip off heads or arms, whatever floats your boat."
,Recommended,250320,13868012,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,okr,"Finally they made an interactive movie that's right up my alley.Good story. great characters (thanks to comics creator Bill Willingham), excellent dialogues and voiceover, unique and colorful film noir atmosphere.The Big Bad Wolf & Snow White are now my most favorite game couple since Guybrush & Elaine.8/10 huff-puff smokes"
,Recommended,250320,11138483,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,riven,"10/10 blew my mind.okay now that im able to speak and type properly; the game is a work of art by itself. the art style is gorgeous and really demonstrates telltale's growth in these types of games. the story is phenomenal, i found myself engrossed during all 5 episodes as i played through them, and after each one i was anxiously awaiting the following episode. a game well worth the money, and well worth the wait as the episodes were released. the only thing i can ask for now is a season 2."
,Recommended,250320,11143100,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jabez,"So this game is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.I still think The Walking Dead ep1 was better overall, however TWAU boasts a much better opening chapter/your choices have a larger impact upon the guaranteed events/the setting allows for some very interesting things you wouldn't be able to try in a post-apoc WD-universe game. I still love Lee/Clem, but playing as the Big Bad Wolf was assuredly just as fantastic.It's set itself up for a really good sequel - one with a proper plot continuation, that draws heavily from the comics, which are also amazing. The game has loads of iconic moments, and true badassery you can't find in many games nowadays.Only negative things I'd say:- You don't appear to be able to get all of the Fables entries/collectables by naturally going through it; aiming for a particular character needs to be broken occassionally if you care about the 100%.- Because the dialogue you select isn't EXACTLY what Bigby says, if you're not 100% concentrating/reading it several ways, a few accidental choices could be made. :'(- Due to the nature of only being able to have so many responses, a lot of the time you're really wanting to say something that there just isn't an option for (tho the genre can't really avoid this tbh).- Episodes 2 and 3 are pretty short, and not as good as the stunning 1, 4, 5 - TellTale appear to have grasped back their quality, after a rough patch (probs coinciding with the GoT/Borderlands/other TWAU eps' release dates/TWDep2/etc).Overall, buy it... You really have no reason not to; the price is so low when on sale, and although you won't rack as many hours as you will on some other games, each hour will almost always be far more emotional/interesting/etc than far too many other games. I had a lot less hours on this, than I did TWDep1, but it felt just as long - it has none of the walking about to find clues/puzzle solving/long character dialogues that TWD had, and replaces it with much more action/narrative; both are still great. A nice feature that almost replaces the puzzle solving is how you can be wrong - the game openly invites you to guess at suspects/etc, and if you haven't been paying attention to what has unfolded before you, the story can change nicely.ggwp telltale"
,Recommended,250320,10997109,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Marcelus,"This game is flawless! I love the ambient, the cel shading, the art style in general. It's based on the comic book ""Fables"" (wich is very recommended by the community). The best part of this game is the tone wich surrounds classic characters like Snow White, the Big Bad Wolf, etc... The formula results in an interactive noir novel game with very good moments.I fully recommend this Telltale Games experience. Is only one Season (5 episodes) and it deserves at least two playthroughs ;)"
,Recommended,250320,21445825,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,EmberJune,"Possibly my favorite Telltale game, The Wolf Among Us is a (non canon?) prequel to the fantastic comic series Fables.Mixing fairy tales, mystery, and the modern mundane world, The Wolf Among Us spins an intruiging tale that draws in the player. The game's art direction is very interesting with a mix of comic style, and cell-shading (in the classic Telltale way), and all the characters are intruging and fun to interact with. I often found myself scrounging for more lore on each character, and as a completionist (albeit with little patience), I found it easy to get all the items and get all the achievements with only a couple replays for a couple chapters.Although the game gives you choices to make, let's be honest and say that this is Telltale... And we all know how consequential most choices actually are... That said, it's always interesting to see how character react to a-hole Bigby in contrast to ""good"" Bigby.If you're looking for a relaxing game with nice soundtrack, the occasional QTEs, and a very enjoyable story. I'd highly recommend this game. I'd also highly recommend reading the original comic if you're looking for more in the Fables universe and good ol' Bigby."
,Recommended,250320,13571916,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,4m0n,"If you had the chance to play Telltale's The Walking Dead you pretty much know what to expect from this game: a very well crafted narrative experience, maybe a little poor gameplay-wise but very compelling, rich of moral dilemmas and interesting views on delicate subjects.Compared to The Walking Dead this The Wolf Among Us is probably a little less dramatic, you won't form with Bigby the kind of emotional bond you formed with Clementine, but it is much more mature in its main themes. The Big Bad Wolf is a very well written character, and you get to explore the way the others connect to him, who he really is, and what he has (wants?) to do to protect Fabletown from a strange series of murders with a very hard-boiled vibe. Secondary characters are a lot and very well diversed, interesting backstories, accents, generally well detailed (even from an aesthetic point of view). Just like in The Walking Dead series your choices hardly change anything in the long run, but the little details counts, because they affect the way YOU feel about all the characters, their motivation and their reasons to support or hate Bigby.As long as you have very clear in your mind the gameplay (no puzzles, some QTE, heavily focused on dialogues) The Wolf Among Us is a game that I'll absolutely recommend. I loved it maybe more than The Walking Dead, and I really hope there will be a season 2. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,250320,21959731,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,CynaMel,"When a game gets you hooked for 5hrs straight without you even knowing its been 5hrs since you started playing.....You know its a masterpiece in every way possible.Never expected to Enjoy a Point and Click + QTE game soooo much.It goes to show the power and persuasion of a :+Grand Story,+Great Scripting+Great Characters,+Great Music,+Great Voice acting and+Great ArtWork.No Cons whatsever. And me,being an avid book reader,Loved every part of the game.This was an adventure worth bunking my classes . XDSky High RECOMMENDATION: 100/100."
,Recommended,250320,11149149,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Rory,A magical experience of a game. Highly underrated and over looked. Perfection is what comes standard with this game.As well as what comes standard with Telltale.
,Recommended,250320,13136278,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[J4CE] [Keyblλder] J-18,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing, if you're after a good, dark story with tough decision making this is for you. Don't let the QTEs throw you, TWAU and other TellTale games are the few cases where QTEs work, since they're core gameplay and great fun.Well? ♥♥♥♥ing buy it already.9.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,11162674,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,JAC,"This game is astounding in it's presentation, storytelling and overall production. Telltale Games IMO has become the masters of adventure games and interactive storytelling. This is a high tech ""choose your own adventure"" story book.The story itself was gripping. The acting was very good. The cinematic feel to it was very engaging. I haven't taken in an adventure game so good since the Walking Dead series or even Grimm Fandango. Trust me, for the price you will get far more entertainment value than any movie in theaters. Plus no crying babies, overpriced popcorn and you can sip all the Scotch you want."
76561198065118882,Recommended,250320,11055925,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,WilkWariacik,"Best adventure game i've ever played, everyone should play this, story and characters are awsome, qte also are good and fights making this game even more epic. 10/10 !"
,Recommended,250320,7889739,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kelso,"Well, if the rest of the episodes are as good as the first, we're looking at another potential Game of the Year here! Telltale are really pumping out amazing quality adult games these days, and after the glory that was The Walking Deads season 1, there just doesn't seem to be any stoping them. The graphic style is even more stylized and gorgeous in this game, and the story is absolutely intriguing. I'm really, really looking forward to continuing this, and if you are looking for a good time, enjoy the noir style this is using, and are a fan of The Walking Dead game, you really need to give this one a try. I was unsure for quite a while if I would actually enjoy it, and I am very, very glad that I picked it up. Telltale, you are simly amazing right now. Keep up the fantastic work!"
76561198008014391,Recommended,250320,25414395,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,NickRz,"absolutely fantastic story telling, much more choice than other telltales games, more agressive too.an adult take on fairytales.if you like noire, voilence and the most alpha character ever then pick this up"
,Recommended,250320,11205720,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,UR|HCMan,"Masterpiece, 10/10.If you like noir - this is your choice. Kinda short, but fantastic."
76561197971443627,Recommended,250320,11171497,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,KEEPwalking,"Truly an amazing game from start to finish, Great game ,I really like the art and music. Best game I've played in a long time.But the game is quite short, Suggest to buy the game at Discount price!!"
,Recommended,250320,9379989,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Soarnsky,"Great story. Simple, casual game. It's a nice break from the other genres"
76561197993459184,Recommended,250320,19798055,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,c0mplete,One of the best telltale games made.
,Recommended,250320,13310012,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,[GE] o monjão,"Did not finish the game yet, but last chapter was so good I had to come here to give the game a thumbs up. Must buy if you like adventure games."
,Recommended,250320,13645745,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Social Alcoholic,Amazing game. 11/10
,Recommended,250320,11141364,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,karathrow,"Visually this series has been absolutely gorgeous from the get-go.  Despite the fact that certain areas are supposed to be decrepit and run-down they are colorful and detailed.  The characters are expressive and unique.  The ""cinematography"" if you can call it that is top-notch.  It's easy to see everything you need to when exploring and it follows the action well in dramatic/fight scenes.The music is relatively subdued and low key but it compliments the game well enough.  The visuals with the 80s synth sound call to mind things like Drive/Hotline Miami which I'm not sure if that was intentional.The controls for the series have mostly been spot on.  I played with a 360 controller and I may have stumbled a bit or two on a QTE but it was nothing crippling.  One issue with the game is that since you are using fixed-camera angles if you are holding say ""up"" and move into a new room, ""up"" may become ""left"" and the game doesn't seem to interpret the change properly.  It's a minor gripe though and not game-breaking.The gameplay isn't much to write home about to be honest.  You're either interacting with everything on screen until you've run out of options, doing a QTE sequence or choosing from multiple conversation options.  I think the real winner here is that rather than burdening the series with obtuse moon-logic puzzles, Telltale elected to keep the game elements light in favor of the story.  That's not to say you don't interact with or shape the story.  Be warned you are looking at about 10 hours of gameplay here.  For some that may be a drawback, but for me it was the draw.  Those 10 hours have no filler or wasted content.The story in TWAU is phenomenal and is the real draw to the game.  Granted it is based on the existing Fables graphic novel series but from what I understand a lot of the plot for the game if not all of it was created from scratch.  The writing and voice acting are top notch here, and Telltale fans will notice some familiar voices from previous games.  Aside from Bigby most of the other characters are multi-faceted and compelling.  People who immediately seem innocuous and friendly may have dark secrets, people who are at first glance are two bit thugs may actually have some humanity in them.  All of your interactions with the Fables both good and bad come back to you, so be careful what you choose.All around, I can't recommend this game enough.  It's clear that Telltale learned a lot from The Walking Dead and their previous games and the are really only getting better at what they do.  Yes the game is short and is largely more focused on narrative than gameplay, but if you're okay with that there's a lot to love here.  Absolutely buy this game."
,Recommended,250320,19774656,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,iceflare177,Pros:Great soundtrackBadass MCInteresting plotCons:Snow WhiteSnow WhiteSnow Goddamn White
,Recommended,250320,11369358,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,damekage,So first off this takes place before the comics if you are a fan of those. It sets up and lets you experience a great bit of story from the eyes of Bigby.The shaders and art style where chosen both to be familiar to the comic fans and the people who knows the kind of work tell tale games who produced it.As for its gameplay like most of the tell tale stuff I and many others would more call them interactive stories. As the only real stuff you do is do quick time events and walk around to look at stuff.All in all the quick time events are well laid out with some great time sensitive ones as well.The story is really what makes this though. Now that it is all out you can easilly look ahead if you want but I say play through it and don't because the story will have you thinking every which way with it's amazing lay out.
,Recommended,250320,20636022,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,🔪,and there I thought that arms grow back.
,Recommended,250320,8628348,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Kindzy,"Amazing. If you like ""the walking dead"" you must buy this.Adorable story about fables nowadays.You will be amazed."
,Recommended,250320,9338782,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,radamant,Amazing story. Nice artdesign. 8/10
,Recommended,250320,11235989,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Jelly Fox,"Some of my first and most vital PC gaming experiences, growing up, involved the classic point-and-click adventure. I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for those kind of games. Once again, Telltale games has revitalized the entire genre with The Wolf Among Us.I purposefully kept a blind ear and eye to every single bit of information/reviews/videos when it came to this game and what it was about, until the moment I could play it for myself. I was more than pleasantly surprised to discover it was based on the comics I have been reading and enjoying for the past few months--The Fables series. And I have to say, it really does the comic book series justice, both in style and character.  But don't worry, even if you've never read the series you can easily delve deeply into the world this game presents.Who doesn't like a good murder mystery? It's even better when you get to take the role of detective (or in this case, Sheriff), sniffing out clues and interrogating suspects, piecing together evidence bit by bit. In this case, you are none other than the Big Bad Wolf, who has been assigned to bring law and order to Fabletown: a magical and rather grisly place tucked away in New York, where many creatures of legend and fairytale characters have been exiled to live. As you can expect, not everybody plays nicely with each other, and pretty soon things end up bloody.  I love how the game really gives you complete control over your character's personality and detective skills, though it could be frustrating at times when you come to realize something major yourself...only to wait and guide your character to eventually come to the same conclusion.Most point-and-click adventures let you explore freely and take your time, it's all rather leisurely. And although there is plenty of room to explore around Fabletown, taking your time really isn't an option. At all. To me, though, this only adds to the tension and excitement you feel as the story unfolds. The game is highly cinematic in nature, so that if you step away or stop paying attention for one moment....you could miss a critical clue, lose your sway in a conversation, or worse. You must constantly be on your toes and ready to make decisions that help shape the way your character is perceived and solve the case. Not only that, it makes the game nearly impossible to want to stop playing, and that's a very good thing. I found myself glued to the seat and highly focused for each and every episode of this.The game reminds me of an old noir crime movie, with plenty of seedy characters, red herrings, blood, sex, brutal fistfights and relentless twists and turns. It's highly intellectual and really forces you to think for yourself, but I guarantee you will always be second-guessing yourself throughout, playing back old conversations and situations to make sure you did the right thing.  After all, the game is filled with varying choices, and it's these nuances that not only add to the first time experience of playing--but also offer replay value.I won't spoil the end, of course, but I will say only this: If you played the game as intensely as I did, you won't be able to stop thinking about it for at least a few days. And the best kinds of games are the ones that haunt you and stay with you like that, in my opinion."
76561198056369995,Recommended,250320,11179552,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Decapp,this is another amazing step from telltale games. what a great story about exiled fables. the noir feel to this game and great story make this game a must play. highly recommended. cant wait for tales of the borderlands.
76561198051356493,Recommended,250320,30826365,Posted: 29 March,all,Carlvito,Telltale hit a home run with this one. Great noir atmosphere and very interesting choices make this experience highly replayable.
,Recommended,250320,13064586,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,Not as emotionally involving as Telltale's TWD but just as good. The whole noir vibe is fantastic.
,Recommended,250320,11155667,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Jimzy,"The Wolf Among Us. A mysteriously, violently, mature game.Haven't played a game a game I loved and enjoyed in a long time.If you love to be a detective and figure out what is what and who is who.You will love this game, a game where you make the decisions.Who lives and who dies, who goes and who stays.A rollercoaster that you cannot get enough of.Keep it up Telltale Games.10/10Cannot wait for next season."
,Recommended,250320,19812902,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,William0125,Waiting for season 2... *sigh*  it's gonna take a long time isn't it?
76561198055011433,Recommended,250320,14504019,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Saku Sha Lin,Oh god i loved this game. It just is awesome. Only I can do is recommend it to everyone.
,Recommended,250320,13448480,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,amok,"Telltale has successfully applied their 'The Walking Dead' formula & mechanics, this time capturing the essence of film noir and (hopefully) the Fables comic (which I haven't read). The Wolf Among Us takes more cues than ever from cinema, with ample establishing shots between acts, vignettes from interesting angles and simulated lens effects. These little details all help create depth and atmosphere and well, I just love that kinda stuff.The writing is fairly decent and the characters are likeable. Since it's a fairytale-inspired comic-inspired noir, it's difficult in fairness to call anything cliché or one-dimensional, though objectively I suppose much of it is. I prefer to call it heavily themed or stylised. Whatever, it works.Most of the interaction is superficial and the game is rather linear, but I didn't mind because the interaction served well to keep me engaged in the story while giving the impression of nonlinearity. However, a much enticing replay will quickly expose this illusion leaving you disappointed. Just play it once and live with your choices. Let it be.LIKES:-Amazing art direction, lighting & palette had me in screenshot frenzy.-Top notch voice acting for a game. Subtle, moody soundtrack adds a heap.-Plentiful badassitude.DISLIKES:-Predictable formula makes all the decisions about how people will judge you, rather than the logical path, or the role playing path. This heavily influenced my choices. However, see next point.-Telltale say the choices matter. This is a lie. They are merely noted upon.-The ending was a huge disappointment after some great mystery and drama along the way. It left me wanting a more compelling climax and plot twist."
,Recommended,250320,8510994,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Luciella,One of the best fairytale stories. Reminds me a lot of broken sword. A wonderful depiction of what would be the life of this characters living in today's world.
,Recommended,250320,11169533,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,northbad,"If you enjoy the comics, Telltale's ""The Walking Dead"", or just a great story, I would fully recommend this game. Has a great story, great characters, and a great soundtrack. Totally worth your time"
76561198039642906,Recommended,250320,25448544,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,lstair,"Exploring my library very bored.. gotta be some game I want to play.Finally see this gem. Yes.The Wolf Among Us I can say with certainty is one of my favorite games of all time (top 3). The story, characters, locations are all so beautifully written and illustrated in a great comic shell shader style that fits the game so well.The story is basicly fairy tales living ""Among Us"" (no pun intended) in New York. Honestly it sounds so wierd and dumb when you try to explain it but you REALLY just have to play it and realize how briliant it is. Speaking of playing it, you play as Bigby Wolf, aka the big bad wolf. You may think you're a villian but you're acctually the sheriff of Fabletown, an area in New York where most fables live. You basicly try to keep different fables from killing eachother.The gameplay is player driven, how you act and react to events and characters throughout the game will determine how the game plays out, and how characters will fear about you.It's an amazing game, it's worth its price now, and it's a steal for anythign less."
,Recommended,250320,24804984,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Chuggs,None of the other Telltale games even come close to the Wolf Among Us.
76561198039720950,Recommended,250320,10716890,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Koalas are just super baked,I was suprised by how much I'm enjoying playing this game. Nice gritty and dark universe with a choice driven plot.
76561198210248521,Recommended,250320,33935970,Posted: 31 July,all,dominator 2000,SEASON 2!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,250320,27322193,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chaosmeleon,"Review for autumn sale:This game has an incredibly rich story. There is a popular opinion which states that your choices don't really matter much in Telltale games. I can agree on this. However, The Wolf Among Us is the game that made me play it and then re-run for two more times just so I could see every possible way to end the story, to experience every little plot twist hiding inside it. I don't regret a minute spent on this."
76561198132788744,Recommended,250320,31514038,Posted: 2 May,all,abbie ☼,"Another great game from Telltale Games. A very tense and suspensful twist on fairytales, based on the Fable graphic novels. A very enjoyable experience, especially if you like other games by Telltale. I dream of the day there is a season 2."
,Recommended,250320,31903146,Posted: 22 May,all,AnnaUser,"-One of the best game from Telltale,which deserved and deserves a goddamn second season!!!Pros:+Great Story+Awesome badass protagonist <scumbag Bigby ;)>+Cool side characters+Satisfying ending+Has achievementsCons:-Doesn't have a second season!10/10 would recommend!!!"
,Recommended,250320,13095490,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"Better than Walking Dead Season 2 and better than its own source material. The Wolf Among Us takes the universe of the Fables comics -- where characters from myth, legend and fairytale hide among us in New York City -- and gives it an extra noir spin by setting it in the grimy red-light districts of the city's 1980s.Like Telltale's other recent episodic adventures, it's less about winning the game than about who you are and what the world looks like when your story is done. How far will Sheriff Bigby Wolf go to protect the people of Fabletown when the system fails everyone around him?"
76561198044653376,Recommended,250320,25731920,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Spartan,This game is amazing. I enjoyed every moment of it. Makes you want more of it. 10/10 Would recommend! Reminded me the style of Heavy rain.
,Recommended,250320,25471073,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Captain Spectacular,"Yet another hit from Telltale games. A series that actually made me venture out and read the material it's based on, Fables, due to how heavily invested I got with their characters. Do not hesitate on picking this up if you're interested."
76561198126939378,Recommended,250320,18401106,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"Another TellTale masterpiece in interactive narrative with great characters.Pros:- Story. A deadly mystery that delves deeply in Fables (fairy tale) lore and packs a substantial amounts of twists- Characters! Bigby, Snow, Crane or Georgie, each is finely crafted with stellar voice acting- voice acting!!- soundtrack. very atmospheric- perfect TellTale style choices- easy on your machine, still looks good and is immersive- sets are designed with love and care- it gets pretty brutal- I love the openingCons:- not a game per se. more of an interactive TV series- some might be turned off by the more graphic and explicit nature of The Wolf Among Us. tread with care if sexual or overly violent content offends or disgusts you- absolutely uninspired 'achievements' ... rather wish they skip that.Verdict:A must have for fans of the Fable comics, and surely a great addition to anyone's library.The Wolf Among Us delivers a mature crime drama with supernatural elements, sprinkled with some good old fashioned ultra violence. This is served with memorable characters, performances and development.Better than TV"
,Recommended,250320,22280230,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,BiG8BaLL,Masterful.
,Recommended,250320,7775620,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,CXZman,"I strongly recommend this awesome game... but wait for it. Summer 2014.Everything's damn perfect in this adventure game. The mood, the writing, the art direction, the sound, the setting... Telltale at its best, by far.YET... I do not recommend the small episodes scattered around the year. The game's experience should get much much better if you can actually play them all in a row. The first episode finishes on a big bad old cliffhanger... and those really have a meaning when you only have to wait the follow up for about a week or so. Not six month.You should also understand this game is heavily based on QTE. If it's not for you, it's not for you.I can't comment on the story though. Everything is about the story in this game, and it is very easy to spoil it. All I can say is it's top notch.Wait until summer 2014, then buy this game as hard as you can!"
,Recommended,250320,13293530,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Summertimo Sadness,"Dear player: you are dumb.You're such a socially inept nerd, you probably can't even interpret facial expressions or voice pitching. That's why we will inform you with those neat ""XYZ will remember that"" boxes.Also we really love to delude you into buying the thought that ""every decision can have enormous consequences"", even though in the 9 hours you will play this game, there are only like 3 occasions were this statement would really be the case.No matter what you do, the plot line will always head in the same direction, at the same speed. There's no branching path or shortcut at all. So even if you connect the clues the game gives you, you may wait a very long time till your ingame character does so. The choices you can make are once again very limited.So much for rambling about the bad points. Now onto the good stuff, which imho fortunately outweighs everything mentioned previously.The game is based on the DC Comic Series ""Fables"". Once you are into the game you immediately got that gritty noir vibe going. It's atmospheric, stylish and quite unique in the gaming sector. The cell-shading graphics fit that base very well. From what I can tell the voice acting also is very professional and completely flawless.Even though the story tends to be stereotypical at times, the characters are believable in their own motivations and actions. There's no black and white run-of-the-mill evil villain to find here. It's almost like the story arc - just like the artstyle, the music and voice acting - is once more another plattform for the twisted and crazy, but often still very likeable characters to shine through.I played through the complete game in about 9 hours and the standard price would be 22,99€ in Europe (Tier 1). That is a lot of value for your money, considering that this game feels more like watching an entire season of an interactive series then anything else.Here you go. The 'Call of Duty' of adventure games. Just like Activision took the essence of action games and multiplied it by 10 for the sake of entertainment, while leaving out the more interesting aspects of gameplay, Telltale do the same thing in their own genre. It's extremely dialogue-heavy and entertaining, but if you're looking for interesting gameplay.. go look somewhere else."
,Recommended,250320,11002087,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,akane tsunemori,spoiler alertbigby is a wolf ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,250320,11142272,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,♥SillyFinny♥,This game was beautiful. Telltale Games sure know how to make a wonderful story and dynamic characters. Keep up the good work and bring forth a sequel please! 10/10
,Recommended,250320,11368862,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Heavyline,"I never thought that playing as the infamous ""Big Bad Wolf"" feels so damn good! Light a cigarette, be nice, be cool and rip heads, arms and eyes out of those who mess around with you. If you enjoyed ""The Walking Dead"", you will love ""The Wolf Among Us"" !"
,Recommended,250320,12500669,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CrocTheOne,"very good game, redefining your morals"
,Recommended,250320,9766056,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Xanith,"The game that has made Telltale one of my current favourite developers. There is no higher praise I can give it, the game plays like something made with me as the target audience - Stop reading this and play it. Play it NOW."
,Recommended,250320,9774958,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,[RGC] Madi,"This game is amazing! I didnt think I would like it at first but the story, art, and decisions are fantastic!"
,Recommended,250320,9867756,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Wild Max,"I'm biased maybe because I love the graphic novels this game is based on -- and Telltale delivers a game that is more point and click than anything else even if it uses a controller. But, the graphics are incredible and just like the comic, and the world is immersive. It's worth the money since all we're buying on here is experiences anyways."
76561198035430986,Recommended,250320,11138247,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Caxap,An amazing and hugely satisfying adventure game with top-notch atmosphere and toughest decisions to make. TellTale Games has outdone themselves even considering a brilliant first season of The Walking Dead. A well-crafted story I will remember for a while. Five stars.
,Recommended,250320,11143844,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,KurtyTooBusy,"And here we go again, another fantastic game by the creators of Game Of The Year winning The Walking Dead. This follows the Sheriff of Fabletown. We know him as The Big Bad Wolf but here he is called Bigby Wolf. We follow him to uncover the murder of a fable.What do I think of this game?I think this is better, darker, more mature than the Walking Dead series. The voice acting is superb, the environment is engrossing to the story line, the story is more in depth then Lee and Clemintines survival of the Walking Dead, in search of her parents. What is better is that this game is a prequel to the comics, so you can go  spend over 200 dollars on the entire collection! No seriously, don't do that. Anyway, telltale has provided us with another fantastic game.Do I expect a Season 2?I would love one but since this is a prequel you'd have to read the comics first then play the next season, unless they do it straight after the end of Episode 5, and 5 does leave you on the edge of your seat. So yeah, I expect one but don't have your hopes up."
,Recommended,250320,10228592,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Velcro Spider,A very good game much in the vein of The Walking Dead series but with less zombie and more film noir sleaze and attitude.  A lot of the more popular childhood fables are portrayed in a very different light and there is a backstory for them all which really adds to the immersion. Deffo worth a look!
,Recommended,250320,9111635,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Doug,BETTER THAN THE WALKING DEAD AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO CRY TO PLAY IT11/10
,Recommended,250320,29880804,Posted: 12 February,all,Lucyell,awesome game
76561198033914746,Recommended,250320,12548366,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Tha Pilot,"awesome story and great dialogue, heavy with the choices too."
,Recommended,250320,11140033,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ronnie,"It's hard to talk about The Wolf Among Us without comparing it to its older brother The Walking Dead as they practically share the same game style. Tell Tale did a great revamp with the point and click adventure genre and what truly shines for their newer instalments are the players dialogue and action inputs that affect that story as you progress.Playing as Fable sheriff Bigby Wolf (The big bad wolf) you have a bad reputation for having a temper and violent tendencies. The games theme is based around judgement of character and lets you choose to whether live up to your tenacity or redeem yourself in the folks that you serve and protect.Always thinking about your actions and seeing your consequences unfold blurs the lines of good and bad and that's what makes TWAU really stand out. Will you assert your authority? Show remorse? Keep your cool? or unleash who you really are?Solve the case, help clean up Fable town. And show your true side.... Your bite maybe worse than your bark."
,Recommended,250320,10932044,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jamook,"This is story telling at its best. The characters are likable and relatable (well, some are). The graphics are nice, the voice acting is superb and the way that Telltale Games creates a very dynamic story but manages to make it all flow together nomatter what choice you make is beyond amazing. My only regret about this game is that I did not pick it up sooner. Pick this up now. Its a really, really great game."
76561198086901121,Recommended,250320,30971830,Posted: 5 April,all,siKKesT^,"For me, it's the best Telltale game. It's a bit ""different"" and way more ""adult"".9/10 from my side."
,Recommended,250320,17187555,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"This game is supposed to be a prequel to a comic book series called Fables. It is about all sorts of fairy tale characters we know (e.g. Red Riding Hood, Beauty and Beast) who live among us as they were forced to leave their home. In Fabletown (which is part of New York) they try to blend in with the humans (who they call ""mundies"") and for those not having human form it proves to be difficult: an enchantment called ""glamour"" is a must to change forms, otherwise they are sent to ""The Farm"" which is not exactly a place any Fable wants to be.The game takes place in the '80s and the player assumes the control of the Wolf from Red Riding Hood. Big Wolf - or Bigby - acts as the Sheriff of Fabletown and is set out to solve a crime that ended in the death of one of the Fables. He is aided by Snow White and other fairy tale / folklore characters we may or may not recognise.Now, if you have already played a Telltale adventure game Wolf Among Us will be familiar to you:--- there are a relatively few places where objects can be picked up or interacted with (we have the option to investigate our surroundings while the rest of the game gives us a mainly film-like experience with lots of cutscenes and dialogues)--- your inventory does not really get full of items and if an item can be used with another one in the environment the game tells you that--- there are lots of characters to speak with and during conversations you have a limited time to pick an answer - these affect the relationship you have with these people and a choice can often have dire consequences--- due to the availability of choices a 2nd or even a 3rd walkthrough can easily yield you new results (the changes can even affect the end game)--- during action sequences quick-time-events are common but the pop-up buttons are easy to hit - this is not a difficult game (the main idea here is the immersion)Wolf Among Us sports an interesting story and it entertains you from start to finish while you try to find the killer of Fabletown. Since prior to this I played the Walking Dead series I can make a comparison between the two: Wolf has more action sequences and while there's drama it certainly is less emotional. Oh, and make no mistake: just because it is about fairy tale characters gore and violence (along with cursing) is common.For fans of Telltale adventure games this is a recommended title - for newcomers it's also worth checking."
,Recommended,250320,19832153,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,💙Rαcнєℓ Aмвєɾ💙,Another succesful Telltale Game!Love the graphics <3 :P
,Recommended,250320,10291487,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,MrAnas,One of the best stories You can get these daysI give this game 10/10it takes from you to finish it about 10 hours but it totally deserve its price
,Recommended,250320,9033909,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,GhostYy,If you liked The Walking Dead then definately get this.Personally I prefer this to The Walking Dead and am considering reading the comics.Definately check it out!9/10
76561197994787827,Recommended,250320,30378456,Posted: 7 March,all,0x0020,best telltale game to date
,Recommended,250320,14156929,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Negan,"The Wolf Among Us is a gritty thriller with a great mystery detective story line that involves suspects, victims, drugs and murder with a mindbending finish that will leave you thinking. Beautfully written and great voiceover acting. The graphics are excellent. The achievements are all attainable. The book of fables might take a second playthrough to achieve but they can be acquired. There are good guides and videos on how to obtain those achievements. Telltale has done it again! Well done! I definitely reccomend this game! 9/10!"
,Recommended,250320,14364996,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mom,furry simulator
,Recommended,250320,10688229,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MaxOfS2D,"If you liked The Walking Dead you will also like this. It's a bit more action-oriented. I wouldn't call it ""noir"" (or at least not too much) or ""mature"";  it's basically fairytale characters, gritty & edgy version in a crapsack modern-ish world. But the execution works really well in my opinion.You play as the big bad wolf (hence the Bigby name), there's snow white, there's the dwarves, there's beauty & the beast, etc. it's  a bit of an adult mix of the stories of your childhood, wrapped up in a thriller/murder/investigation package.It certainly feels better paced and more interactive than The Walking Dead to me but both have different aims & goals."
,Recommended,250320,7786427,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,HaasGaming,"Episode 1 or “Faith” is an excellent first 2 hour or so long chapter in The Wolf Among Us story. The presentation is in every way fantastic, with the one down side being the somewhat jarring frame problems during transitions, these are largely neglectable and they managed to make this world of fables come alive.If you are looking for a game that features many puzzles and gives you plenty of room to uncover its secrets, you are unlikely to find it here. Gameplay is greatly paced during the fight scenes, but not so much when you are given free roam. If you are however looking for a great universe with great story, characters and dialogue.. well, you need not look further.With episode 1, The Wolf Among Us is looking like it will be a fantastic episodic experience to play through.Full review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qXJcpciM5s"
,Recommended,250320,8041259,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Felix Mortem,"I went into The Wolf Among Us blissfully ignorant. All I knew was that it was in a smilar vein to the excellent The Walking Dead games and had the same developers. I was rather delighted by an absolutely fantastic surprise of a game. An ultra-violent film noir mixed with a fantasy world.The story sounds odd on paper but is very smart and oozes style. Basically, it's about the classic characters of fairy tales (Snow White, The Big Bad Wolf, Three Little Pigs, Beauty and the Beast, etc) having to leave their magical homeworld to escape destruction and they settle in Manhattan, in an area called Fable Town. Use of a drug called ""Glamour"" conceals their non-human form (if they are non human, characters such as Snow White and Beauty don't have to) and if they cannot afford Glamour, they are sent to a rural enclave, some would say prison, known as The Farm. The well off and high-ups live in an apartment complex called The Woodlands, whilst the under-classes and wretches of society live in the impoverished fringes. It's a world much like our own, far removed from any magical connotations. Don't think of the themes as being child friendly too. It's a very mature game with mature themes, with violence to boot. Think of it as the characters of Disney in the world of a film noir murder mystery.Fast forward to the modern day. You play as Sheriff Bigby Wolf, aka The Big Bad Wolf, who is tasked with keeping law and order in Fabletown. He's a typical hard talking, hard living, gritty detective of classic film. A serial killler, a completely new thing for Fabletown, is on the loose and you have to stop him. During this investigation many questions are raised on class boundaries, injustice and the hardship faced by citizens of Fabletown. Bigby's moral compass is tested and sometimes he fails to keep the wolf inside him from coming out, quite literally. It's enthralling.The game plays very similarly to The Walking Dead. It's a point and click adventure focused on player choice and story. I think it rises above Walking Dead in that the story is more compelling, the characters more interesting and overall the artistic license gives the writers more room to maneuver and craft a better story. The art direction is absolutely fantastic too. The game looks lovely, with animations being a much improved area. The soundtrack is brilliant, very subtle but never fails to convey a particular mood or sense of place.The first episode was about 2 and a half hours long and I enjoyed every minute of it. One of the best story based games I've had the privilege of playing and if the rest of the episodes live up to this then it'll be one of the best games I've ever played.Heartily recommended. Near perfect in what it sets out to achieve."
76561197985072747,Recommended,250320,8258285,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre: Interactive Story - Fantasy/Film NoirA very good telltale game. It stands up to the Walking Dead and it had me enthralled from start to finish. Episodes will be staggered, on writing this there was only one released. It links to the Fable comics that I have briefly looked at before, and they seemed an interesting concept."
76561198040024328,Recommended,250320,11139849,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,The vintage feeling,"General info~Genre: Adventure game, point and click, noir~Episodic game: all episodes available~Number of players: 1~Completion time: 8-12 hoursStrong points+Neo-noir at its finest+Characters with rich background and interesting personalities+Action and narration are well balanced+Music fitting to each circumstance+Professional voice acting+The game targets a wide audience; not just comic book readers+Suspence escalates with each episodeWeakness-Player choices are plenty, albeit somewhat negligible to the plot's outcomeMy rating5/5Admirers ofFilm noirwill adore this game. It does not require any knowledge of the comic saga it belongs to."
76561198056229869,Recommended,250320,32653546,Posted: 22 June,all,Bernie Lomax,The story is a dark take on fairy tales. Dialogue options are choosen by clicking with a mouse.
76561198016839744,Recommended,250320,11269246,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,I like this game just as much as i like The Walking Dead
,Recommended,250320,11156063,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Grothdar,"I dont want to write a massive review like some nerd, but I feel I have to ask people to buy this game. I thought when I bought it it would be 2 hours every episode and I would be done. I was wrong. I have played back the game 3 times fully and some bits again and again, wether it was because I wanted to hear more interactions between characters and see different choices, or just to play a fun scene or battle again. It isnt alot for what you're getting especially thanks to its surprising replayability, get it to see the fully complete, epic, mysterious, and brutal tale of The Wolf Among Us!"
,Recommended,250320,10375640,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Troll Under The Bridge,"In the first few hours of playing this, I, the Big Bad Wolf, beat the crap out of Grendel while a troll watched on, in an attempt to get information out of him about the whereabouts of the Woodsman after he was accused of murdering Snow White.I am officially the Fairytale God. Bow to my glory."
,Recommended,250320,12006102,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sotha Chill,"Amazing game. The cinematic and storytelling effects are awesome. I enjoyed it, and so have many other people."
,Recommended,250320,19237937,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Alegis,"TellTale Games improved on their interactive story formula with the Wolf Among Us. Great setting with interesting story and characters, I enjoyed it even more than The Walking Dead."
,Recommended,250320,13914867,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,chickentoast,"This one is amazing. Had no background knowledge about the universe it plays in (the comic books), but the atmosphere and the characters will immediately pull you in. Mechanics are similar to the The Walking Dead games from Telltale, so if you had any love for them and if you like a dark story and antiheros, you will really enjoy this game.Plus the soundtrack is a piece of art."
,Recommended,250320,8304922,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,LVP,"This game is recommended!Though, there is not so much drama as in The Walking Dead, you can find this story very interesting!"
76561198017681447,Recommended,250320,20632306,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"To date this has been the best Telltale game I have played (although I loved walking dead 1 for the story), I felt I had even more choices with consequences to those choices in wolf. If you like story driven games then this one is worth the play through."
76561197990235466,Recommended,250320,22100247,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Freddo,The best I've played from Telltale.
76561198128920931,Recommended,250320,30354022,Posted: 6 March,all,StormRunner,So good! Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time.
,Recommended,250320,10665497,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sinnFeiN,"Totally like that world... graphic novels are nice, the game is just a perfect narration...read our reviews @http://www.adventurecorner.de/game/609/fables-the-wolf-among-us"
76561198024950406,Recommended,250320,20133486,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Purplecoyote,"I've had my eye on this game for a long time but only had the funds to buy it now, in the winter sale. And I must say I'm not dissapointed at all, what an absolute gem of a game.Absolutely beautiful to look at, interesting mystery, likeable anti-hero characters, lovely soundtrack. It has it all, 100% worth the money."
76561198006476640,Recommended,250320,11192669,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Morphy,Another one of Telltale's Walking Dead style adventure games where you spend most of your time making choices about what to say and do rather than solve puzzles. This time around Telltale have gone for a game based on the series of comic books the Fables. It is a classy game all really well done with cool graphics and music. Kind of like going through an interactive story rather than playing a game.
,Recommended,250320,17857186,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Travanoid,"Intriguing story, with many interesting characters to deal with. The Telltale art style is used extremely well, with harsh lighting selling the noire feel. Some of the choices felt impactful."
,Recommended,250320,14616203,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,EroticPotato,This game is awesome. Highly recommended if you like a compelling story and amazing characters. 10/10
,Recommended,250320,20795055,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,CB007,"The Wolf Among Us follow's the Telltale interactive storyformula that we've come to know and mostly enjoy over the years. Basic on the Fables comic series, which I'm not directly familiar with, the story has you in control of Bigby Wolf (Big Bad) Sheriff of Fabletown as you get to the bottom of a murder mystery involving many other famous characters from children's stories and sides of them you haven't seen before. You have the usual Telltale dialogue choices, which usually can be narrowed down to whether you're a good cop or reverting back to your Big Bad Wolf days of intimidation and violence. I didn't feel that the payoff for a lot of these decisions was all that interesting, which is no surprise with Telltale's history. But the overall story is enjoyable thanks especially to the interesting atmosphere of the characters and town. I want to note that I did have a surprising number of crashes during parts of the game, and lost progress occasionally, but with PC gaming it's hard to say whether it was the game's fault or not. All in all, definitely worth a play."
,Recommended,250320,9934448,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Tomiply,"This game was such a surprise. I never thought The Wolf Among Us could match The Walking Dead, but now I think it's even better. Dark, full of character and details, this is a game you should not miss out on."
,Recommended,250320,13598821,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nobody,I envy those who did not pass it yet.
,Recommended,250320,17012239,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SIЯ PHOTCH,"Great game, great plot.Everyone should have this one in their collection!"
,Recommended,250320,21568248,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Flechs,"I haven't had this much fun for a very long time.Pros:-Incredible, believable characters, some of them will huant you for weeks to come.-A great story with reach background. Worth checking the Book of Fables every now and then, it tells you a lot about the characters and the history of the community.-Great animation and art style, tbh this is what made me interested in the game in the first place.-Fun, interesting plot with a cool mystery to solve.-I'm a huge sucker for choose your story kind of games, so when I found out twau was this kind of game, I didn't even think twice, and man, Telltales does it in this game so well. I can assure you, you will definitely want to play it more than just once.-The story has it's own dark aspects and is dealing with mature ideas and philosophies. There's some light gore here and there, which, in my opinion added a lot to the atmosphere of the game. Certainly not a kids' game.-Shows you the stats of the rest of the players - what they picked, what they did etc.-You will want to play season 2.Cons:-The game is slightly buggy. Around chapter 4\5 the options show you ""this option is blank!"". If it happens just restart the game or you will end up jumping from part to part. It took me a good minute to realise it was a bug.-Like I said, there's very light ""gore"" in here, but it's not anything that can actually bother most to all people.-[GLASS HIM]-You will want to play season 2 and it wasn't even announced yet!I instantly fell in love with the game, the idea, the story, and the characters. If it's hard for you to let go of Fable Town as I am, there are 11 years worth of comics out there and at least three novels based on the original comics. The Wolf Among Us isn't all there is :)"
76561197976675214,Recommended,250320,9830638,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Mishkin,"As a long time ""Fables"" reader, I've looked forward to playing this game since rumors of it first surfaced. As is oftentimes the norm with Telltale Games, they release the story in episodes as they complete them, with Episode 3 being the most recent.  The episodes are not very long and can each be finished in under 2 hours, but they are written well and the story is compelling, especially for Fables fans. The game isn't 100% consistent with the comicbook series, but remains true to the foundation and character relationships as they were earlier on in the series. The only thing I was a little let down by is the voice of Bigby, who doesn't sound quite rigid and rough as I had always imagined him. However, the voice actor for Bigby still does a very good job and all the other voice actors fit almost perfectly. I think this is a must play for any Fables fans as well as comicbook fans in general. I'm looking forward to playing the remaining chapters that are released.Edit:Having finished the final chapters, I can say that this game only gets better. The choices you've made throughout the game are referenced at various points and have a noticable impact on the story. The narrative is interesting, intense, and satisfying. I definitely recommend this game if you're looking for a casual game where you can sit back and become engrossed in a good story full of surprises and events that can make you question your morals."
76561198057038754,Recommended,250320,11239076,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,c_log,"Great game, story, art, music, gameplay, everything. If you liked the last of us, play this. It has everthing you could want in a game. ( ok maybe it doesn't have nude cyborg ninja girls but still)"
76561197968785560,Recommended,250320,8211610,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TOG | guided by voices,"One of the reasons I enjoy a good game is for the story it tells, and The Wolf Among Us is a stand out. Beautiful art, engrossing characters and a noir setting combined with fairy stories make for a uniquely thrilling and at times emotive journey. Brilliant work by TTG, thanks for making such a great game!"
,Recommended,250320,11138620,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Joe Salad,Brother's grimm fairy tales come to life in a detective noir story that will keep you guessing till the very end.10/10
76561198114653191,Recommended,250320,9015564,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Mr. Dwarf Bangity Bang,"did you like the walking dead, well it is highly likely that you will love the wolf among us. i have read some of the comic books (from which the game was inspired) and tell tale was able to recreate that wolrd and characters perfectly!! this game brings you into a wolrd where fables risk their lives everyday to keep their identities secret from the mundane world. sheriff bigby wolf is '' trying to keep a bunch of fables from killing each other'' as he states in the game himself. the colours and the jazzy type music are just stupendous you are immediately immerged into this game. in the walking dead there was not so much of action while in the wolf among us there is♥♥♥♥♥♥load of action....and mystery too. the cliffhangers are as usual just like in the walking dead, surprising and you cant really wait a month or more to play the next episode!! the wolf among us is one of my favourite games right now and i hope it'll be the same for you :D"
76561198002686771,Recommended,250320,8042254,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Kamule,This is an amazing game that engaged me and made me not want to stop playing the interactions were intuitive and the art is creative like all other Talltale games.
76561198006773157,Recommended,250320,11145942,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,darwinian~nightmare,"As good as the ""The Walking Dead""-Games. To be honest - I found this to be even better than TWD. Bigby is such an exquisitely drawn character, no matter how you play him... love it!"
76561197979660934,Recommended,250320,10811226,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Idem,"I didnt read the comics ""Fables"" so I can't tell if it respects the comics.I've played The Walking Dead from this studio and I was really curious about this.For the moment I think it is better than TWD. First of all the style is gorgeous, the colors, the animation on the face, all of this is really nicely done. I really have the impression to watch a movie, but hey , a really awesome movie, the shots are great, some slow motion at the right time... You don't get bored, and the QTE are not like in Heavy rain, they have a meaning :DAs far as I am ( chapter 5 not released yet) the story is fascinating. I don't know if the choice that you made will really change a lot the final ending ( like in TWD), but I had a great time playing it. They tell tales and good ones.Can't wait for their next series ( Game of Thrones, Tales from the Borderlands)!"
,Recommended,250320,13440894,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Daggerfeet,"The mechanics and storytelling style are definitely not my usual style, but I LOVE THIS.I didn't know anything about the OIP when I picked this up, but now I'm really interested in Fables. The setting/story is just great. I'm really looking forward to getting the full run.Fables is a pretty grimdark property and this is a great introduction to the world, I feel. Really excited for s2."
,Recommended,250320,18410182,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,see you next friday,I found a pig in my apartment. I gave my drink to the pig.10/10 - Would give my drink to a pig again.
76561197993402955,Recommended,250320,22118882,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bring back Psychic Force,good
,Recommended,250320,18093333,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Eater of Dreams,"While not as DEVASTATINGLY EMOTIONAL (thank god) as the Walking Dead series, this is one cool as hell mystery that combines some very mature noir sensibilities with fairy tale characters. That alone is pretty much enough to sell it to me, and it delivers on the promise of dark, gritty twists on classic characters while also involving you deeply in the world around as it unveils itself right along with the mystery you're tracking.It's mature and has plenty of adult themes, but it doesn't indulge in these things just for the sake of them. The darker content fits very well with the sleazy underworld it's showing to you, and the writing and acting are consistently excellent from start to finish. Mystery, black humour, sudden brutal violence, and a great cast of weird, slightly crazy characters makes this one of the most enjoyable worlds to dive into in recent years. Telltale really knows how to capture a fictional setting well, so if you're into point and click adventures with emphasis on story over puzzles, you can't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,250320,8190449,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Uro ★,"Zombies too spooky for you? Into crime dramas? WorriedSam and MaxSeason 4 will never come? Just like inThe Walking Dead, it's a game where the points don't matter, but your choices do. With a radical noire art style and an interesting, gritty, and modern fairy tail premise,The Wolf Among Usstarts off what I hope to be a strong season of adventure games.I haven't read the comic,Fables, but even with a couple awkward gaps in knowledge, the game somewhat makes up for any missed knowledge with hints on ""correct"" choices if the player is willing to explore enough. There are also character briefings provided for the player as you progress though the game. As a fan of the TV seriesOnce Upon a Time, the setting is familiar and interesting, of a community living in hiding, but dealing with the same problems you'd expect in any drama as well as what you'd see in any fable or fairy tale. Except unlike inOnce Upon a Time, brutality is common in this world.The music is also fantastic.If you're willing to risk investing in the episodic model and grim fairy tales or crime dramas are your thing, this is as good as cinematic adventure games get. I can't wait to play Episode 2, which is predicted to come out in January."
,Recommended,250320,11177930,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Invisible Man,I've become a real fan of telltale games lately and this is another nice addition to their collection. Its an Interesting game and art style.  Its collection of fable/grimm type characters and story took a little while to grow on me but once it did i really enjoyed it. Where the game really succeeds for me is the middle chapters and beginning to join the dots between the murders in town and making the tough decisions to protect those who are possibly escaping their stereotypes or the tough situations they have fallen into to get by in this new world.
76561198003010829,Recommended,250320,11497916,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Jean Kirstein,The art style is just so damn smooth! And that theme tune! And a pretty killer detective story with a sociological study on poverty! Sweetness
,Recommended,250320,20682886,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,TheBowWowers,"Got 2 things on my mind after i finished the game, link below to go into detail about it:http://steamcommunity.com/app/250320/discussions/0/458606877318889178/"
76561198087106906,Recommended,250320,11918933,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,madi pas,This game is awsome and good :)
,Recommended,250320,14916352,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,LORIBBER,I guess i come right on the point.I Love this game! One of the better SP games i own.11/10 would recommend
,Recommended,250320,20428855,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,lixo wall,tried to toast a guy end up smashing the glass in his face by acident 1231321/10
,Recommended,250320,20270029,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CaseyMae3,"Recently purchased and completed The Wolf Among Us. I absolutely loved the storyline it had and you can't go wrong with how much fighting there was (in comparison to The Walking Dead games). However, this game feltveryshort; you could easily finish the season within a week, a few short days, or even a day-long binge session.Still, I highly recommend it if you are a fan of Telltale's interactive story games, the Fables comic series, fantasy genre, and fairytales in general."
,Recommended,250320,10257280,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,mariocart,10/10 good game
,Recommended,250320,11813831,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Origo,"Again, Telltale bring us an amazing adventure game where all your choices actually matters and keep you on your toes during 5 episodes !Get it now and play as ""Bigby the Big Bad Wolf""."
,Recommended,250320,9045340,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,o|-} Scotsman,"Awesome game, Lovely Graphics, Inspirtational story with a twist tailored by you!"
76561198023188755,Recommended,250320,10907062,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,riverfront20,"It's fantastic.  I love it so far, this game is better than almost any show on TV, and there are a lot of great shows."
,Recommended,250320,10982483,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Neidii,"I absolutely love this game! I wasn't expecting it to be so interesting. The whole dark spin on the fairly tales, it's just great. I love the main character, a once bad guy trying to be good? Love it! This is like watching a tv series but you get to chose what you say! I want this to be 20 episodes long, unfortunately I know it wont. Anyway, I have nothing negative to say about it, love everything about it. A simple point and click, but mostly cut scene and dialogue driven game."
,Recommended,250320,10830049,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Branco,"Telltale Games is making excellent titles, including this one. Very good argument and an interesting story. Good narrative and gameplay. Keep more of this coming!"
76561198121325933,Recommended,250320,11201689,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Gem,"I have to start by confessing my dirty little secret - I am a huge fan of graphic novels, and the Fables series sits firmly in second place of my favourites list (right behind Neil Gaiman's Sandman series). I was therefore excited and nervous in equal shares about picking up and playing this game - these are characters I have known and loved for several years, thrown into a new medium. Let's face it: I was either going to love it or hate it.I loved it. I've just finished it - around 10 hours of pretty much straight through gameplay. I was hooked the whole time. I'm already thinking about booting it up to play it again. What if I'd made X choice instead of Y? What if I hadn't ripped someone's throat out? What if I had thrown that guy down a well? Etc., etc.,...!Anyway, to the game itself. It's an immersive blend of reading a book, playing a game and watching a film. There's very little to be done in the way of first-person character control, but that's not what this game is about. It's all about making quick decisons and watching how the consequences play out - what you decide to do and when you do it really does change the direction that the story goes in. Your actions do spread through into the later story - your decisions really can come back to haunt you!The gameplay is extremely simple; ""point and click"" with limited controls to learn, though there are elements where your reactions do come into play, usually to click the mouse or press a certain key. The game does ""hand-hold"" you; it pretty much just walks you through what needs to be done, but not everything is predetermined - your decisions are key and you don't resent the lack of being able to wander around ""sandbox style"", this really isn't that sort of game. Experienced gamers and novices are put on equal footing, as there's nothing competitive about this game. It's all about decisions and consequences and character interaction. So, if you're wanting to go running around freely blasting stuff, this probably isn't for you. But then, if you're looking for cutesy fairy stories, you won't find them here either; this game is not for the easily offended! These fairy tale characters are into all of the mundane vices you'd care to name, and you can really buy into the world rendered here, despite mentions of magic mirrors, trolls, witches, talking animals and an alcoholic winged monkey who works as a librarian...The artwork is gorgeous, all of the characters look like they stepped straight out of the books I've read time and again. The ""comic book"" styling associated with the graphic novels translates wonderfully into a gritty film noir atmosphere. It nicely compliments these familiar fantasy characters having to make the best of the mundane world. The sound track is brilliantly woven into the animation it accompanies, and the vocal acting is spot on. The next time I read the Fables series I'll be hearing the character's voices as represented here, it was so convincing. The game makers have studied their source material extremely well and it shows. Well done guys, you get an A+ for doing your homework properly.One of my favourite features of the game is that the lines between good and evil are so blurred you'll soon find your moral standards shifting all over the place - one decision might have you giving money to a hard-luck hooker to help her out, but in the next scene you might choose to rip someone's arm off. You can choose, in a way, who to help and who to save. You will question whether you made the right decision, but the beautiful part is being able to play this again to make all different decisions and see where the game takes you next time.The only minor negative with this game for me (and it really is me nitpicking) is that there are a couple of minor bugs in chapters 4 and 5 that meant a few scenes played out of order, but resetting to my last save point fixed that with relatively little bother. And, if you're into earning your achievements, then I'm afraid all the ones available in this game are story-related, so the ""achievements"" actually feel pretty arbitrary as all you have to do get them is play through the story a couple of times. That aside, unlocking and reading the character profiles is a nice touch and some of the content is taken straight from the Fables books, another indicator of the accuracy of this game that will appeal to Fables fans.Despite my enthusing about the series, though, you really don't have to be a Fables fan to play this game - in fact, it makes a great introduction to the series as it's really a prequel to the books. If you are familiar with the series, you should be more than happy to add this game to your library and play through it to see these wonderful characters come to life. If you're not familiar with the series, even if you're not into graphic novels, you might well get some twisted enjoyment from seeing your childhood fairytale characters in a grim and gritty re-rendering, such as ""Georgie Porgie, pudding and pie, kissed the girls and made them cry""... and is now a seedy tattoed pimp who runs the Pudding 'N Pie strip club.My major decision now is whether to go and read the books again, or replay the game... it's that good, it makes me want to go straight back to the world of Fabletown all over again. It's like a fantastic film/tv adaption that immediately makes you want to re-read a much loved book. As I say, I've just finished the game and I can't wait to play it through a second time.In fact, I'm going to stop typing this review and go play the game again. If anyone wants me, I'll be out of touch for the next ten hours or so. Possibly twenty, if I decide I want to make a third set of choices..."
,Recommended,250320,13397859,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Commander Llama,"Another great visual comic game by Telltale.  As mentioned in my Walking Dead review, you need to be down for this level of (or lack of) gameplay, but assuming that...Fabletown was a cool, grungy place to visit, and it was a refreshing change to play in a less well known universe.  The main plot's investigation was an interesting way to use the Telltale engine.  Kudos in particular to the excellent art direction and noir soundtrack.  I'm going to be humming the prologue and intro tracks for months to come......Hopefully Season Two will be around by then?"
,Recommended,250320,9029755,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Zoveria,"An extremely fun game that will have you sitting on the edge of your seat. If you're a fan of Disney, Supernatural beings, Fables and Telltale games such as the Walking Dead series, then this is the game for you. Based off the 'Fable' Comic Books, this game is fantastic and extremely addictive. And only the first two episodes are out, that says a lot.Compared to the Walking Dead series, decisions  in The Wolf Among Us ACTUALLY affect the storyline in a big way. And depending on what choices you make, certain chapters of the story and episode are changed. Deciding on where to go, who to see, investigate and what you say to people make a BIG difference in how the storyline plays out.This is one of my favourite games that I have played simply based on these reasons. And who doesn't love being able to interact with their favourite fable characters?"
,Recommended,250320,14709970,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Nighthawk,"PresentationProbably most of today's adults grew up with stories about Snow White and the seven dwarfs or the Little Red Riding Hood and the wolf that was after her, making The Wolf Among Us' background known to almost everybody. Later on, DC Comics decided to publish Fables, a comic book about those same characters from everyone's childhood and explain what happened to them after their stories ended. So now the fables, as they are called, live in New York, hiding from the others using glamour, a spell that allows them to take human form, allowing them to blend in with the rest of the humans. In The Wolf Among Us you play as the Big Bad Wolf from all the stories you knew as a kid, but this time around he is no longer the heartless beast you knew, as you can see that he regrets his past and the fact that most of the other characters hate him or at least fear him. Now he is the sheriff of Fabletown, home to most fables and following the recent events he must investigate the murder of one of the fables, something that will lead him to all kinds of places and make him lose control of his temper sometimes, showing you that no matter how much he tries he will always be the Big Bad Wolf inside, but kicking everyone's butt along the journey while smoking a cigarette, similar to another DC character, John Constantine, isn't a bad thing, as it will take you on an unforgettable experience in the steps of the Big Bad Wolf, allowing you to take decisions that will influence the outcome of certain events and characters, similar to what you have seen already in The Walking Dead.Rating: 9GameplayThis is a Telltale game, so before anything expect consequences for every decision you take, as dialogue and conversation is an essential part of The Wolf Among Us' gameplay, as it will influence the outcome of certain events, scenes and change the approach that a character might have the next time he or she will speak to you. Of course choices can also be as small as telling someone a lie or hiding a piece of information from them, but from time to time you will also encounter instances where you have to choose who will you go after or even where you want to go first, something that may offer you different outcomes on some events, while other times just missing one little piece of information, without affecting how the puzzle looks in the end. Unlike Game of Thrones where people you kill stay dead, here just like in any comic book, the characters can look dead and yet come back without a problem, and while I understand that Fables are hard to kill you are never truly sure as what will kill it and what will only leave a mark on these characters unless the game tell you exactly that, otherwise anything can be considered to leave just a scratch, such as an axe in someone's skull. Just like in other Telltale titles before it, gathering information and looking around is done in the same way, by clicking dots that appear around you in order to check out an item or interact with a certain character, which may lead to an important clue or just a pointless item that your character will have something to say about.Rating: 9GraphicsThe graphic style used by Telltale nowadays fits this game perfectly since it is based on a comic book and while it had some stutters and rare glitches, those cannot prevent you from enjoying the amazing story that The Wolf Among Us has to tell. The characters look amazing and crafted following the world from which they come from, and putting them all together in such a miserable environment that is Fabletown with all of its problems shows a new side of each one of them, different from the one you remember from the stories.Rating: 8.5AudioThe Wolf Among Us shares a lot of the voice actors with The Walking Dead, which is only for the best as they provide high quality voice acting and give unique personalities to their respective characters, and while long term Telltale fans will easily recognize their voices, the way in which they have been cast makes each actor take over a character that suits him or her perfectly. The soundtrack fits the theme perfectly, and while the game does feel like it's missing a few extra tunes here and there, the quality of the overall audio makes up for it.Rating: 9ExtrasThis time around Telltale decided to offer some replay value in the form of Fable Entries and some achievements that come with them, and since most of the episodes have entries that you can miss the first time around since you can take different routes and visit different places depending on your choices, the game is worth another playthrough eventually.Rating: 8.5VerdictThe Wolf Among Us proved that Telltale Games is more than a one hit wonder thanks to the huge success of The Walking Dead, as The Wolf Among Us takes every great aspect of that game and finds a place for it into the world of Fables, crafting with it an amazing world full of unforgettable experiences and a story worth following every minute.Rating Overall: 8.8Check out the full review and a lot more about The Wolf Among Us athttp://gamedragons.net/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=313"
,Recommended,250320,15871228,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Gorilla Bear,"Telltale’s recent foray into the comic book world of Fables is wildly successful and maintains their reputation as being one of the best companies for video game adaptations of popular media. The Wolf Among Us is an excellent multilayered mystery narrative that involves all your favorite fairy tale characters in a much darker context than you remember them. Like most Telltale games it’s more interactive story than game, one that is pretty much set on a predetermined path, but the specific choices you make can lead to some pretty crazy variations here and there and the final episode's last few minutes are still a subject of considerable debate among fans. If you're looking for a casual story-driven game with a cool art style you should pick this game up; prior knowledge of the Fables universe isn't necessary but I suppose it doesn't hurt."
,Recommended,250320,11226574,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,PhatCarrot,"Just because you enjoyed The Walking Dead does not mean you'll enjoy this. That's not to say this is worse than TWD, or better, it's simply different. For me personally, I really enjoyed this game. While the overall gameplay mechanics are familiar, the story, tone, art style and choices are quite a depart from TWD. Don't elt that deter you though, it's abosloultely worth playing. I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to be deeply invested in the messed up lives of Fabletown. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,11486799,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Maksim Z.,"surveyRus and engengThe final episode of ""The Wolf Among Us"" have proven to me, that Telltale writers can add a lot of depth and complexity to even a simple story. A lot of seemingly insignificant choices you make throughout the game end up having big consequences.And by the end, just when you think that you got it all figured out, with but a single phrase they deliver another twist that makes you look at everything that happened in a new light. Well done, Telltale and Bigby.RusФинальный, пятый эпизод The Wolf Among Us, убедил меня, что в Telltale работают ребята, которые могут рассказывать простые истории так, что в итоге все оказывается ой как непросто. Многие не значимые выборы на протяжении четырех эпизодов оказываются важными, а многие ""простушки"" оказываются значительно сложнее, чем вы могли подумать.При этом, в самом конце, когда все уже встало на свои места, Telltale продолжает крутить игроком вокруг пальца и одной фразой дает пересмотреть все события, что имели место с самого начала. Браво, Telltale и БигБи."
,Recommended,250320,29016038,Posted: 4 January,all,Thompson www.CSGOBonus.club,"'What a tender young creature! what a nice plump mouthful.""Dreamlike 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,13507102,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gaup,"First of all, this game is a Telltale game, so your expectations must be about story, dialogue, an absorbing and immersive world and non-frustrating QTEs. And this game doesn't fail to deliver any of the above. As someone who also played BAck to the Future, TWD and Sam&Max, this title would be my first choice as the best game of Telltale. Here is a little list of pros and cons to explain myself better:Pros:Great storyline and charactersAbsorbing worldRare but well-done fight scenesGreat artistic designAbility to choosePolished and bug-freeQTEs not over doneOverall well-pacedCons:Clunky controls as alwaysNot so often but some QTEs feel clunky tooSome choices don't affect the game, at least for this seasonInventory system has no usageNo puzzles to solveAs I said, imo this game is the best so far delivered by Telltale despite its flaws. When you finish one episode you can't wait for the next, and after finishing the whole season you really want a new season to get more of it."
76561197998352471,Recommended,250320,11141170,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,The Shaurmshik,ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ SEASON 2 or RIOT ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
,Recommended,250320,12112745,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Fugue,"I first found out about this game on the floor of PAX Prime. The concepts seemed aligned with what Telltale does well, and they definitely made me curious...After playing the game I can say I wasn't disappointed! While the interface is of course similar to their other titles, the story and characters felt very different. Playing as Bigby (The Big Bad Wolf), the sheriff of Fabletown, you have  a murder mystery on your hands... and, oh yeah, the fables haven't exactly forgiven you for your Grandma eating antics with Red Riding Hood years back.It is a Telltale game, so if you aren't a fan, there isn't anything that will you change you in favor of the episodic genre they are creating, but if you are, or want to find a captivating adult story with an adventure interface, check this one out!"
76561197964626206,Recommended,250320,8320861,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Transientmind,"This game rocks♥♥♥♥♥  The art direction and the ambient sound, plus musical score... just gives this an amazing atmosphere.  The interaction handles much better than The Walking Dead, too.  They really lifted their game for it, and the Fables universe really scratches an itch.Cannot recommend enough.  I'm already playing it through multiple times."
,Recommended,250320,10938430,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BombJack,"Excellent. Simple to play, but very well done and involving. Shame the source is a graphic novel, and not massively overpriced otherwise I would buy that too. Highly recommended - though perhaps I would have waited for all of the episodes to be released so I could play them all through in one hit"
,Recommended,250320,10340420,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Dyronius the Conqueror,10/10
,Recommended,250320,24916076,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,OceanMan,"really chill game and one of my favourite telltale games releasesamazing story, in need of a sequal10/10"
76561198071014601,Recommended,250320,20133792,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dicktator815,"- Start the game- Finish it- Feel that there is now a huge gap in your life- Fill that gap by reading the comics (they are just so damn good, seriously the game is amazing but it's just the beginning)-Telltale, juste make a f***ing sequel already"
,Recommended,250320,24919746,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,mrcodemonkey,"Great characters, fun and intriguing story! This was my first TellTale game and I found myself enjoying it much more than I thought I would."
,Recommended,250320,13723354,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SmaugTheGolden,"Mirror, mirror, blah blah able... blah blah blah about this Fable."
76561198160776586,Recommended,250320,17098692,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Heather_Dianne,"The Wolf Among Us was one of the best games I have ever played. I finished all five episodes in a total of 11 hours over the course of maybe a week and a half. During my first playthrough, I made the ""good"" choices for the main character, Bigby Wolf. And after seeing the outcomes of what happened, I want to play again and make new choices for the character. And yes, maybe I loved this game as much as I did because I am a huge fairytale fan, especially for shows and movies like 'Once Upon A Time'. This game reminded me of that show a lot but Tell Tale Games added the nitty gritty and violence that was needed for this game. It was entertaining until the very end and it made me wonder, ""what the heck just happened?"" at the ending. And I sincerly hope that Tell Tale Games is creating a Season 2 for this series. I would definitely pay for that. Although I bought this game during a sale, knowing how amazing this game is, I would've paid full price if I hadn't waited. 10/10."
,Recommended,250320,11160177,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,feargm,"Absolutely fantastic in every way. The mechanics are just like the ones inThe Walking Dead, the story on the other hand is utterly different. You play in the world ofFablesasBigby, the Sheriff of Fabletown. I won't get into details over how the story goes because it's based on the player's choices. The soundtrack and presentation are just spot on, the characters and the dialogue are also awesome. The plot twists within the game contain this gem's biggest surprises, and are more than worth experiencing. Another true monument of a story driven game.9.6/10.0"
,Recommended,250320,32733756,Posted: 24 June,all,UFO_boxing,"In The Wolf Among Us you play as Bigby Wolf, the sheriff of Fabletown, a community formed by characters from story books. Here, you have to solve a mystery as the representant of the law, and you can choose how do you wanna treat the people, and in return, the characters will be hostile or friendly towards us.In the end of the game the repercussions of your decisions are shown and you can have different endings depending on that.Certainly its a great game! One of the best of Telltale's!"
,Recommended,250320,11162306,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Spiratic,i love the walking dead telltale series and i have once again fallen in love with another of their games. The Wolf Among Us. My god is this game great not just with its fun interactive action scenes but story and mystery all mixed into one beautiful game that brings the fable comics to life. This game is for anyone interested in a great story that lets you decide the fate of others and yourself included. i give this game a 9/10 just for its sheer consequences when you make a quick decisive decision :) be sure to check it out if you have the money and time.
76561198074057695,Recommended,250320,32694419,Posted: 23 June,all,Jachangirl94,"What a great job from Telltale!The Story of Bigby Wolf the detective in the faible world is magical and on the other hand very actionpacked and absorbing. Usually I am not a really big fan of detective storys but this one was really good with many fascinating characters of the grimms fairytales and other famous characters, after they had their happy end...or not.I really liked the style of it and the story was as good as usual - with joy I can give this gem a thumb up!"
,Recommended,250320,19727393,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Al3sh4 ♥ RONIEX,Best game ever10/10
76561198121807413,Recommended,250320,32720399,Posted: 24 June,all,Kanyram,"I have just started playing this game and so far I really love it!The storyline is great, the characters are great.. etc. etc.blahblah10/10"
,Recommended,250320,31576061,Posted: 6 May,all,Deputy Dangle,"Mirror Mirror,If there is any reason, why not release another season?*Shows Bigby a copy of Walking Dead Season 3*"
,Recommended,250320,26723356,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ƒεƒε,"Just another great game from TellTale's Studios.I didn't know about the comic books but now i'm interested by it.Don't hesitate, buy the game and appreciate it."
76561198013788951,Recommended,250320,29134407,Posted: 8 January,all,WaRQueeN ♥ Ry,"One of the best games I have ever played.. Right now I am sooo sad that there isn't a second season and I really don't understand why :(((( There is nothing boring about this game. Characters are interesting and well adapted, the story is really well woven and captivating, graphics are great, fights and other stuff are really well balanced, point and click mechanics are good (as they allow you to move around with keyboard and mouse like a third person game, it doesnt even feel like point and click. Also the same about fight mechanics) voice acting and animations are also so good that I felt like I was watching a tv show. Once you start playing this game you cannot stop! I found only 2 minor cons about this game. Sometimes camera angle makes it hard to see some stuff but not a big deal. And there is a time limit to make a choice between the dialogues. Sometimes you need to be fast and it can be a problem if english is not your native language or you are a slow reader. Well english is not my native language either but I didnt have trouble with it :)Just buy the game and give it a try ;)"
76561198321394819,Recommended,250320,27587034,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ultimatecubsfan,"Definetly need to buy if you love a fantastic story, or you just want crazy plot twists. This is one of the best Tell Tale Games ever."
,Recommended,250320,20815812,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,dog lord,"Engaging and fun. I wish the final episode had been better written, and I expected more answers.Still, 4/5!"
,Recommended,250320,22138090,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,koral06,"This game is based off of a graphic novel series that features characters from old fairy tales, that are now living among the regular humans in New York city. The main character that you play is a wolf named Bigby Wolf albeit he is in human form most of the game. He's for the most part a cynical sheriff that is assigned to solve cases and take care of minor disputes. If you have ever seen the show ""Once upon a time"" on T.V., it's similar to that concept only this one is rated R.Basically the whole game is based around one murder case you must solve. This is heavily based on the player's decisions, as well the player can choose from different answers and sometimes other characters will react to different answers. I really love the dialogues in the this game which is humorous and entertaining. You can really get into the different characters of this game. The game style is very similar to D4: Dark Dreams don't die if you have happened to play that.The acutal gameplay is really simple. Even in investigating crime scenes it's pretty obvious what you have to look at. There's no heavy action play, you just have to be a bit fast in clicking A,S,D and W. Movement of the character is a bit awkward. I don't know if that's because of a cross platform issue (not sure which platform came out first), or if that's just how they are made to be. Actually this would have been an excellent game to play on my Xbox One but the steam sale made it so cheap!The ending actually left me with wanting to play more. I would definetly recommend this game. I'm tempted to see if I can find the graphic novels just to see what his original chioces are compared to my own chioces."
,Recommended,250320,11140699,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Superscalar,"INCREDIBLE. The style, the story, the characters, all 10/10. A few very minor issues such as some vague dialogue choices and occasionally disjointed action sequences, but nothing that sours the game in any way. Roughly 7 hours long, but I wish it was longer. Please let there be a season 2!!"
,Recommended,250320,23645124,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Diemrfly,The Wolf Among UsPretty much a messed up version of classic fairy tale characters you grew up reading about.I really enjoyed this game. It's left me hoping for another season just so the story doesn't have to end.7.5/10Would pick on someone not my own size again.
,Recommended,250320,13151401,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AK|Ghost|A,"*This* Close to perfect for me, unfortunately had a game breaking bug near the end (Which only required a restart, but still...), if it doesn't happen to you then you have one hell of a time.TellTale have outdone themselves. 9.5/10"
76561198049574345,Recommended,250320,11195408,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Capain,It´s a good game. Go get it.
,Recommended,250320,11386514,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Super Salty Littlefingers,The Wolf Among Us.....Telltale's finest work so far.
,Recommended,250320,11141084,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,JustSayMeow,I think this game is absolutely brilliant.. It's amazing in any ways. I'm not a fan of fables but wow.. Everything seems perfect here :) 100% Score ^^
76561198051859876,Recommended,250320,11427498,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Milky Mongol,"Ichigo Kurosaki ""A breath of fresh air *in the point and click genre*"""
,Recommended,250320,10954748,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,shweenz,"This game brings what The Walking Dead series has lacked--a great setting full of flavor, a very strong story that has a beginning and end, a whole lot of intrigue and discovery, etc. I LOVE both, but this game beats TWD for me, and I was pleasantly surprised. I truly feel as though I am creating a story and drastically impacting the tone of it, where in TWD I felt like I was just managing relationships. The setting is interesting, full of history, and it is all in the background for the most part. The story is intense, with somewhat frequent actions sequences and a great feeling of risk-reward scenarios, and you are truly shaping how Bigby--the Big Bad Wolf--is seen among society and how people react to him. 10/10 so far (still waiting for 5)."
,Recommended,250320,10962910,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fã clube pedro soares gediel,10/10Would love to have alzheimer and play the game for the first time everyday.
,Recommended,250320,14964240,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Usandru,"An excellent Noir story with a compelling aesthetic, good characters and impressive writing.My only real criticism is that the story is very ""American"", and that the characters in large part are more defined by their Noir-story American archetypes than their originating fables, which unfortunately causes the otherwise interesting setting conceit to be somewhat buried beneath the genre trappings. I ultimately found this particularly true for the main characters, Snow and Bigby, who felt like they had almost none of their original fable character traits left, replaced entirely by Noir archetypes."
,Recommended,250320,11477219,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Ronin,"If you've played a Telltale game before you know what to expect here but within the context of these types of games I feel certain aspects in The Wolf Among Us are better polished than other offerings from the developer. Take for example the transitions from one scene to the next, and the facial animations; they're executed extremely well in comparison to many of Telltale's other games.Besides that the world of fables within The Wolf Among Us is extremely intriguing and the game as a whole touches on many mature themes and problems with modern society while still being ultimately grounded in a fantasy world and allowing the player to step in the shoes of the big bad wolf.From my perspective if you want a thrill ride like The Walking Dead you're looking at the wrong game, but if you want a better told more interesting story intended for a more mature individual you should buy The Wolf Among us. It doesn't hurt that the action sequences available within the game are ultimately better executed as well, you just have to be patient sometimes before you get to them."
76561198096677654,Recommended,250320,10275218,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Oho Ho Ho?,Best game ever!
,Recommended,250320,11250925,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,uak,its intense
76561197969451188,Recommended,250320,11167382,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"7/10The Good:Just as The Walking Dead, this game is a point and click adventure. The story is interesting, entertaining and morally ambigious. It is how the player reacts to the moral questions that decides where the story is going.The Bad:One of the biggest shortcomings of this game is its limited interactivity. Sometimes you seemingly just listen to conversations and watch events unfold for minutes at a time, without having the chance to effect change. Worse, even when given the chance to make a choice, it is often only cosmetic. The other problem I had were the numerous quick time events, they felt simplistic, and a contrived way to create tension.The Verdict:The story and moral choices are what makes this game entertaining. Though the game struggles to offer meaningful interactivity in many situations, and is a tad heavy on the quick time events. I hope Tell Tale Games can look to their excellent Walking Dead Season I to improve upon that in the next season for Wolf Among Us. Don't think its worth the full price, but definitely worth a consideration when it is on sale."
76561198032331972,Recommended,250320,10464017,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Angelicwings,"A 'howling' good time, bad puns aside another great story from telltale games filled with quick-time events, various consequential choices and in-depth characters. The wolf among us Is full of humorous, sad and angry situations definitly recommend."
,Recommended,250320,11413752,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,TH3WHIT3D3VIL,"I've played the walking dead series and those games are truly awesome, great story and an overall fulfilling experince. I'm sure we all grew up watching some sort of ""fable"" or what have you or at the least we understand who they are. For example, the big bad wolf, snow white, three little pigs, etc. Now imagine them all in an adult like setting pretty much fighting crime and/or  being the main cause of it, to me that is just a well thought of way to incorporate our childhood to adulthood and that is what ""The Wolf Among Us"" has done. If you enjoyed those stories as a child do yourself a favor and play this game."
,Recommended,250320,8991148,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Proud Blackman,if im lucky enough ill get to finish this game by next 2017!
,Recommended,250320,12725043,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ibhoe,This game was so much more than i Expected. i look forward to playing it again a few more times trying some of the different scenearios.
,Recommended,250320,13557927,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Madcoil,It leaves you wanting more. A fantastic game in almost every aspect. Buy or GTFO!!
,Recommended,250320,14194427,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,PeZuS,"Great story, deep characters, top-notch writing, very good music. Overall another excellent game from Telltale."
,Recommended,250320,9798068,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,h(danny)illary c(devito)linton,buy this instead of twdgs2
76561198032415948,Recommended,250320,11180122,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Tamamo No Mae,"Great Game,great story and many choises to make."
76561198043162371,Recommended,250320,12460247,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Rhysha,If you like to create your own story while playing the game then buy it. The game really reflects you that dark/noir theme. The replayability is high. The story is touching written so well. The gameplay is similar to the walking dead series (Only better). I totally recommend this game IF you enjoyed TWD series.
76561198082070144,Recommended,250320,18191910,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Regency12,"Playing this game reminded me of why I love taletell games. The story is amazing, there is little gameplay but if you go into this expecting lots of gameplay I'm worried for you. This will want to make you play more talltale games.10/10"
76561197967059091,Recommended,250320,11158445,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Defectiv,"Picked this game up during the summer sale and installed it right after episode 5 was released.  Needless to say, I played it all the way through in one sitting because the game was so good.  Having previously enjoyed Walking Dead, this game has similar gameplay but with a totally different storyline that I didn't really know about till I started playing.  The storyline kept me interested and wanting to know what was going to happen next.Great pick up for anyone who likes a choose your path story telling game with amazing graphics and some good humor mixed in.  Can't wait for Season 2 to come out."
76561197989360917,Recommended,250320,11168211,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Barge,"A truly great game, addressed a lot of the annoying issues in other Telltale games, the storyline is flexible and amazing. Probably about 10-12 hours of awesome depending on how much you play through to see different story paths"
,Recommended,250320,16531383,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Grizz,Another masterpiece fromTelltale Games. Story is set in the town where are living fables. Main plot is about underground of this fable society and is quite interesting and well written. Story setting remind me theOnce Upon a Timetv show.
76561197996495812,Recommended,250320,11326118,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,a9henrik,"Well i bought this game on sale, and the truth is i'm regretting that.... PLS LET ME BUY IT AT FULL PRICE!!!Veredict: 10/10Telltale games are growing and they are becoming the best games i own on my steam library"
76561198254881097,Recommended,250320,29681572,Posted: 3 February,all,_alex039_,Excellent storyline! Amazing graphics! Catchy soundtrack! Love it!
76561198069822171,Recommended,250320,18468036,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Crystal Gem,Kill them. Kill them all.
76561198066932779,Recommended,250320,13742521,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[OWND] MyBalls,A really impressive child of moral heavy detective storys and video gaming.Perfetly put together. I recomend it to everyone just only because of the experience.
,Recommended,250320,11209811,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Shoween,"Fantastic game. I honestly didn't expect to enjoy it very much because of the theme.However I was completely shocked at how well written and developed this game is, even if you don't think you'll like the theme of ""fairy tails"" you should still give this game a chance. Who knows, you might be surprised like myself.If you enjoyed The Walking Dead game or other Telltale games you will most likely enjoy this game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,250320,17467451,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Sora,This is definitely my favorite TellTale Game so far. It was always keeping you interested and the artwork was extremely beautiful. Buy this game if you want a good story to follow along with.
,Recommended,250320,7367697,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Alucard,"Never liked TWD, but always loved Telltale and Fables, so the question of ""purchase or not"" never aroused for me)If you like any of these three - must have ^^Although right now is not the best time - game has a serious bug of not saving progress, which is yet to be patched."
,Recommended,250320,31848162,Posted: 19 May,all,Scylla,"*Bigby looks at a soda dispenser.*""Ugh, that stuff will kill you.""*Bigby smokes his cigarette.*"
76561198031324041,Recommended,250320,19067024,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,Quite simply one of my favourite Tell tale games. I would say joint favourite with Walking Dead Part 1.A thoroughly engrossing storyline that twists and turns leaving you a little confused by the credits.If i would say anything negative then it would be the game length and replayability. I easily finished in 9 hours and haven't felt the need to pick it up again.Goes regularly on a steep discount so maybe better waiting for that.
76561198213636097,Recommended,250320,30562271,Posted: 16 March,all,ReaperHD,This will be about the 11th time i finished this game and i love it.The  Story is amazing love the Characters and my favourite i Bigby Wolf so i hope there will be another season of the Wolf Among Us Cheers
,Recommended,250320,11156817,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Del Mingus,With the Wolf Among Us Telltale have delivered another brilliant interactive story. This game plays similarly to the Walking Dead in that it's a point and click game where you have various dialogue choices as well as other choices to make that effect the story of the game. The Wolf Among Us is based on the Fable series of comics. It's set in a part of New York inhabited by the characters from the nursery rhymes and fairytales such as  Snow White and  Mr.Toad. All these mythical characters had to move to our world after there Homeland was destroyed.It sounds like it might be a story for children but anything but with the characters inhabiting a gritty dark world where they have to deal with inequality and poverty and the politics that go with it. In the game you play Bigby (The Big Bad Wolf) who is the sheriff of Fabletown. He gets embroiled in a murder case and indoing so finds himself caught up in the politics of Fabletown itself as he tries to solve the crime.As already said the gameplay is very similar to the Walking Dead as is the comic book style of animation which looks great. The games main strength is it's story which i found enthralling and it really hooked me in. The characters in this game are brilliant as well and you'll meet a lot of memorable characters from the fairytales you would have heard as a child. The great thing is the characters are all very realistic in that they have their own problems like being alcholics or struggling to pay rent and feel a lot more fleshed out than the more 2 dimensional characters they are in the old fairytales.The Good:-Fantastic story with some really characters-Game looks nice with that comic book style of animation-All episodes are released now so no waiting a month or two for the next episode.-Game has decent replay value as it's worth playing again but making different choices to see how it changes the story.The Bad:-Not a lot really. I suppose the only one i can think of is that the gameplay is identical to that off the Walking Dead. Wold have been nice to see some new ideas introduced in this area.Overall I loved this game. More than i enjoyed the Walking Dead. I know this game will mostly appeal to WD fans but this is really great in it's own right and should be a must-buy for anyone looking for a game with a great story. Especially now all the episodes have been released. 10/10
76561198025487924,Recommended,250320,11168819,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,SuperFlyJack,"Super fun, interactive game. You choses really do change the story.  Deep, and three dimensional characters. Guessing what will happen  and who would say and do next is exciting and surprising.  Over all the game not that long and would have you asking for more."
,Recommended,250320,19330035,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,OMG Deathclaw,Loved it.Finished it in one sitting.
,Recommended,250320,22367918,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,dracosummoner,"A tremendously well-crafted prequel to Bill Willingham's ""Fables"" comics, Telltale's interactive story The Wolf Among Us is a murder mystery on the surface, but it quickly becomes an engrossing character drama and an often subtle indictment of a deeply unjust society.  The fairy-tale inhabitants of Fabletown, a magical community in modern-ish New York City that must continually conceal its existence from the mundane world, are guarded by one Sheriff Big Bad ""Bigby"" Wolf, who makes his best effort to keep his inconsistently grateful brethren from tearing each other apart ... at least, if he wants to.There's not much traditional gameplay, but it does as much as it needs to: you can move Bigby manually in small environments and click on objects and people to interact with them.  You technically have an inventory, but you generally don't need to manually drag objects to use them in the environment; special context prompts pop automatically when needed so you don't waste time with trial and error.  Fights and action sequences are quick-time events, sometimes with ""did you remember which door the bad guy used"" challenges, but most of your time is spent watching cutscenes and making choices in menus.If you haven't played a Telltale game of this sort, dialogue usually gives you up to four choices and a realistic but lenient time limit.  Bigby is a deeply interesting character who genuinely wants to do the right thing for a community that isn't always honest or trusting, but he doesn't have a lot of patience or decorum, so whether you play him as sort-of-compassionate or brutal and merciless, it feels plausible either way.  Choices sometimes follow more of an intelligent/""what's-the-point""-stupid dichotomy than straightforward good/evil as it is, but it's worth noting that a few isolated sections feel railroaded for the sake of drama.Many of the most interesting aspects of this role-playing come in the form of Sheriff Bigby's adherence to Fabletown law, which makes logical/pragmatic sense but often interferes with the day-to-day lives of the community, especially its poorer inhabitants who often have trouble affording the spell needed to maintain the human appearance that allows them to keep their home.  You can choose to selectively enforce or effectively loosen some of these laws, but the game maintains its morally gray atmosphere by making pleasing everybody impossible.You're arguably better off the less you know about the comics, because as a prequel, some of the choices in The Wolf Among Us are consequential to how the game plays out but are rendered moot very early in the books.  You meet a wide variety of fictional and supernatural characters whose interpretations and stories (such as how Beauty and the Beast are getting along, which ties into the well-focused plot) feel very adult without coming across as unsuitably 'edgy.'  The story gently introduces the rules of the setting and the attributes of its characters as it goes, and the most interesting thing about this magical community is how utterly realistic it feels, such that you might not notice some of the more fantastic aspects until stray lines of dialogue point them out.Graphic content is usually handled well: some fights and other scenes are intensely and shockingly gory (ever set a protuding bone via QTE?), and the sexual content and its impacts on the storyline are introspective and often disturbing enough to keep from feeling like needless fan service.  The language and--if you're not used to this from the story universe--the smoking seem much more gratuitous but are probably the dialogue's biggest ""flaws,"" so to speak.  Performances are astonishingly well done all around, especially from the few child characters, and some characters feel more likable/less standoffish here than they do in the early Fables volumes.The characters themselves are generally everything except boring: admirable, treacherous, cynical, rage-inducing, sympathetic, admirable, heartless, psychotic, selfish, perverted, resourceful, and even funny on a scant few occasions (often more than one of these at different times) in what is otherwise a very serious tale.  You'll be encouraged to feel a wide variety of emotions, usually without feeling like the story is stretching for or depending on them.  You'll probably have your heart broken more than once, and while the story has its share of twists, the journey and the conclusion feel satisfying even as the first episode is arguably the best and probably the longest (about two hours when the whole set took me roughly six) and most informative of the five.At the end of all episodes except the last, there's a TV show-style epilogue that sets up the events of the next installment, and each episode shows you how your choices compared to other players', no matter whether a given dilemma was popularly difficult to resolve or wound up heavily tilted toward one outcome.  You can revisit individual scenes in an episode--the game will note when this overwrites your progress--so you don't have to replay the entire thing to see different outcomes, fill up the secrets gallery, or recall how a certain moment played out.  The characters have their own little biographies that are well worth reading, even as some of these showcase the same events in very different lights, and these segue well into the books if you do (and in my opinion should) go on to read those.With a wonderful and thoughtful story designed to appeal to adults who can accept its mature and intense subject matter, incredible art design that easily looks as good as the comic it's based on, and plenty of replay value (even if you can't bear to play Bigby as dim or 'evil'), The Wolf Among Us is a more than worthy entry into the Fables universe."
,Recommended,250320,11912483,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Cheeky Bloke,Such a great game to play and enjoy. I instantly loved Bigby being a Big Bad Wolf turned into a Sherif. As the case has unexpected turns and twists you fight to find who the true murderer is. Taking the 'Law' into your hands to choose is you want to be a kill for good or save people and show mercy to even the undeserving
,Recommended,250320,11022452,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The1njZ,"A grim atmosphere , deep story and comic book graphics, these are the redeeming features of this game, but you will play this because of the story and the variety of choices ( more than walking dead season one) you get to watch the story happen.overall: 9/10Must play!"
76561198055406930,Recommended,250320,23116191,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Wolfy,"Following the concept of telltale games, The Wolf Among Us stands out as one of the best games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Its thick noir atmosphere, the (for the most part) excellent voice acting, the captivating story of loss, redemption and chaos, the alternation of small and major choices (not to mention the consequences). This game is filled with quality, not to mention the care of which was required to master such a spiderweb of twists and turns. Never have I been upset, tired and sad at the same time. I don't know where to start and end, but here it goes.Concept/summary:""We had a beginning, a middle and an end."" Or at least that's how it used to be. However, the world has changed. The Fables now live the in the mundane (human) world concealed only due to the magic glamour which is hard to acquire.You play as the protagonist, the big bad wolf with the less feared name 'Bigby'; a true anti-hero surrounded by noir-inspired scenography (cigarettes, alcohol etc.). As Detective Bigby, you are thrown into a mystery of murders, lies and corruption, yet to realize the severity and seriousness of what has yet to come. Accompanied by the charming assistant Snow White, your job is to make sense of all the chaos and 'get it fixed'. As this is a Telltale game, you would expect to choose between being the good or bad guy. Although you might see this as fitting for The Wolf Among Us, that's really not the case. In a desperate world like this, there is no right or wrong. The Fable Community is on its knees and is in need of someone to make a difference (one way or another). People will go along your actions, whether they consider them bad or not. At the end, the question you wanna ask yourself is: How is my inner wolf?Characters: Bigby is what you are looking for in an appealing character. He is multi-dimensional meaning witty, funny, passive-aggressive, sympathetic, douchy and unpredictable, often at the same time. I always found an option to express the Bigby 'I wanted to be'. Other characters leave a strong impressing as well in the shapes of Snow White, The Crooked Man, Bloody Mary, Mister Toad and many more. All Fables are true to their origins although the game manages to differ itself in meaningful ways.Game design: For the most part, choices matter. However, the plot can feel a little linear as it progresses when you (regardless of the choices you made) stumble upon the same scenario. Still I cared about every choice I made to an extent where I would feel frustrated when small signs of consequences appeared. Being small or major choices, it really didn't matter. People would view you different, which (for the most part) was reflected in what they were telling me or others.Visuals/audio: Although the game is no visual wonder in times as these, it suits the atmosphere in a way that gives me goosebumps and the same thing can be said about the audio. The soundtrack is rock solid, mostly played during the intro. Its dusky, electronic tones go well with the cartoonish colors of violet, pink and blue. In terms of optimization, it felt unstable at times but nothing alarming. All in all, it felt simple, yet it was meaningful and sophisticated crafted; perfectly fitting for the theme and atmosphere.ConclusionMajor pros:- Astonishing atmosphere created by sophisticated visuals and audio.- Excellent characters filled with background stories, emotions and motives which creates a realistic and mature environment.- Script is perfectly suited for a realistic story. It balances between humor and seriousness.Smaller pros:- Voice acting is (mostly) great except for Toad Jr.'s voice and a few other secondary characters.- Choices matter (for the most part).- Graphics are fantastic (but framerate can be jumpy).Major cons:- Too linear (different choices lead to the same).- Replayability is not the best.Small cons:- Relatively small areas for exploration on your own.Final verdict: 9/10"
76561198015007901,Recommended,250320,25093494,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Fox,"Potential spoilers for Episode 1.First off, I have been putting this game off for a long time.  I started point & click with Monkey Island 3, and then experienced all of the Monkey Island (Lucas Arts) games.  When I learned about Telltale's Sam & Max, who I had seen on television when I was younger, they were in Season 3 of the Telltale games, and I loved them.  From there, I played the first two seasons, and Strong Bad.  I loved the point and click style where it was our job mostly to go through the story.  Having watched the tv series of The Walking Dead, I was excited for the games where ""your choices matter.""  I learned before the end of season 1, my choices really didn't matter at all.  I played season 2, but I grew disillusioned over Telltale's new gimmick.  But I heard a lot of good stuff over The Wolf Among Us, and bought it.The game was darker than I expected, but intense, making me think on my toes.  I didn't finish the first episode, and put the game on hold for a while.  Then I went through Sam and Max seasons 1 and 2 again and wanted to ""Telltale out"" a little on my days off from work.  Finishing Season 2, I decided to just play around with The Wolf Among Us, maybe finish the first episode and go on with my day...After doing some investigating that was more intense than any I've seen in Batman for a while, dealing with actual criminals in a legal sense rather than just being a criminal myself, catching people in lies, and being truly stumped as to what's happening, I was more intrigued.  There were many times I was ""in-character,"" trying to not be ""bad"" as Bigby, but my buttons kept being pressed.  I wanted to be a good sheriff and not live up to my old name.  I had no knowledge of the world this game was crafted around, and didn't feel restricted.  Times came up where I could be a jerk, or try to apologize for being a jerk earlier, by my actions, as I saw it.  But people just kept pushing me.When I came to the bar, I had enough.  I didn't want to push people around, but they kept pushing me.  The guy at the counter was acting clearly suspicious, but my sights were on the Woodsman.  ...and then things got intense...  I have no idea what he transformed into, but I was shocked!  ""What the hell?!""  I knew it was going to be intense.  During the fight, I was thinking, ""What's going to happen next?  I have to be ready to grab this or that...""  When the Woodsman said ""He's had enough!"" I didn't care, I ripped the man's already injured-looking arm off, and I didn't feel bad about it at all.  I WAS the Big Bad Wolf, and these punks were NOT going to push me around any more.  I told Woody not to run, and he did, but I kept my word that I would go easy on him, and I took him in.Back home, I thought, ""Oh no, who was killed?""  I though, ""No, they wouldn't do that.  It has to be Beauty or something, right?""  And then I saw her head...and started to whimper...  Episode end...I don't know these characters, but I am familiar with what they were in the stories I knew as a kid.  I don't know all the background, but every one of them is framed and fleshed out with reality and humanity, and I grew attacked.  Telltale made me FEEL for these characters.  I had sympathy for people I might not have had any other way, I felt anger at people who might have been alright in their former incarnations.  I felt like a person interacting with people, and if the whole series (which currently is rated by everyone here VERY highly, past and present) keeps this up, I cannot imagine the rest of it being a waste of time.  I do not know how the story will go, but it feels like the choices I make DO have an impact, not superficially, and for good or bad, I want to know how this version of the story ends.  I am hooked!"
,Recommended,250320,9790788,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,moon2SMUG,The story is so ♥♥♥♥ing good. I'm buying season two the first day i can
76561198007793334,Recommended,250320,33836385,Posted: 27 July,all,Kaledvoulc'h,"First off, let me start by saying I'm a huge fan of TellTale's work, and this game is no exception.  I'd like to start that this game, to me at least, certainly feels darker and grittier than The Walking Dead series by the same devs.  Action wise this game is pretty minimilist with nothing but a few quicktime sequences, but it still maintains a sense of urgency and tension through out as you are talking to various witness's and examining scenes.  While your decisions don't change the story in huge arcs, each decision you make feels personal and important.  I also greatly appreciate the modern day fairy tale creatures spin and find the way in which it was donemfar more intriguing than say zombies or blockmen.  I'm new to trying to break down games like this so please be easyGraphics-9   (The cell shade art is fantastic)Acting-   7    (a little flat sometimes, guess it's hard to act like a magic frog living in Broklynn ;P)Story-   10Music-   9     (the music and sound greatly adds to the atmosphere)Overall-8.5I never, ever, ever recommend paying full price for a game, but the $25 asking price is very close.  If you can find it for less than a 20 dollar bill, and you like the TellTale games, or have just been curious about them then jump onboard. (Shameless plug-you can currently find this in the humble bundle, or a few people that got the bundle but already own the game are trading them right there in the trading discussion found in the discussions tab in the community hub.)"
76561197960337918,Recommended,250320,20700951,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Farre,"The Wolf among us starts really strong and episode one is easily the best part of the game. The last four episodes won't quite catch the greatness of the first one, but are still very interesting to play through. Each episode takes about 1,5 - 2 hours to complete so the whole season one is done in about 8 - 9 hours.What makes this game great is the freedom to make the main character your own. You can play the whole game as a complete brick or as a fair servant of justice. Of course the game forces you to make chooces which consequences aren't so clear to predict. Other characters of the game constantly reminds you about the choises you made in the past what really makes the feeling your choises matters. However you can't make that much difference on the main story line and most of the events are going to act the same way no matter what decisions you made.The retail price of 23 euros is too much for 8 hours of gameplay but game is regulary -75% off. Game has some replay value as you might want to see what happens when you do all vice versa.10 - Perfect game9 - Excelent game, best of the genre8 - Good game, worth your time7 - Average game, nothing really special6 - Bad game, avoid5 - Painful to play, completely waste of time4 - Failed game, unpayable"
76561198161414491,Recommended,250320,13576466,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ITokyYourCookie,"Beautiful game. Tell Tale really knows how to drew you inside the story, how to suprise you, feel every single emotion your character feels. For me, this game was even better then The Walking Dead series. :)"
76561198089460532,Recommended,250320,11236285,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,David Mihail,An interesting story and a good game to play
,Recommended,250320,19894147,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,J1NROH,Very good & mature Story.Brutality. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Death. Violence. Sex.Everything with FABLES !
,Recommended,250320,18398942,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,大天使 tsukov,"Mirror, mirror, blah blah able... blah blah blah about this fable."
,Recommended,250320,11300410,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Virgin Galactose,"The Wolf Among Us doesn't exactly fall within your typical definition of a 'video-game,' but whatever it is, it's good.The game's mechanics operate similarly to TellTale's other title The Walking Dead: time-constrained player-made decisions that drive the plot.  These mechanics, however, are not what make the game's mark.  The creative setting that intertwines folklore and  modern-urbanized living provides a refreshing break from the popular, less ambitious titles of late.The Wolf Among Us neither pulls punches nor over-dramatizes its events, but rests in a pseudo-believable valley that realistically explores the implications of blending these two distinct universes.  The fanciful innocence of the “fables'” (folklore characters) lore is often juxtaposed with the gritty, desperate, and unfortunate reality of modern poverty and social inequality.All in all, The Wolf Among Us is an excellent title that deserves a spot in any plot enthusiast's library."
,Recommended,250320,26125059,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Taylem,"Once again Telltale has created a masterpiece out of a masterpiece. The Wolf Among Us is part Detective Drama and part Fantasy Horror. The voice acting was among the best I've heard in any game; the writing equally compelling. As a fan of brief reviews- I will end this with a simple message. Buy it, Play it ... worth every dime."
,Recommended,250320,14695950,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Holocene - Moving House,You're not as bad as everyone says you are ;)Easily one of the best story games you will ever play.
,Recommended,250320,26354503,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,thesevenneedles,"This is one of the most BA games when it comes to storytelling. This game puts you in the shoes of Bigby Wolf(the big bad wolf), and lets you make difficult Choices for him and play through his amazing story. The game is also beautiful to boot, i love the comic book look and the art direction. WARNING: this is not a game for kids, you'll meet some twisted characters and you yourself can do some messed up things in this game. I can't say enough about how great of a game this is, the story, the characters, the look, it all matches. While i dont say this often, i must say this here, this game beats the daylights out of telltales the walking dead(which is still an amazing game), and could be telltales best game yet.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,11142065,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RetroArcadeMonkey,"*SPOILER-FREE REVIEW*The Wolf Among Us is a game where you can beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of just about every villian in the story....10/10.But seriously, this has to be one of my favourite games from Telltale yet, with some of the noiriest music you will ever hear with one of the best atmospheres that you will ever get from a game like this.I friggin' love The Wolf Among Us for its characters, setting and the most important of all; story.  The game is set in a fictional New York City where you (Bibgy Wolf) are the sherriff of a secret part of New York called Fable Town, where you enforce the laws and protect all of the town's citizens.  And if you cannot tell, this game is full of fairy tale characters ranging from old myths, to goblins & trolls.The game is also based upon a comic book series I had not heard of until I heard of this game about last year, and soon after I had heard of this game's existence my sister had gotten Fables: Deluxe Edition vol. 1 from her old boyfriend, and I ""borrowed"" it from her big library of books and had a bit of a read.  It got me interested in what the game was about and had this urge to play the demo on my PS3, and after I played it I was extremely excited for the day that this game came down in price on Steam...that day finally came one morning during a Steam Summer Sale and I purchased it immediately...I can safely say, that that was a wise choice, as this was quite possibly one of the best story-based game expriences since The Walking Dead.I love the graphics.  The cell-shading was a great choice for the game as it fit the comic's art style and if you look at the game from a certain distance, you could swear that you are looking at a comic panel.  I think Telltale did a marvellous job re-creating the look of a comic really well, and at the same time, capturing the comic's noirish tone and style.The voice acting is amazingly done, with Adam Harrington nailing Bigby in both voice and tone, while also putting his best into the character.  He easily did the best job out of all the other voice actors in this game, and I salute him for his great performance.The writing and story are also really well-done, as per usual from Telltale at this point,  and really put you in the mind of the Big Bad Wolf.  The writing is smart, and occasionally kind of hilarious, adding just that little bit of that trademark Telltale humor...sort of.  And the best part about the story is that it isn't confusing...it's easy to understand and if you haven't read the comic, then you don't have to worry about not knowing everything about this franchise's lore because this game's chronologically set before the events of the comic...THANK YOU, TELLTALE!And I really like the characters...especially Toad, because...he's a toad, 'nuff said.  But I also really like Bigby, because he is a well-written character with an interesting personality that almost any gamer can enjoy getting to know.  And all the ""villians"" always try to worm their way out of just about every situation you throw them in, and I punch them in their faces every time, and I find the villians incredibly well-written, (especially one certain villian that I won't spoil) and it makes making important decisions even more thought-provoking.Overall, this is a great mystery story with fantastically well-written characters, amazing voice acting, great soundtrack by Jared Emerson Johnson, astounding atmosphere and terriffic art style...that's why I recommend The Wolf Among Us."
,Recommended,250320,11245972,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ambrevale,"If you love interactive stories with a good pitch, in which the choices you make have an impact, this game is for you. I have yet to read the comics so I won't venture on the subject of how faithful it is to the source material, but as a standalone, it's good. The ambience is that of a film noir, and the dark take on fairytales characters is a pleasure. It's exciting to place them and their tales, and see what the creators made of them. Sheriff Bigbie - the hero - is a bit of an archetype: brutal, taciturn, with his rough edges, his cigarettes and his bourbon, but it's one I enjoy.Prepare to investigate some gruesome murders and dive into the darkness of Fabletown.Careful if you're operating with an AZERTY keyboard, make sure to configure it as a QWERTY before starting, as (as far as I know, but I didn't look far into it) you cannot change the commands and part of the game relies on your ability to press the right key quickly."
76561198093260511,Recommended,250320,32005444,Posted: 27 May,all,Keibal,"8/10A very good story and narrative. Also nice music and very beautifull design. It loses two points because there is litle gameplay or actual interaction, it is more like seeing a movie with some dialogu choices that make some diferences in the story but not much."
,Recommended,250320,32025174,Posted: 28 May,all,Sunny Elephant,"The Wolf Among Us was a great expirence. It has the most compelling story out of all the Telltale games that I have personally played. I feel like the game being based on a slightly more obscure franchise, Fables, makes it stand out as more interesting than some of the other games based off extremely popular brands such as Game of Thrones, or The Walking Dead. I did get upset a few times because just like every other telltale game, the speech option doesn't accurately portray what it will make Bigby say, and just because some of the other characters act like idiots, Beast, Everyone at the last scene, Toad... I had an issues where all the text options would say ""This choice is blank"" this happened to me twice but was easily fixed by going to the main menu then back, and it never lost any progress. The game wasn't that long though so you might want to buy it on sale if you are looking for more time out of your money.  I would recommend The Wolf Among Us, it has a very interesting story, many unique characters and had a much darker atmosphere than other Telltale games which made it very compelling."
,Recommended,250320,11166506,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Singast,"My lips are sealed, you have to play it for yourself.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,24350942,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Shrapnel Effect,Amazing story and game that i passed off for a long time not wanting to play... I may be late to the game but its still amazing! one of the best Telltale games!
,Recommended,250320,31840228,Posted: 19 May,all,j0reN,It's good. Nice artstyle and pretty basic gameplay. It really compliments the game  because you'll be able to absorb the story and speculate on who's culprit in the story. 10/10 Worth buying full price or in sale.
,Recommended,250320,13261029,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,mheart,"I am actually surprised more of my friends haven't played this game. It's by Telltale Games, who produced The Walking Dead, Tales From The Borderlands, and Game of Thrones.Prequel game to a comic series called Fables.Telltale's signature move of presenting you with options that might be a little lose-lose or ambiguous always bite back later, of course, and as the Sheriff Bigby Wolf, you're dealing with your not-so-great reputation of being too much of a violent hardass right alongside the various plot and subplot. Naturally, your decisions and the way you handle things have a direct impact on people who may be your closest allies in this game. Work to solve the mystery and help the residents of Fabletown!"
76561198044291784,Recommended,250320,26348397,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Foxareno,damn good storytelling and if you like the telltale games series definatley worth checking out. my only gripe is it is way too short. worth the time tho if its ever on sale
,Recommended,250320,28100248,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,YesWomanNoCry,"I got this game from blackfriday sale and its definitely worth it.No mater what, just get it...If you like story games, that is the one you looking for..."
,Recommended,250320,13274050,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,InsomniacHeaven,There's only two words that need to be said about this game to sum it up......SIMPLY AMAZING.10/10
,Recommended,250320,16615434,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nicholas,"Telltale had a tough act to follow after the huge impact of The Walking Dead, but The Wolf Among Us lives up to those standards. It is strikingly atmospheric, with high-quality writing and voice acting throughout.The final episode was truly compelling, and I found myself siding with the villian for a while.Aside from a few jarring animation glitches (especially in the second episode), the only real criticism I have is that it all feels too short at under eight hours - but it's hard not to want more of such a good game. Hopefully season two is on the horizon."
,Recommended,250320,11355337,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,thenthomwaslike,"play through it within a short timespan, don't wait months between episodes or little details will become lost. this is a mystery detective story so have your wits about you and look for details to piece the story together. your experience will be much better this way and you can experience the game as a whole that is much better than the sum of its parts."
,Recommended,250320,21066546,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Bully420,"I thoroughly enjoy Telltale Games and the content they make but TWAU is definetly one of the best. I'm gonna go over the pros and cons of the game.Pros-Lifelike characters and likeable characters.-The Telltale art style.-Amazing extras, lot's of detail about the many Fables you meet along your story.-Absolutely Stunning soundtrack.-Seeing The Little Mermaid topless.-Strong Narrative.-Astounding voice acting.-Nearly all desicions have impact on your story, large or not.Cons-No Season 2.-Will break your Q key.-You only leave the friendzone withSnow Whitein the comics.-The ending is somewhat a cliffhanger, as you do dispose with the Crooked Man then left with nothing really.-Not a lot of replayability at all, ending is still fairly the sameYou catch and dispose of the Crooked Man-Can only change choices if you restart the chapterOverall one of my personal favorite telltale games ever made, worth every cent wether on sale or normally priced."
,Recommended,250320,14252619,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin's Steam Review: The Wolf Among Us. Telltale does it Again, But I Have Concerns.Genre: Telltale Adventure Game.Developed & Published by: Telltale GamesPlatform: Windows and Mac OSXBusiness Model: Episodic, Season is Complete.Copy Purchased by MyselfPreambleThe Wolf Among Us, a point-and-click story with some quick-time-events abound set in a fantasy mystery in modern day. When I saw the announcement trailer for this one, I was intrigued. I tackled TWAU after all episodes were released as I don’t like waiting for each episode to come out. What I got was an experience that was both fun and worrisome.Overall Gameplay ThoughtsAs far as the overall game is concerned, the quality ranges from really good to questionable. I think it shows many of the weaknesses of either Telltale as a game developer or the episodic model that they’ve chosen to go with. Episode One is great, with its introduction to Bigby, Snow White and the rest of the usual suspects. But then episode two comes along with its abruptly short and limited story. I can only imagine how ticked people were if episode two was all they got for a while. Episode three and four are much better, reaching about the same length and quality level as episode one. However, despite what must have been a wake up call for Telltale, they then seem to almost fall asleep on episode five.  Episode five being rather linear with a lot of cutscenes being shown with little input from myself. QA also seemed to slip as I experienced a rather nasty epilogue bug that caused a few cut scenes to be... cut...from the story along with all the choice dialogue text. Sure, a quick restart to the previous save point fixed that, but, it seemed like that should have been caught in testing.PC SettingsSettings include resolution options, Quality/Texture sliders (it's a quality slider, not a fan) and AA on/off. Keep in mind that its FXAA only unless you want to force higher quality AA through Nvidia’s settings. Instructions on forcing that can be foundat this PCGamingWiki article. V-sync is on by default but can be forced off through settings. You’ve also got audio sliders and subtitles options. It’s not the greatest setting options I've seen but I’ll grant that the game probably doesn't need much more than this.Final ThoughtsI really liked TWAU. I enjoyed following the Big Bad Wolf in his journey to solve the murder mystery. The aesthetic, the atmosphere and the character interactions are great. What I really enjoyed most is that everyone has a backstory. Even the main villain has a good reason for what he’s doing. Even if the means aren’t justified. These characters are dealing the best they can with a terrible situation. Most of my problems with this game lay with the questionable quality of each episode and some of the bugs that cropped up. If you haven’t finished the story due to episode two being rather poor, I still recommend you finish it out. I’d like to see a second season of this game at some point but there hasn't been any announcements just yet.Read this review and other Telltale Games reviews on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,250320,11412298,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Captain Serious,"Telltale Games may catch♥♥♥♥♥♥for not having much ""game"" play in their games, but they sure as hell know how to make an amazing ""Choose your own adventure"" experience.It's a testimony towards the excellent writing and characters that make The Wolf Among Us (TWAU) stand out as a memorable experience.I would like to see Telltale start adding a little more adventure game inventory puzzles in future releases.  Give us something to logically solve like in the older point and click adventure games.   In TWAU and Walking Dead games we find an item and very shortly afterward use it, leaving no attempt of creating a future puzzling solution.I want to also feel the choices I'm making matter, but I understand why they can't accommodate every branching choice and tell the story in a finite way.  All they can offer is an illusion of choice to make us feel like we're shaping the story.Don't get me wrong, this is an amazing story and game.   Just embrace the illusion and go with the flow and enjoy the ride."
76561198060993800,Recommended,250320,24729563,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Atticus,Such a good game with amazing story. Worth every penny!
,Recommended,250320,14475896,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,Telltale fan since Sam and Max so their games are always fun. QTE/Adventure game with great acting and story. Great plot twists too!
,Recommended,250320,34615497,Posted: 30 August,all,skellen,Very good game.
76561197975978987,Recommended,250320,34622609,Posted: 30 August,all,Mercurio,Absolutely amazing.
76561198068949954,Recommended,250320,35141793,Posted: 22 September,all,Zanoth,I remember this as my favorite TellTale game (with Borderlands probably being my second.) I can't wait until the details of the plot get hazy in my memory so that I can play it again.
,Recommended,250320,34602965,Posted: 30 August,all,Marauder,"Based on the “Fable” comic series by Bill Willingham, The Wolf Among Us was released in 2013 by Telltale Games. An episode based interactive graphic adventure game just like many other Telltale published game, this one is perhaps the best candidate in its genre for being the most polished.A soundly developed storyline proves to be both entertaining and canon in its own comic universe. After the release, the game garnered a cult following which pressured Telltale Games to work on a sequel, which is coming out in 2018.Fable series features various folklore and fairy tale heroes who escaped their homelands after the latter was invaded by “the adversaries”. These characters settled in New York, in a community called Fabletown and use spells known as Glamour to make themselves appear normal to regular humans (whom they refer to as “mundies”). You play as the sheriff of Fabletown Bigby Wolf, who is haunted by his past and attempts to solve a murder mystery. Bigby Wolf himself is none other than the Big Bad Wolf from various stories! Teaming up with Snow White and other characters, he embarks on an emotional journey, trying to root the suspects.Besides adding an intriguing noir atmosphere, the game also accomplishes to create a universe that feels genuine and valid. Once inhabitants of fairy tales, these characters from our childhood stories are now facing the realities that we ourselves face in our lives, such as rent, work, existential crisis and the regrets of past mistakes. As we progress through storyline, we start to notice Bigby’s interesting and profound character development, and we care about him just as much as we care about unveiling the murder mystery.Great voice acting, original art style sets a hip example for the story driven games. The few problems with the game remain with the ultimate value of your overall decisions. The endings are not as varied as one would expect from a game with so much attention to details. It feels like a movie at times, which somewhat decreases replayability value. Yet, this game is worth at least 10 hours of breathtaking gameplay and promises to send you wondering about the thin line between perceived good and foretold evil. You are expected to have a fresh start, and as Bigby mentions himself, “you can’t change the past”."
76561198310540345,Recommended,250320,34075406,Posted: 6 August,all,batfinx,"STUNNING artistry! Love love LOVE the look and feel of this game. 2d gritty crime noir comic book style with a great storyline and awesome voice actors.You play as the big bad wolf in what is essentially a game version of the old 'chose your adventure books' - you know, the ones that say; sneak past (turn to page 42)  attack foe (turn to page 81)Whilst I really enjoyed this game BECAUSE of the epic story telling, in the sequel I would like to have more control of the character outside of picking my responces  i.e. the ability to free roam and explore the enviroments more.I will definately play any sequels. Very cool game. Oh and I should probably mention for those of you with kids, you probably don't want them overhearing you play... unless you want them to have the mouth of a sailor hahahaha"
76561197995551045,Recommended,250320,11458575,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Madcow,"This (and the other new taletale games) are less games and more interactive stories. That said, I'm okay with that, it is really a special experience that is worth going through. The fact that it's a gritty noir story staring fairy tales is just icing on the cake.I enjoyed this game immenesly, and is at it's best when you immerse yourself in the little inconsequencial moments of dialogues and interactions."
,Recommended,250320,23835853,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Navrin,"Unlike most, I waited until all chapters were released before playing - and I can understand some frustration in purchasing the content while it is being released.  Being able to play the entire story in one go was certainly worthwhile, and the story was amazing.  This is seriously a 5 star game.  You'll get drawn into the world, as well as the mystery and you won't want to play anything else until you're finished.  Game play itself isn't that long, and sadly it doesn't have any replay value (unless you want to try making differing decsions, which isn't as interesting as you know how everything turns out).  I would definately recommend this game, but as with all episodic content, wait till everything is released and play it all at once.  You'll be purchasing this game for the story - which certainly is at a high level of quality."
76561198091210341,Recommended,250320,15489080,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,pinkpinnn,"Pros:-Engaging story (filled with suspense, twsits and excitement)..Kept me hooked one ep after the other.-Beautiful art style (very atmospheric)-Good voice actingCons:-Story is not long enough-Needs deeper development on impact of choices and decisions-Need to feel that my character isn't the only one actively deciding for everyone's fate-Clonky movement on PC WASD keysMy qualms with the game:The options and what it actually 'means' (or what it would lead to) actually became quite obvious. This ended up lessening the fun and suspense of deciding my net action. At one point I became quite frustrated, since the game puts you in a position where you constantly have to be an understanding and careful, character, but this is not a two-way scenario.All in all, a special game that is not to be missed!!"
,Recommended,250320,7455172,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Eminenssi,"The Wolf Among Us pretty much caught me by surprise. Not sure how I managed to avoid any advertising / hype, but after Telltale's previously excellent zombie adventure, I didn't need to consider for long.The first thing that struck me was how good the game looked. The comic book-styling seen in The Walking Dead is taken notch further, with heavier contrast and brighter colors, painting very vivid film noir-look, accompanied with appropriately smoky and moody soundtrack. Easily the most stylized adventure by Telltale so far.Most observant eye may catch some familiar animation frames from TWD, but such detail is lost to the imaginative and lively character cast. It's this godforsaken bunch of familiar storybook characters on the junky Brooklyn backdrop that I really started growing into. The trope isn't especially new, with McGee's Alice and also Batman Arkham series having played with the idea, but instead of gothically twisted version of themselves, being thrown in the middle of Chinatown(the movie) works itself to much juicier drama (and healthy dose of brutal violence).I wasn't previously familiar with the series, but the game does good job introducing you to the universe, with both pacing and further reading. Although the writing in the game is as serious as any good noire story is, it does leave some space for character's to self realise on the absurdity of their existance, where a bunch of comedy is derived from.The gameplay is familiar 80% dialogue with some QTE'ish action thrown in. The action scenes seemed to take a bit more cues from the yesteryear's Jurassic Park, but kept the rumble short and sweet. Kudos for the game to cleverly disguise a puzzle in form of dialogue I didn't realise I was doing until towards the end.As the end credits rolled, only thing I felt bad about was that I didn't wait long enough, that I could've just hopped straight to the next episode."
,Recommended,250320,11203638,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Mohlest,"Another master piece from Telltale Games. I purchased Wolf Among Us because I loved the first season of The Walking Dead (TWD) by Telltale Games and somehow, Telltale have managed to surpass what they portrayed so perfectly in TWD. The story, characters, art style, soundtrack, decisions and gameplay mechanics are all vastly improved in Wolf Among Us. The story of The Wolf Among Us reolves around the character known as Bigby who is the detective of Fabletown and is the Big Bad Wolf Fable character. Bigby is on the case to solve the mystery of a certain Fable's death (Spoilers). This leads you to meet a ton of fascinating Fable characters in Fabletown like Snow White, Woodsman, Toad, etc. Every single Fable character you run into is fascinating to listen to and Telltale go the extra mile by having a character profile for every Fable character if you're interested in the lore of the universe. The art style is gorgeous, it has this handdrawn vibrant noir style that looks beautiful in all scenarios, especially outside Fabletown in the colorful areas. The soundtrack suits the games themes of mystery, hopelessness and noir perfectly, there's a soundtrack for every moment, whether it's action, detective scenarios or depression, Bigby's Apartment theme is a favourite of mine. Considering this is a Telltale game, it's still a point and click adventure game just like all their games and the gameplay isn't exactly what you would call, ""fun"", but it's not supposed to be, it's supposed to be a game that makes you think, question your morality, your choices, who you trust, what you say, where to go, etc. Every decision you make affects the outcome of the story, the characters you meet and the detective case at hand and that's what makes the game so enjoyable to play. Without a doubt, Wolf Among Us is one of my favourite games of all time, Telltale have done it again and I can't recommend this game enough, especially with all 5 episodes now released, it's a must buy.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,11421035,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"I recommend this game, but with reservations.I have to start by admitting, I really am not interested or familiar with Fairy Tales – and this game, or “tale”, does a good job at making sure that that isn't a disadvantage.  The graphics work well with this environment, and should even work with APU graphics.  As with other Tell Tale titles everything is polished, works well, and thought out.  It is a well engineered game.The last episode is really disappointing.  The boss battle is laughable the way it ends, I'll spare you the spoiler details, but you will laugh.  After the boss battle the game ends with about 30 minutes of talking with various characters as the story wraps it self up.  It was very anti-climatic.  The second, third, and fourth episodes were the best.  The first and fifth were slow and uninteresting.Overall, The Wolf Among us can feel like a chore.  A bit like watching a movie that started good but lost your interest.  But the middle of the series was so good I have to recommend this game.  Its worth a play.  Many of the decisions that you have to make will leave you with regret, and that's what makes Tell Tale games great."
,Recommended,250320,17203150,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ruben_Cordeiro,"The wolf among us is yet another great game by Telltale Games. After playing through The Walking Dead Season 1 and 2 I wondered whether those two projects were the best we would see from TellTale.Despite still prefering those two adventures, The Wolf Among Us is a dark tale with great dialogue, difficult choices and very interesting dialogue.I am expecting a second season."
76561198049103638,Recommended,250320,11187256,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Barc,"Picked this game up in the summer sale for £6.45 or something like that after a little debate, stepping into the world of fabletown is a story led adventure with your actions having more of an effect compared to the walking dead series in which a case is presented infront of you.Having an interesting take on fairy tale characters & a few others from your childhood memories, set in a dark 18-rated game. You will become hooked & wonder what decisions to choose as well as there consequences. Would highly recommend for the 7hours of play. The only downsides are the £20ish full price & the 7 hours play time, however I can see myself playing through again & choosing different actions to see how it pans out."
,Recommended,250320,12115528,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,miNxyy [⇌],"Amazing game, Great story, Perfect Ending... All round perfect game if you like indepth story and characters and interesting twists along the way."
,Recommended,250320,11285271,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,TRS_TheGentlemanSquirrel,"High quality story! A tad bit light on gameplay, but I enjoyed every minute of it!"
76561198093243760,Recommended,250320,11537121,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Takodo,"The Wolf Among Us is the a great farming simulator, really in depth gameplay and farming, but the real bit of the game shines through when a blood moon arises and the werewolfs attack! Now choose what resources to turn into weapons and what to keep to sell on to improve your farm the next day! Really great crossing of two types of games, really kicks up the farming, though there is an option just to farm with no blood moons that I really liked, it is always great to give your players more options."
,Recommended,250320,7873399,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Earl of Trollbridge,"Telltale game did not disappoint us. The story so far is simply amazing. When I played my first walkthrough of the first episode, I was truely shocked about the development of the plot. It made me feel like watching a thriller movie. Lost of questions were arisen in the first episode. I'm sure those are to be answered in the next episode. Without a doubt, I will give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,250320,7932109,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Good Kush,"Its badass,"
,Recommended,250320,14230781,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Tato,"ENGLISH and Italian ReviewRecensione Inglese ed ITALIANAEnglish:WOW. Just the fact that the game is based on the graphic novel ""Fables"" should make you tell ""Where do i sign?"" But, not everyone read comics so, let's proceed in order. Classic and awesome Telltale gameplay? Check. Choices and dialogues that will affect the story? Check. Engaging and intrigued story? Check. Fables characters rivisited in a modern way, that live among us? Check. What's missing? Nothing. To me, it's perfect. I loved it, and i will play it again in the future.Italiano:Whoa. Già solo il fatto che sia un gioco tratto dalla serie a fumetti ""Fables"" basta a farmici mettere la firma. Ma non tutti conoscono la serie a fumetti dunque procediamo con ordine. Classico e fantastico gameplay Telltale? C'è. Scelte e dialoghi che influiscono sulla trama? Ci sono. Storia avvincente ed intrigata? C'è. Personaggi delle fiabe rivisitati in chiave moderna, con tutto ciò che questo comporta, che vivono tra gli umani? Ci sono. Cosa manca? Secondo me, nulla di nulla. Io personalmente come gioco l'ho amato, e probabilmente lo rigiocherò ancora. L'unica cosa che potrebbe far storcere il naso, è che è completamente in inglese. Per me non è un problema, lo capisco alla perfezione, ma per alcuni italiani potrebbe essere un problema e mi dispiace tanto. Se cercate bene su google, dovreste trovare delle traduzioni amatoriali fatte dagli utenti."
,Recommended,250320,11192331,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Orange,"Pros:.Great Story line.Very Interactive.Amazing.Riveting.A must but for everyone.Worth 25$Cons:.None, buy the dang game!"
,Recommended,250320,13524782,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,1337Sempai.EC,"Best Music, Story, Character Design EVER!11/10i really loved this Telltale Series hope they release more from Bigby"
,Recommended,250320,7809618,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Apevian,"This game is utterly amazing. A new twist on our ""happily ever after"" fairytales. Inspired from the comic book series ""Fables,"" The Wolf Among Us is another amazing installment by TellTale Games. Can't wait for Episode 2!!! 10/10, Gold Stars Everywhere."
,Recommended,250320,11219151,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Megakoresh,"DISCLAIMER: ""Recommend"" here is based on the quality of the game, NOT value for money. The game can be beaten in around 6 hours.TL;DR version:No gameplayBadGreat voice actingGoodShort on lore/contentBadCool settingGoodEpisodic releaseBadGreat charactersGood""Fake"" choicesBadConsequences in character reactionsGoodLong version:So you see 11 hours in there? These 11 hours are actually 8 as I left the game open and went to go do some irl business. And anyone who knows me, knows I take my sweet time when playing games, exploring every nook and cranny and pretty much trying to see everything there is to see, sometimes restarting from checkpoint just to see this different location to get the codex entries. That should give you some idea as to the length of the game. At a healthy pace you'd finish it in around 6 hours, and that's accounting for repeating unskippable intro.The absence of gameplay is really unnecessarily shortening the game. It could have been done with action-style navigation, with lots of secrets and lore (audio logs, diaries, you name it), maybe even side quests. It could have really used some puzzle solving, maybe recreating crime scenes, all that stuff. It could have and it would have been much better for it, but instead they decided to spend money on long QTE fights/chases and stuff. The game is very popular and costs quite a lot for it's length, so I highly doubt putting some extra dosh into gameplay to elongate the experience would result in any notiable losses for the devs, they just didn't do it because they didn't want to stray away from the formula they know well.The meat of the game: dialogues and characters are good though. I played Walking Dead (the first season) and I didn't like it and didn't even finish it mostly because of how boring and annoying the two main characters are. This was not just my complaint and TellTale took it to heart with Wolf, creating a set of amazing characters, the most amazing of which is the primary character duet: Wolf and Snow. They have very complex histories and relationships and it really plays towards sucking you into the world and the story. There's even some sort of hint at a romance there, but it's just a hint though - while well-written and thorough, there is no really in-depth exploration of any of the characters in the game. Not even the primary: the Wolf.Choices in the game are mostly fake. Aside from ""Where do I go"" choices, most of the options result in minor fluctuations of the lines without actually changing the story or content in any way. This is no Witcher 2. That's not to say there's no consequence. Sometimes characters will support you in an argument or ""argument"" if you are nice to them. Stuff like that.But it's not like you make a choice between colouring blue and colouring red. Most of the time it's more like colouring or not colouring at all, and the main plot revolves around you either being good or bad. Again this is no Witcher 2. Also about Witcher 2: this game has no failure states. You will proceed with marginally different outcomes regardless of how well you perform in the ""fights"".I don't read comics and I didn't know what to expect going into this one, as I knew Telltale are good at making plots, but I didn't like Walking Dead. Wolf Among Us impressed me with it's unique settings, it's interesting mix of fairy tales that I heard when I was a kid and extremely gruesome Noire-style scenes. I mean you get to literally fix an open arm fracture, stick claws into eyes of a famous fairy tale hero that all little kids heard of, or rip limbs off people. Not to mention seeing ""Little Merimade"" as stripper in a club. Talk about ruined childhood...It's an awesome game that seems very skimped on content and has no gameplay. I would not recommend it at it's full price, but definitely would recommend it with a discount. Even 25% off is a good enough discount to justify the purchase. I am not a fan of this episodic releases, games aren't movies and this crap really breaks the pace, so now that this season is done, would be a nice time to purchase it.It's definitely better than Walking Dead in almost every single respect: better characters, setting; while having just as good and sometimes better voice acting, animations (admittedly most animations are manual and it's not a physics-based engine, so impacts and movements might seem a bit floaty) and definitely better locations: they have  more meaning due to the detective story premise.The ending answers almost all questions, but is still a cliffhanger so Season 2 is most likely on it's way. I hold no hopes that it will actually have gameplay, but it should be interesting nonetheless. So good luck to TellTale and have fun solving this case to the players.PS: I suspected the right person all the way to the end! Yey! I'm such a good detective (although the game made absolutely NO effort whatsoever to reward or even acknowledge that fact, when the truth is revealed)..."
,Recommended,250320,21284390,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,DAMN... Now thats what i call a good story!!!
76561198148401542,Recommended,250320,33139653,Posted: 2 July,all,Weebknighter,The Wolf Among Us is a story telling game where you choose your own story and your choices matter on how people look at you.  You you can try and plan your things out.  There are twists and turns everywhere and even at the end of epsoide 1 there are major twists.  I recommend this game to anyone who wants a good story telling game and likes Telltale games.
,Recommended,250320,24138934,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Razor,"Another Telltale superstar game ! -10 Hours Per Playthrough for me, worth the money big time, no excuse for not getting it on sale !!! Worth full price tbh.Sit back and enjoy the story with intruiging dialouge,action packed scenes leaving you chomping at the bit,'love-to-hate enemies'...... and love-to-love characters.All characters are brought from old fairytales and the likes, where they struggle to govern a life in their own underworld within NYC.You play ""The Big Bad Wolf"" who is the sherrif of this community, trying to solve what seems to be a serial killing mystery.Would recommend you buy the game, so you can start solving this mystery :)"
,Recommended,250320,11350140,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,"D. Stitz, Esq.","Definitely recommending this one. Great storytelling, great art direction, and some of the best characters I've come across in the past few years in games."
,Recommended,250320,31071104,Posted: 10 April,all,PaullieeTV,"No suprises here after The Walking Dead comes The Wolf Among Us and just like TWD, This is a must buyI enjoyed this game immensely it is an actual beautiful little game that can easilyhold it's ownhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVhazHyAG7I&list=PLn-qe0aCxe3UDHAdBgLgpGMc3p5DLq_ti&index=1"
,Recommended,250320,16495946,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Odra,"Most enjoyable.I was a bit annoyed that some story elements in the conclusion were unable to be changed despite my efforts/choices, but it highlights the lore in the Fables' universe (which, before this game, I was unaware of)QTE's are present but not as overbearing as in other titles, characters draw enough empathy to care about them and your choices and the story is a great mix of fantasy and mistery-thriller.I would have liked at least one more episode to wrap things up though.As far as performance issues go, I found only one: when transitioning from one chapter to the next the game would get stuck with empty prompts or a frozen camera, but this was easily fixed by going to the main menu and selecting the chapter again. Since this bug only appears at the beginning of the chapter it takes but a few seconds to get back to playing the game."
,Recommended,250320,9903442,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Lilith le Fay [DB],"It's been a long time since I fell in love with a game so quickly, but this is a masterpiece. Telltale have managed to create an engaging story which captures the atmosphere of the comics brilliantly. I only wish the 'new' characters like Grendel were in the comics, because I want to know more about them.This game earns five stars in my book (for the episodes released so far, at least) and does justice to the source material on which it's based. Can't wait for more!"
76561198027018133,Recommended,250320,10400787,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Xivean,"Does a fantastic job of keeping the characters very true to the comics. A very good prequel story to the series, as well as a good overall game."
,Recommended,250320,10938441,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GreyMalkin,"I could not recommend this game enough. Telltale are AMAZING at what they do, now I've only played Walking Dead and this title (No Sam or Max but I did play BTTF breifly) and I personally thing the way they are going about things in the two games I majorly played is amazing. The story telling is amazing, The graphics are gritty and realistic, the background noises and soundtrack is amazing, The voice acting is incredible probably the best I've heard in any game (I really like the voice of Toad)One of my favorite things that I just loved was when you would have an intense start to an episode and it just rolls into that bad♥♥♥♥♥theme song. It's just such a cool feeling, makes you feel like your really dictating a TV series.Pros- The story is gripping and the Fables universe is a great setting- All the charcters are well voiced and loveable.- The timed responses are a great mechanic, really puts pressure on the situation- Soundtack and SFX are so well done (The theme to each episode is just WOW)Cons- The one thing I could find in this game, and it isn't even anything really big is the tiny audio glitch in the first episodes theme....but that's just me being picky. It isn't even really that bad either considering the entire game.Telltale MAKE SEASON 2!10/10"
,Recommended,250320,11139716,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Donatella,Everyone must play this masterpiece!
,Recommended,250320,7394291,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Glorified Chocobro,+ Fantastic character development+ Gorgeous artwork throughout the game+ Addictive story left me DYING for the next episode
,Recommended,250320,9018329,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,PiggyPH,Awesome Game - Definitely worth the time and money!
76561198106938156,Recommended,250320,9281791,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,TheUnderdog,ELIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IBYA3MEL KAKAKA
,Recommended,250320,23435193,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kasser,"Although the game feels shorter when compared to other similar games such as ""Life is Strange"", the game is worth your time.  Graphics are excellent and it does feel like reading a comic. They really did well with colors and the ambient.The game is more of an interactive movie. You really don't solve any complicated puzzles which is probably why the game feels short. However, the plot, characters and even the QTE keeps you wanting more. A must buy if you are into telltale games."
,Recommended,250320,9702554,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Liephire,"We are Bigby the big bad wolf even the sheriff and we all have to find out who the murderer is that killed two fables at night that were on different days but we have to find out the mystery ourselves. Who killed the two people? How did this happen? Well who knows it could of been Bigby the main character but it couldn't have been Bigby, we'll have to find out when all the episodes are out. All of the Episodes are out already so what are you waiting for? Buy them now!Once again telltale games, you made a really great game and you just made me want to play it and like it thank you, I give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,250320,11690768,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Bobby Jupiter,"Story based game with some action scenes. Your dialogue choices in game will determine the direction of the story and events that occur throughout your progression.You are Sheriff Bigby Wolf (Big Bad Wolf), the sheriff of Fabletown, a group of fairy tale characters that are living in New York disguised by magic. You are investigating a crime when you uncover much bigger things going on in FabletownI highly recommend this game, especially now that all the chapters are out. I purchased it when only the first chapter of the game was out. I did not have to pay anything else other than the initial purchase price to get access to the additional chapters (there are 5 in total). The animation is good and the gameplay fun. The writing for the story is excellent and can really draw the player in. I would definitely give this game a try, especially if you can pick it up on sale for a good price! I have no qualms in saying, though, that, even if you pay full price, this game is worth every single penny you'll spend. TellTale really hit the nail on the head with this one."
76561198101088074,Recommended,250320,33795085,Posted: 25 July,all,Lucci,Can't wait for season 2. this game was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198119614642,Recommended,250320,34245412,Posted: 14 August,all,manifest,Simply amazing
,Recommended,250320,11160929,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,leothecarebear,"After playing all the way through the game, I strongly reccomend this game to anyone who likes to control the way the story goes. I think it was a wonderful storyline, brings fairytales to a whole new level. Overall it was a delightful game and I can't wait til Season 2 of the game comes out."
,Recommended,250320,11160992,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Noto,"Overall, a nice interactive adventure from Telltale. The game is based off the Fables graphic novels, which is an amazing concept. I love the game's style, humor, plot, characters, and I would also say writing if it had been more thought-out.It's a game entirely devoid of common sense at times: ""Why would you do that, Bigby? What's wrong with you? Why you can't you ___ or ___!"". Well, why? Because I was almost murdered an abundant amount of times, because these people are suspected of murder, because I'm just trying to get information, and etc. And, the dialogue is based off these outlandish notions that have no sense to it.It's not a small issue, but extremely prevelant, so much so that I find myself stuck with these or similar thoughts almost every single scene in the game. There's a whole lot of whining, going circles and circles, in a story that's otherwise extremely interesting. Still, it's a very nice adventure I'm glad I took.Edit done to cut down on unneccessary length."
,Recommended,250320,12119199,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,runewarden,"This is a very slick title, based on same engine as The Walking Dead. Light on puzzles and inventory, linear but will remember dialogue decisions to offer slightly different progression. The graphics are spot on, voice acting is perfect and character models and facial animation is top notch. It is a beautiful and thrilling title to play.What is isn't however is a traditional adventure game. The majority of dialogue prompts are time based, there are also quick time/button bashing sequences which are terrible on a touch pad. Controller or mouse is a must. It's a game that will require full attention and not allow time to decide on what to say, which I like but worth being aware of if a traditional point and click is what you are after.Highly recommended."
76561198007300752,Recommended,250320,15034955,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Blackadar,"By now the Telltale games shouldn't be much of a surprise in terms of gameplay. It's an interactive story. So the real question is what does TWAU have to offer you?I liked The Walking Dead series, so I decided to jump on this. I'm glad I did.This is a WEIRD world set in 80s NYC and somehow it works. It looks like the 80s in that the clothes, cars, neon setting, etc. all give it a realistic feel. Now populate that world with living, breathing fairy tale creatures like Beauty and the Beast, Snow White and the Magic Mirror  interwoven in a murder mystery and you have the makings of something unique. You're Bigsby Wolf - The Big Bad Wolf - and it's your job as Sheriff to investigate this murder.Along the way, you'll find a dark tale that shows that even fairy tales don't have happy endings - murder, slavery, depression, suicide and prostitution - all come into play. It's a great story made greater by a very interesting setting. As always, these ""games"" are more interactive stories and less game. The voice acting is well done and the plot interesting. The typical Telltale art style works well in this setting.Overall, this is one of the best Telltale-type games and I wholeheartedly recommend it for fans of the material or game style."
76561198131123840,Recommended,250320,25428530,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Harley Quinn,"I hate Snow. Such snobbiness; ugh. I mean she sent Toad and his kid away, she was mean to Bufkin (I know he has demon eyes but come on..) & overall Nerissa is wayyy better ;)"
,Recommended,250320,7840019,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Rurouni,"Excellent work by the guys @ Telltale again, the first chapter just absorbs you into the character of BigB, amazing intro to the fable city, engagging story, this ain't no pretty fairy tale its a brutal thriller."
,Recommended,250320,8642096,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mr. Octopicake,"Absolutely superior to Walking Dead in every way. Action is a lot more fluid, story is great and why haven't you bought this game? My only concern is that Telltale putting on so many projects that episodes will only be more sparse in between each other for each game.If zombies aren't your thing and you want a nice take towards the fairy tale type of game but with a slight modern feel to it? This is it. You may love Walking Dead Season 2, but if you love TWD you will love TWAU."
,Recommended,250320,8653838,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Formal_Dino,"Honestly even though only the first episode was released for this game, I highly recommend it. Telltale really knows how to get the player deeply involved in their games. Just like in The Walking Dead season one by them; they know how to play your heart strings, and how to cause you to become enraged in a split second. They really do have a standard that is well above the normal level for most game developers and is really shown through in this game. The Wolf Among Us is honestly one of the best games I have had the pleasure to play, just like The Walking Dead games by Telltale. So, if you are looking for a game to change your aspect on video games, you should really get this game, and let it show you that there is a lot more to a game then guns, gore, and explosions. Congratulations Telltale on another amazing game."
,Recommended,250320,7870028,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Chippers,"I'd say this game is miles ahead of TellTale's Walking Dead game, I liked TWD game a lot but I love TWAU way more. The story and characters feel a lot more alive(?) All around great game and cant wait for the next Ep."
,Recommended,250320,14361428,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,NihlusGreen,"Ruin more of your childhood memories as your favourite old story characters come to life as flea-bit landlords, pawnbrokers, two bit thieves, debt collectors, loan sharks, hard smoking detectives, strippers, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and more.Telltale at their very best."
,Recommended,250320,8062528,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,TARS,'The Wolf Among Us' is a great with a  story equal in caliber to the 'Walking Dead' games in a setting that I think most people aren't familiar with. A more detailed review can be found here on my blog:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2013/12/the-wolf-among-us-episode-one.html.
,Recommended,250320,9049511,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Tyllerö Vittu ;)),5/5
,Recommended,250320,10953798,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sofakissen,"It's not really the murder mystery that makes me keep playing The Wolf Among Us. It's the meta-narrative that let's this game stand on it's own besides all the similarities with Telltales award winning The Walking Dead series. Bigby is not only a stereotypical noir detective, he's also a metaphor for the stereotypical gamer. The often needless violence itself becomes a topic of the story and there's this one question Bigby and the player need to ask themselves: Do you enjoy it?"
,Recommended,250320,10783783,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FusionZGamer,Tackeled a chubby white midget and got beat up by his brother who was also around 4 ft tall 10/10 would get beat up by a midget again
,Recommended,250320,9768218,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,KENYA EAST,Smashed my keyboard by pressing the Q button.10 out of 10Would smash my keyboard again.
,Recommended,250320,29380046,Posted: 20 January,all,TNTFTB,"Superb! A story about fairytales in a city for matures, a golden setting, recognizable for just about anyone. A must-have if you are remotely interested."
,Recommended,250320,20110496,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shadowrunner,Better than watching non-interactive TV series.
,Recommended,250320,7369512,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Yawnstar,"Telltale has once again delivered a well-written adventure, this time with an added dose of stylish noir presentation. Faith begins Sheriff Bigby's adventure with an introduction that’s funny, brutal, and mysterious in the best possible ways. If this inaugural episode of The Wolf Among Us is any indication of the rest of the season, then Telltale's latest adventure game is set to provide an adventure every bit as memorable as Lee and Clementine's."
,Recommended,250320,18777798,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mighty Pillow,"I'm conflicted about The Wolf Among Us. I did enjoy the game and its story, but I feel like the pros and cons evened outPros:- I loved Bigby. I thought he was an excellent protagonist. One of my big gripes with games is when the main character isn't likeable. Bigby is a misunderstood bad guy turned good, and I think it worked well. The choices in the game also let you tailor Bigby to the kind of sheriff you want him to be.- It's a classic Telltale game. Episodic, story rich, and has choices you can make in the game.- The end of every episode left me wanting more. Luckily I bought the game after all the episodes came out.- Even though the game's idea isn't an original one, I still loved it. Fabled characters trying to adapt to the real world.- Wonderful voiceoversCons:- Even though I fell in love with Bigby, I disliked pretty much every other character except Toad and his son. I don't know if that is Telltale's fault or the comics, but I literally didn't care about most of the cast of characters.- The story kind of fell apart toward the end. It just got weird, and I felt it went downhill once Bloody Mary and the Crooked Man started playing a role. Also, Bloody Mary is probably one of the worst enemies I've ever witnessed in a game.- The illusion of choice: your choices in the game don't affect the story at all. The game hardly adapts at all to the choices you make.I say buy this game, but don't have high expectations.Also, there are no jump scares."
76561198323735004,Recommended,250320,28203562,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,dankmemes,This game is supa spicy. if it was a meme is would be supa dank.
76561198047918122,Recommended,250320,26468806,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Cherno Beta,"10/10, Got to talk to a drunk flying green monkey."
,Recommended,250320,7362700,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Hanuka,"Okay, so it's the new episodic quest game from TellTale Games, the guys behind Sam&Max and The Walking Dead, among with Back to the Future, Jurassic Park and more. That's why the question ""Well, how's the game?"" sounds absolutely dumb. The first episode is great, full of investigations, dialogues and combat (remember, that we play as Sheriff, infamous known as Big Bad Wolf). Telltale also made another step to non-linear plot, because now even events within one episode can turn it one way or another - like with ""new"" feature of timing (there are 2 places where you have to be urgently, and you have decide where will you go). Now it's not ""Save one or another, and he'll die 5 minutes after"" dillema from TWD - your choices really matters... Or the illusion is way stronger - it's hard to tell about that now, after just one episode.After all... If you like interesting plot with many twists, hard choices and good dialogues with great characters (some of them were taken from DC Comics) with a sweet taste of violence (there are many really violent fights, and some of them are avoidable) - come and get it. Geniuses from Telltale deserved it."
,Recommended,250320,8978250,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Three Skaven in a Trenchcoat,You share a smoke with one of the three little pigs.11/10 like skyrim with talking pigs
,Recommended,250320,8038382,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,TraviztY ッ,"TellTale has done it again. The Legendary group that brought you The Walking Dead Game is back with another great story! Considering I've only played the first episode. The game has me hooked already. The Characters, The storyline, the viloence, and the drama, have me itching for Episode 2 to release. Decide which path you will take as your actions will change the storyline. So be careful what you choose and think about the consequences. The controls are great and feel more comfortable than they did in the TWD Game. So there has been improvements to the engine. If you love a great storyline. This game is for you."
,Recommended,250320,16961031,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Lozza,"""Has to be one of my fav tell tale games, the storyline is great!, other than the walking dead this one siriously adapts the choices you make so be carefull and choose wisley.""10/10"
,Recommended,250320,19056266,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Ashes,"This game was nothing like I expected it to be, and I absolutely loved it. Telltale has a great way of immersing you in these games and making you feel all the feels! haha.This is like the only game you can play where fairytales do heroin and the little mermaid is a stripper. lmao.Story was great and they keep you guessing whats going on even up to the last conversation in this game.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,18830027,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Frustrataur,"I can't believe I discovered this game so late.  It captures so much of what I love about comic books and successfully makes them interactive.  It's gameplay-lite, but you'd expect that from a Telltale game.  Compelling story and intriguing characters and universe."
76561198067425684,Recommended,250320,11206240,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ThaumaturgeParrot,This game is so amazing that it should cost more money and I was on the edge of my seat until I fell off. I would highly recommend this game to anyone and also hope for a sequel.
76561197991077865,Recommended,250320,18948221,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dan,9/10This game took me by surprise. I had no idea that fables and fairy tales could be this interesting for a mature audience. In my opinion this is the best of the recent Telltale games.
76561197985387452,Recommended,250320,16652715,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Robin192000,"In a word, WOW.Very impressed with this game, nostalgia from fairy tales long forgotten from my childhood re-told in a cold and brutal way.Excellent action and fight sequences with very easy controls making you feel more like your directing a movie as much as watching it play out.10/10Highly entertaining!"
76561198073847627,Recommended,250320,9757980,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,nathan,i lave this
,Recommended,250320,19421667,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,daerksiea,"Game of the Year for me in 2014. If you haven't played it, do yourself a favor and remedy that."
,Recommended,250320,12423379,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,kmajor978,"Awesome in every way. If you're looking for the 'graphic novel' experience, this is the game for you.  Start to finish, the game should take you around 8 - 10 hrs, so it's well worth the buy for a few solid nights in. This is one of the few games that my wife loved watching, and it even replaced 'movie night' a couple times (ha!). Great fun, solid characters, and highly immersive environments. We give this one 4 thumbs up."
76561198032880254,Recommended,250320,9896616,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,NavalPiemaster,"Fairytales, Murder, Prostiutes, and Drinking. Doesnt get much better than ruining your childhood bed time stories :D"
76561198173010603,Recommended,250320,19235254,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,krabbie patties,"The best Telltale Game i had played, hands down."
,Recommended,250320,9206409,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,gaygoyle,"finally, i can know what it's like to be hot"
,Recommended,250320,10291071,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Gnimsh,"Wolf is another iteration of the Telltale Games studio that is more like a cirtual story, where you have some choices. It takes place in the tough world of Fables based on a DC/Vertigo comic book series. It's mature and captivating. The heroes in the series face unique challanges every day and the main character is a very likeable character, even though apparently everyone hates/ fears him. I can't wait how the series will end and I also hope that Telltale will continue to produce games in this world. I really love the graphics as well having this comic book feeling. The colours and atmosphere is just amazing."
76561198064766011,Recommended,250320,10294685,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Mohawk,Love it. It's worth my time and the cartoon grafic is just greate.
,Recommended,250320,7901933,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Woggy,"Having only played the first episode, I cannot say much. However, what I can say is that Telltale Games has managed to take the brilliance of The Walking Dead to another comic and emerged with the same result. A phenomenal game."
,Recommended,250320,10358024,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,The Weeknd Pepe,Excellent piece of game. Enough said.
,Recommended,250320,10257659,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,naga,very cool cery noir
76561198035567893,Recommended,250320,10353284,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,OK-47,"Firstly, this game is a must-play for fans of Fables. As a person who has been collecting Fables trades for years it was pretty great to see the characters fully animated and voiced. Also the setting in this game brought me way back to the very first Fables story; in the comics Bigby has come pretty far away from being the noir detective that he started out as, but playing The Wolf Among Us zapped me right back to those days in a really good way.This is the first Telltale game I've played that's structured like this, and to tell the truth it isn't so much a game. It's more of an interactive experience or a visual novel, seeing as there is no way to lose. Even if you make ""mistakes"" along the way you will still be pulled through to the end. Just like real life things come to an end whether you get stuck or not. I like this style of Adventure game because of those very reasons; since the game is built more around the main character's social interactions than solving obtuse puzzles, finishing conversations and examining everything becomes a priority.The writing in this game is probably it's most blairing selling point. It starts out being very cut-and-dry, with the backbone of the story being interesting but not something that seems like it would unfurl into a five episode adventure. But I was delightfully surprised by how much more invested I became with each episode I played, and by how cleverly each episode led into the next. It's got a great sense of itself, and the way the writers eerily reveal each facet of the mystery at a steady gait made me anxious and suspenseful over each unreleased episode.One of the most important features of any game for me is immersion. How easily I become immersed in a video game dictacts how long it will hold my interest. Even though The Wolf Among Us is about an established character with a very strong voice, I found myself falling into his shoes so easily. There were times where I would stay his hand instead of letting him get violent, only to find myself exhausted with being nice and wishing I could just let him thrash the next person he met. I think in large part the immersion came from the character's body language and voicework. Hearing the furstration in Bigby's voice when he couldn't crack some skulls made me frustrated, and then finally getting into a fight with someone who truely deserved it felt extremely cathartic and helped me blow off a lot of stream that I wasn't even entirely aware I had built up.But as much as I love this game, it does have it's faults. Majorly it's stop-and-go nature. This game is structured like a TV mini series and you have to wait for the next episode to be revealed just like you would on TV. Call me a curmudgeon but I kind of liked the old way of buying video games. Since there's nothing to hold you up in any given episode it dosn't take more than an hour to play each one; you are being pushed from scene to scene only getting a few moments to stop and get your bearings. The urgent quality of each scene mixed with the culled timeframe of episodic gameplay makes a very odd experience when combined and all told I kind of wish it was just one seamless game.The fact of the game moving too fast can also be faulted to the tiny window that you have to make each of the dialogue choices. In other games when it comes to dialogue imputs you are given a scene frozen in time to give you as the player enough space to mull over what the best course of action is, but in this game you are given a sliver of a window, sometimes only a few seconds. There were a few times where I had to click the first choice I read simply because I wasn't given the time to mentally brew over everything that could happen as a result, and others where my mind was so scrambled over what to do that I didn't click anything though I would have if I had been given enough time. The characters react to every facet of this dialogue engine, from the amount of time it takes you to answer to the choices you decide to make; this makes the game incredibly compelling because you're never entirely sure how deep it goes, whether a character's reaction is simply cosmetic or if there's something in the game's engine that lets you feel the ripple effect of your own choices. But while I like the feeling of the game and the world in it being alive, I hate the fact that it seems to get the better of me more often then naught.The choice to add the timed dialogue feature is also confusing to me because of the way it tally's player choices and gives you the percentage. When I look at the list after completing a chapter I get frustrated when I see it say ""you and 67% of players chose to..."" for a choice that I did not feel as though I conciously made.All of it's faults aside, this is an incredibly well-built experience that I have reccommended to all of my friends. So I thought I would just type a little thing and reccommend it to you too."
,Recommended,250320,8188377,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Junkrat,"Based on the Fable comics, play as Bigby Wolf. AKA the Big Bad Wolf in the Bronx.There's a Serial Killer in the midst and you as the great sheriff of Fable town must decide what leads to follow, and potentially who lives and dies. . ."
,Recommended,250320,7429553,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Kulzar,"This is shaping up to be an even better game than the Walking Dead! This is a truly intriguing detective story set in the amazing Fables universe. I absolutely love the atmosphere, the themes and the soundtrack."
,Recommended,250320,9804139,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Trash Bandijord,"After playing The Walking Dead and loving it, I saw Telltale was working on a new episodic series. Suffice to say I was a little sceptical, maybe it's because I knew nothing about the Fables worlds, nothing about the comic, nothing about Bigby... it just didn't hit off with me straight away. Now after playing it, I can say I may even like it MORE than The Walking Dead. I feel like everything has been created with such creativity, the writing, the voice acting, the cinematic feel, the grittiness of this dire world, everything fits together perfectly. I even felt myself getting angry at some scenes and wanting to do the 'bad' thing because it felt so satisfying and right in that moment, I've never felt that in a game. Playing as Bigby also creates a new dynamic not seen in a lot of games, where the main character is hated and frowned upon, you may like that sort of thing, you may roll with it and enjoy it, you may want to prove them wrong and prove that you've changed.I try to prove them wrong, but sometimes I just let the mask slip... just a little.But remember this: Bigby is the one who knocks... or kicks, or yells or unlocks it with a key, however you want to do it!"
,Recommended,250320,9800291,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,ys,"This game is really really.... really good. If you're thinking about getting it, don't hesitate. IMO this is better than the walking dead series. It's just too damn good."
,Recommended,250320,7788116,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Thank God For Me,"100 / 100 ""Would bang"" - IGN"
76561198051847913,Recommended,250320,8186881,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ComradeCatFace,Great story telling and art design! A point and click adventure game that tackles dark themes in a world filled with fairytale creatures. The only downside is the wait for the next chapter to begin...
,Recommended,250320,8227381,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,General_Monty,This game is amazing
76561198060614360,Recommended,250320,9061363,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,lewdlyn,I love love LOVE this game so far! Everything about it is amazing.And Bigby is one hot wolf ;)
76561198066727581,Recommended,250320,9276547,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Unironic Homeless Man,One of TellTale's best.
,Recommended,250320,9915174,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,fuzzy-logic,Only played two episodes but this game is awesome. My favorite bits are the UI. They should probably give their UI artists a raise.I also like how I get to be a detective and it turns out I am really good at being a detective. Who knew?I did because I am detective!
,Recommended,250320,9779123,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Orion,"Telltale Games did it again. Using a similar system of handling choices and consequences as in their ""The Walking Dead"" game(s), they distilled the game to what matters most: atmosphere, characters, choices. The film noir meets fairy tales setting works really well too.If you liked the ""The Walking Dead"" game, this one is absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,250320,9933806,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Computerrock1,"I was skeptical at first, I played point and click games as a child and have kept a prejudice against the genre believing that it was for very old school gamers or children. I'm very happy to say that is not the case.The Wolf Among Us is probably one of the best games I have ever played and I can't wait for the next episode to come out. It is a well thought out novel that you help write and while the destination may be similar with different playthroughs, the story is different every time and is always engaging!Side note, for those of you who are concerned about paying per episode you shouldn't, with the purchase of The Wolf Among Us Season 1, all episodes are included within that season."
,Recommended,250320,9077651,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Derkel,"2 episodes in and it has been stellar. Must buy for Telltale fans, and story fans alike."
,Recommended,250320,10187372,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,RSQViper,"I came into this not knowing anything about ""Fables"" or that it even existed. I simply bought this on the merit of The Walking Dead and I love the style and writing Telltale Games is going with. Let me say, that I am a bit blown-away with this game. The characters are so interesting with some excellent twists and turns in the story that is allowed because of the rich background of the game.My only gripe is that the last two episodes are considerably shorter than Telltale has demonstrated with The Walking Dead. But that's my only gripe. The writing is great and how seedy the game is with its story model really comes home scene after scene.It's also refreshing that you are actually making a difference in the order you decide to do things. You can save people by going one direction vs the other or you can miss clues by going to the wrong location.Great game. Get it."
,Recommended,250320,8281336,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zoko,Så sykt bra!
,Recommended,250320,8623349,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,d.,"Great story (your choices tailor the story), awesome developers, improved UI and what else could be more awesome than the big bad wolf surrounded by Fables?If you love adventure games then you will buy this anyway.If you never played an adventure game before then i would recommend trying any one of the tell tale games including this one (if you care too much about graphics, then just buy this or walking dead s1 or sam and max)I just dont want to spoil anything here about the game."
,Recommended,250320,8513217,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,McAce,"As a fan of the Fables series this is a blast to play through. Even though I know the story told in the Fables comic, this game will present to you a tale with enough twists to keep even the biggest Fables fan sitting on the edge of their seat. As of now there is no Episode II, III IV or V but I am really looking forward to it!"
,Recommended,250320,8995887,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,xX_LilGayToaster69_Xx,"Amazing, Just simply amazing, the design in this game is amazingly creative. The storyline is filled with suprises and makes you want to play more, and the fact that these are all about fairytales living in the real world, wow, this game is deffinately on my top 10."
,Recommended,250320,9108836,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,mech,"It's basically an interactive TV show, told through two hour episodes. Still very enjoyable tho!"
76561198011642698,Recommended,250320,9176484,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Wave,"You want a game, that's a fairy-tale murder mystery game? The Wolf Among Us is just what you need."
,Recommended,250320,9151946,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,jopepope,"Though this hasn't been released in full yet, I can say it's off to a great start. I'd kind of given up on the future of ""choose your own adventure"" interactive storytelling, but this has me convinced that there's still room for exploration there. Pretty tight package."
,Recommended,250320,9022987,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,hellgod,buy it now...the only thing you will regret is that not all the chapters are out yet
76561198041470628,Recommended,250320,8990597,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Salas200,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥yes
,Recommended,250320,9147134,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,saladin,"I don't have a clue what this would be like for someone not a fan of the comics, but bloody hell.  Telltale have captured the spirit of the books perfectly.  Great music as well."
,Recommended,250320,8672563,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Sandor Clegane,"Take The Walking Dead Game, and give it a noir feeling. Then make it much better. You now have The Wolf Among Us, at least so far. Episodes 3 and 5 are where the game is really going to prove itself, if TWD was any indication. This means that complete opinions cannot be formed until we see more, but what has been shown so far has great potential."
76561197977572219,Recommended,250320,8684790,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,NightShade,"This game is awesome.  The story, the graphics, the feel, everything that makes Fable Fable is in this game.  If you don't know the Fable graphic novel series than this game is a great introduction.  I have already played through the first chapter quite a few times.  Now only if they would hurry up with Chapter 2."
76561198007486406,Recommended,250320,8690810,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Mandalor,one of the best games ever!okay we wait really long for the next episode. but the game is incredible!!!
76561198067026617,Recommended,250320,8690892,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,The Mustachio Monkey (Mickyj21),AMAZING! really full of action exciting and amazing sory telling so far! Already played 12 hours of the first episode! highly recomend this game to everyone something you wont want to miss out on!
,Recommended,250320,8441804,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bear Punch,"You may be wondering why you should spend your money to play what appears to be 1/5th of a full game, well before the release of the game’s ending. Well for starters, drop your assumptions. The Wolf Among Us: Faith is an exceptional, full game in of itself right out of the metaphorical box; something which hopefully will be explained in this semi-short review.For more info, checkhere."
76561197994873233,Recommended,250320,8486239,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,WereWind,"This game comes from the Telltale Games, creators of The Walking Dead games series and it feels pretty much the same. It's not a game per se. more like an interactive movie, with interactivity limited to several point-and-click scenes, a handful of QTE and a couple of plot-developing choices. However it still mananges to keep you glued to the screen for the (short) duration of the game. Its strenagth lies in the plot, setting and character design that feel like they came straight from the comic books. My main gripe wth the game is its price - for a two-hour experience it's a bit too much. Hopefully the DLC will come ant a discount"
,Recommended,250320,8206367,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Komosh,"Simply loads of fun, I can't remember being impressed by an adventure games that much since Heavy Rain on the PS3! I even liked this more than the Waking Dead. This games just oozes style. Looks amazing IMHO this is the best game I have ever seen done in comic style rendering. Story is also great and game play is engaging and fun. Really loved it."
,Recommended,250320,8156193,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TheDevilDweller,"9/10 (so far) ~ Amazing gme. If you like Telltale Game's 'The Walking Dead' series, you should play The Wolf Among Us. I think it's better than The Walking Dead. Seriously can't wait for the next ep!"
76561198055102576,Recommended,250320,8407932,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,N-word Scissorhands,"♥♥♥♥ing great so far can't compare it the walking dead cause i never played it and just had enough of zombie themed entertainment for a while tbh what with the last of us , HOTD, LFD, and i am sure there's more but this is such a breath of fresh air. I'd happily pay more than 22.99 for this game. I give ep 1  5 out of 5 mark cerny's"
76561197996367202,Recommended,250320,10834239,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,gordav,"This game is rather comparable to a TV show with ""adventure game"" elements, but in my opinion this is what makes this game so special. The story is obviously the most important part of this game, and it's really interesting with a lot of twists and unexpected moments.What I like the most about this game though, is the graphics art and especially the speakers. Sometimes I got so into this game that I forgot I also have to press some buttons, 'cause I just wanted to watch what's happening.It is said all the time that your decisions form the story and what's happening all around, but in fact you can only really change some details, but the most important parts of the story aren't changeable. I found this a bit disappointing, nevertheless there's still episode 5 left to come out, and for me it was really worth buying it, even if I could spend ""only"" 7 hours with it so far."
,Recommended,250320,10809922,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jethro Tull,Its the best game you'll ever not play
,Recommended,250320,10859288,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Seethus,"Telltale's best adaptation yet, quality writing, engrossing storytelling and great art and animation."
76561198043629047,Recommended,250320,10898753,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aohnnovakk,"great game, story is solid. would buy again 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,10863268,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Betelgeuse Romanee-Conti,It is a good game with an interesting storyline that can completely change with every decision you make.
,Recommended,250320,10864079,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dave Red,"The game has an amazing history with great moments of action. If you are looking for a game that you can't stop playing since the begining, the wolf among us is a great option! One of my favourite games"
76561198102911088,Recommended,250320,10843823,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DecorusDesignation,Not enough good things can be said about this game
76561198014785901,Recommended,250320,9798560,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,inouva77,THIS GAME IS ALL SORTS OF AWESOME.  DEF MORE ADDICTING THAN THE WALKING DEAD... AND I LOVED THAT GAME TOO!
,Recommended,250320,11342143,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sir Jables,Amazing.  Story telling at it's finest.  This is even better than The Walking Dead.  I need to read more of the comics now.
,Recommended,250320,11294154,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Yom,"This Telltale has a lot of style. I didn't know the Fables comic book series so it was a pleasure to discover tribulations of those famous fable characters, hiding from humans and trying to survive in this dark and mature NYC. Same quality as Telltale's TWD globally but I definitively preferred Wolf for its atmosphere, its characters and its plot."
,Recommended,250320,11357658,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"It's hard to talk about without spoilers, so I'll write a terrible review instead and just say that you should play it. Not as emotionally demanding as The Walking Dead, but tells a great story none the less that you actually have an impact in."
,Recommended,250320,11362235,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Aitoraco,Another amazing game by telltale. Excellent story
,Recommended,250320,8269008,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Clanoman,"This is a great interactive story that lets you choose how the story unfolds. If you are looking for lots of gameplay, then this may not be suited for you although playing through multiple times and making different choices is also fun to do to see how your actions affect the rest of the story line. I really like how the story has multiple scenarios that the player can choose to play through and that there is more weight on some descisions than others making for some interesting gameplay.The story in itself is very intriguing as you play as dectective Bigbie Wolf(The big bad wolf) trying to solve crimes around the fables in Fabletown.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys story based games, murder mysteries, or point and click games. Play it for the story not the gameplay."
,Recommended,250320,11210247,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,JimmyGBA,Oh my gosh these game is awesome. TellTale did an awesome job with the gameplay just like they did with The Walking Dead. Pretty immersive storyline as well.
,Recommended,250320,10694250,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,i wish i was actually funny,i bought this game because the wolf guy is hot i think ^_^
76561198016485511,Recommended,250320,10876910,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,HappyCherry,"This Game is really really awesome!!!It has a great story with many twists, and I am sure that you will love the characters.I really enjoyed playing it and I kinda regret that I didn't buy it earlier.So when you like Walking Dead you will absolutly love this game!"
,Recommended,250320,11143643,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Shonen1984,"The quick and dirty""The Wolf Among Us"" is one of the best Telltale adventure games and a fine addition in their line-up. Highlights are the masterful setting, characters and voice acting, which all tie-in amazingly with the source material. Player choices and consequence are a key component of the gameplay, and is implemented very well indeed. The only real bummer is the overall length of the game - all 5 episodes will fly by in less than 10 hours.IntroductionThis is the first episodic Telltale game I've finished. Being a veteran of the Lucasarts and Sierra days, I have always been thankful of Telltale and their continued endeavor of making computer adventure games. But even as they brought back two of my most beloved franchises (Monkey Island and Sam & Max), I've never been able to finish the new games. Maybe I didn't have enough time, maybe it was the episodic format, or maybe nostalgia alone wasn't sufficient to keep me motivated to play these games.Setting""The Wolf Among Us"" is a whodunit detective story, in a seemingly simple fairytale-characters-live-in-the-real-world setting. I picked up ""The Wolf Among Us"" with absolutely no expectations, and I didn't know anything about its source material (Fables).  But I feel this is the game where everything clicks into place. The characters, story, and the gameplay are well executed. You play as Bigby Wolf - aka the Big Bad Wolf (from the story of the Wolf and the Three Little Pigs), who now is a film noir style detective. He works with Snow White, who is a civil servant of sorts in the community of fairytale people, Fabletown. The backstories, interactions between characters are masterfully executed. Although there are some differences with the comics, the setting and characters are remarkably well translated - the game is considered canon (prequel) and very rightfully so. The game has introduced me to the comics, to which I'm hooked to now.GameplayGameplay and puzzles are rather easy. While this deprives you of typical ""eureka!"" adventure game moments, it does manage to give the story a certain pace. Gameplay and dialogue choices are saved throughout the game - and will have consequences of varying impact. I still need to do a second and third playthrough - but the fact I already decided to do this, is a testament of how the choices seem to awaken a ""what if?"" curiosity.QTE's are very prominently present throughout the game, especially in action-oriented scenes. I've never disliked QTE's, as long as they are used appropriately. Considering this is an adventure game and not a third-person action game, I find their presence acceptible. Unforunately the QTE's are usually of the ""success or fail"" sort, and do not offer different outcomes or consequences.Finally, it must be mentioned that this game is short. The swift pacing means that the credits of episode 5 will roll in less than 10 hours. The game is priced accordingly (25 bucks, at the time of writing half off!) but it feels like a 2 hour pilot of a very promising television series. The final episode and ending by the way are quite satisfying - something that has been a hit-and-miss with Telltale in the past.Visuals and soundVisuals are done using the ""Telltale Tool"" engine - a Lua based engine that is already as legendary as SCUMM. Telltale has a certain visual style (there is almost always some cellshading going on) but this style is remarkably compatible with the Fables comics. I thought the graphics were absolutely delightful - not because of Frostbite-level technical panache - but because of art direction, camera work, and attention to detail.This flair combines well with the music. This is immediately apparent in the introduction sequence - which feels like the intro from a AAA animated television series. Well done.A special mention goes out to the voice acting. All characters are voiced exceptionally well. Bigby for instance (Adam Harrington) is a great mix of a downtrodden cop and pent up rage fitting of a wolf-in-disguise. I kept hearing StarCraft 2's Tosh in Bluebeard though (Dave Fennoy). And if you've played Saints Row 3 and 4: one of the female characters is in this game as well. I'll leave it to you to discover her :pConclusion and gradesI love this game. I want more. I'm currently buying all the comics (20 dollars/deluxe collected issue - there are 9 T.T) The Wolf Among Us is a great adventure game that ties in perfectly with its source material. Although it is not the most challenging game, and it ends too soon, its story, characters and setting make it a truly memorable adventure game experience. It's bravo once again, Telltale.8,5/10."
,Recommended,250320,9811786,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,HuffingtonPants,I love Wolf Among Us and I want to have it's babies.
,Recommended,250320,11251171,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ddyu™,Simply incredible. Telltale once again shown us why they are the kings of storytelling.
,Recommended,250320,11161119,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Nixxo,"I cannot believe how good this game actually is! MUCH better than anything they've previously released... Hope they can keep it going! The ONLY thing wrong with this game is that is just a bit on the short side… Took me 8 hours to complete! But those 8 hours were really, really, really well done! I enjoyed it alot and I would gladly recommend it to everyone that loves a good story!"
,Recommended,250320,11167463,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,zs.gothpunk,"Interesting characters and storyline. If you are a fan of Changeling: the Dreaming or Changeling: the Lost, you should give this game a try. A very nice interpretation of classic folk tales. (I know it is based on a series of comic books, but I met the univers in this game and I think it is working well in this medium.)While you don't have much time to make up your choices in the game and the character movement and overall pace of the game is rather slow, the animation and the voice acting is perfect, thus the problems are not so disturbing. Choices have a significant effect on the story, however, due to the slow pace of the game, I'm afraid that the replaying of the game will not be so satisfying."
,Recommended,250320,11372371,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,The Kawaii Anime Queen! :3,This is one of my absolute favorite games of all time! I may be a bit biased due to the fact that I am a hardcore Disney and fable fan but regardless of that I think this is right up there with The Walking Dead. I think The Walking Dead was a bit more emotional for me and hence I tended to like it a bit more than The Wolf Among Us but the characters and the references are what really appealed to me and won me over here. Try this game if you like darker themed Disney or fable stuff. I have a feeling you'll like it! :3
,Recommended,250320,11238725,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,nogoodreason,"I would've played this game months ago had I known it was a noir detective story set around fairytale refugees living in grime and magical squalor in the underbelly of New York, and the protagonist is The Big Bad Wolf trying to reform himself and leave his huffing and puffing in the past.Made by the same guys who did The Walking Dead series, this is a choose-your-own-adventure story with great replay value. It's just the right length, and simple enough that even people with little or no gaming skills can still appreciate it. It's dark, delicious, and just the right amount of evil."
76561198026982712,Recommended,250320,11541326,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BigXAlex™,"Intense game! I enjoyed this point and click. You shape your own future, you can even be a MUTE!!! Buy this game, install this game, play this game, cry, laugh, hate, emote, walk, click, smoke and then unistall after you finished."
76561198101264895,Recommended,250320,11366476,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,GenuineClamhat,"The Tell Tale games are great when you just don't have the energy for other games.  They are like interactive movies that both enterain and engage.  I find the company's games perfect for a quiet night in where I can stuff my fae with food and still be able to easily engage in a game (I am not very good at multitasking food and games!).  The Wolf Among Us is based in the universe of the Fables comic book series.  It felt very true to the series for those who are big fans.  The first season surrounds a mysterious murder of a Fabletown inhabitant that the main character, Bigby Wolf (The Big Bad Wolf) encounters very early in the story.  There is mystery, murder, magic, and fantasy as well as some good old fashioned gore.  There are several plot twists that are quite catching.I personally look forward to another season of this series.  I have enjoyed it just as much as The Walking Dead.  It's a different genre but the story gets better and better as you go.  It's been years since I really have enjoyed point-click story games.  Tell Tale Games has done a great job with everything I have played of theirs so far.  Even if it is not my cup of tea, I have picked up their games and always found myself enjoying the story.  I hope you will give this one a chance.  You may fight yourself pleasantly surprised by the darkness twisted into our childhood tales."
,Recommended,250320,11418042,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Eric The Scot,Amazing game set in a rich world! Made me feel responsible for each an every desicion i made
76561198007519194,Recommended,250320,11382868,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Godfearpeaches,"This game has now turned me on to point and click story games. The story and style keeps you entertained through the whole story. The whole down part is that there is not more of it. It makes for a really enjoyable day of playing. But that is it. I finished it and feel despite I could go back and change a few decisions, I don’t think it would make that much of a difference."
,Recommended,250320,11184037,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Weldon,"I'm not real big on adventure games, they're just not my thing. That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed ""The Wolf Among US."" The story was excellent, the concepts and morals, and the methods in which they were challenged, were well thought out and tied into the story nicely. Overall, there were only a few instances where I picked a choice and went, ""that's not what I thought that was going to do,"" or ""that's really not what I wanted there.""I bought the game after it was finished, and on sale, and overall, playing through this game was like reading a book you just can't put down, and before you know it, the first rays of dawn are poking their ways through your window, as you call in sick for work because you've still got 2 episodes left to finish.Excuse me while I go buy their ""Walking Dead"" games."
,Recommended,250320,11606175,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Mr. Self Destruct,"After finishing this game, I can say this;I WANT ANOTHER SEASON!!!!!I really enjoyed playing this game, my first play through of it was me playing the nice wolf because in games (Like Mass Effect, The Walking Dead etc) I try to be the nice guy. I did however go through it again as a total♥♥♥♥♥hole and I gotta say, the games characters can be really different towards you.The story was simple, but there is a good twist at the end at which I shall not spoil for anyone who is reading this and have not played the game yet. But I will say this - Telltale have to make another season of this game. The best thing about making a game on the series ""Fables"" (Which I have read up to volume 9) is that there is a lot of things you can do with the universe.I enjoyed the games characters as each one had there own seperate personality which can challenge the player in very difficult situations. And the voice actors did a top notch job. I really did feel the voice actor for B.Wolf really suited him.The best part I really did like about this game is that it was never really clear or not if you had a choice in something, for instance (I'll try my best to not give too much away) there is a part where you are promted to hit someone, so I decided not to do anything to see what would happen. And the game continued on as normal, I don't really know if what I did had a significant impact on the outcome of the game, I just really wanted to point that out.Brilliant game for those who like story and character interaction. Would reccomend to The Walking Dead fans!"
,Recommended,250320,12191871,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,TMK,[GLASS HIM]Epic :)
76561198069602337,Recommended,250320,10964685,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,tubytoast1,this game has the best storyline in the world if you have not played this game it will roc your socks off play it......now
,Recommended,250320,11974310,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,"The Wolf Among Us is a lesson that games point n 'click can be interesting, exciting and, above all, beautiful. There is not incorrect situation, superfluous or unnecessary dialogues. All elements are present in the game in the right measure to form an experience that will be unforgettable for those who are behind the screen and mouse. Even after the end of this adventure so many ups and downs, it is certain that it is a longing to interact with each character and find out more about each of his fantastic and unusual stories."
,Recommended,250320,11957478,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Digling,"My rating for The Wolf Among Us is four stars. It narrowly misses out on top marks due to the above-mentioned technical hiccups. It also feels like Telltale is just emulating Walking Dead’s winning formula instead of innovating. If I had to compare the two, I would say that Walking Dead made more of an emotional impact on me. The Wolf Among Us however edges out the contest for most colourful characters, thanks to its cast of fairy tale stars. Story wise I would say that TWAU is the better of the two, as its mystery yarn is more interesting than a zombie apocalypse tale. TWAU also has a powerful ending, which trumps Walking Dead’s “fishing for a season two” finale. Should Telltale ever abandon video game production they should consider entering the marketing business instead. Just like The Walking Dead, after finishing The Wolf Among Us I am interested in sampling the comic it is based off. They are in effect making interactive adverts that I am happy to buy!"
,Recommended,250320,12033983,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Cthulhuhoop,A fantastic example of in-depth storytelling and profound characters. The twists and turns along the way are well-executed and the world in which these deviant Fables live is one I desperately hope is explored in a second season. An absolute must for anyone who loves story-driven games and RPGs.
,Recommended,250320,11380138,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Lollero,11/10
76561198074267411,Recommended,250320,11254277,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,kinderjane,"Awesome story. The first few lines of dialogue caught me off guard and really set the tone for the rest of the game.. and the art style is just beautiful. Learning about all the different fables and their stories after ""Happily Ever After"" is an awesome addition to the main storyline. The fighting sequences are both hilarious and satisfying.. Bigby Wolf isn't exactly hard on the eyes either.. Great game, can't wait to start Season 2.8.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,11155852,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Robot Magician,[Smoke] *end episode*
,Recommended,250320,11250818,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Dr Hat&Clogs M.D.,The Wolf Among Us was awesome. That is all.
76561198003700217,Recommended,250320,11270460,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Zomby,Wolfy goes rawr
,Recommended,250320,7735055,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Kappa Omicron,"Honestly, I didn't think I'd find it easy to get into this game at first since the story didn't really interest me that much. I only purchased it because it was made by TellTale Games, and I thoroughly enjoyed their Walking Dead Season One.Boy was I wrong, I got into this game within the first 10 minutes and the game just wouldn't let me go. The voice acting and characters are great, story is interesting and makes you want more. Worth every penny."
76561198080598856,Recommended,250320,10842262,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Pahsta,"Fabulous animation, great voice acting and dialogue... exciting action sequences. The Wolf Among Us is a great game of player choice, where the co-inhabitants respond believably as you good-cop or bad-cop your way through a fantasy noir epic.In my top five favorite games."
,Recommended,250320,16590836,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ember Jay,"I'm a really big fan of Telltale's games. The Wolf Among us certainly does not disappoint. I am of the opinion that The Wolf Among Us is better than both seasons of The Walking Dead as well. If you like The Walking Dead, surely you'll like this game as well. Telltale, as always, has done a great job with an interactive story that keeps you guessing and makes you wonder if you made the right decisions along the way."
,Recommended,250320,14116138,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ThatCubanDude,"i bought this game knowing it was going to be good because of all the good things i have heard from this game, and all of the good reviews, but oh boy it was even better. The story is fantastic, the characters are some of the best. Is not often that you get to play a game that has you on your chair bitting your nails and yelling oh ****. In the end the Wolf among us is definetly on my top games of all times. So scroll up, and press that ""add to cart"" button, or you will regret it that you missed out on such a great game."
,Recommended,250320,16658730,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The Slump God,This isn't GOTY wtf? 11/10
,Recommended,250320,12023758,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,SirSmiles,I have never been so amazed by a game since Bioshock Infinite. This is pretty much not the same but it has the same amount of awesomeness in it!I can highly recommend this game for anyone who adores a great story and deep character-profiles!Please play. For your own good!
76561198051934181,Recommended,250320,10817323,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pollymacho,"Welcome the Fabletown. Where the fairy tales you heard as a child hide there physical apperences with magic and live the real world. As you can tell from the title this game involves a wolf. The Big Bad Wolf himself who is called Bigby. You are the sherif of Fabletown and its your job to keep your fellow fable pals for killing each other. This game is a point and click game but it makes it self a very good title. Let me explan. You see the game offers great dialonge from all the characters, very awesome and intense combat situations, and what makes itself even better is that you can chose how things play out. An exsample of this would be that you are trying to get some evidence from a suspects house but right when you are about to, your friend calls and says he needs your help. The hard part is that you cant visit both at the same time and if you go to one first, you could be missing something very crutial at the same time at the other place. And please note the game is pretty dark so be sure to keep that im mind. But what makes it so spectacular is that it feels like a awesome crime show with you playing as a extremaly awesome main character. Bottom line this game is a fantasitc and should be played by anyone intrigued."
76561197993004763,Recommended,250320,18378949,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Kanglor,"Telltale has done it again, the world, the voice acting and especially the story were all excellent."
,Recommended,250320,12818322,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Pyxis,"PROS+ engaging storyline and characters+ stylish, well defined art style+ replay valueCONS- sometimes Bigby's dialogue options didn't make sense based on previous behaviour or discoveries- the faster QTEs made it difficult to tell if you'd actually succeeded or notVERDICTThe Wolf Among is had its flaws but it was definitely worth the money, and I'd recommend it to anyone who's interested in this kind of genre."
,Recommended,250320,10673404,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FirstLightZero,"I went into The Wolf Amoung Us as a fan of Telltale games already and as someone who absolutely loved the first season of The Walking Dead. In my mind, there was no way that Telltale could top the story of TWD S1, but I am happy to say that I was wrong. I cannot express how deeply engrossed into this story I am. It is easily on of my top 3 games that I've played this year and a serious contender for GOTY when the time comes. Give this one a try, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250320,18448418,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,yuptr,"Mostly QTE and dialogue options, linear gameplay (about 7 hours, probably more if you want to see all outcomes).But oh man, the story and atmosphere. Really makes you feel like the ""Big Bad Wolf"" that he is.Hopefully Season 2 someday (instead of working on Minecraft wtf...)!"
76561198011882305,Recommended,250320,18433835,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Drotsaska,"Full marks on this one. What can be better, than being a brutal enforcer, a noir detective, and a real badass monster with a heart, all in on go? The setting is obvious, if you know the comic, but anyway, you'll figure it out. You have all the cool dialogs, heartbreaks, and actions in a good balance. The story is well tailored, the caharcters are really colorful, so it's far better than a million dollar blockbuster from hollywood (not to mention the fun time you will have). Belive me, once you take the first step of the game, you can hardly stop until the end. Way to go, ttg."
76561198218800792,Recommended,250320,17734261,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,The Rhinopotomus,Great for fans of Fables.
,Recommended,250320,16876861,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Holland March,"I'm not a fan o TWAU makers, and the way they make games. I like to play not to watch amazing story, but this game is different, fantastic atmosphere, great noire style, music that only makes you fall in love in this game. Some sort of detective story, you feel you can change. Authors say that your choices really make the difference, and I feel that this is true. Everything has a limit and this freedom is also limited, but you really feel like making your own story! It took me one day to end the story, but I was possessed by this game, and could stop playing :) For me it's 9/10 and you should really play this game!"
,Recommended,250320,17953020,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Miss Vela,"If you enjoyed The Walking Dead video game, you'll also enjoy this. The gameplay is pretty much the same, but the setting and story is a gritty, noir fantasy in modern New York with classic faery tale characters with a very mature tone. If you're a fan of the Fables comics, this takes place before the first issue and is definitely worthy of your time."
,Recommended,250320,15749470,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Old Guy Games,"One of Telltale's best games.  This is where they solidified their formula, and presented us with some of the most riveting and engaging story-driven gameplay yet produced.Wat for this one to go on sale, as it seems to happen quite often, and nab all five episodes.  The story is second to none, the art style is amazing, and the voice acting SHOULD have been award-winning.  This is a game that treats you like an adult, and plays so well and so smoothly that you'll be driven to complete the story.  There is even a fair amount of replay value to try out different choices and see how the story changes.Sure, the big story doesn't change that much, but just like life, it's the little things around you, and the people you directly interact with that can make enough differences to keep you coming back, and playing a different Bigby many times."
76561198214137315,Recommended,250320,18450793,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Renar,10/10 definetly a must play game
76561198077212237,Recommended,250320,18419849,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tripley_,Another great story from Telltalles. I can't wait to get my hands on the second one comming out later this year.
,Recommended,250320,18461031,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,im going to pick brew,one ending is good one is bad me and 10.59% got the good ending will u ;).
,Recommended,250320,18558048,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,astron82,"Excellent world and atmosphere, great story & characters. In my opinion, the best telltale game out there so far. The only downside is that it's a bit short. I finished it in about 10 hours, so keep that in my mind when buying it."
,Recommended,250320,13279743,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,mrotszl,"This game is......wow, just wow."
,Recommended,250320,11140216,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,susboy,"What a journey. Wait... What are you reading this for? Go get it and play it, yo!"
,Recommended,250320,16612550,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ty-Dragonmist,"I loved this game. Its one of the best games I have played in years and also one of my favorites from TELLTALE GAMES. (Aside from The Walking Dead series)It's refreshing, Action packed, Intriguing and will leave you guessing till the last possible moment. Althought it's only 5 episodes, those 5 do not dissapoint.They took the wold of Fables and Urban Legends and brought them to our world in a new and unexpected way. This game has done justice to all those Fables and spun them in a new light. I highly recommend this.Besides, who doesn't want to be the Big Bad Wolf?"
76561198099240249,Recommended,250320,9047956,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Bloody Snake,"Brilliant game and another masterpiece by Telltale Games.This game has an amazing atmosphere that fits the setting perfectly. The great TT artstyle also adds upon that.The story is engrossing and tense, it's way mature than TT's The Walking Dead. It's more dark and grim in comparison.The design of Fabletown and the beautiful soundtrack makes the game truly a masterpiece. The gameplay consists of Point & Click but more action focused because of the more violent sequences. Bigby is a badass protagonists. and the cast of characters alongside him are awesome as well. The Dialogues are well written and you have the choice of what to say and the option to choose how to act. I highly recommend this game if you can appreciate a good story in games."
,Recommended,250320,8916514,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,HorusOsiris,"I love this game and would highly reccomend it.I found the story fascinating, intriguing, funny and very well delivered.The choices I make feel valuable and of consequence instead of just filler to add suspence.The action was intense but I never felt as though it was the exciting highlight of an otherwise dull moment, everything progressed very smoothly.I often find TellTale games a bit more pricy then they need to be but The Wolf Among Us is more than worth it."
,Recommended,250320,13590943,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Darkz01,you cant get to see Little Mermaid's♥♥♥♥♥♥and boobs anywhere but here...15/10 for me lol...
76561198015204910,Recommended,250320,12991430,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,BĩšħőpļşŴőńđąŠŏŋ,An extra treat for those who have read the graphic novels such as myself. Follows a film noir structure. MY OVERALL GRADE: B plus to A minus.
76561197974198002,Recommended,250320,9766458,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Alyssa Princess,GOOD!
,Recommended,250320,10747645,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,tUgler,In the first episode i pushed a guy out the windows where he then had a axe shoved into his head and then I had a drink with him in the third episode.20/10 would download againCurious?
,Recommended,250320,15709431,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,PEUNCE_MIN,YEP.
,Recommended,250320,8099978,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Ze,some of telltales finest work
,Recommended,250320,11154779,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,R0d3ricK,nice presented tale.... quite inspiring!
,Recommended,250320,23929714,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Injy,"One of my favourite episodic games, and by far my favourite from Telltale (surprising, considering how much I adored Sam and Max)."
,Recommended,250320,18433114,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tikst,"This was my first Telltale game so i dont have anything to compare with those, i think its very good game specially if you like games where your choices affect the game. Art style is excellent and story is even more excellent, i totally recommend this game, if you were wondering all 5 episodes are great and the game is little over 7h long. Go buy it."
76561198055938832,Recommended,250320,11138923,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mr.Mickey,THAT WAS AMESOME
76561198090322014,Recommended,250320,10435353,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Winter,Dectective game for all people who like/know of fairy tales
,Recommended,250320,14598502,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Reminiscence,"Who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf? Based on the Fables graphic novels, The Wolf Among Us is a fantastic game. Fairytale figures - known as Fables - have left The Homeland to find a new existence on Earth, most of them deciding to settle in New York. You play as Bigby Wolf, a detective who is employed by 'Fabletown's' council. When a Fable ends up being murdered in mysterious circumstances, Sheriff Bigby sets out to investigate the case.It is a great story, with lots of little twists and some pretty tough choices. If my summary of the story seemed a bit too brief, well, that's intentional, because there is literally no reason to play this game for anything but its story. This is a 'Telltale narrative game' that plays exactly like Telltale's The Walking Dead. The game consists of light exploration, lots of conversations with timed dialogue choices and QTE combat scenes. Personally, I found the combat in this game much more enjoyable than in The Walking Dead because you are playing as a really powerful character who can cause some serious damage. As things get more heated, Bigby becomes more and more wolf-like... and it's great.The graphics of this game are also phenomenal. The colours are very vibrant and the general aesthetic is just lovely. It is an excellent example of how style alone can make a game visually gorgeous. The atmosphere is pretty much flawless, with a solid synth soundtrack that is never quite in-your-face. I appreciate how subtle the music often is, personally.There are only two downsides to this game. The first one is... It's a Telltale Tool game. Everything looks great, for certain, but the animations are rather janky. It is not overly jarring, but... You can clearly tell that they are using outdated animation models.The second downside is not really a downside, but it is certainly something that requires some getting-used to. Bigby is not exactly a nice man-wolf-thing. A seemingly innocuous dialogue choice like ""I'm hunky-dory"" will make him aggressively blurt out ""I'm just HUNKY-DORY, THANK you for ASKING!!!"". Now, I am not sure if I am giving Telltale too much credit here, but it seems to me that they have intentionally done this to illustrate how difficult it is for Bigby to keep his bestial nature in check. If my theory is correct, I'll give them loads of credit for that. If it is not, well... Then the dialogue options should have been clearer, if you ask me.All in all, if you want a great story with a compelling premise and you do not mind a limited amount of actual gameplay, this is definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,250320,11138305,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Khgamer96,This game is so amazing. Kept me on the edge of my seat and thirsty for more
,Recommended,250320,21555422,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,peace was not an option,"(It's freaking Hugh Jackman, ok) Anyway, the Wolf's background story is overwhelmengly romantic. The game itself is okay. 6/10."
,Recommended,250320,9307220,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Alaina-Pearl,"My favorite steam game yet :D Tell Tale nailed it again. Like other TT games, it requries the player to make choices based on personal opionion, and certain events happen based on your choices. Can't wait for the next part!"
,Recommended,250320,9842947,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,The Rapping Mouse from Barnyard,It is absolutely impossible for Telltale to make a bad game. What a ♥♥♥♥ing thrill.
76561198054161977,Recommended,250320,11465168,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Kasires,"Pros: *Smoking counts as a dialogue choiceCons: * Couldn't get Snow in bedVerdict: * Fables comics are great, check them out"
,Recommended,250320,13514416,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,OleStumpyLegs,"This game is fantastic, draws you right in and you don't stop until it's finished. Amazing characters, voice acting and art. Could always play through more than once and watching others (Such as sips) play is still as captivating as the first play through. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,250320,24859781,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hussainbub,"my First telltale game ever , and to describe it well .. i never thought i will be enjoying play this kind of game , great story , great characters , great graphics and oh my god the way u play is very exciting and the ending was something else i loved every thing about this game and i cant wait to buy other telltale games!!!!!!U SHOULD PLAY THIS >> BIGBY"
76561198054880867,Recommended,250320,24719463,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,yalokin,"Probably the best story plot ever or at the very least has one of the best character that has ever been made in video games.  Bigby the main character is the Sheriff and the Big Bad Wolf.  Truly genius with the plot set in NYC with the characters being from various fairy tales.  Lots of awesome and funny dialogue between characters and sometimes spine chilling detective work.  I don't like having my one and only favorite game but if I did Wolf Among Us would be a contender.  I'm not comletely sold on this game though because it is only Season 1 that has been released and my paranoia of money grabbing studios sets in with the anticipation of Season 2.  So far though it has been the best game, story wise, I have played in a while.  And don't get me started on the art work."
,Recommended,250320,11340226,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,FR3D0,Great game! If you like story-focused games this is perfect for you!
,Recommended,250320,10293123,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Lank from California,The Big Bad Wolf detective with nothing to lose but his pants.
76561198034723763,Recommended,250320,9766037,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,WAH,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,250320,13275628,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Draylynn,"Unexpected, totally smashing game."
,Recommended,250320,7722388,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,vSchiffer,"Telltale have mastered the art of meaningful storytelling in video games. While this game doesn't have The Walking Dead juggernaut franchise to back it up, it follows the lesser known fairy-tale centred  Fables comic series and does so beautifully.This isn’t a game for The Walking Dead fans, this game is BETTER than Telltale’s The Walking Dead."
,Recommended,250320,11141415,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RiffRaff,"Between the outstanding art style, engaging script, endearing characters, top notch voice acting, and a satisfying conclusion this is easily Telltale's best game to date.  Well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,250320,8222231,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Brownperson,"This game is great. The voice acting is amazing and the writing too which manages too be funny yet dark and mysterious at the same time.  The characters and the setting are fantastic but this is a licensed game based on the comic book series ""Fables"". The story didn't hook me in right away but by the end I can say with certainty I'm hooked. The action sequences can be annoying at times but they keep you on your toes and are fun to watch. The dialogue options aren't that extensive but you have a timer so four options is pretty good. Barely any major technical issues except this one minor issue I experienced; I walked into a room and the camera angle didn't but I walked out and back in and it worked. The artstyle is cel-shaded, colourful and contrasting which makes it look very comic-book like and it also runs on low end PCs. Overall, this game is amazing, too bad you can't buy it episode by episode, and is worth it even at full price."
,Recommended,250320,13254053,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,b3nderz,"Great story, awesome DA, interesting background and great music. I enjoyed the trip !"
76561197984139520,Recommended,250320,13509659,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,william_stout,"An interesting take on classical fairytale characters. The world is dark and gritty, and the old adage of living happily ever after is revealed as a myth. There is a host of social ills experienced by the citizens of Fabletown, and it is your job protect and serve as you investigate the murders. Of course, your reputation as being one of the most heinous fables of legend does not make that job any easier.The camera is limited and there is no open world, but you won't be bored as you progress through the well written story and interact with NPC's that you will care about. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,250320,11278118,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,sforza,Realy amazing storytelling but a little bit more speed or better action scenes would do well
,Recommended,250320,11177183,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Grant,Hooker Decapitation Simulator 2014
76561198076219306,Recommended,250320,23964523,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DatBoiAhmedico,"Intersting story, great voice acting, great characters. Just go play it now"
,Recommended,250320,13923302,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Benito Cluesman,"Captivating story, interesting characters, good music, lot of decisions to make, lot of violence (optional) and a few minor graphical glitches. I do recommend this game to everyone."
76561198053328009,Recommended,250320,13081113,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Hyrr Ulfr,"Dat storyDem feelsDem CharactersDat arwork and DAT music....probably the best game I've played this yearyou'll find that it shares the negative side of being a bit short so you'll want more, and the bright side of it being a bit short so it won't completely consume your life ruining everything in the real world for you because ""who needs life when you have TWAU?""It's like... eating a the best piece of expensive Belgian chocolate you've ever had... totally worth it even if it's a bit small and heck, you'd buy it and eat it again to be honest"
76561198021308169,Recommended,250320,28365441,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shovel Lover,"A little goofy at times, but one of Telltale's finest stories."
,Recommended,250320,11195769,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,burgethebeardedwonder,Wow just wow.
76561198058856114,Recommended,250320,11162879,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,"Swabbie,The Cum Chugger",This game ♥♥♥♥ing rocked my wiener. I have never played a story based that showed as much intensity and emotion as this one has. Keep it up tell tale.
,Recommended,250320,22590682,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Dbloob,it has been a while since the last time I was so engaged in a game...this  game gave me this feeling again. 10/10 would use voilence again.
,Recommended,250320,21057124,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,TheWadeTucker,"Episode 1: err....looks ok, funny o.OEpisode 2: oh my, really insteresting, i need to know what will happen next :DEpisode 3: WOW! So amazing, incredible, just keep getting better and betterEpisode 4: good God, this is getting so intense, my choices, need more, come on, moreeee *o*Episode 5: HOLLY MOLLY! all my past choices becoming very important, and so many choices to make now, im gonna have to replay this at least 3 more times and the ending is...MINDBLOWING!10/10 we need season 2 asap!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,250320,11192663,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Arkanoid,"9/10The Wolf Among Us is in my opinon the most memorable TellTale game to date. I bought it during the sale and I would buy it again for full price. The story takes place In a world in which fables have found a way into the ""human world"", where a detective is trying to solve a case. The pacing of the game is really good, with the dialogue taking place in realtime allowing the player to respond directly and more impulsively. The cinematography and dialogue are tailored to suit several major decisions that allow the player to make small changes to the linear plot. This is something I could appreciate as it stimulates replay value as some pieces of information are not presented in some of the brancing paths."
,Recommended,250320,20911800,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Moshi,"Where your options matter, this game is probably has one of the best story lines! It keeps you at the edge of your seat to want to see what happens when you choose a different choice than what you have chose before. Definately a game that I would come back to and play again just for the story line alone.9/10"
76561197997550556,Recommended,250320,10323999,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jabberwockey,"The game will keep you on your toes - on the one hand because you have no time for decisions that will change the story for all the scenes to come, on the other because the plot is complex and not one of those straight-forward see-through schemes. Bigby, aka ""The Big Bad Wolf"", aka YOU, is a surprisingly complex character. He has a dark past, a dark gift, yet he's the law enforcement of Fabletown. It's deeply intriguing that Telltale let's you decide how his personality develops. Does he give in to his animalistic side? Does he show remorse, trying to be better? Does he give in to the apparent love interest? Or is he too socially awkward? What's his relationship with the social outcasts of Fabletown? That's totally up to the player and that's deeply enjoyable.Depending on the situation I play Bigby as a compassionate guy trying to do what's right - but as of late, when the game allowed to be a bit more sinister, I discovered that I like to play out the creepy side of him as well. With interesting effects. But that's the beauty of it. Your Bigby will be your Bigby. And that makes it very interesting on top of an interesting story, interesting characters and a nice noir setting."
,Recommended,250320,19915354,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,morgan.h.floyd,"After Fables the comic book finished with #150, I decided to play this game.  I really enjoy Wolf Among Us.  The voices I found weird because I was see to hearing them in my head for 10 years, but Bigby sounds perfect.  I like the game play of this game and hope to see they make more seasons as well."
,Recommended,250320,20030003,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lunasmell,Good Game 10/10 pow pow
,Recommended,250320,20127093,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,You wouldn't download a car,"The best TellTale series to date in my opinion, the graphic novel is also excellent and this game might be slightly better. Inspired, creative, compelling, it's the whole package."
76561198125399870,Recommended,250320,20304590,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Noob,in's fun .....that's it
,Recommended,250320,19150366,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,TaikaHiro,"Great comics, awesome game, hot protagonist... What more do u want to know?"
,Recommended,250320,20646126,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,goeywong,"Great and flavorful story, with nice graphic + musicYou could choose the path you want, and it does affects the outcome.Played one time is never enough, there will be a second and third times coming because of different choices lead to different paths :DHighly recommend for those who loves telltale games!"
,Recommended,250320,12876429,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cheshire,"A beautifull, compelling game, it's definitely worth it !"
,Recommended,250320,11355082,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Chenzo,"I'm not entirely sure how Telltale managed to make something with all these characters not be... silly. But it's not... I think it might be the seriously good voice acting. I might even have to rate this higher than the walking dead... and while the walking dead pinged me emotionally, this gripped me and pulled me in to the story where I had to keep playing night after night to find out what was going on.The ending set up Season Two (I'm guessing...) I'll probably have to own that as well.This is a game I want to make my non gaming friends play (or atleast watch...)"
,Recommended,250320,20137100,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lil Licky,Just go buy it.
76561198009893444,Recommended,250320,20468488,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Wezzor,"This is the first Telltale game that I've completed, and it was worth every penny and minute.The Wolf Among Us has a great story throughout which included very adult and real themes at time, it's impossible to not end up feeling emotionally attached to some of the characters. You can either allow Bigby stay as The Big Bad Wolf or try and turn a new leaf with the dialogue and action options.On top of this the design of the game from menu screen, to each episode of the game, and the credits is lovely. My favourite character designs are Bigby The Big Bad Wolf - the subtley of his changes and his final form are great - and Bloody Mary - . I'm just insanely impressed with how well this is put together.Its fairly straight forward to complete the game with 100% achievements but there are a few things that you might miss depending on choices you make - some areas you need to pick to go to a certain destinaton first - but there are guides that'll help you figure out what you're missing and which chapters you might need to replay at the end."
,Recommended,250320,20392074,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,sega,"The ending is chilling and leaves you wanting more. The cell shaded comic style graphics look amazing. The music fits great (especially the intro theme that plays around the start of each episode), If you love these episodic heavily story-based ""games"" then this should be an instant buy.See you around... Wolf.Telltale? Season 2?? Hello??"
,Recommended,250320,20437566,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kip,"This is a pretty fun murder mystery story set around the late '80s where characters from fairy tales have a little community in New York. Even though the game is mostly point-and-click, the action sequences are a little bit different to mix things up.The only downsides I found were the last two episodes being very short; it would have made more sense if they combined the two into a single episode considering the time it takes to complete each of the first three. The other thing is your choices only seem to affect whatever is happening in that moment and don't really have a noticeable impact on the story being told.I found it to be enjoyable enough to play through three times to see the other characters' reactions: once as a good guy, once as a jerk, and the last saying as little as the game would allow me to. It only needs to be played through a single time, but if you want all of the achievements, certain parts need to be played differently (make the opposite choice, go to a different location first, etc.) so you can grab those last few fable entries.Overall, this game isn't Telltale's best work but it's definitely worth picking up when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,250320,10946797,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sleek Weezles,"One of the most engrossing stories I've ever played through in a game.  I don't really know what else to say, this game is fantastic.  The only possible thing I could complain about is that occasionally the button-mashing events can be a bit rough on your finger.  Can't wait for Episode 5 to come out!  10/10, buy this game!"
76561197962720259,Recommended,250320,11831516,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,fhl0ston,cool game! looking forward to season 2 if its coming.
76561198092705760,Recommended,250320,11113191,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Hotcakes and Hand Grenades,"A well crafted story that keeps you guessing the entire time. Beautifully animated, very reminiscent of the Fables artwork. As well as a more mature twist to the stories we all heard as children. Probably one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,250320,11208108,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,akboyce,Even better than Walking Dead and I love those games. Season 2 can not come out fast enough.
76561198073098186,Recommended,250320,11148473,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,suisidesanta,Great game buy it
76561198044214217,Recommended,250320,9802268,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,美麗,they need to send nex esp faster i enjoy it alot!i hope they dont stop making this game =]
,Recommended,250320,13131692,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Metal Man,"Great Story adventure game telling the interactive story of all legends, fables and fairy tales living the hard life in the modern day in New York city.You play  the big bad wolf as the sherif of fabletown trying to get to the bottom the mysterious disappearances of some of the towns characters.Great detective action and amazing story telling 10/10Now just waiting for the next season....they are making it right?"
76561198026338563,Recommended,250320,21268911,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Lance,Fascinating Story! I became a Fable Fan after this game!Every decision you made has the consequence.What is the truth? Who's right? Who's lying? what's the right thing to do?You will hold that suspicion to the end.PS: I'm glad I didn't take the ribbon off.
,Recommended,250320,12304164,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Titanium,once upon a timethere was a wolfwho ruled the landhe was much fearedbut soon he mended his evil waysand all were happy
,Recommended,250320,13245362,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Frazzleup,One of the best games I've ever played. A must for anyone who likes story driven games. I'm not a comic book guy but I personally went and picked up the Fables comics (This is what this game is based off of) because of this game. Fantastic.
,Recommended,250320,8599043,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,SpitfireT,The first episode was great!Telltale does not fale to deliver on this beloved franchise. A must-buy!(Early GoTY-candidate?)
,Recommended,250320,14024388,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,radiok,"Wowzers, two chapters in and I adore this game.  I am a Fables fan, so that would nearly be enough to please me, and I've enjoyed other Tell Tale games, but this exceeds both of those factors in spades.  The writing? Great, entirely up to Fables standards, and unique enough to stand on its own.  The visuals?  Comic-like, yet fluid and dark and vibrant, and just, wow, it's what I've always envisioned when I though of pulp and noir at the same time.  The gameplay?  The best I've ever experiences in a Tell Tale game.  Everything I loved about the first season of Tell Tale's Walking Dead. only better, if possible!  I love this game!  My only complaint?  I wish I had more time to play it!  Now... bed at a reasonable hour... or another episode... hm..."
76561198063894662,Recommended,250320,10728199,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RobotWarrior43,AMAZING GAME!
,Recommended,250320,11365852,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,CircledCircle,"Great Game, Great Story, Great Twist.9/10"
76561197977611036,Recommended,250320,11149886,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,[LINUX]FinCoder,"The animation, graphics and voice scripting is great. The story is good, but it's hard to follow. It feels that your choises should effect more. I would give 9/10."
76561198090363793,Recommended,250320,8835878,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,WoodyCT,"I am a big fan of the comics, so I had to get the game, and I loved it. I mean bein Bigby Wolf, whether or not you are a fan, who wouldn't want to be the Big Bad Wolf that cracks down on crime in Fabletown. Just wish the next installments would get here."
,Recommended,250320,13247623,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,epsilon69,Just finished and all i can say is now i feel like a 12yr girl whos waiting for the new Twilight to come out. I NEED MOAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250320,11143580,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,dynamoRen,Replace the silence option in dialogue points to 'smoke a cigarette' each time and we have IGN's Game of the Year 2014 Seal of Approval 12/10.
76561198086236198,Recommended,250320,9772437,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,RicketyRichie,This game is amazing.
76561198066457000,Recommended,250320,10773013,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AB The Shark,"Great game over all, you'll love the way the game goes. I love'd seeing my choices and seeing things like, ""you caught ______ in a lie"" or ""_________ talk _______ out of a lie."" That is something I haven't noticed in tell tales other games.Also, if you enjoy little easter eggs when you reach a certain building carefully listen to the music (it may come on any of the times you are there) and it's the music from, ""Poker night at the Inventory."" I play that game a lot and the music is the same. I love seeing these reused assets in games, in subtle ways of course, not ""Oh hey look at that thing that was put there so the player could easily see/hear it."""
76561198099033008,Recommended,250320,9844395,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,squerc,it's just so hard to be the big bad wolf
76561197969029246,Recommended,250320,11329976,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Polui,The atmosphere in this game is like sex to my male reproductive organ.
,Recommended,250320,11338398,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Spaceman Atlas,"The Wolf Among Us is another superb game by Telltale. I think the biggest testament I could give to it is that even though I spoiled the whole game for myself before actually buying it, I still went through it and finished it without complaints, in 5 days straight.Length-wise, it might not seem worth it; one playthrough took 9 hours for me. But these were 9 hours of superb entertainment. Hell, I even hooked up my TV up to my laptop, and to be fair, it was far better than anything that was actually on TV.Where do I begin? The story is really great, and it uncovers a bit more of the mystery in every episode -- just when you thought you knew everything, the game throws you a new curveball. Your choices might not matterthatmuch (as in, the plot goes roughly the same direction whatever you do), but what's great about the game, is that most likely (unless you consciously try to play otherwise), you won't be a ""black"" or ""white"" character, if you will -- but you'll probably end up in one of the shades of ""grey"".The presentation is splendid. The Walking Dead (season 1, to be exact) had moments where graphics left some things to be desired, but Telltale really upped their ante here. The visuals feel like truly out of a comic book, with many vivid, lively colours around that, contrasting with the shadows, contribute to the noir-ish atmosphere. The sound is really good, as is the voice acting... but anyone who has played Walking Dead season 1 might find the re-use of the voice actors... pretty jarring.And for the end... the gameplay. It is a QTE-thon, if you will, but those QTEs really get you involved in the game and make the experience truly complete. The way the developers used quick-time events to represent your character's strength... it is really apparent, and is the last piece of the immersion puzzle.Overall, I strongly recommend The Wolf Among Us. It seems Telltale are not stepping off the right track, as I can't honestly say I've played one of their games I didn't enjoy so far."
76561197997391884,Recommended,250320,9800023,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Proski,YOU MUST BUY THIS.  Even if you aren't a fan of heavy story-telling.  It's a must.  YOU.  MUST.  PLAY.  THIS.
,Recommended,250320,11306090,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,TheSoulforged,Can't wait for Wolf 2 *_*
76561198069513316,Recommended,250320,11330136,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,riggingchimp,"Tell tale have really hit their stride with this game.The graphics style lend its to the feel of the game to an even greater degree than in the walking dead series.It paints an amazing gritty noir story with the well executed twist of fables living in the mundane world.The voice acting and writing are impecable as ever and the engine has been optimised and runs even more smoothly than the Walking dead.One of the most engaging point and click games I have played in a long time, even better in my opinion than the Walking Dead games."
,Recommended,250320,11311428,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,acathla,I need MOARRRRRRRR! <3
76561198027116189,Recommended,250320,11134533,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Nidus86,one of the best games telltale ever done. a must have
76561198045702559,Recommended,250320,11313503,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,abrighteyedboy,Awesome game with an interesting story.
,Recommended,250320,10674114,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mercredi,"Every Telltale game is worth it. Great story, difficult choices, the only bad point is the wait between each episode..."
,Recommended,250320,10983002,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Destro,"Playing as the sheriff Bigby Wolf, Wolf Among Us, offers up a great story and a lot of tension. It's a point and click type of game, in which you try to solve cases regarding Fabletown. This game takes place 20 years before the original comic starts. They released 4 episodes so far and every one of them was a lot of fun. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,10985223,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Obergruppenführer John Smith,Perfect for those who care about story. Good replayability value with all the different dialogue options.
76561198029025007,Recommended,250320,10964097,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Hoopla_82,I would seriously go as far as to say this is my favourite game in my library and one of the best games I've ever played its story is fantastic its characters are fantastic and its dialogue and style are amazing.
76561198151956731,Recommended,250320,13601558,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,no hope left,10/10 Neo-Koir (colorz) Fantasy game with harsh detective overtones.
76561198054601054,Recommended,250320,11904472,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,[HFG] shad,Hope they do another season
76561198154490514,Recommended,250320,16425193,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,fandango,very wolfy
,Recommended,250320,11136232,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Yare Yare Daze...,"Probably the best game by 'Telltale games' (not including 'The Walking Dead').It's interesting and it's a prequel to comic book named 'Fables', after the game you probably'll read the original comic book.Soundtrack is amazing, story is very interesting and the game got a lot of difficult choices that can twist the storyline upside-down."
,Recommended,250320,11417369,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Christmas Island,"tl;dr scoreboard:+ Great characters, awesome voice acting+ The Fables universe is fascinating+ Interesting plot- Not a whole lot of gameplay- Storyline doesn't really branch, so choices made don't feel that meaningful- Oh, how I wish it was a bit longer!Telltale do what Telltale do best: They've created an AMAZING story in a really interesting universe (Fables). The gameplay is somewhat hamstrung by the fact that most of the time there's... really not a lot to do, and even the trademark Telltale storyline branching isn't that interesting here, as the story is mostly linear, at least compared to something like The Walking Dead.BUT what is here is great - fantastic characters, exciting plot and just all-round a really fun game!It doesn't reach the heights of The Walking Dead, but it's a great game nonetheless!"
76561197991567851,Recommended,250320,17255132,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Fixxed,"Extremely entertaining, thus said, this is not a game...It is a story that has been ""gamified"", meaning that, it has interactive momments, but it is mainly just an animated series.The story is a completely different take on classic fables. Snow white, beauty and the beast, big bad wolf (what you play as), etc. They now live in the real world, with real problems...First of all, for those expecting action, there isnt much. Some reaction buttons here and there, but like i said, its mainly an animated series with a couple of player interactions. Not like ""Shenmue"", so dont worry about having to be fast lol...About mechanics and what you can do? Well, you pick frases and actions everynow and then, that sometimes affects the storyline but usually just affects the outcome of the conversation... slightly...  What i should point out, is that this action/words choice, is not like bioware games. It definetly doesn't change the game as much, but it will make you think more.The choices here are emotional, it is not about the item you want or how you want to behave, but more about how you react emotionally. They feel important and heavier. Mainly because this game is a drama and there is a time to pick your choice, so that it feels like an actual conversation. Wierdly enough, you will feel realism here, eventhough its cartoonish and 105% fiction.It is a refreshing and original experience that earned TellTale their name and fame. Imo the best game they have, since it  works ontop of classic children fables while bringing a police/drama theme. Will ""magically"" distort your reality a few times, making you react in ways you would and wouldn't..."
,Recommended,250320,10710210,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jumbo,This is amazing
,Recommended,250320,17056747,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,MHK-,i did not know this wasnt a single series story... big mistake... NOW I GOTTA WAIT TILL SEASON 2 COMES OUT!!!
76561198122114809,Recommended,250320,17201897,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Willie Jk,"The Wolf Among Us was one of the best games of 2014, and arguabely stands as Telltale's best game to date.I was first cautious to purchase this game. It was based on a source material that I knew nothing about, and seemingly featured fantastical themes which weren't really my 'thing' - werewolves, fairytales and the like. However, I took the plunge when episode five was released and I didn't look back.The Wolf Among Us is sleek, atmospheric, and out-right dark in places. Based on the comicFables, you play as Bigby wolf,thebig bad wolf, sheriff and protector of Fabletown, a community of 'fables' and mythical creatures in New York after their banishment from their own world. A murder has occured, and you must put the pieces of the puzzle together to find the culprit. Without spoiling any more, The Wolf Among Us grows with every episode, the stakes become higher as Bigby uncovers more than he could have imagined from a single murder case, until the intense finale of episode five. The story is superbly written, the characters interesting and well developed - some of which you become very attached to. The environments are extemely atmospheric, and the music compliments them very well (the soundtrack isamazing!). The puzzels are fun, although not too challenging, and as with most Telltale titles take a back seat in favour of branching dialogue. All combat is QTE, which is done alright with this game, but I know many people get annoyed with these controls - point and click isn't for everyone! Overall it is a fantastic adventure game worth paying for, in my opinion level with Walking Dead Season 1. Tentitive to purchase it primarily, but now I am a fully-fledged fan of the game.This is worth buying at full price - especially if you loved The Walking Dead. You will love this too!One final word on people's biggest moan about Telltale: choices.""Your choices don't matter...they don't affect the plot...it's all an illusion"" is what is said all of the time in comments. While it is true they don't affect the plot in drastic ways, they affect two things: the protagonist, and the player. The protagonists in all Telltale games are shaped by your choices. Will Lee be a hopeful person, and try and teach Clementine to hold onto the old ways of civility? Or will he adapt, and teach her survival at any cost. Similarly Bigby can try and prove himself to be a caring and decent sheriff, or live up to his name as the big bad wolf. Finally the player is shaped by the choices: your perception of the game/story will change depending on what you pick, how you feel about other characters, how you feel about yourself, and, for me anyway, they stick with me and undoubtedly change my mindset for the rest of the game. So yes, the choices do have value, just not really plot-wise, which seems to be the only thing which matters to some people."
76561198040312986,Recommended,250320,16643953,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Styx,The amazing art and story drove me further and further into the game. It's easy to start caring for some of the characters and make decisions according to whats happening. A must play!
,Recommended,250320,12894367,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Thoros of Myr,"Honestly, one of the best games I have ever playedGreat charactersAmazing background and graphicsMusic is awesome and atmosphericStory and scenes playout flawlesslyOnly problem is, it's prone to a few tiny bugs that can be easily fixed with a restart of the game.All around, 9.8Season 2 is hopefully just as awesome"
76561198087717605,Recommended,250320,11370537,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Chicken Strippen,I bought this game duriing the summer sale thinking that the walking dead would be better but I was DEAD WRONG this game deserves more to be compared to TWD. The Wolf Among Us is one of those game that has a spectacular story evaery episode a bigger plot twist than the last. I would recommend this game even at full price!
76561198143270288,Recommended,250320,30215585,Posted: 27 February,all,AmandaHugginkiss,This is a great game. I have to stop myself from playing it a third time.
76561198065895049,Recommended,250320,13606099,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,nvidia3dfx,"People complain about ""linear-story"" and/or ""choices that NOT affect the main story""OF COURSE, what did you expect??? its ♥♥♥♥ing COMICSYou can only choose simple things that not affect the core series. which is good for READERs/WATCHERs.Try imagine you play [telltale's - game of throne] and everything goes your way... THAT IS definitely NOT GoT we knew!This game is good enough for me compare to its price.And its a GREAT-friggin'-story-game compare to the discount price (I bought on 75% sale)BTW, I read Vertigo's Fables. Great Comics :DStory: 10/10Control: 8/10 *mostly click and smash some buttonsGraphic: 7/10Gameplay: 7/10Overall: 8.0"
76561198015526767,Recommended,250320,11153147,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,NIN2,"So why do I feel cheated at the end of episode five? Because it is so open ended that they could write season two, because the last episode was lame? Getting the short end of the stick is what PC gaming is all about right boys???!"
,Recommended,250320,17365683,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JPB,"Excellent game, great choices available to you, plenty of characters certainly better than TWD Season 2."
,Recommended,250320,8417559,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nolimit,"Simply amazing. After playing it I've read all the Fables comics and now I appreciate the game even more, and even if you haven't read it it is very good. Telltale learned from TWD and just built on it.Last year TWD was my GOTY, this year this might be, even though s2 of TWD is up there. If you love story or adventure games - get this!"
,Recommended,250320,17453832,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,⚡⚡ Elecman (PC works!) ⚡⚡,"This game was truly amazing. It always has you at the edge in the game, for newcomers, not knowing when a quicktime part will come up where you have to quickly rely on the WASD and Q buttons, while the other parts, you piece together the crime/story that has happened. And with the last 5 achievements, and choices that change Bigby's personality, and change what happens later on drastically, there is lots of replayability."
76561197962886806,Recommended,250320,11146012,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,tenikay,It's good.
,Recommended,250320,17618375,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Bakk - Yernemm,Quite awesome
,Recommended,250320,11142656,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Black Phillip,There was no [Jerk Off] option in the strip club so I almost can't recommend it.
,Recommended,250320,11059343,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Jeb Dapperton,"A very delighlful game. If you love telltale games, then you most defenitely will love this game. The vibe and the characters really stand out. Each having their own unique quirks. Featuring appearances from some of you favorite fables, as well as some special characters from urban legends. The atmosphere, and the characters really make the game. The story is wonderful so far, filled with plenty of twists and turns, and accounting for every choice you make in classical telltale style. (as of writing this episode 5 is not out) One of the best parts of this game, is just the general feel you get from everything. From the tiny things like the building and colors they used, to big things like the way certain characters talk, and react. I would defenitely reccomend buying this game, if you are looking for a story telling action adventure game."
,Recommended,250320,10893851,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Gabrial,"Damned good story driven game, choices that really drive at the heart of the matter and just a great looking and emotive game."
,Recommended,250320,11207531,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,sth.dev,"""What's Bricklebit?""""A magic word""""What's it do?""""Makes animals♥♥♥♥♥♥gold"":-D"
,Recommended,250320,10757672,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheWarg,The very nice game. Finished 4 episodes in two days. It's not waste of time at all.
,Recommended,250320,16906882,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Skully,"8/10Another greatTelltale Gamesadventure game that's not only going to immerse you in it's intense story telling, but will leave you wanting to play more all the wail until the end.The Wolf Among Usplaces it self among one of my all time favourite games. If you enjoy great story with movie like gameplay, this is deffinetly for you."
,Recommended,250320,13370491,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MidMad,"Another great adventure game created by Telltale. Highly recommended to everyone who is into this genre as it doesn't matter whether you know the ""Fables"" comic book series or not. Very well crafted story and fast-paced action make it often impossible to put the game away. Now I only hope that the rumors about the second part of this game are true!"
76561197979244471,Recommended,250320,11214260,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Mykell,Great game and story. Strong believeable characters and acting. Sucked me in from the start to the end.
76561197998206702,Recommended,250320,16867390,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,falc,"Great old school detective story set in the land of fables of old. While some choises near the end aren't as open as i would've liked, it does deliver a captivating story from start to finish, and does make you love and hate some of the characters in it."
,Recommended,250320,17652265,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,lavs,"I got this during the summer sale, all the episodes. I honestly didn't know what to expect (First telltale game) The story is amazing. The choices to be made are plentiful and you can't help but fall in love with the characters and how they are presented. All in all, great game, tons of action and decision making. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,250320,13137250,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Bleeding Barghest,"A fantastic narrative delivered by the premiere storytellers in the gaming industry. The world of Fables is a complex and fascinating setting, representing fairytale characters not as perfect princes and princesses but as normal people just trying to get by, albeit with a few special talents and secrets to hide. My only complaint is that I'm not in love with the psuedo cell-shaded graphics, but it's what you expect from a Telltale game. This game delivers with an exciting plot, difficult moral quandries, elusive enemies, and an overall fantastic story. If that's what you want in a game, The Wolf Among Us won't let you down."
76561198074736537,Recommended,250320,11180671,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,TheChamp! :3,"It's  a great game and story, It's not like The Walking Dead where you get ""Feeling"" for person. Sometimes it feels it's gonna take forever but it's all worth! So if you have the money I thionk you should buy it, unless you don't like to see film in games, then is this game not for you!I'll give it 8/10 :)"
76561197979470785,Recommended,250320,18136391,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,CrookedBadge,"Good game, great story, really loved the universe and after playing this game I am considering purchasing fable graphic novels. However in typical Telltale fashion the choices you make in game have small effect on the story, so the game aspect of this drives itself and you are only along for the ride. I also found that choices presented, specially towards the ending, are rather bad, because you have so much more you could have said/done, but weren't given the option to, even though it seemed like an obviouse choice much less an option. I suspect that it also is a way to move the story forward and to tie it all up the way the game developers wanted and expected it to. To sum up: Great story, great setting, gameplay drives itself and you can only go wrong by messing up quick-time events, the rest doesn't matter. If you are looking for a game with a challenge that is driven by your progression then I am afraid that this game is not for you, but if you want a game that tells you a great story and makes you feel like a main character then you'll love it!"
,Recommended,250320,18137955,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Knox Harrington,Bomb♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198060666902,Recommended,250320,13548641,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Pepe John,Another amazing title from Telltale Games. You get so sucked into the world of The Wolf Among Us that you have to keep playing and see whats next. Just like a really good tv series. The artstyle and voice acting are also fantastic.I'd recommend this to anyone who likes to get into a game with a deep story and amazing characters.
,Recommended,250320,20208536,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MachoBrawler,This is dark. Dark as hell mang.
,Recommended,250320,18452581,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Sergio Alonso,Very good. I had some time thinking about moral and furious mobs.
76561198038613939,Recommended,250320,18551195,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,yongtw123,"A fine mix of dark fantasy, mystery, suspense, and many metaphors to real-world problems. Although the story is very well-told and filled with moral dilemmas, it is not complete. A lot of loose ends and unanswered questions make the player wanting more after that...deja vu. The conspiracy seems to go really deep, and I literally can't wait for the second season, if it's coming at all."
76561198017236565,Recommended,250320,10311644,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Jekyll and Hyde,Another great series by TellTale games!
76561198051012570,Recommended,250320,9061533,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,King Of Blades,"So its 12am and I bought this game... Now I can't go to bed.  Its something that brings back the good ol days of ""Under a Killing Moon"" with a dark twist of modern day fairy tails mixed with ""Vice City"".  This game is a must have for anyone who wants to go back to the days of mystery sluething with consequence related choices.  Just buy it. Worth every penny you spend.  I promise you wont be dissappointed.. This creators deserve more than two thumbs up.. Absolutely amazing."
76561198108167275,Recommended,250320,16486322,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,GuntherAMVs,"Just got to be one of the best games I've ever played. Amazing soundtrack, great graphics, lovely characterization, engaging plot. The only problem is that there isn't a second season out yet :P"
,Recommended,250320,16819238,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,theBIGmack,"Extremely engaging story with great characters and mystery. The look of the game is astoundingly cool. The quality of writing and presentation begs for consistant animation, as its sometimes lacking, but effective. The only caviet is the moments where one needs to spam 'Q' during quicktime events. That particular requirement is more frustrating than fun, the rest of the controls are exciting and reletively intuitive.Highly reccomended! Rewarding to spend the time on story / choice driven casual gameplay once in a while."
,Recommended,250320,16688425,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Nico,"This game is so addicting I found myself thinking about it during the day. Bigsby is a GREAT character to control, there is nothing worse than a main character who doesn't speak or react. Bigsby is raw, he acts on impulse and he has a history, a pretty gory one.I don't read comics so I cannot comment on what was better storywise but playing this game made me want to read the comics. Playing threw the various fables in a corrupt, dirty fable town was more fun than I care to admit. Yes, this game is very wordy and I worried about that, I am known to skup cutscenes with to much text, but I really enjoyed reacting to the situation. A lot of the choices led to the same outcome but I still enjoyed getting there.At the end you see the percentage of Steam players who chose a specific option/path. I was glad to read that over 80% didn't choose to send Colin to the farm. I was heartbroken for him. I want to replay it but I wish there was a way to skip the text that I have already played threw."
,Recommended,250320,7881853,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Saburosan,"My first exposure to a Telltale game was The Walking Dead, which I thoroughly enjoyed despite how depressing the story was.  This wasn't the fault of the game itself, mind you, but rather just a natural fact of any zombie story worth its weight in brains.  I expected nothing less.  When I picked up The Wolf Among Us, I was skeptical.  I didn't think that another story could exceed or even live up to what Telltale did with TWD.  I didn't think there was another fictional universe that Telltale could use to create a compelling, story-driven game with so much emotional punch.  I was wrong, and I'm comfortable admitting as much after playing only the first chapter.The first thing about this game that stood out as exceptional was the visual style.  It's brilliant to look at, and you're drawn into this fictional universe from the beginning.  It's dark and brooding with high contrasts of colors that remind you that you're in what is essentially a fairy tale.  I've always been a fan of graphics that look amazing, but aren't hyper-realistic.  I loved the style of Borderlands and Borderlands 2 with their faux cel-shaded graphics.  Same with the game XIII.  Telltale's TWD had a great visual style as well, but it was nothing like this.  It's like a comic book that's come to life before your eyes without it turning into a cartoon.The biggest draw of this game is the story.  First off, the entire premise of Fables is wonderful.  I was completely ignorant of the comic book series before I heard about this game, and I've since read a bit of it to edify myself on the lore and backstory of the characters.  I love the idea of dropping fairy tale characters into a modern New York City, and Telltale does an exceptional job of portraying this in the game.  There are many winks and nods to the source material while the game tells its own, standalone story.  I was pulled into the plot almost immediately, and by the end of the first chapter I was left with my mouth hanging agape, my mind racing with what-ifs, and most importantly wanting MORE.The gameplay is standard Telltale tropes with some new ideas thrown in.  Meaningful decisions, quick-time dialogue and actions, and point-and-click exploration are all here.  These things would make for a boring game otherwise, but with the exceptional story you're never bored.  Adventure games are an interesting genre in this regard.  Some gamers who prefer more interaction in their games may not understand how a game like this can be exciting.  It is in the same way a good book is exciting, with an interesting story filled with great character interaction and unexpected plot twists.  Without these, the game would fail.  Telltale show off their story-telling chops here.TWAU is an exciting story that has a unique premise, interesting characters, and a main story that will make you want to play the entire chapter in one sitting because you just HAVE to find out what's going to happen next.  I think if Telltale adds some more interesting, neutral characters for Bigby to interact with in the next episode, the game will be even better.  If you're a fan of adventure games, you can't go wrong with this one, especially if you appreciate a good ""whodunit"" mystery set in a gritty, noir-filled world."
76561198043916423,Recommended,250320,13106951,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,[F4GTY] hamster097,"Brilliant!I loved playing this game because you don't have to a pro gamer in order to enjoy it. Thrilling story that keeps you interested and makes this game a great play,highlyrecommended!!"
,Recommended,250320,11170792,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Lukisfer,"My god, this game. I can honestly say it is the best game that I have played in 2014, even though I started it in 2013. But I just finished it. The story is amazing. I was really compelled by the different characters and specifically the interactions between Bigby and Snow. I really enjoyed this game and the art style was quite beautiful. I would highly recommend this game. And if you are on the fence, just try the first episode and see if you are not compelled to finish the game."
,Recommended,250320,16404416,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sporeboy100,Who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?
,Recommended,250320,13599749,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Starshine,"An awesome game brought to you by Telltale Games.Great story, awesome ambience/atmosphere, beautiful music..One of the best games Telltale has ever made. (that, of course, if you like the genre)"
,Recommended,250320,16386697,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AlisterCat,A stylish mystery in the TellTale mold based on the Fables comics. Doesn't benefit much from the episodic format (other than artificially keeping the mystery going) but now that you can play all the episodes at once I have no problem recommending this.
,Recommended,250320,16409372,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Blackatear,Gotta say best 8 - 9 hours of my life <3333333 like Must haveeeee!!!!
76561198067180939,Recommended,250320,8497491,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,0ns1aught,Greatest steam game ever
,Recommended,250320,11167293,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,"[DT] Hello, MOM","A fantastic, morally ambiguous detective tale with stupid QTE"
,Recommended,250320,8966340,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,curt,"I am not sure how the original comics are, but this game is fantastic. Only been through episode one and I've been completely enveloped by this world of magical creatures/fairy tale characters and ""mundies."" Not for kids though, it has a very adult-like theme, full of murder, mystery, rage and violence. Great buy!"
,Recommended,250320,13595006,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mikkaikefia,The Wolf Among Us is easily one of my favorite games. I love the choice-based gameplay and the story really sucked me in.I would recommend this game to anyone. It really got me hooked on the Telltale Games style.
76561198004371199,Recommended,250320,13527612,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mezduin,"Great characters, great story, great gameplay. It was a thrill the whole time. I found myself EAGERLY awaiting each episode as they came out. Despite being a sort of mystery game, it has great replay value, as you can go back through the game and make different choices to see how they turn out.Easily one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,250320,13581815,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,rolerplayer :-),The Wolf Among Us is like playing an interessting movie with a nice plot and good characters.The game itself is pretty simple but has got a veeery good story to tell.Like every TellTale game you may like it or just don't !In my opinion it's worthy to give it a try since almost every newer TellTale had some great succses based on their story.
,Recommended,250320,10151401,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Kelbo Slice,A more polished installment from TellTale than the first season of The Walking Dead.  Each episode makes me want to play more and find all the Book of Fables entries.
,Recommended,250320,13239577,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,XY,"Tired of all RPG/FPS games? You should try this one. Amazing story, very suspense but relax.Buy this and I guarentee you'll never regret.9/10"
,Recommended,250320,13200038,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Airwind,Because you forgot them.. Happily ever after is a lie...Gonna give this 5 star :)
,Recommended,250320,11159378,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Sellyn,"Tell-Tale's best work yet in my opinion.The game is mature and very well written, some choices make more sense than others but I found myself lingering on a lot more choices and having to make a split second decision at the last possible moment or risk silence.You should seriously pick this game up, it's very enthralling and dramatic in a way that not even most triple A movies are. I find myself wanting to replay this and pick decisions I didn't the first time to see how it changes"
,Recommended,250320,10682498,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ariosis,dis a good gameplay dis
,Recommended,250320,13261600,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Rodnanimus,"Excellent story and would highly recommend buying. Coming from the first Walking Dead game, I was worried that Telltale would not be able to pull off another Great Title. But this one competes well. Which is saying a lot because the Walking Dead game was so good.Remember to buy these games for the stories. Outside of the (of course) dialogoue choices, this one seemed a little lighter on interaction compared to the first Walking Dead title. There are things to do of course, but they seemed less significant.Although that is definitely not something to stop you from buying it. Play it for the story, because it's ♥♥♥♥ing worth it."
,Recommended,250320,13289904,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Alenonimo,"Excelent game! Kind of a chore to get all the achievements since you keep having to go back and do things the other way, but the story itself was quite nice to watch.I recommend it."
76561198057381529,Recommended,250320,13063038,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Shonuff,This is one of the best point & click games on steam with a great story and awesome voice acting
76561198063426606,Recommended,250320,11824413,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Morticuna,"I enjoyed the game, but mostly from having read the comics.I enjoyed seeing some of the characters I know and love make appearances and getting to know new ones. I loved exploring Fabletown with Bigby and and trying my best to help out the other fables.However... This game is guilty of not really leaving much of an impact once you're done with it. In the end it feels like everything you've done was for nothing and that the developers were very limited to what kind of fable characters they could use in their story and how they could portray them.^Saying that based on their villain, which frankly I found very weak and sadly bland. They build him up so much and in the end he's no more interesting than a wet potato.There was another Villain I liked though, henchman-type, not gonna spoil who it is that you have to battle near the end of the game that quickly became one of my favourite characters in the entire game... She's not the main villain though, it's not a good sign when the main villain's henchmen are more interesting than him/herself.There's much more to be said about this game, sadly negative, it mostly has to do with the ending. They had such a vast universe to work with great characters, but in the end they just didn't know how to put the pieces together very well and you end up with kind of a mess.I'm worried about spoiling too much and being too specific, but the ending was the weakest part of the game.There are a lot of small details in the game I enjoyed and found clever, which was a saving grace for me, but big picture wise this wasn't a very strong Telltale g. game.Overall I'll say that this game needs a lot of polish and fine adjustments and probably some rewriting at parts, particularily the end.I will recommend it regardless, I see a lot of potential and mostly enjoyable characters and an exciting world. There's a gem here, but it's not easy to tell from the ending of it. I hope there will be a season two and I hope the writers will have learned from their mistakes by then."
,Recommended,250320,12439338,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,Did you ever like the aesthetics of a game so much that you just smile like an idiot throughout the entire playthrough? Have you ever been drawn so much into a game that you miss a meal... Or 2?The wolf among us does more than that. My favorite kind of writing and my favorite kind of setting.Please make sequel instead of asking us to read comics kthxbai.
76561198094025845,Recommended,250320,7922946,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,codezero1234,this is a great game so far
,Recommended,250320,8238135,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Munu or eddy kuato,"God damn, play this."
76561198024619363,Recommended,250320,11395475,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd | Aspire,"The Wolf Among Us is an amazing game! Very well-written story, great sound, an awesome ""noir"" graphic style and believable characters! The choices you make really have an impact on the storyline! Just get this game. You won't regret it.9.6/10"
76561198002346077,Recommended,250320,10685864,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,fhiron,"i never had a go with the walking dead games. But if they are anything like this they may become part of my libary. the game is a game based on a grafic novel taking a dark and more socialheavy tone to fairytales almost every one of our favorit charactors are in here in for the most part less the favorabell situation as they are hiding in our world and in the bottom of it as the ""wacthdog"" we play the big bad wolf trying to keep the peace between fables as they are called and be come more like despit his generel person in most fairytales its and adventurgame with some quicktimeevents and som choice with if not crucial then at least her and now consequense i highly recomend this to all tho those who already like adventurgames in the more dark/adult area well take the ride"
,Recommended,250320,13101943,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Wif,"The good: Engaging story uintil the end, unique graphics, awesome setting (that you don't need to follow the comics to get into)The bad: Had one minor glitch at the end.An interactive movie where your choices matter.  A great experience that I wish there was more to play.  Still a solid 8 hours with potential replayability (to see other choices)"
76561198083543451,Recommended,250320,13062266,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,mesa370,This is the most engaging video game masterpiece I have ever played.  I started playing and within a day it had consumed my computer time.  24.99?  I would pay 50 or 60.  It is truly an AMAZING story to put it lightly.  100% reccomended to anyone I don't care who you are.
,Recommended,250320,7413817,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Roku,"This game is Brilliant! Yet another amazing story from Telltale Games, HIGHLY RECCOMEND"
76561198024072659,Recommended,250320,11216830,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Shenanigan,"Astonishing, breathtaking, remarkable."
,Recommended,250320,11146529,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,STEINER,Unreal story and interesting all the way through.
76561198047540825,Recommended,250320,10870349,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mac the Spork,"So I'll start by saying that I had no prior knowledge of the Fablesverse, and picked this game up on the advice of a friend. BEST. DECISION. EVER. I'm only a couple hours in and have to say, the story is easily one of the coolest and most original tales I've come across in sometime, and Bigby himself is a fantastic protaginist. You can't help loving this guy, and wanting him to let the beast loose. He's like an amalgam of Wolverine and McNulty from the Wire, with a little tired wisdom thrown in that stems from being an ancient badass trying to turn a new leaf. Seriously one cool sonofagun. Telltale has done their usual, which is to say, a bang up job. The game's interactions and context sensitive response style is the usual, but it feels far from tired. We'll see if the choice system does much. I'm hoping for more than I got from The walking dead. That game told me I made choices, but it never really seemed like they changed the story very much. Anyway, Great game, FANTASTIC story (the intro is just the best), and would recommend to anyone who's looking for a great story driven game."
,Recommended,250320,10291042,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,piggs,"I actually prefer this to the Telltale's Walking Dead. Plenty of action sequences, great pacing, and brilliantly written characters."
76561197970851234,Recommended,250320,11603945,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Rach,"Really enjoyed this much more than the walking dead it's slicker, weirder and funnier"
,Recommended,250320,11161850,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,katsumeragi,"I CANNOT recommend this game enough. Easily one of my favorite if not my definite favorite Telltale games. Immersive, action-packed, fun to piece togeter. You actually feel like the story is going somewhere compared to what of TWD I've played."
,Recommended,250320,7879819,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,underDrumNBass@soundcloud,Awesome Game! Buy it! :D
,Recommended,250320,10838007,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Oziquix,"If you've played The Walking Dead by TellTale then you know what to expect. This game starts off fast and gets you hooked in like drugs but it's a little bit more safe than drugs. If you're into Grimm's fairy tales and CSI then this is the game for you. There's also some nudity if you're into that but I'd stick with professional porn, anyways this game is good from what I've played and if you like TellTale you won't be dissapointed unlike my parents with me."
,Recommended,250320,8381387,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,freshmang0,"these games are all goodthis one is pretty great, prefer it to walking deadinteresting setting plus ur m8 is a talkin pig"
,Recommended,250320,11091142,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SibMass,"It's impossible to explain what can you feel in this game. You just have to play in it. All of these characters is simply amazing and Telltale perfectly shows it in this game. Sometimes you feel sorry for some characters (for example it's Toad and his son) and you can be shocked when you'll see some story unexpected twists. Also, you can affect on Bigby actions by your decisions. And I should say that i can see how these decisions playing their role in this game.About the soundtrack....No sh*t, it's f*cking amazing. Just give it a try:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgErp-OIi6Ehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heRLuqwrBCAYou have to figure out what happening in Fabletown by yourself. Only you and the Big Bad Wolf.10/10It's just simply perfect."
76561198118859927,Recommended,250320,9213842,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,myposian,I dig it lots. It's super diggable.
,Recommended,250320,10730058,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kappasaurus,"Breathtaking, right in the feels, fairy tale take on a film noir. In video game format. It's awesome, immersing and it has talking pigs, toads and trolls. I don't know what you can ask for more. Except maybe more.Telltale classic."
,Recommended,250320,10691857,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tenrai,Damn good shiz.
76561198008746029,Recommended,250320,10716948,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Aido,"If you liked the walking dead you will love this, be warned though, it is darker then the walking dead in every which way possible"
,Recommended,250320,10678117,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dustollo,"This game completely surprised me, when I first saw it on steam I avoided looking into it solely based on the gameplay. However after giving it a shot it has to be my favourite game of 2013. This game is the best example of what story can do for a videogame. The gameplay is bland and sometimes straight annoying when it interrupts a great scene, but it doesnt matter because the story is fantastic. Despite my distatse for the gameplay I cannot help loving this game 9/10"
76561198046010407,Recommended,250320,10723653,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mccan,trop de la balle!!!!!
,Recommended,250320,10788537,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DanJDR - YouTube,"The story line of this game is very good. And if you have played the walking dead, the controles are just the same as that. If you like a game with a good storyline, I highly recomend this."
76561197970840801,Recommended,250320,10766672,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tumbling,Utterly captivating premise. Powerful narrative. Violent. Bloody. Grim.
76561197966543763,Recommended,250320,10329411,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,fRodos_,"Oh, I'm glad I picked this game up on a stage where it had 4/5 of the chapters available, since I'd go crazy if I had to wait more than just a couple of weeks before the final one comes out. This game is great !!!The artwork, the characters, the story and the background, the voice acting, and just the whole picture is damn right awesome.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,250320,10781054,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,GingerRoss,"its one of the best games I've played in recent memory. Excellent synth soundtrack, neo-noir atmosphere and brilliantly written. You won't regret buying this."
,Recommended,250320,8421299,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MF | STHS | My DJ's So Bad,"Telltale Games has done it again! After finding much success in The Walking Dead: Season 1, they have made another hit with The Wolf Among Us. They both have very similar playstyles and the storyline of The Wolf Among Us will send you on an emotional roller coaster. This review is based on the first episode, but if the first episode is any indicator of how the rest of the episodes will be, then you will be in for an absolute treat!"
,Recommended,250320,10779989,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,milxe,: )
76561198030873200,Recommended,250320,10773561,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,awilly,"This game has a even better story than the Walking Dead. Whatever you are doing, stop and buy this game. I fully recommend it. Can't wait for Episode 5!"
76561198106481080,Recommended,250320,10734436,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RealElement,good
,Recommended,250320,10785067,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,crystalblisters,"This is the second Telltale game I've played, first being Sam & Max Devil's Playhouse, and let me tell you that this is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing top notch. Well fleshed out characters, great dialouge choices, ELIPSES, and more. 10/10 I'd ♥♥♥♥ing bang Bigsby"
76561198081358125,Recommended,250320,11395521,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Renegade Almc🌚,Best FPS I've ever played 9/10
76561198040908108,Recommended,250320,12355336,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Voice actor for hire,"Quite impressive. The voice acting is wonderful, it remakes point and click games, and I have never been more invested in a character before. I love Telltale for this."
,Recommended,250320,9150735,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MissBunny,"If you like The Walking Dead by Telltale Games, you may enjoy this game as well. You muddle around a twisted mature style version of a fairy tale cast of characters. You play as the Big Bad Wolf, Bigby. There are not as many choices in this game, and it seems like no matter what you do the story is shoved into the same direction. In comparison to the Walking Dead play style, there was more play and less watch, where as The Wolf Among Us has a lot more waddling around and dialoging needlessly just to have all your answers handed to you eventually whether you figured it out for yourself or not. The art style is amazing, the characters are all interesting, and the story is compelling, however, the gameplay falls short. I remain entertained with this series due to the storyline and art, however, you may find yourself playing Bejeweled while you're waiting on figuring out why in god's name you even have an inventory when there's nothing to do with it. I do recommend this game,it's worth a play. 9/10"
76561198046572358,Recommended,250320,9762279,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Phantom Thief,PLAY IT !!
,Recommended,250320,9768173,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,JJMerrill,"This game is perfect for anyone who enjoys gravelly-voiced lycanthropes in their media, and who doesn't enjoy that? Highly recommended to anyone who likes to relax, maybe have a drink, and just enjoy a really immersive narrative and storytelling experience."
76561198089442875,Recommended,250320,11865533,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,supern0va3000,I dare anyone to play Episode 1 then stop playing.This game gets interesting very early. Great story and writing. Interesting choices and ending.9/10
,Recommended,250320,10276081,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kelgoroth,"The Wolf Among UsGenre : Interactive storyRating: 7.5/10Comment : unnecessary gameplay parts'The Wolf Among Us' tells a mystery / thriller story in an 80s noir-style setting. While it is quite interesting it sometimes feels a little slow progress wise. The reason for that are mainly the gameplay passages in which you walk around looking at stuff. Still the games keeps you excited because of its well written characters, amazing setting, good story and cliffhangers at the end of every episode."
,Recommended,250320,8209354,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,McNuggsz,Great Game!But we need Episode 2 now!
,Recommended,250320,11331126,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,staybrutaltashy,"This game is pretty brilliant if you like the story to it.Episode 5 was my favourite, it stepped it up to a whole other level.The end just wants you wishing you had more to play."
,Recommended,250320,10958158,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Teekay,"Fabletown's community is crumbling, and it's up to you to find out what's going on!Every choice you make matters and will affect your friends, enemies and most importantly: You; in the future.The gameplay itself tries to draw you in and wants you to feel like you've become the main protagonist and heck it does a great job, Wolf Among us also has quicktime based combat, which feels much easier to get the hang of unlike resident evil 4.My one complaint would be: There's little to no music that stands out, that means something to me.Highly recommend this and can't wait for episode 5!8.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,10927366,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[MegaTred],Better than the walking dead 9.5/10
,Recommended,250320,16340955,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DuoKidd,"So while i have only cleared chapter one of this game, I can already tell this game is going to be a blast. This game has great dialogue options, great characters, and a good pace. I would definitely recommend it to anyone into point and click games or who are looking for a good mystery. Just know that as you play the game, whatever choices you make will shape the story. And boy trust me, you can really feel the impact of the choices you've made once you see the effects.So if this sounds like your kind of game, full of fantasy storybook characters living in new york with you playing as the big bad wolf himself, then buy it. It's worth it."
,Recommended,250320,12115786,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Kinky Acolyte®,This was excellent! I hope there's a season 2 in the making.
76561198079381919,Recommended,250320,27560717,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mikeydsc,"Its a tells tales game, and its a grimmer version of the fairy tales of yesteryear. Good game, good plot and yes its worth it."
76561198032034509,Recommended,250320,11153222,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,DrHosinho,No words. Simply fantastic. Best game of 2014 so far10/10
76561198045492490,Recommended,250320,11131729,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Lynch,"Wolf among us is by far one of the best games ive played in awhile. With the mix of rpg, action and murder mystery elements to it they blend in perfectly within the game, also its cartoon styled graphics which some people would say they disliked  i'd say it fitted in quite well. Not to mention that the game is made by the same developers of the Walking dead series.overall i would highly recommend this game and with the final episode coming out on chapter 1 you get the benfit of playing a whole chapter while i had to wait for episodes to come out for the game ;)"
76561198027386541,Recommended,250320,7684785,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,N7Magnus,"Big Bad WolfThe Wolf Among Us is propably the best Neo Noir game out their, a contester for GOTY 2014 and, while not as emotional a journey as The Walking Dead, the other great example of the Interactive Motion Picture Genre which is dominated by Telltale Games, due to their strong storytelling,excepional writing and thrilling QTEs. Buy this big bad wolf of a game."
,Recommended,250320,11207724,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,dollfaise,"The Wolf Among Us is probably the best purchase I've made. I tend to jump between games frequently but once I started TWAU, I couldn't put it down until I caught up with the series. I love the art style and think the voice acting was fantastic. I'm an avid reader so this game was right up my alley but even if you aren't a rabid bibliophile, the story will have you rushing through it for more and returning for at least one replay later. I can't wait for the next installment!"
,Recommended,250320,11208503,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Epic Banana Split,"This game proves once more that telltale is capable of creating games with an amazing story.From start to finish, it makes you invest on the characters that appear at the same point when you are trying to make the correct decisions.Of course there aren't many gameplay elements apart from the quick time events, but the story alone makes it one of the best games available."
,Recommended,250320,8797241,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,coil,"First episode is a bit on a short side, and it leaves you craving for the next one. I'm absolutely sure that this game will be loved even by those, who never play videogames.It's based on original IP, it's not a spin-off, rip-off, spoof, sequel or a cover. That makes it even more better. Though I had some minor issues with a mouse (v-sync maybe) but it won't spoil fun for me.All in all, the game is a real gem."
76561197992083855,Recommended,250320,14421461,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Matyvalien,Freaking awesome!
,Recommended,250320,8982185,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Jax Murderer,"one of the best games ever made, nuff ♥♥♥♥ing said"
76561198046220550,Recommended,250320,11285381,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jerkle | Aviato,I just played this game for 10 hours straightit is currently 5:00 AM...And you dare ask me if i recommend this game?ha.haha.hahahaha.hahahahahahaha.HAHAHAHAHAHAH.HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA...yes I recommend this game :)In my opinion this game should cost 20 dollars more!
,Recommended,250320,8356774,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Malritch,The Graphic Novels are wonderful... and to have found this game was like finding hidden treasure. What a treat to play in Bill Willingham's world. Episode 1 is totally engaging and thoroughly enjoyable. Can't wait for the next chapters!!!
,Recommended,250320,14489603,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Stalker,IRL = Insults my friends for fun and drinks their tearsIn the Game = Tries not to cause any trouble and feels horribly guilty when I hurt people.
,Recommended,250320,15972779,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Caigun,"Telltale's best game since Sam & Max, and easily the best game of 2014 as a whole.Fascinating world, great story, beautiful artwork, and well-crafted characters, this game has it all.I really hope that Telltale will release a second season within the foreseeable future10/!0"
,Recommended,250320,11468150,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,{SyN}Valkier,"Simply put, an even more captivating story than Telltale's ""The Walking Dead"".  I've got goosebumps right now after the ending.  THE BUMPS!"
76561198066348512,Recommended,250320,13822402,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DoctorSushi,"I originally bought this game near the beginning of 2014 because I loved The Walking Dead games.  The day I installed it I finished the first chapter and sort of forgot about it.  For some reason, I just didn't play any more than that.  It didn't catch me right away.  A few weeks ago, I got really sick and couldn't work for a week.  After I felt good enough to get out of bed, I started over and beat the game in one sitting.  I don't know why it didn't capture me at first, but this game is just as good as, if not better than, The Walking Dead.You are BIgby Wolf in this game.  The characters in this game are all ""fables"" or characters from another fairy tale.  Don't let this fool you though, this is a very mature game.  Lots of sex, violence, and cussing are here.  The game has a really gritty tone, and reminds me of 70s detective shows.  You have to make a lot of decisions, and even though these decisions don't effect the story as much as I'd like, you do get different outcomes and conversations depending on what you choose to say or do.The story and characters are all very deep and sometimes funny.  I liked these characters and felt that the story was more original than tWD.  Even though this is based off of a graphic novel, it's not about zombies and so it feels more fresh.  I read a couple of the comics after playing, and I liked the game way better.  Maybe it was just more accessible, or maybe I just didn't read the right comics.  Either way, play this game even if you are unfamiliar with the source material.This game is a really good value.  It's only 25 dollars when it's full price and takes about 8 to 10 hours to complete once.  There isn't that much replay value, but if you treat it like a movie or TV show you might want to play it later because you like the story.  If you liked tWD or adventure games then get this game and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250320,11075791,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Alienhell,Kicked open a door and nearly hit a kid in the face.10/10
,Recommended,250320,7543372,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Pony Slaystation,"Telltale did it again, true gem!"
76561198063764012,Recommended,250320,13780792,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,MyCatIsBetterFightMe,"This game is just as enticing and story-riched as the graphic novels it is based on.Honestly, I think anyone who likes mysteries, graphic adventure games or even if they like the style of visual novels, would get their money's worth if they purchased this game. Not only was the story increabibly well told, the atmosphere and graphic were perfection. And the disversity of the characters was just as impressive.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys mysteries and/or adaptations of European fairy tales."
,Recommended,250320,13692885,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cpt Ham,"Let me start out and say ""The wolf among us"" is one of the first ""Point and click"" games i've played.With that being said, i honestly feel like this game has left me without speech. You find yourself sinking in, deeper and deeper the rabbit hole of this plot, becoming one with it. Feeling emotions floating you when things happen in the game. The Animation, voices and choreography are straight forward Amazing! Telltale really delivered with this game and i can't wait for season 2. Well done Telltale!"
,Recommended,250320,13821183,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fognar,"There's not much of a game here, but the story is so damn good you won't care. I'm hoping for a sequel."
,Recommended,250320,13671389,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mejwell,HERE'S A HINT: IT'S THE WOLF.  THE WOLF IS A WOLF AMONG YOU. HOW CAN YOU NOT FIGURE IT OUT YOU STUPID IDIOoh no I split my melk on my ybaord
76561198033944397,Recommended,250320,13677508,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Denebt9,Awesome story
,Recommended,250320,13670197,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr_Muerto,"Telltale really knows how to write a game. I enjoy this game so much, that I may pick up the comic to fallow the strory. The game is a great adventure game, it may be even better that The Walking Dead, to be fair I have never been into the the tv show. However I love to read books, and fairy tales are some of the most entertaining.  Play the game you wont regret it."
76561198032798407,Recommended,250320,13657534,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Panjawat,Telltale game do another best one like a watching TV series.
,Recommended,250320,13757105,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Winter,"Amazing game, totally sold me on Telltale games. I QUESTIONED EVERYTHING."
76561198024768503,Recommended,250320,8969545,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,HideousBabyJesus,Great introduction episode. Took way too long for the second to be released. Probably worth every month i waited
,Recommended,250320,13331676,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Anna Garcia,"Looking for a deep, tasteful storyline? Look no further. This game will keep you engaged and wanting more. With beautiful aesthetics and a captivating script, The Wolf Among Us will make you want to grab more products by Telltale Games!"
76561197982565832,Recommended,250320,13162736,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Arahmain,"The Wolf Among Us:Well what can i really say except blown away. Even as I had solved the mystery, and that believe held right up until the end I suddenly got hit with a line by a character right at the end which completely turned everything around. The Mystery had been solved, but now it had grown even larger with but one line.And the court room scene which seemed to go on and on with every moment feeling I had the upper hand then nothing at all just kept my eyes on the screen unblinking, watching as all the decisions and incident I had been part of coming to my aid or against me.And in the end I feel that I made the right choices and will always make them, though unlike the Walking Dead I'm curious to see what would have occurred had I made different choices.With great intrigue, quirky and original characters that had evolved from fairy tales (yeah I know that might sound like a contradiction) and a dose of film noir style action The Wolf Among Us is the best Telltale game yet to be made.In a world where fairytale characters escaped in an Exodus to our world (the mundane as they refer to it) its never a happy ending and its a real treat watching all our favorite story time characters having to be hit with real world issues and how they have tried to adept. It gritty yet pleasant, emotional but exciting.From start to end and even after from that final line I have mentioned a couple of times already that made me want to follow on makes me glad I brought this when the steam sale arrived and yet leaves me wishing I had purchased it from the start."
,Recommended,250320,8407224,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mercurian,"An excellent atmosphere coupled with great character definition allows for a rare immersive experience. The control system is a step up from Walking Dead season 1 and is the same as Walking Dead season 2 (bear in mind I played WDs2 before this). It works very well with the storytelling because it doesn't feel disruptive. Pure storytelling, action sequences and full character control parts integrate seamlessly.I love the story and universe and I can't wait til the next episode is out :)"
76561197960512132,Recommended,250320,13191982,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,"Dr. Emu, PhD.",Got my non-video-game girlfriend playing a video game.  She doesn't play the fight scenes.  But still this is a huge achievement.
,Recommended,250320,10373461,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Eraserhead,"Even if you hate ""Point and Click"" games, you'll love this."
76561198125586343,Recommended,250320,12308110,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,elbowninja64,"I really enjoyed this game! The way even the slightest choices can effect the entire outcome of the game is astonishing. The intro could be a little bit shorter, however."
76561198065979638,Recommended,250320,8142435,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,verstehen,"Both genre saavy in terms of noir and true to the spirit (and the canon!) of the comics, Wolf Among Us pleases so far. I especially appreciate all the references and in-jokes for comic readers while still keeping the story approachable for those whom never heard of Billingsly or Fables before the game. Not to mention they've done a good job of setting the story prior to the comics and throwing in a few surprises even for someone who is an avid comic reader (and rereader) that actually help accentuate and highlight the characters as they become within the beginning of the comic. Eagerly awaiting more episodes!"
76561198040352536,Recommended,250320,7970754,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[GREY],Just completed Episode 1 and I'm completly hooked. I've instantly fallen in love with The Wolf Among Us and and can only assume that the brilliant Dark-Noir-Funny-Clever atmosphere set in the first episode can only get more intense in the coming episodes.
76561197996758384,Recommended,250320,8200090,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Malasada,"Even though only one episode is available right now, this game/series already seems very promising.  The gameplay itself is simple point & click, but the story and characters are so gripping that you are drawn in right from the start.  In just a couple of hours, the game created a world and characters that I cared about (I haven't read the comics that this game is based upon, though after playing episode 1, I may have to go out and buy them); by the end of the first episode, I've already become invested in these characters and cannot wait for the next episode to be released!The game also offers you the ability to make choices which impact the story (and often there are no clear right or wrong choices) - so the game seems to have great replayability value.  The art style is amazing, the music fits the theme, and the voice acting is well done."
,Recommended,250320,13075899,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,spookster jiji,"This is one of my top 5 games of all times, I wish i could make every person that reads this feel the love i have for this game.Besides the whole  fiasco with me not really enjoying games anymore (To much Multiplayer isnt good for the soul.) I hadnt found a story driven game that i have enjoyed in a LONG time.Being familiar with this style of game (TWD) I went with a leap of faith and bought this after a month of debating on wether or not to get it, My only problem with this game in all honesty is that i didnt buy it soon enough.If you are thinking about getting this my answer to you is ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game.I cant seem to express how much im in love with this game, I cant wait for S2."
,Recommended,250320,10331032,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,julian,Epic.
,Recommended,250320,15963087,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Sneaky Squirrel,"The Wolf Among Us is an episodic, point and click adventure games developed by Telltale Games and based of the Vertigo Series ""Fables"", a good series in itself. Unfortunately I have only read the first five comic books of the series so will not be able to provide an insight into how true to the comics it is.The Wolf Among Us is a suspense filled thriller where you play as Bigby Wolf the fable town sheriff in an attempt to solve a murder mystery over five episodes.Pros:-Great Story full of suspense, twists and turns and all sorts of lovely surprises for you.-Art Style is absolutely stunning, similar art style to the Borderlands and Crackdown games.-Characters you can easily get emotionally invested in, love or hate.-Play style is good, point and click with some movement and frequent quick time events to add a feel of interactivity to the game.Cons:-Limited Playtime: I absolutely adored this game it very easily makes it into my top three list however I only have 12 hours playtime due to the fact that you can complete the story in 6 - 8 hours and the extra hours I have are just getting the last couple of achievements.EDIT: After reading the first ten volumes of the Fables comics upon which the game is based I can safely say that this game is a prequel to the comic book series, as far as I have got in the comics I believe the story of The Wolf Among Us may be canon in the comic universe as well which should make it even more enjoyable for comic fans. However this game is focused solely around Bigby Wolf in his role as Sheriff of Fabletown, his investigative prowess, the morality choices surrounding his character and how he interacts with other Fables, there is some political undercurrent surrounding the story arc as a whole but not as much as can be found in the comic books.I feel it also worth noting that my reading of the comics has not detrimented my love of the game but in fact added to it. I would go into more detail however I would be revealing some spoilers in both the game and the comics."
76561198111560263,Recommended,250320,19322550,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Catscratch,if this is a game about fables where is shrek
76561198067608905,Recommended,250320,10709416,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,emgreg,"As a reader of the comics, I was skeptical about them pulling this off. Shaky start with Snow's voice (I kept seeing Carly) but overall, a really great attempt to put such a wonderful story into a game. Love the noir look and the 'book of fables' for those non comic book fans.I finished episode 4 yesterday and I'm still thinking through my choices and regretting earlier decisions which for me is a sign of a really good game.If you want fairytale/horror story (sort of) and nursery rhyme characters emersed in a story of sex, murder and embezzlement with a load of swearing thrown in .. then this is the game for you :)"
76561198075146602,Recommended,250320,12915764,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Prof Cinnamon Roll,Gorgeous game and great storytelling.
76561198080426837,Recommended,250320,7933908,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Poor Quimby,"Another jewel in Tellatale's crown. If you are a fan of the walking dead or interactive storytelling, this is an absolute must have. And the feelings of nostalgia that came of noticing the fables that were my childhood put to life (granted in a much darker sense) made the expierience that much more interseting and enjoyable. While I can only speak for the first episode, this series is definitley worth a look.Update: Chapter 2 does not dissapoint in any regard, if anything it gripped me more than the first"
,Recommended,250320,13560976,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Renton,Waited way too long to buy this on sale.  It's worth full price.
,Recommended,250320,8243462,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Cheox,Great game! *Mind blowing*
,Recommended,250320,8050547,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,"Rex ""Power"" Colt","I highly recommended this game. The beautiful and vibrate cartoonish cell shading art style really matches the grim story of the Fables within Fabletown. The story thus far is about The Big Bad Wolf, Mr. Bigsby, following the recent murders in Fabletown. So much like The Walking Dead game (both are made by Tale Tell Games) is episode based and choices made within the game will reflect throughout the game. Even in the first episode your choices do make significant changes within the game. The in game fight/decision system is great. It’s much better than The Walking Dead in game fight/decision system. I do feel the investigation aspect of the game is lacking and maybe it’s the first episode. I feel that The Walking Dead is better in that area. Overall that game is great. The story, gameplay, art style and overall feel of the game work very well.Overall: 9/10 -- Not sure it’s worth $30 currently (only one episode) but definitely if it is on sale."
76561198025705346,Recommended,250320,8222440,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zardoz,"For those of you who haven't been paying attention, Telltale Games is setting the gold standard for storytelling in ANY visual medium. No game of theirs highlights it better than The Wold Among Us. I can't wait for the next installment to drop!"
76561198028806921,Recommended,250320,8176578,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,NCRDesertRanger,"Taletell's ""games"" in general are more interactive stories rather than games, but they are nonetheless enjoyable. Although it is only the first episode there is already a heavy noir atmosphere which is very captivating. But in an effort to avoid spoilers I will cut this short until most of the episodes have been released. With what little has been seen, I do recommend this interactive story to the mature audience."
,Recommended,250320,8306016,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,paulohotline®,"Hey now, Telltale is becoming a world class gaming studio! Wow, this game continues the same level of excellent story telling combined with outstanding graphics started with The Walking Dead Season 1. If you like the show Grimm on TV, you will love this story and game. 10\10!"
,Recommended,250320,11147638,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Spooky Noises,"Read Fables instead, the best part of this game is the IP it's linked to. Other than that? meh...Get it on sale if you want, but full price is too much for a railroaded illusion~of~choice game that was completely changed 2 episodes in because the mystery was so poorly scripted everyone figured it out already.I could have written the same review months ago, figured I'd give it a chance, but the ending was less than thrilling.I felt like I was being dragged kicking and screaming towards an end I didn't want and just when I thought I had escaped it's grasp it kicked me and spat in my face."
76561198064565662,Recommended,250320,11140456,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,starfighterlily01,This is an excellent game. If you are looking for a game with real story where all your choices make an inpact on how the game plays out then look not further. Wolf Among Us brings you in the Fabletown and introduces you to each of the characters. As you learn about them you get a feeling of who they are and begin to enjoy seeing them again in other epidsode. The story is very gripping and has you coming back for more with each episode. I can't wait until season two to see what Bigby will do next.
,Recommended,250320,11992917,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,NeRoNiZeR,"Another great hit from Telltales! The mixture of noir, action, depth, and our favorite childhood stories makes an incredible story.The Wolf Among Us makes you want more, so I became quite interested in Fables (which TWAU is based of).I'm not good with words, but I do say this! If you love games with good stories you can invest in, you have to try this game!9/10"
76561198081472765,Recommended,250320,12326393,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Nemx,Simply amazing
,Recommended,250320,12104568,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Human Time Machine,Great game - I simply couldn't put it down. The writting is solid and the characters (while all seem to have some negative or dreary attributes) were interesting enough to keep me looking forward to each turn of the story.
,Recommended,250320,12195746,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,samzala,"Comic books, children's stories and fables, point and click adventure games and episodic content release; How does it all hold together?Telltale, carrying the torch ofLucasArtsadventure games, has obviously worked out a formula that works extremely well. The game adaptation ofThe Walking Deadcaptured everyone's attention, butThe Wolf Among Ushad avoided my interest for a time despite recommendations for it. It's certainly based on amuchless well known series of comics,Fables. I haven't regretted getting into it.The characters of fairy tales and folklore live in New York City, keeping their Fabletown community protected by magic from the common humans. What these Fables have to tell isn't a story for children, even if it's past their bedtime. Violence and explicit content is plentiful, but majority of the time it remains restrained and mature. Gritty would be how I'd describe it. Games for grown-ups. Gameplay wise it's the same bread and butter already worn in from The Walking Dead. Leaning back and playing with a gamepad suits the story focused content well, but since we're on PC it's of course possible to use mouse and keyboard. There are segments requiring quick cursor movement, but a mouse doesn't do any better than a thumbstick even in those parts. Can choose your controller with regards to personal preference, no impact on experiencing the game.Well, experiencing the story, rather. As mentioned, the gameplay is already established from previous Telltale games. Choosing what to say when interacting with characters, moving around on screen, occasional puzzles and quick time events. If you want more from a game than""just""a truly excellent story with believable characters this isn't going to do it. If on the other hand you want precisely that, it's going to be a tale worth retelling."
76561198006680322,Recommended,250320,12099637,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Thorinbur,"This game, same as The Walking Dead are absolutely amazing. Even thou relatively short [8-10h] they leave you pondering your choices and situations. Whole story is interesting, keeps you engaged and wonder. And again, like with The Walking Dead you are very often presented with a choice you dont really want to make with no real good option, but not like ""the game won't allow me to do what i would like"" bad options, more like: ""This is really crappy situation I am in, and I don't really want to do that, but I have no choice"" kind of way. You will second guess yourself and second guess your real nature. You will be pressed agains the wall and the game will test your character many, many times."
,Recommended,250320,12213308,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Beastmode365,This game features the Little Mermaid as a stripper.10/10
76561198115808310,Recommended,250320,12745092,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,teenytinyhappyseal,"I am a big fan of the interactive story genre and I ♥ this game.  Grittily atmospheric, believable but punchy dialogue, gorgeous art style reminiscent of comic books, tough choices that determine the narrative of the game, a new twist on story book characters - this game is just done extremely well.  Also, all of the season 1 episodes are out - so you can satisfy your desire to play through the entire season all at once (if that is your cup o' tea!).  Can't wait for season 2!  If you are new to the interactive story genre, just remember: it's all about the ride, not the destination :)"
,Recommended,250320,12795523,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,K34RN3Y,"I would strongly like to see a sequel of this game on the horizon.  Telltale has done it again, another amazing addition to their episodic content of games.  A must play for an immensely darker look at the Fables we all know and love.I found the story and gameplay to this game remarkable and enjoyed every minute of it.I highly recommend this game to anyone that has a love of the Fable comics and also a fan of Telltale games."
,Recommended,250320,12808446,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,jettee,Fantastic game
,Recommended,250320,12815565,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cleaner,"This game...My god this game is amazing. if you have played the walking dead season 1 and or 2 by telltale games, im fairly certain you will love The Wolf Among Usthe way the story is told and the interactions you get... Amazing. Your choices have a pretty big impact on the story.i was going nonstop trough all the episodes. Have to say i regret that.. Not cus they're bad. But because i finished the story (game)im exited for a season 2or a expansion pack.can i recommend this game? Yes most definately.HOWEVER.if you dont like point and click games and or detective types of games i will not recommend this.Even though the game itself isn't bad.Though i have to say. in my walktrough i had 4 major game breaking bugs.i have pictures on my profile showing what the bug included.but they were easy fixed by going to the main menu and loading last checkpoint.i cant rate the game on steam as i would see fit.but i would give this game a strong 9/10 its a must own for fans of this kind of genre."
76561198138897576,Recommended,250320,12731831,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hunter of Rivia,what a story ! .. i like every thing at the game 10/10
,Recommended,250320,10838300,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LinkToReality,"I feel I've played enough to properly review this game now :)I've been holding off on getting any of TellTale's games before, simply because I'm not a fan of episodic gameplay.When this went on sale though I said to myself ""Well, I've heard good things about this game, can't hurt to give it a try.""I start the game up with moderate expectations. I'm usually skeptic about games even when they are praised by others.The first thing I'm greeted with is the, to me really nice Main Menu music, it gives a sense of mystery and makes me wanna get into the game. I fiddle with the settings, for some reason it put my resolution at the lowest setting so I had to change that, then I start a new game.It doesn't take long for me to get connected with the main character, I really like the idea of a villain trying to turn over a new leaf in this new world.After some QTE sequences I get to the end of the prologue for the chapter and the intro starts to play, again I'm amazed by the music.Based solely on that first little part of the game I knew I was hooked. The story telling is great, the characters are great and the music is amazing.Now I haven't caught up to the current chapter yet, but I've played the first two so far and to me this game is an easy 10/10.Scores for those that are into them:Graphics: 8/10 It's an interesting style but it can look a bit smudgey at times.Music: 10/10 Simply amazing.Voice acting: 10/10 Really good job on this, which is always nice in a game that relies heavily on talking.Story: 10/10 Sooooo captivating and exciting, once I start a chapter it's really hard to stop before the end of it.Gameplay: 9/10 Only thing I ever have issues with is reading all the conversational options in the time I have to choose.Overall: 10/10! Get this game! (If you don't mind a completely storydriven game with quite a few QTEs)"
76561198025739451,Recommended,250320,21358695,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Frustration,This game draws you. Her idea and story are perfect. This is one of the best games I've played.
76561198075473965,Recommended,250320,14671071,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cole444Train,"This is the single best story based game I've played on Steam. The story is engrossing, and just when you think there have been enough twist and turns, something else crazy happens. There is no way to predict the plot, and by the end you really do feel attatched to Bigby Wolf. My first playthrough took me about 8 hours, and it was worth every penny. Highly recommend, 9/10EDIT: Life Is Strange is now the single best story game I've played on steam, sorry Bigby."
,Recommended,250320,21369143,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,VampiruS,Worth every penny. I wish I could erase my memories and play this masterpiece over and over.
,Recommended,250320,21340258,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SteppenWolf,"Game is so fantastic that it grips you and don't let go till the end.. Story is captivating, and you relate with characters. It's similar to Heavy rain type of gameplay. (Although its more of a movie rather than a game. It's about choices most of the time.) I like the art style , music etc.  Animations are not that great but i like it overall. It has high replay value because of different choices you could make. I always love James Jean art on Fables' covers, but never read one. Probably i will have those after finishing this game."
76561198158766119,Recommended,250320,21399145,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,EMOrris03,Turned childhood memories of Disney characters into memories of dead Disney characters.10/10 would destroy childhood memories again
76561198059994723,Recommended,250320,20714438,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jparadysz,"Exceptional storytelling as with most telltale games, definitely one of the best. If you like the other telltale games then I would highly reccomend picking this one up. I'd suggest getting it on sale it is worth every cent."
76561197993512229,Recommended,250320,7961723,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Alek,Highly recommend it
76561198014211579,Recommended,250320,10840395,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Maxim9601,"Очень интересная игра, сюжет захватывает с самого начала. В ""Волке"", как и в ""Ходячих мертвецах"", его своеобразном предшественнике, также полно решений, некоторые из которых даже не очень явные. На самом деле, если вам понравилась The Walking Dead, вам гарантированно понравится The Wolf Among Us."
,Recommended,250320,21206116,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,sulnedinfind,"Neat cartoonish graphics, not-so-bad story, lively world, interesting characters, lots of pleasing details everywhere.Definitely one of the best experiences I've had lately."
,Recommended,250320,21260445,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Ropecar#2343,Really enjoyed this game and got hooked to the fables comics because of it .
76561197971881412,Recommended,250320,7377007,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Dhalsim,This game makes me want to smoke a ciggeratte and have a glass of hard liquor.
76561198171118986,Recommended,250320,20747168,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Super_Kawaii,We all gather to play this one in my house like a little cult-Great characters-Great Story-Great Graphics-Great Rack on little MermaidHIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
76561198019522279,Recommended,250320,20750409,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Turysaz,waiting for the sequel! :)
,Recommended,250320,19082397,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,BR34K,"The strongest of the Telltales-titles. I am a big fan of the genre, and this is my favourite. Combining excellent voice acting, compelling characters and a simply astounding story. High replayability.9/10"
76561198155166138,Recommended,250320,21761093,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Don El-Sharabi,"""You are not as bad as everyone thinks you are""If that line alone did not captivate you or compel you to get your hands on the game (like it did me, let alone the strong recommendations given by a great friend of mine), then the story, the execution, and the characters are the greatest selling points for this game (given that you like this story-telling like of a game)If you have played a TellTaleGames game before, then you know how this is going to be like."
,Recommended,250320,19147593,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ascardon,"Not as good or funny as ""Tales from the Borderlands"", but still a good QTE-Adventure with a really dark story"
,Recommended,250320,18462471,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Fallen_Empire99,"Exactly how a Telltale game should be, draws you in with a well devolped story and great plot, highly recommended."
,Recommended,250320,21654739,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Vinibourne,"An absolutely fantastic Telltale game, based on Vertigo's ""Fables"" comic book series. Worth every single penny!"
,Recommended,250320,20253252,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Karina,"The Wolf Among Us is probably one of the best mystery games I have played. The plot, art style, and the characters were amazing! The script and voice acting was very good as well. :) I really hope they'll make a second season for this game!"
,Recommended,250320,16450480,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,knighttraviis,"The Big Bad Wolf is going to huff n' puff...The Wolf Among Us is a crime mystery drama about the town of Fabletown, a place where childhood fables and tales live together like the three pigs, the mermaid, Snow White, and many many more. When Bigsby, the big bad wolf finds a a murdered fable him and Snow White work together to solve the case and bring justice to the town of Fabletown.The game is the typical stuff you'd expect from Telltale by now, click on things to investigate and make choices that shape the story and how each character looks at you. This point and click style of gameplay works beautifully here and is extremely well done. There are a few set piece action sequences with quick time events, but they are never frustrating to do and help bring some action to the overall story.Anyone that likes the crime drama genre should definitely give this game a try, you really would not regret it at all."
,Recommended,250320,21808084,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Belinda,THOROUGHLY recommend this game to anyone who loves a great story. This game made me start reading the comics.
,Recommended,250320,10187337,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Adam-Matic Gaming,"A refreshing entry in the pick your own choice adventure game once again made by our friends at Telltale Games. It is just as fun as The Walking Dead, but has a much deeper story, better characters and a more atmospheric feel. Basically, Telltale Games learned from their already amazing game, and improved on all of the things that the fans complained about, like making the choices that actually matter seem more important than the character building speach choices to let you make a more informed choice.Other than that, this is basically a very fun game, that sucks you into the world of the fables and makes you love or hate certain characters like you really were Bigby Wolf. YOU WANT HIM TO SUCCEED. And that is the biggest thing to look for in a pick your own choice adventure game. This is a must buy."
76561197963616357,Recommended,250320,13948650,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,U.N.Owen,"Such a fun game, it's a one-two punch of great story and strong voice-acting.  There were some odd glitches at the end of the game, so I cannot say it's perfect; but it's certainly worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,250320,25338789,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,King Of Kings,"I finished entire game in one day and here is my review.The story itself is really perfect from fables series, and is really dragging me to play more.The gameplay itself is good but i founded a few bug where there is no scene played and it just showed ""This Choice Is Blank!"" and i have to restart the entire episode but thats ok for me. This game is perfect and i just waiting for Season 2 to release to see what The Big Bad Wolf get into next - 8.7/10"
76561198036595652,Recommended,250320,18424281,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Postal,I want to die
,Recommended,250320,22922666,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Third Time's The Charm,"Easily my second favorite Telltale game yet. Very great atmosphere, a must-play for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,250320,11462716,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,So Competitive!,"Excellent, intriguing, and mature story. In games like this one it's usually hard to make a difference with your choices, but I felt most of my choices mattered in the end. I even regret some choices I've made during this first playthrough. The end left me with a few unanswered questions, but I think it was on purpose to make me want to read the comics (Wolf Among Us is based on a series of Comic books titled ""Fable""), or maybe because they are preparing a Season 2. The quicktime events were a little too easy most of the time. It took me 8 hours to finish, but I'll definetly play it again some day to try other options. Personally I like short games with good story, because I don't have the same patience, passion or time I used to have for video games, unfortunately.If you want a short, simple game, with an excellent interactive story, look no further. You have no reason to pass this one.I'd give it a 8.5/10."
,Recommended,250320,20867320,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SAVAGE,10/10 wud play again
,Recommended,250320,22017741,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Nidokinq,"I was skeptical about playing TWAU, since I don't play many games and have never considered a TellTale game before. That being said, I cannot believe how immersed I was in this game. Amazing plot and character development, a fantastic theme about injustice in the government, and an ending that leaves you begging for more."
,Recommended,250320,22148629,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,✪Dizzle✪,"Completed the whole game with a couple of friends and extremely enjoyed it, if you have played other telltale games then you will love this one.Highly recommend for the £20 it is.10/10 would erase memory of game to play again."
76561198089405758,Recommended,250320,11607694,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,PCintrovert,The Wolf Amoung Us has a great and in depth story with great twists and turns during the story that really keep you wanting to play more and more. It also does a great job with the characters as I tended to find that I was carring about what may or may not happen to one of them. At the end of the day this is a great game and does not disappoint. Keep up the good work Telltale Games.
,Recommended,250320,8359448,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,littlepenisjansour,Superb game. Telltale Games has done it again...
,Recommended,250320,22056019,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Simaram,Highly recommend this game! Will be playing again for sure! Fail to see how you could be disappointed if you like a story-rich point and click game. Top of my list now! Seriously hope for a sequel!
76561198203693096,Recommended,250320,33576104,Posted: 15 July,all,ZittinoBob,"A good game with a good story, and also very grimm*badumm tssss*"
,Recommended,250320,33014199,Posted: 29 June,all,Alphazen,Great Story!
76561197969066488,Recommended,250320,14614375,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Warlok,Really enjoyed this! 8 Hours of relaxing interactive comic book story. 8/10
76561198056187968,Recommended,250320,18514555,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Breda,"Amazing game! The story is incredibly engrossing, the characters are all very interesting and unique, and it has just the right amount of action to boot.I've just finished my second play-through and I'm suffering from a terrible case of withdrawal and I just wished Telltale would hurry up with the second season!Highly recommended for everyone. It's definitely one of  the company's best title."
76561198059286001,Recommended,250320,13539642,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ShitEggs,Amazing game. The storyline is just amazing. I would give this game an 11/10.
,Recommended,250320,26080257,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Rabbit,I absolutely loved this game! It's the second telltale game I've played (actually batman was the first).Pros:Wonderful story with familiar characters (with a twist of course)All the stats about your choices as compared to others (in all telltale games of course)Awesome art styleEasy 100% for achievementsCons:Seems like it could easily have another gameSometimes my dialogue would skip
,Recommended,250320,7471492,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,SoloMish,Telltale does it again!if you liked the walking dead series then you will love this game.
,Recommended,250320,7499910,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Sanlumiere,"Updated Review: The entire first Season.This Story-driven murder mystery will huff, and puff, and absolutely blow you away.In this evolution of the point-and-click adventure game, you take the role of Bigby ""The Big Bad"" Wolf, sheriff of Fabletown.Before we go any further, ""The Wolf Among Us"" is based on the comic book series by Bill Willingham called ""Fables."" The comic is published by DC Comic's mature imprint Vertigo. For numerous reasons, the creatures, characters, heroes and villians of our fairy tales have left their world and moved to ours to take up residence. Those who don't quite pass for human call a place known as ""the Farm"" home... well, most of them do anyway.You will be glad to know that the above paragraph gives you more than enough information for you to jump straight in to the game without needing to know more. The more you know, the more the clever , sophistocated writing will make you smile as you catch some of those small, subtle references.This game is gorgeous. Heavily inspired by the style of the source material, the artists pushed the concept of bringing a comic book to life far beyond even the limits they had set in the previous comic-book inspired series ""The Walking Dead.""This comic-book style is merged with a traditional film noir presentation to make this game a truly a pleasure to look at.That said, there are some odd choices made with design - a character's head here and there seems to be bizarrely disproportionate to their body for example - but nothing that would detract from the experience or cause you to scratch your head for a few seconds.The story writing, direction and pacing of the game is excellent. The mystery we are asked to solve is  immediately engaging, the decisions are for the most part relevant - though be warned, some require your input in record time to avoid the dreaded ""..."" response - and the thoughtful juxtapositions of Quick Time Events, detailed conversation, plot twists and investigation make it so you rarely get bored as you progress through the roughly 1.5 hour episodes.The voice acting performances are, for the most part, excellent which leaves you feeling very much immersed in a well-acted movie.Several choices you make feel important, though clearly many also feel equally irrelevant (and based on the progression of the scene, apparently mostly were). That's to be forgiven however as you do reach the end and feel the impacts of enough of your decisions to feel it was all worth it.Now for some of the bad...The controls and camera can be more than a minor irritation as they poorly adjust to transitions between areas and you lose sight of where you are supposed to be going. Occasionally you have to click an item on the very edge of the screen as the game decides you can't enter the adjacent area without risking the end of the world as we know it.Frame rate issues are oddly noticable in this game. My gaming system is quite beefy and runs most up-to-date games at high settings with no obvious challenges. I can't rule out the problem being with my specific set up, but it's worth noting. It was not a significant issue and certainly didn't marr my experience with the game.The save bugs, however, DID cause me some significant annoyance and not only reduced the quality of my experience, but actually changed it.One such bug allowed me to reach the last couple of scenes of the game and then presented me with numerous pages of ""This option is blank!"" before deciding to start the whole chapter over again.Another completely ignored the decision I had made in the previous chapter (which seemed more than important to the story - and did indeed prove to be quite relevant) causing me to have to replay that chapter to get the decision that I wanted saved to my playthrough.More than a couple of times, the NPC models disappeared completely forcing me to restart the game in order to see what the heck was going on. This primarily happened during the Quick Time Events.This next one isn't a ""bad"" but just a fair warning:This game looks like it might be for kids. It's comic book style is misleading. This is based on a comic intended for much older audiences than the term ""Comic book"" might imply.I personally love Fables - it's one of my favourite comic book series of all time, but I would be remiss in not pointing out that the rating on this game is no joke. Strong sexual content, language, blood, gore, violence and more appear throughout this story - so little 8-year-old Johnny is not quite the target audience.Despite it's execution flaws, however, this game is absolutely fantastic. The conclusion will stick with you for quite a while leaving you wanting to find people to discuss it with, and it's an immersive experience that not only is a treat for the eyes, but will engage you emotionally as you work to bring justice to Fabletown.I STRONGLY recommend this game and can't wait to see where Taletell Games takes this fantastic source material next."
,Recommended,250320,18597310,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,KimMeh13,I love the game so as the story <3<3<3
76561198071905873,Recommended,250320,16479269,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,i would sugest this game to anyone and everyone its one of the best tell tale games ive ever played.
,Recommended,250320,16434779,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,無乳,"Whether this makes me strange or not is something that I'm not entirely sure of, but I've got this stigma about videogames to where I can like just about anything tossed my way, but it's very rare that any of those games leave a lasting impression that makes me want more. The games that fall into the latter of those descriptions leave me with this funny feeling, kind of like the one I felt when I was in the 5th grade and I'd daydream about the girl that I had a crush on during class - that feeling was something along the lines of just wanting to call out to the world about how I felt, but then the startling realization of the possible repercussions suppressed my joy. The end result was this funny feeling in the middle of my chest, that was both sugary and heavy at the same time. Oh, those were the days.While playing this game, I experienced that sweet but burdensome feeling in my chest in the same vein that Freedom Planet and BioShock Infinite left me feeling - and those are my number one and number two favorite videogames of all time, respectively. I grew to care about these characters - I wanted the best for both Bigby and the ones around him, be it Snow White or Toad or even the Woodsman, who I feel had a surprisingly awesome performance in this game, given his role and all. What made it special is that the story not only made me feel towards these characters, but it often gave me ultimatum decisions that could potentially harm the ones I cared about, be it something of a moral choice of what's right versus the character or sometimes even one character I cared about versus another. The decisions were pressing, and the combination of that and wanting the best for some of these characters would almost render me speechless. What should I do? Who should I side with? Is this right?I found myself asking those questions very often, and the decisions I made would constantly root their way into my mind as I watched the story unfold. I remember scaring TJ when I slapped Toad around - I didn't think that he and Snow would walk back in and see it.♥♥♥♥♥♥ I felt guilty for that. I found myself calling back to it as I watched the story unfold before me, and it felt like a punch in the gut when TJ was scared of me later on.This game left an impact on me, to say the least. It's not a gameplay intensive game in any sense, but if you love a great story that will totally suck you in then this is something I will highly recommend - even at full price.Go ahead. Get this game. You'll be missing out big time if you don't."
,Recommended,250320,16427021,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jpelda_CrazyCat,"I would really like to see a sequel to this with choices that would matter in the end. Story is enjoyable (and cruel in some parts... and there are guts coming out of someone's body in a scene.... buuut I wouldn't call that a problem). Graphics are pretty good and fitting (again, the guts look.... nice?) and I honestly felt like Bigby was the most likeable out of all characters, even though he's a bad wolf and he doesn't mind killing people.... strange.... Anyway, buy it, play it, enjoy it."
,Recommended,250320,16583339,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,๖ۣۜHurricane,remember to include a pair of clean undies into the price because holy macaroni it's gonna make you sh.it yourself.
,Recommended,250320,16541112,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Neeble,Purchase this game immeadiately so you can gradually become frustrated with a broken bureacracy that lends itself to oppressing disinfranchised individuals while simulataneously ripping peoples arms off for no good reason.
76561198062277983,Recommended,250320,16664054,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MasterOfPuppene,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8c5wmeOL9o
,Recommended,250320,16624701,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Godden Walker,"Amazing soundtrack, the characters are recreated great and the story rocks.It's fun to play as the Big Bad Wolf and be a badass detective that can fulfill my sadistic instincts.10/10 Would chop his arm again."
,Recommended,250320,16709928,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Bob from Human Resources,"The Wolf Among Us Season 1 - Sheriff Jackass (spoiler free)Despite having played The Walking Dead Season 1, I was apprehensive about purchasing The Wolf Among Us. However, such notions proved unfounded shortly into the first episode. The Wolf Among Us is a prequel to the Fables comic book series which I've never read; you truly don't need to in order to enjoy this game. The Wolf Among us portrays various fairy tale characters tied together such as The Big Bad ""Bigby"" Wolf, Snow White, Beauty and the Beast, and one of the Three Little Pigs in ""our"" world; in a noir-esque downtrodden section of the Bronx. This game may ruin your childhood; in the world of Fables, ever present is prostitution, murder, and drugs amongst other crimes.(If you've ever wanted to see the Little Mermaid pole dance topless, then this may be the game for you, you degenerate perv.)You play as Bigby, the sheriff of Fabletown who must solve a string of murders which is something of a very rare occurrence. As to not give anything away, I will not say anymore. The only downside that I can possibly think of, albeit small, is the somewhat abrupt cliffhanger of an ending which there are various theories floating around as to what it could mean. However, there is supposed to be a season 2 to The Wolf Among us. Regardless, if you liked The Walking Dead game(s), what Nolan did for Batman in terms of realism, and/or you’re simply a kinky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who wants to see fairy tale characters degrade themselves, buy this game."
,Recommended,250320,16724271,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,☆ ♥ Shane Long ♥ ☆,"☕Wolf Among Us☕(Spoliers!)6/26/15♥The Wolf Among Us is an episodic interactive mystery drama graphic adventure video game based on Bill Willingham's Fables comic book series.A young *********, Faith, ends up dead literally on his doorstep, and across a series of five episodes, it's up to Bigby to unravel a massive conspiracy involving people at all ranks of Fabletown society.The only real control you have over the investigative proceedings is how Bigby interviews and interrogates characters. Bigby’s relationship with the inhabitants of Fabletown is a strained one. Everyone vividly remembers his past habit of eating grandmothers and his unnatural interest in young women dressed in red. What's more, that aggressive, predatory streak is still very much part of his character. Unleashing it can be very useful when “extracting” information, but it may come back to bite you later on, proving to the community that Bigby is the monster they believe him to be.Wolf Among Us isn't as tight as the first season of Walking Dead. It wanders. It meanders. It loses parts of itself along the way, losing focus at time. To its credit, it nevertheless manages to remain compelling throughout the entire series. The first chapter of Wolf Among Us is probably the strongest—it's full of strong characterizations right from the first title sequence and does an incredible job setting up the world even for those who've never read (or even heard of) the comics.The Wolf Among Us' core mystery is also surprisingly solid. Like Walking Dead, Wolf Among Us is about eighty percent dialogue, ten percent walking around as Bigby, and ten percent action sequences. What starts with Faith's murder quickly escalates into a sordid tale that has you prowling strip clubs and backstreet butcher shops for clues, discussing goings-on with the locals.I still think it's a good game and hope for a Season 2 but, I don't think Telltale's narrative framework will support a second season. It needs a rethink, a way to make it into a true detective game (as opposed to a True Detective game) rather than a Telltale adventure with a Wolf Among Us theme.Any ways Season One of The Wolf Among Us is a success!♥"
76561198121945016,Recommended,250320,16395852,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tereeseeus,very gud
,Recommended,250320,16389594,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rick Mill,"The only thing to dislike, Is the fact that there is no sequel announced yet.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,16389962,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Charon,"Telltale Games are like Marmite. Some people love them, some people hate them. By now, you probably know which category you fall into so all I'm gonna say is this is a fantastic game and probably my favourite so far of the Telltale titles. It's gritty, it's funny and the choices are as interesting as always."
,Recommended,250320,16392641,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,250320,11533467,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Dark Knight,"This game is casual, yet addicting. It has great depth of story, character, and world, and awesome art. I really enjoyed playing it.However, I wonder about how much impact your choices really have on the game. For the most part, you seem to be headed in the same direction no matter what. Also, without the ability to skip cut scenes, it is unrealistic to replay the game. I would love to replay the whole thing making all different choices just to see what happens. I know we should not have a skip option during the first playthrough, but maybe the developers could add that as an unlocked option once you finish all 5 episodes.If the game looks interesting to you, it is well worth getting."
76561198051032319,Recommended,250320,16819849,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mad_Tyrion,"Ended Episode 1 and promised myself to not rush it.The day after i inevitably ended the whole game .-.Oh well, time to check different routes...10/10 would play it 24/7 again."
76561198170141822,Recommended,250320,16994827,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,darkeagle6755,my first tell tale i loved it i really want to see more of bigby in the future also made me want to try the walking dead
76561198088632029,Recommended,250320,16769632,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,rmsjms98,"Great game. I love these types of games, stories that evolve around your choices. This game has a great story and lots of replay value. I can't wait to play this game again and change some of the choices I made. Only complaints I have is that its auto-save so if you have to leave during a certain part, you have to re-do the unsaved section again. Its only a minor complaint. The art tooks some getting used to, but its truly beautiful.  The comic book style really brings some of the characters to life. The art also took some getting used to. Overall this game was fantastic and I would recommend it to all my friends."
76561198113873822,Recommended,250320,16735968,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,meep,My mum played it and said it was great.10 outta 10
,Recommended,250320,17032134,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,HamidrezA,"Great AtmosphereGreat story nodes and fold backs and twistsmild sound design and musicGreat thing for me personally was that this game is just like a movie, which you have the option to rule it!amazing!9/10"
76561198060788733,Recommended,250320,17864181,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,OverheatedLaptop,I killed a man with my thumb.
76561198067347250,Recommended,250320,22601754,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ausshark,[Glass him]
,Recommended,250320,14178938,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,LivingDed,"I didn't expect to, but I really liked this game!  The dialogue and voice-acting were phenomenal.  The artwork made the whole game seem like I was participating in a living graphic novel.  Having read the Fables comics while in college, I was afraid that the characters might not hold true, but they were exactly as I remembered them.  Wonderfully done.I also want to point out that the game was not immensely long.  Completion only took about 10 hours for me and I did backtrack once or twice to change a decision I had made to see other outcomes.  It's something you can sink into for short sessions and come back to with ease.My only complaints -- and they're pretty minor -- were some slight graphic issues when dialogue was about to occur.  Also, I wished I could have dialed up the difficulty as I sometimes felt the game was handing me a easy win.9/10Excellent storytelling!"
76561198001584942,Recommended,250320,13517216,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,FawnOfWar,"Perfect length, great pacing and killer writing. Action, discovery and tense decisions await all the way through.  Worth the full price but an absolute steal when it's on sale. Beautifully animated and voice acted too. It'll make you want to read the comic series but it won't spoil too much of significance as it's a prequel."
,Recommended,250320,21643237,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,PuLSaR,Awesome story and atmosphere. World of darkness meets fairy-tales.
76561198028397546,Recommended,250320,10585938,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,HARMANATOR,"Not the most action packed game in a gameplay-oriented sort of way, but an absolutely brilliant narrative type storytelling for a game, brilliant soundtrack, brilliant voice acting, brilliant plot.  Definitely worth the buy, especially if its on sale."
76561198055486407,Recommended,250320,9820209,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Warrior,So hype
76561197966105913,Recommended,250320,10740215,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Revixy,Yet another great TellTale game.Simply mindblowing~!8.5/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWAeFKrcZK8&index=1&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHw2M7qtgeIZPGazzIFfIcveNote: Added video.
,Recommended,250320,18622118,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,GeT_JaCkEd_MaN,The fairytales have taken a dark turn in this atmospheric noir.Telltale does it again.
76561197970380355,Recommended,250320,14722268,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Pisha,Very inteligent game with a strong story and some really great characters. I really enjoyed the game was a pleasure to play a well thought out adult game. I hope we get more games of this caliber soon.
,Recommended,250320,9783629,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Alexios,"As it could be expected from a Telltale game, the story is awesome and it's gonna get you hooked. The characters are memorable (and you already know most of 'em anyway), the dialog is great and the mystery upon which the plot circles around is actually pretty interesting and intriguing - replaying this game later after all the episodes come out will definetely be on my To Do list.Speaking of the episodic nature of the game, a lot of people complain about the six month-ish delay between the first and the second episodes, but as a fan of the A Song of Ice and Fire series I don't really think I'll have problems waiting. And if you do, go read the ♥♥♥♥ing comicbooks of which the game is based on, Fables. It's awesome and you should give it a read.TL DR the game is awesome and it's worth muh monnies."
76561198044167636,Recommended,250320,14815466,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,:-(SMILE)-:,Great storydriven point and click game with a few quiktime event. the story hooked my on and would not leave. certainly worth the shot if you were still wondering
,Recommended,250320,14812267,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,jek,Best Telltale Game there is.
,Recommended,250320,9987024,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Sean Murray™,Just buy this game. You shall not regret it!
,Recommended,250320,12251957,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,tumblevalley,Really good game. Story was well done and hella fascinating.
76561198047668775,Recommended,250320,14183020,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,George Zimmerman {suicidal},"I went into this game only ever playing Telltale's Walking Dead series and now I really just want to play every game they have developed, even Jurassic Park. The Wolf Among Us did have the Telltale narrative-driven story that most have come to expect, and if you don't like that and really care about gameplay then do not buy this game. I personally love the ""Telltale Formula"" and this game feels like I am playing a tv miniseries or something along those lines. If you are into to decision making and an awesome story, I highly suggest you pick up this game because it is extremely good."
76561198018388232,Recommended,250320,14168818,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,lllLegion,"Well above average, but not as good as the walking dead season 1 (don’t think they’ll ever top themselves)Maybe I shouldn’t compare it to the walking dead because on its own it’s a really good story; had fun playing detective and learning about the world, and no real issues.Just don’t expect the same emotional ending or connections with the characters as there was in twd.A different sort of story, but still a darn good one. Well worth the purchase."
76561198065971934,Recommended,250320,13841616,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,GTxEffects.. and Pancakes,"Absoultely fantastic game, Utterly flawless, with engaging story and interesting chracters. Definetely a must own. 11/10."
76561197994544461,Recommended,250320,13461477,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,JT™,Do you like wolves that smoke and rip peoples heads off?How about troll ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s being de-capitated whilst in disguise as Snow White?What's not to enjoy?10/10
76561198025579453,Recommended,250320,12036044,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,survivaljunky89,"The Wolf Among Us was masterfully shaped into an amazing story driven experience.  Playing Bigby Wolf, you find yourself in the shoes of a gritty fable who is trying his hardest to do his job as sheriff, despite everyone openly hating his guts. Being a good guy when everyone hates you or fears you for your past makes it difficult for Shriff Bigby to execute his investigation into a murder case that unfolds in a complex direction with every decision made. All in all this was by far my absolute favorite game from Telltale and in my opinion their best. Zombies are cool and all, but this is a fresh breathe in an otherwise zombie unindated market."
76561197996880052,Recommended,250320,13585855,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Darth,"After I've played two other Telltale Games series, The Walking Dead and Game of Thrones, I have to admit that The Wolf Among Us is even better than them. Since I really liked the individual atmosphere of both it was kind of hard to top but TWAU has enthralled me from its first minute to its last.And hey, there are animals getting killed in this game and PETA hasn't started a petition to ban it yet. 11/10"
,Recommended,250320,10799061,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zjd Nekro,"This is one of the few games in a long time that actually pulled me in. Here story is fundamental, and that story is interesting and sad.Waiting for the last episode is such sweet sorrow."
,Recommended,250320,11178389,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,andronplays,Absolutely some of the best money I have ever spent on a video game.
,Recommended,250320,11158381,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Slash3040,Fantastic story and good replay value to boot. This is more of an interactive story than a game and it requires quick decision making skills.
76561198016717222,Recommended,250320,11223740,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,spooky,"8.5/10Great writing, visuals, characters.  Faithful to the comic series.  Docking a point and a half only for its incredible ease.  You won't wrack your brain trying to solve intricate puzzles, but every choice has both small and large consequences that are either immediate or they return at the end.Definitely a great narrative that kept me glued until the end."
,Recommended,250320,11151625,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Bartows,"A fantastic story, in a game that mix Heavy Rain with the Changelling RPG. It feels like a interactive novel, in witch most of your actions as a player are just choosing what to say, make decisions, follow one lead or the other. The combat also feels incredible, since it's highly cinematic, and plays with your sense of control over the game.The story is about Fabletown, a obscure neighbor in New York where characters from fable storys live now, after leaving the Homelands. But nothing is easy in the mundane world, so in the game most of the ""happy ever after"" never happened. Princes and princess got separeted, innocent girls from ancient tales hook for a living, and the Big Bad Wolf is the sheriff of the town.Now that all of the 5 chapters are out, it's really worthy buyng it, as there is no more waiting time for the next part to be produced. The final chapter is a special thing. All your actions, decisions, everything you said will have consequences when it comes down to the end.This is cinema, in a game language."
76561197961393668,Recommended,250320,11103433,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Andeddu,"I have to say I'm terribly pleased that Telltale Games have finally decided to compose an adventure set in this delightful universe, it must also be added that I greatly approve of the direction the company is heading. TWAU is a wonderful story that's both strangely comic and poignant; it's imbued with a sort of breezy, heart filled spirit which begins in episode one and endures throughout all the subsequent episodes. I also like that there are many ancillary characters who are unapologetic about their lack of conscience, and who don't seem to suffer in consequence. The inclusion of adult subtexts such as adultery and prostitution is a pleasant surprise to those who are unfamiliar with the comics. I've personally enjoyed the game and sincerely hope that Telltale Games continue with the franchise.9/10"
,Recommended,250320,13887863,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kermit Vandervort,"Good:A superb 1980s atmosphere. Not every character is likable but all are interesting. The story is well told and your choices have consequences. A bit violent at times, although much of it depends on how you choose to act in various situations. The voice acting is top-notch.Bad:Some minor graphical glitches here and there.Verdict:Yes! Experience it for yourself! Easily the best point and click adventure I've played in the last 10 years."
76561198006570137,Recommended,250320,8186838,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Yarrick,All games from Telltale are awesome... Check Walking dead the game season 1 and 2 as well.
,Recommended,250320,7619053,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Skunk,"Much like The Walking Dead, ""The Wolf Among Us"" is based on a popular comic book series that uses many of the same features and art style. I'll be honest, I never completed TWD game, but I have a far greater urge to witness the next installment of this five part series. Once again, TellTale has gone for the interactive story style of ""gameplay"" and your choices affect the outcome. You ""play"" as Bigby Wolf(Big Bad Wolf) and attempt to solve a complex murder mystery. For a good two hours expect to mash the 'E' key repeatedly, and choose your words quickly yet carefully. If you enjoyed the ""Fable"" comics or looking for something similar to TWD, pick this up for $25. Though we all know how Steam is. You can always wait for a deal, or until all the episodes are released."
76561197977398713,Recommended,250320,11343064,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Drum Wizard,This game is awesome. The story soaks you in and the music is fantastic. Pick it up next time it's on sale.
76561197990713030,Recommended,250320,8223788,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rainy,"If you are into Telltale's 'The Walking Dead' adaption, definitely pick this up. It's the same game, with magic and more opportunities to punch people."
76561198002162017,Recommended,250320,16721846,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MaroK,"This game is hard to recommend in general for everyone because it isnt for the masses.The game is recommended for you only if :- you like cartoon stylish games, comic books- you like games which are trying to be Fairy Tales for grown ups- you like brutal games with a lot of violence and cursing- you like stories about serial killers- you like to play as a detective, solving murders, looking for clues everywhere etc.- you like quicktime events and too much dialogues- you like point & click adventures ( not my case I played it with a controller  )- you like short games with absolutely no replayability.I bought this game for only 5 $ and it came with all the episodes. I cant say I didnt enjoyed the 1st episode which was completed in 2 hours, but I see no reason to play this game ever again, I mean the 1st episode. Its like reading a thriller book, once you know who is the murderer there is no reason to reread it because there is no more element of surprise.The art is very good, the story is well told and well written. The voice acting is amazing and the music in the background pretty much catch the atmosphere of this game. Do I recommend this game ? If you fall in the category of people who I mentioned in the beginning then definitely. It is a very good one time ride for cheap amount of $.If you dont especially apply for every criteria and you still want to give it a shot, wait for a sale and get it then.7.5/10."
,Recommended,250320,9774149,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,WereCoffeeDog!,Very good video games I would highly recommend this video gamesMy goty the setting is just too good and Bigby is fantastic
,Recommended,250320,17103503,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Hope,"Although I'm not a huge fan of point & click games, this game is amazing.It's fun to play, has a nice humor touch to it, and it keeps you in the dark most of the game when you try to go on with your investigation - which could be frustrating at times but it is so well done that you just get the feeling of wanting to keep on playing to see what happens next.I couldn't stop playing it after finishing the first season and ended up playing the whole game (all 5 seasons) in one run (which took a couple of hours).The only thing that I find bad in this game is that it's very short, and that there are some scenarios which it doesnt really matter what option you choose - the result will stay the same.I'd give a final rating for this game but ""these lips are sealed"". :)"
,Recommended,250320,7462668,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Doc Monday,"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, i get to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and people are too scared to punch me for it, because if they do i'll ♥♥♥♥ing go big bad wolf on their asses, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing wet dream. Oh and there is some story telling, and gameplay, a soundtrack, some graphics, blah blah blah, i get to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chain smoking sherif who happens to be the big bad wolf, ♥♥♥♥ all the haters."
,Recommended,250320,11295017,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,nicke,"0/10 wolf simulator, no actual wolves involved"
76561198067864142,Recommended,250320,14981952,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,coal,Exactly what I expected it to be. Amazing. Have fun playing another one of Tell Tale's mind-blowing awesome games. (Story is also purely amazing)10/10
76561198006426113,Recommended,250320,10692078,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cheesybstrd,"While only being about halfway through the second episode, The Wolf Among Us is going to keep me from sleeping and most likely work. If you were a fan of the Walking Dead from Tell Tale, this is a must buy. Following the same format. Decision based story gameplay, sometimes having trouble making the ""right"" decision.This game was 100% the sale price, So get on it quickly!"
76561198078739972,Recommended,250320,11207246,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Altiarian,"The Wolf Among Us is dark.  It's gruesome.  It's a world full of choice and, most importantly, it feels real.  I found myself absorbed into the events that pertained around ""Fable Town"" and while the massive cast of fairy tale creatures ranged from everything to talking frogs and demonic beasts I never felt like any one of them was out of place.  Every character felt well rounded and like it belonged into this universe.  I felt compassion for some, hated others.  I sensed their desperation and was empathetic with their situations.  The amount of choice you'll get from playing the Wolf Among Us is absolutely staggering, straight down to the series multiple endings.  Being able to play as ""Bigby Wolf"" and deciding what kind of person (or monster) you'll become added an extra layer of depth to an already impressive plot - I truly felt like I was making a difference in FableTown and that every decision would effect others.  TellTale did an amazing job at defining each and every character and gave you the power to define who you were.  Did you want a character to die because you wanted justice?  Or do you show compassion and forgive and forget?  The weight of these decisions, both small and large, carry themselves all the way to Episode 5, the final installment of the series.  It's hard to get into detail without spoiling the plot, but know that you'll be making choice after choice - even more so than The Walking Dead - and it'll be up to you to live with those consequences.  I highly reccommend this game for those looking for a deep, mystery centered story.+ Well Crafted Plot+ Power of choice+ Musical Score compliments tone+ Voice Acting is well done+ Scenematics and quick time events will keep you on the edge of your seat- A couple characters fall flat near the end in comparison to the rest"
,Recommended,250320,18387314,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,VonCurry,Fun story. Hope to see a sequel. Better than the other Teletale games.
,Recommended,250320,19422561,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Grümpy,"If fairytales were like this in the real books, then I think we'd of all had a much more exciting childhood..."
,Recommended,250320,19051112,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Papa Leon,Better than Clementine & her ♥♥♥♥♥es
,Recommended,250320,18964395,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,HIRAM,T*TS !!!11/10
,Recommended,250320,19256239,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Princess Pancakes,"This game is charming, clever, dark, and unexpected. I can't wait for a second one!! I thoroughly enjoyed playing as Bigby, struggling to protect Fabletown even though everyone knows you as The Big Bad Wolf who does everything wrong. Fantastic soundtrack, voice acting, artstyle, and atmosphere. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,19319778,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,big gay al,gimme more sexy mr wolf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198077293430,Recommended,250320,20335174,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Akashi Seijuro,"Telltale Games as usual 11/10, tear his arm off, rip his head off 10/10 gonna do that again !!!"
,Recommended,250320,19557222,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Tader-Tot,You turn into a ♥♥♥♥ing wolf10/10
,Recommended,250320,19932297,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tsupy👻,"Pros:+ Great story+ Vivid characters+ Excellent voice acting+ TellTale styleCons:- The major storyline cant be changed, just one ending, you can only change how to get it- The achievements is just mechanical repetition, request replaying. It would be nice if there's something to collect9.0/10"
,Recommended,250320,11217772,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Dohtoor,Go and buy it.
,Recommended,250320,20279288,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,mecarol,10 hours well spent. Came out of it with an attraction to a cartoon wolf-man.No complaints whatsoever.
76561197987069047,Recommended,250320,22231605,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,shadowhhold,"You'll laugh, You'll cry, You'll occasionally brutally tear limbs off your favorite childhood story's characters."
,Recommended,250320,20202444,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Morbo,"True to form, this is yet another strong title (and a fresh IP!) for Telltale Games and I am interested to see where they will head in a follow-up season. I've played through Season 1 and 2 of The Walking Dead as well as the first season of Tales From the Borderlands, and this title is just as strong. Borderlands felt more of a rollercoaster on rails than TWD, and this is closer to TWD in terms of touch decisions needed to be made, decisions which will have consequences."
,Recommended,250320,20192285,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,madboymatty,This game is one of the best games i have played so far...10/10for starters playing as the Big Bad Wolf as a sheriff is great.Every Character has there own story and has there secretes and miss guidance.Most of the game is completely up to you and you play the character how you want to.The story is great and telltale have done another good job.And finally the fact of each option and each character you choose leads you down a deep path of which no return (unless you play the game again) can make you think more about what you do which perosnally gives me the thrill and makes this game greatRecommened to anyone!!!
76561198054686332,Recommended,250320,20148148,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,David,"The Wolf Among Us is an adult detective story based on the Vertigo comic books 'Fables'. The story is well written, as well as the characters, art style, and music. So far I have enjoyed this series the most out of the Telltale games that I have played.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,20128668,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Stray Cat,"I absolutly loved this game, an amazing story and tense atmosphere. I recomend this to anyone who likes a good story."
76561198005647647,Recommended,250320,7375820,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,M0rbid *VLW*,Отличная игра! Побольше бы таких!
,Recommended,250320,20440410,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,PaZ,"Amazing, i replayed a lot of the parts because I would regret my desicion. I want to play it over again and just be the biggest scumbag Bigby can be."
76561198002986817,Recommended,250320,20056022,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"This game had some good points and some bad points. Its a good game overall although  I would never pay more then 6.99  on sale. The story is good with good characters but thats about it. It has a great story but ultimately its not as good as the walking dead. Obviously its the same stick as walking dead gameplay wise except its less. There are less fights/deaths, less exploring around, and less talking. Yes theres the mystery but it ultimately doesn't turn out to be a mystery at all. The entire game is very linear and streamlined. Yes, there are choices but their arbitrary and don't effect the game as a whole. Plus just  like all of their games, their way too short. Still, the story is really good but thats what you can expect from a DC comic. It deserves a sequel and I hope they make it. Regardless, its a good game and I'm glad I played it. I'll now wait for their next game to hit 6.99."
,Recommended,250320,18425060,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Brandulfr,Damnit Telltale... Why do you keep making amazing games that keep taking me on wild emotional rides? This isn't cool... *sigh* ... but I'll allow you to keep doing it... Gods... this was an amazing story. I guess it's time to buy the comics.
,Recommended,250320,11155564,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Marshy,"Telltale has done it again. Wolf Among Us is a brilliant story-driven fairytale noire adventure game masterpiece. You play as Bigby Wolf, sole defender of a town of exiled characters from fairy tales, folklore, and other literature. It's clear from the beginning that Bigby cares about the job and the people he protects. However, the laws of Fabletown aren't making him any friends, since any Fable who can't afford a very expensive Glamour to hide their unnatural appearance is sent to The Farm - the equivalent of a life sentence in prison. When a murder investigation goes sideways, Bigby has to pick up the pieces of a town brought to its knees by corruption, inequality, and despair. His hot temper has earned him a reputation for ruthlessness. Maybe some folks just can't let go of the stories they left behind in the story books. Or maybe they all still have good reason to fear the Big Bad Wolf.If you like making game-changing decisions at a moment's notice, and don't mind sacrificing traditional adventure game puzzles for a story that grabs you by the hand and runs, then you will love this game. Also, if you enjoy a second playthrough once you know the story, the many choices available to you make it worthwhile."
,Recommended,250320,13498145,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,VanderZA,"Love that the morality system is not black and white, but rather different shades of grey. Fantatic story, highly recommended."
,Recommended,250320,10172581,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Lucky,"One of the best games ever(in this style, of course). Fairy tales, bloody, mystery, violence, amazing characters, awesome history... If you do have some time or money to spend (or at least like this kind of games), i highly recommend to try it."
,Recommended,250320,13050694,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,PandArchon,"I haven't finished all the episodes yet, but this game is intense and will grip you right away. It's a great world brought to life in a great looking way."
,Recommended,250320,20130529,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lazarus,Again a masterpiece by Telltale. Fell in love with it in the first 10 minutes.
,Recommended,250320,20125753,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Devious Toast,"Not for the feint of heart.  The writing is amazing, and the story is tough enough to break some bones.  Rarely are there any decisions where the ""right thing to do"" is clear and obvious.  Initially you won't think much of the decisions you make, but after you see how some of them affect events later in the game, you realize how impactful they can be.  And you realize how that thoughtless decision earlier in the game just screwed over an innocent character.  Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥  Learn to live with it and think it through next time.  10/10.  A masterpiece."
,Recommended,250320,20107089,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ɖօռ 🅳ɛֆքɛʀǟɖօ🐱,Dont f with Bigby/10Would play again.
76561198081741172,Recommended,250320,8028528,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Willy_sup_ylliW,cool game but ♥♥♥♥ing boring to wait untill a new episode comes out. good game mechanics and the art is splendid. its worht the coin
,Recommended,250320,9784728,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Valjala,"Im a massive fan of the walking dead game (not the show however) when i learned about this game i was suspicious because the concept sounded dumb (similair to once upon a time [i hate that show])NEVER HAVE A BEEN SO WRONGThis game is 100/100 for me and dare i say its even better than TWD gameAll the people saying this game is bad are just impatient scrubs who dont realize that master-strokes such as this need to release slowly, not only because it keeps the game on peoples mind but it also makes the already amazing game seem even better"
,Recommended,250320,20097056,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PadPalon,"Honestly, I have never been a fan of adventure games, neither old-school classics nor modern ""TellTale""-style games. But I finally forced myself to play this and I'll have to say: This was some of the most fun I had with a game in a long time!The story is dark, but not all-out torture porn.The characters are memorable, relatable, hateable or anything in between.The graphics and design are gorgeous.I have only played through this game once, so I can't really say anything about replayability or the consequences of your choices. But while playing, you definitely FEEL like your actions affect the story dramatically.There are QTEs in this game, but they do not really bother me all that much. They are fairly easy and ♥♥♥♥-ups do not lead to instant failure and restart.I'd highly recommend this game to anyone, even people like me who do not really like other adventure games"
76561198014815409,Recommended,250320,11161837,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,zamarren,"Don't let the fairy tale angle fool you, this is definitely not a game for kids. Prostitution, strippers, government corruption, sexual perversion, addiction, black market smuggling, murder and oh yeah, monster transformations. Some pretty nice ones too. You've gotta pay attention while you play it too, since many of the dialogues and all of the fights have timed elements. It's sort of a quick time event fight system, but it does require some skill. It's a lot like the Walking Dead games (the good ones). You'll see. You should buy it. It has surprisingly high replay value."
,Recommended,250320,27827164,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Minizigzag(DK),Best Telltale Game ever made! :)
,Recommended,250320,28934506,Posted: 2 January,all,FadetheBack,Epic!
76561198113812304,Recommended,250320,29020710,Posted: 4 January,all,Megalomaniac,One of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,250320,27066863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spookus Hall,"A very nice and interesting game by Telltale. Each choice actually feels intense and each action feels like there is more weight behind it. Unlike 'Walking Dead' and 'Game of Thrones' death is something you actually fear will befall the characters if you make a mistake. Other than one instance I know made some people do something they didn't mean to, overall a nicely pieced together game.10/10 Would ""glass him"" again."
76561198015170832,Recommended,250320,27617445,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Offend,Very heavy on the story and tense moments. It's not always possible to do the right thing.
76561198065539508,Recommended,250320,26608337,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,jlichtman,"Beautifull Game, If you like TellTale Games give it a shot."
,Recommended,250320,10678988,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ralffie,It's good. I like it.
76561198031027183,Recommended,250320,22805997,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,lacanseven,"Fantastic game!  It's not so much a video game as an interactive story, sort of like a cross between a choose-your-own-adventure book and a movie.Very entertaining and well done.  10/10"
,Recommended,250320,9184059,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Recep Tayyip Erdoğan,"Very good nice graphics and overall an interesting, breath taking story"
76561197978374753,Recommended,250320,27848930,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mex,"System: Win 10, i7-2600, 8 GB Mem, GTX960, XBox 360 controller -> no tech problemsAmazing detective story with odd, superb characters - nothing more to say.The story is aboutMirror, mirror say it loud what is this story about? My lips are sealed. Just go and play it, you will see.BTW: I did not know anything about the ""Fables"" comic world before playing this, but thats no problem."
76561198079974389,Recommended,250320,29672313,Posted: 3 February,all,Tercel kethea.gr bets.gg,Really good game! Really good plot! The connection between the real world and the fables is amazing! waiting for the Wolf Among Us 2
76561198028577649,Recommended,250320,22227584,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Boblackson34,Buy it
,Recommended,250320,29614543,Posted: 31 January,all,shao,X [Hit him again]
76561198013023127,Recommended,250320,28028964,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Action of the Jackson Variety,"Another excellent game by Telltale. Compelling characters, excellent art, and a fairly good story. Definitely worth a play."
76561198102774575,Recommended,250320,27531043,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snow,"This game is one of my favorite games from Taletell. That said, I would have liked having more variety in choices and actual effect on the outcome of the game. However, the storyline does make up for that flaw. The characters are interesting, the qte aren't rubbish, and I had a great time deciding how I wanted others to percive Bigby (as much as I could.) Overall, if you are a fan of how Telltale games play, pick this up. If you aren't, the storyline is great, but replay value is limited. Might not be for you."
,Recommended,250320,11928869,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Crimson Binome,"A hardboiled detective story in fable and myth infested New York: that sentence alone should sell you on The Wolf Among Us. Less of a game, and more of an interactive story...and that's absolutely wonderful. TWAU is something you're going to want to play through a few times, and then sit your friends down, and tell them ""Play. This.""The protagonist is perhaps one of my favourite in recent memory, who blends a good amount of feeling both completely badass, and, at times, very vulnerable. The supporting cast is also wonderfully written, and features generally suberb voice acting. The villains also shine, featuring both a refined and wonderfully psychotic cast.The only negative aspects I can bring up is that it is quite easy (which could be countered by bringing up the ""interactive story and not a game"" aspect), and that it contains some dreaded quick time events. Though in defense of the QTEs, they are beautifully choreographed; the last fight in particular frequently took my breath away.Completely recommended. Instant purchase."
,Recommended,250320,29318429,Posted: 17 January,all,Benjamin,You're not as bad as everyone says you are.
,Recommended,250320,26491247,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,mhenryblack,"Truly fantastic game.I've always enjoyed games with a great narrative, why my typical fare is an action game...  more than once I found myself captivated by a Telltale adventure.This game felt like it had even more Choice flexibility than other Telltale Games I've played.  You could choose to be empathetic and non-violent, or live up to the legend of the big bad wolf.All The Tell-Tale combat always consist of QuickTime events, I found all the fights in this game exciting and fun.I've seen a few reviews this game that say that the writing deteriorated after the first episode, and there was apparently some delay during the release process.  Purchasing the game now is a total package, I can verify that any bugs are worked out and that the story is Great, beginning to end.As a side note there is an underlying collectivist theme in the ideology of the Fable Society.  I don't agree with it but the overall quality of the drama made it fairly easy for me to overlook.  They tacitly sold the idea that the governing body of the fable community was responsible for the financial well-being of its citizens..  other than Bluebeard it didn't seem that anyone was paying taxes.  They referred to the administrative office as the ""business"" office.If you want to make your way in the world you need to take responsibility for yourself, this is true for fairy tales just as it is for everyday people.  The wolf's job in this game with you enforce the laws, just like any other police officer.  Any Financial struggles the Fables were having, are their own challenges to overcome.  The theme was fairly pervasive...  so I just had to say something, somewhere.  Progressivism in medias should be seen for what it is.  My social agenda that won't be honest about it's end game.  If for some reason you find yourself reading this and care at all what I think, here's my take on it.The modern world, through pain and blood has Shrugged off the chains of monarchy, the church and Elite nobility.  The world wide left, is not the voice of the people, it is the soul of a new oppression.  Embrace the freedom that comes with the responsibility to care for yourself but in that you will find the opportunity to make your world what you want it to be if only you have the insight and the drive.  #gamergateOkay the game is definitely tied with Tales from the Borderlands as my favorite Telltale production.  They're Batman story seems to be coming along nicely as well.I'm very glad that they are Studios out there like Telltale Games, I think what they are working on is important to the evolution of entertainment.  We're even non-action dramatic Productions allow the viewer to interact with the story.In the past I've seen reviews complaining that tell tale stories are not truly Choose Your Own Adventure, and I suppose it may be inadequate description for many of their works, particularly when they are working with a property that has that needed end to the story.  As far as I can tell that's the case with most of the games they make.The Wolf Among Us seem to give you a little more latitude and the outcome of the story, at least in one way.  Throughout the game you're constantly presented with options about the character of the wolf you will be.  And that I think this game allows the player to leave more of a stamp on the experience than any other I've played.I'm eagerly awaiting Wolf Among Us season 2 as well as the next installment of Tales from the Borderlands.If you're like me and game have largely replaced television in Your Entertainment universe, this game is a must-have."
,Recommended,250320,28722717,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,shooocky,Music: 9/10Story: 10/10Gameplay: 8/10Characters: 9/10All game: 9/10MUST PLAY!!!
76561198101760921,Recommended,250320,27654916,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Argh,Beauftiful!
,Recommended,250320,13609350,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Miška,"I was thinking about buying this game for a long time. I was expecting good story as The Walking Dead had, but this was way over my expectations. The story was amazing, soundtrack too. At the end of every episode I wanted to know more :D If you are thinking about buying this game, go for it! You won ´t regret."
,Recommended,250320,11039935,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,southerntamata,Absolutely amazing game.
,Recommended,250320,8712412,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,VedaStiC,Great game from Telltale Game Studios. Those guys make the best story-driven games!I'M STILL WAITING FOR THAT SECOND EPISODE GUYS!WHERE THE HELL IS IT?!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_iF9ApXjKA
,Recommended,250320,19566713,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,J-Dog,เนื้อเรื่องลึกลับ สนุกมากเล่นจนจบทุกตอน การันตีได้เลยว่า อยากเล่นภาคต่อเเล้วMystery story and Incredible fun100% Guarantee want this game have sequel.Highly RecommendGame 10/10
76561198158563734,Recommended,250320,25162769,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Blood1487,"This game is truly a gem. The characters are unique and captivating. Additionally, the plot and overall atmosphere that is portrayed throughout the span of the game is fantastic.10/10 would recommend it."
,Recommended,250320,20697712,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Is Se7enFold,"Since I was a child, my dream is to see little mermaid's♥♥♥♥♥♥.Well, this game makes my dream come true..11/10 will buy this game for her♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198068032743,Recommended,250320,10717746,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Leodragon15,Another great game made by Telltale but might be a little disappointing for people thinking it would be like the Walking Dead
,Recommended,250320,24732230,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FoxClubNiner,Absolutely loved it! Ready for a sequel.
76561198004973993,Recommended,250320,17190256,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,KindaLeek,"just like ""The Walking Dead Season 1 & 2"" by Tell Tale Games, ""The Wolf Among Us"" is just as amazing in my opinion!no cons to point out, longing for season 2 to come !!!"
,Recommended,250320,7412651,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Colonel Crow,"PLAY THIS GAME!!If you enjoy story telling, choices, detective work, and fairy tales youll love thisOne of the most orignial games I've played in ages"
,Recommended,250320,25088638,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,PsYcOw,"I dont review much but here goes:I thaught this game was well done, The cartoon like graphics is just like the comic books.The gameplay is pretty relaxed most of the time but there are parts where you need to react quickly to suceed. I havent noticed any glitches except for at the end, the choices given to me were nothing to display (or the like) but i still got through (it was probably my pc causing this)As you play you uncover the story and how you choose your options will affect the game a bit.I recommend this game if you like story/adventure games and like kicking back while playing. I played TWAU on my tv in big picture mode using a controller.  Thanks for reading"
,Recommended,250320,18803489,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Beeto,very good story and art style DC comics art style
,Recommended,250320,7910553,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ParagonPaladin,"The characters are firmly established early on- I'd seen the comic in forbidden before but never really knew what it was about- and it was really cool to see if I could recognise characters. As far as the actual gameplay goes, I wasn't sure what to expect with this one. Its largely character driven cutscenes and player choice. Infact player choice is a huge part of this game! Combat is fast clicking and quicktime events, between cutscene and combat is almost point and click adventure as you look for clues in your investigation. I was impressed with flat out how much the player's choices could change things each time through! If you enjoy character driven plots, dark reiterations on fairy tale characters and immersive gameplay, you chould check out this first episode!"
,Recommended,250320,8202202,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,vavron69,"Ještě lepší než TWD, must have pro všechny fandy adventur!"
,Recommended,250320,7969969,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,FailCascade,"TellTale at its finest really, enjoyed this very much.The art works is a lovely noir neon style, writing is snappy as expected from Telltale; enjoyed this very muchly and can 100% recomend that you pick it up if you like story driven experiances. This a very fine story, with a cool setting.There are some technical glitches, the game occasionally stutters - i am not sure if this is cloud save related - this is the only downside to playing the game.Would play again."
76561198082554252,Recommended,250320,18419316,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ardelin,"What a fantastic surprise this game was! I really enjoyed the comics, but I was not prepared for how awesome this game would be. First of all it's visually beautiful. The animation and music create an atmosphere of film-noir-like detective story but with a bit of Constatine movie coloring. Absolutely stunning. The whole choose your own adventure idea where your choices build the story is great. I like that we don't have much time to pick an answer when responding to the world - makes the experience so much more exciting (although as a non-English user I sometimes struggle to read them all in time). And of course the story - gripping, touching and fun. I was lucky to stumble upon this game! This is still - in my opinion - the best of Telltale games."
76561198023894564,Recommended,250320,30310176,Posted: 4 March,all,Coach,"Excellent story.  Again, these aren't really games as much as they are interactive movies.  Was a lot of fun to play, and can be very relaxing.  Probably the best game or story telltale has done.  Would recommend."
76561198150418151,Recommended,250320,13742992,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TonedBigfoot,"I thought I should play this game and review it. This game was amazing, it really followed the Fables storyline(The Wolf Amoung Us is the preview to the comic books called Fables), I noticed a few characters who were in the game and not in the story. Bigby Wolf was so badass, he did his job and always tried to do the right thing no matter what the cost. I wish more people would read the books. The humor was dark and funny, the city was controlled by the crocked man. It really fit the detective parts of the first book. I am excited for season 2, I hope they keep following the story of Fables. I give this game a 10 out of 10 for sure."
76561197976484269,Recommended,250320,13743148,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Brianman,These guys know how to write a story.  Classic who done it with many twists that keep you guessing.
76561198055015115,Recommended,250320,16441108,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MOON MOON,"Great soundtrack, amazing caracters and story. Would buy again"
76561198090605274,Recommended,250320,16447698,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lemon,Bring out season 2 man ...
76561198155943562,Recommended,250320,31867435,Posted: 20 May,all,Ragtime❢,劇情精彩，音樂略單調。特價時期值得入手。但是沒有可以卡片掉落，英語好的話，還是別用中文補丁。翻譯不怎麼樣。還是靠自己吧。一些漢化的劇情對話選項明顯翻譯不對，導致選了以後，跟後續的對話明顯不搭。還是靠自己吧。
76561198051076735,Recommended,250320,31695846,Posted: 11 May,all,Werglia,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zm5zrqGHe4EHello people!Check out 'My Fair Review' for The Wolf Among Us.Cheers
76561198104217977,Recommended,250320,13187041,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Lil_Dreambeam,Just stop your life and play it.
,Recommended,250320,13204008,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,jambrothers,"Really really great ""game"" - I say ""game"" as it is more like an interactive story. Be prepared to button bash but also engage with a fresh setting many of you won't have encountered before and a gripping murder mystery.Everything from the aesthetics to the characterisation is done perfectly and I would say the universe is a lot more interesting then the Walking Dead games. Walking Dead 1+2 and The Wolf Among Us may well have turned me into a fanboy for telltale games.Overall score - 9.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,13337084,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,cally,I took a break from Netflix to play this game. Way better than any show I'm watching.
76561198118360708,Recommended,250320,9888069,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,comicdude319,"A great point and click adventure. Even if you didnt enjoy telltales the walking dead you will like this. It is a dark thrilling game with plenty of intense scenes and a bit of action. If you enjoyed the other telltale games, Alan Wake or L A Noire you will love this. The game starts a little slow but heats up and sucks  you in. You could pass several hours playing his game and not even relise ( I DID ) thats how good this game is."
,Recommended,250320,11578449,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,『qig』,the wolf is at your door.
,Recommended,250320,11251480,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,R[K]V,Cheesy but amazing; like a pizza.
76561198066604164,Recommended,250320,8990529,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,MdogMatt,this game makes you feel like a badass at some points and an awesome detective. YOU MUST BUY THIS GAME!
76561198006787397,Recommended,250320,8992102,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Ash,One of the best games I've played all year.
,Recommended,250320,8976631,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,e22ndst,"Unbelievable game.  I'm so excited for the coming episodes.  If you're a fan of The Walking Dead game, do yourself a favor and pick this gem up as well."
,Recommended,250320,9001893,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Gremy Cat,"You know when you get something special when it brings you back to that moment of childhood excitement. Like a Christmas morning and just being excited to get down stairs and open yours presents. The designers at Telltale game have taken a cult classic and done justice to it. I might even say give it a breath of life that a good story such as this needs. I said this once to a friend after playing this and I mean it more today with chapter 2. ""I wish I had the ability to forget me playing this game just so I could have the same excitement and and enjoyment of playing it again for the 1st time. If you take anything from this review take this... This is a grand example of a well build team really just ""showing off"" and producing in my opinion a work of art and I thank them more just for the ride."
76561197998655856,Recommended,250320,9446727,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Ape Man,"I picked up this game for cheap during a sale, and it completely blew me away! :OApparently buying the game, also gives you access to all the new episodes when they get released without having to pay more!Even at this price i'd say its good value, but if you can pick it up on sale then you're getting a damn good bargin.Episodes are fairly short, at about 2-3 hours length, but the replayability is immense, with 3-4 different approaches to problems, and 2 major branch points in each episode (so far), this game will draw you in, and keep you hooked, i give this a 5/5"
76561198056473936,Recommended,250320,7867844,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Johnumiss,"play this game if you liked the Walking Dead, very interesting story"
76561198010043098,Recommended,250320,8781215,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,fallingtears2001,this is one of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,250320,7620669,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,vonblubba 🍺,I enjoyed this even more than TWD. Small but effective gameplay improvements and visually more striking. Great atmosphere all along. Can't wait for episode 2.
,Recommended,250320,7906005,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Chunk,"Telltale is the modern day adveture title machine!  They've only released one episode, but it is already jam packed full of awesome!  Telltale set the bar pretty high with how awesome The Walking Dead was and they've exceeded my expectations and raised the bar yet again with The Wolf Among Us."
76561197983045590,Recommended,250320,7891300,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DJ Diddles,Absolutely incredible! The story is riveting and I found myself on the edge of my seat the whole time (through the first episode so far being the only episode yet). I am anxiously awaiting the next episode!!
76561198097786136,Recommended,250320,7917545,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Nibblet,Loved it. Has the feel of The walking dead series but with fairy tales we all know and love.
,Recommended,250320,7644404,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Sean Aragon,A dark and gripping story that is worth the price of 24$ its a must own if you like a story driven game with strong and intresting character with choices that can change the outcome of the entire game.
76561198008263389,Recommended,250320,7687866,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,frostyid12,One of the best games I have found
,Recommended,250320,7371989,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Le Pomme,"I find that all player decisions tend towards White Knighting the women in this game.I am no different it seems.10/10 Game of the YearEpisode 2 update: WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥! 4 months development time for barely an hour and a half of gameplay. If the narrative wasnt so damn fantastic i'd be pretty mad right now.Episode 3: All is forgiven, fantastically written episode, rest of the season set up for an utterly thrilling conclusion. Time between episodes seems to be fixed. Bring on June!"
76561198102417883,Recommended,250320,11337321,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,XanderDanger,"Telltale graced our lives with some amazing games in the past and this is no exception. Walking Dead was an amazing story that we had the chance to live through as we suffered a multitude of consequences for our decisions. The Wolf Among Us has upped the ante and breathed new life into the comics for the gamers lucky enough to play through the world of Fables. I admit that I did love Walking Dead Season 1, but TWAU blew me away. The maturity of the creators after their journey into the world of zombies has increased exponentially and it shows. I have always had an interest in zombies and read Walking Dead before ever playing the first Telltale Games ""story"", but with Fables I've only been briefly introduced and now yearn to not only collect the graphic novels but also to cross my fingers that Telltale continues to put out such masterpieces of storytelling (including another Fables storyline) because I'm hooked.Honestly, it blows my mind how interested I am in this style of gaming/storytelling. I've loved comics since a young age, but my gaming preferences have always been geared toward RPG or FPS-style action. I grew up playing Wolfenstein and Final Fantasy so those two genres always keept me with an itchy trigger finger and a brain thirsty to digest the epic stories and adventures that took all too many hours of rest away from my youth. Yet here I sit after playing through my second Telltale game and I feel like I've found a new love in this style of gameplay. It might not be the best for action-oriented gamers, but for those of you who may enjoy a good story and don't mind occasionally sitting back and not taking much action then THIS is the game to play.Without a doubt I would recommend this game to anyone who even remotely wants to live in the comics. Anyone who has ever read through plenty of choose-your-own-adventure books, loves to be a part of a good story and deal with the consequences, or just wants a relaxing game to play through between bouts of COD or whatever the kids may play these days. Give it a shot. After all, I want to see my RPG/FPS/story-telling come to life in the Borderlands game that Telltale is supposed to hand deliver to me (at least I can dream) and this is the way to help fund them to make more beautiful games."
,Recommended,250320,13817776,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gutta,"Is it worth it?Definitely, a unique experience that you should give a try.Amazing game from start to end- filled with complicated twists and [i/] very subtle [/i]hints.The gameplay: What you would expect from a game made by TellTaleThe story: An engaging mystery-based plot - all filled with complex twists. The ending will just leave you thinking for a while, trust me, it will.The visuals: Nice cell-shaded art like every TellTale game.The music: Quite satisfying retro-sounding score.Overall: An amazing experience from start to end with a very strong story; keeping you engaged throughout your playthrough - however you may encounter some rather odd bugs."
,Recommended,250320,11205428,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Korb,this is basically a simulator beating up people who demean ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s10/10
,Recommended,250320,14313344,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Aetoss,"One of the things I appreciated right from the start of A Wolf Among Us is its unique premise.  I was genuinely hooked from the beginning.  Similar to The Walking Dead, they drop you into the middle of a layered situation which creates a lot of questions in your mind which, in part, compells you to play more to gain the answers.  They did a really good job at gradually feeding you bits of information while at the same time creating more questions, it felt like a good ratio.  Because of this, A Wolf Among Us never stopped being exciting to play.Having also played The Walking Dead it is actually somewhat difficult for me to decide which I liked more; that's high praise."
,Recommended,250320,13272784,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Moz,WTF? good but seriously ♥♥♥♥ed up!
,Recommended,250320,14785638,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Aliandris,"This is a really excellent game.The story and the gameplay are much tighter than TTG's 'The Walking Dead' series, which I struggled to complete because of the pacing.  The Wolf Among Us, however, is brisk, enthralling, and tense.  Once I started a chapter it was impossible to stop.If you like fables and want an engrossing modern take on it, this game is a must have."
,Recommended,250320,11140623,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,BEES?,PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME IT'S GREAT
,Recommended,250320,8836540,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Admiral446,"A Great Tale, I Feel Like I Really Have An Influence In The Story. Love It!"
,Recommended,250320,11434830,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Cloud Kicker,"I am sure at this point you are really suspicious from any and all ""player choices"" in story-driven games, especially with things from Bioware ( SWtOR, Mass Effect ) and possibly Black Noire where if you make the most hatefull comment towards this 1 goon you do not like in the end the game will still ""force"" you to behave like best buds because the game needs to continue in some fashion, right ?Now I will not say that this game does not share any of those caracteristics, but it seems to have its stuff sorted out way better than any games I have played thusfar. I do not expect for Mr Toad to ever get his Glamour on depending on your choices or anything, but things like that do however ""feel"" right since Mr Toad is one of those guys you will just love to hate for his scumbag behaviour. Ofcourse you are playing as Bigby, the big bad wolf, so creating a story that really feels more interactive is probably way easier than lets say, for a blank slate. And I say they really pulled it off well.In short, ever fancied reading an interactive book while lounging back in your chair with your hands on the WADS keys and your mouse ? Pick this thing up. I played though the game once and used a guide to collect the missing ""collectables"" and I got 16 hours out of it. Now I know I picked it up at a Steam Sale ( Summer 2014 ) but if I knew I would have gotten this much fun out of it I would just have paid the (*checks current price*) 22.99 Euro's for it.Then again if you are not sure if you would like the game that amount of pricing might scare you off. I know I was scared off by it, especially since I never heard of Fable. Same thing with The Walking Dead, and do I really want to go Back to the Future ? If they are even remotely similar by looks and voice and general aestetics I can vouch for them, but since I am not sure if I want to play their other titles I'd really like to at least taste the atmosphere of those games, perhaps a demo of 1-2 chapters ( 1/6th or 2/6th of an episode ) with all but the ""remain silent"" and the least picked option availible ? Cus I'd like to try it, but I am not going to pay 22.99 Euro's just to get my feet wet and decide that the pool has too much clorine in it for my taste"
,Recommended,250320,13796780,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sintjago,"Cant wait for season 2. The game ends with more questions than answers and a lot of posibilities. Its a murder mystery that you wont figure out right away. The graphics are 10/10. It has a pretty cool art style. I liked the Telltale Walking Dead series a lot of well but I was less familiar with Fables, so it was a brand new story and universe. I didn't know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised. Walking Dead was also an original take on a series but it wasn't a whole new universe. The story is dark and has a lot of memorable characters. Good writing and voiceover."
,Recommended,250320,18431637,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,アンドリュー・ライア,"The story was just so good that it didn't even feel like a game.Wish there'll be a sequel or season 2 to this title.Sale or no sale, you should definitely get this game.But seriously, get this game while it's still on sale!"
76561198005511672,Recommended,250320,11076656,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Marshmallowmancer,"Telltale has managed to catch lightning in a bottle with their episodic adventure game series and like Walking Dead before it, Wolf Among Us is an intensely engaging rollercoaster of an experience. While in Walking Dead you are often quite aware of the effects of your actions (even if the morally objectable actions have very good justifications to keeping you and the other survivors alive), in Wolf Among Us, you must weigh reputation against efficiency, protecting the few or the many, maintaining the status quo or ultimately tearing down a flawed but well-established system...and hurting all the people that entails. Your decisions are much more morally gray, much more difficult to predict the outcomes of. In this way, it can oftentimes be a much more intense experience than Walking Dead (which in itself was incredibly intense). There is no decision to be made about which one is better, of course. They are both amazing in very different ways. But if you enjoy the comic Fables, you will enjoy this. If you enjoy ""hidden world"" narratives of mythical creatures living among us, you will enjoy this. If you enjoy compelling narratives surrounding intensely enjoyable and fleshed-out characters, you will enjoy this. If you enjoy Telltale's way of telling a story through these sorts of games, you will enjoy this. If you enjoy turning into a giant f***ing wolf and ripping out some dude's juggular after he hassled you for three episodes...Well, you get the picture. There is a good chance that if you breathe and have functioning eyes, you will enjoy this."
76561198055638580,Recommended,250320,9821163,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Jumpman xD,
76561198041845432,Recommended,250320,15709172,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Moskas,"Play as one of the most badass characters I know, Bigby Wolf. For me, better than The Walking Dead series."
,Recommended,250320,8177506,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Harpotos,"Lately I have been very impressed with Telltales works.The first season of their 'The Walking Dead' series successfully made me care for the characters and story, in such a way that I don't think that anything felt particularly forced. Of cause it has it's own share of convenience, as often seen in TV series following the same sort of formula. The way they force players to quickly take decisions, both in dialog and action sequences keeps the flow going though, even in the very few areas of 'filler'.Moving on to 'The Wolf Among us'!I were not aware of the graphic novel before I saw this game on the Steam store page, but I got hooked right from the start.The graphic style, which worked very well in 'The Walking Dead', has been improved here with a deep ink-y feel. It's like a graphic novel in motion and the overall aesthetics do a very good job at setting the tone and the colors are very pleasing too.The gameplay is very simplistic, it is basically a modernized point and click adventure. I don't count that as a negative though. It isn't the same kind of, combine chewing gum with bottle cap, then interact with door to produce advancement in plot, point and click deal, but a more modernized version, focusing on plot and the pacing of gameplay (please, Monkey Island, I mean no offence, you are still very dear in my heart). You will go through slower parts were you investigate crime scenes and engage in chase & fight scenes alike. It all seems very well paced.I really don't know what more to say right now without spoiling it for you.TotalBiscuit has a very good video about this game, and I share a lot of his opinions.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eih6axQHUGAAlso, to bring even more life to the visuals, you can try out SweetFX (works great for 'The Walking Dead' too):[Wolf Among Us]http://gsngaming.com/topic/11768-the-wolf-among-us-sweetfx-v15/[The Walking Dead S1]http://gsngaming.com/topic/10433-the-walking-dead-sweetfx-next/[The Walking Dead S2]http://gsngaming.com/topic/12055-the-walking-dead-season-2-sweetfx/#entry74786"
76561198209588759,Recommended,250320,19371682,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,simeon singh,JUST BUY THE GAME END OFF 10/10
76561198048695357,Recommended,250320,15133099,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Butucu,"Cel mai bun joc de la Telltale Games dupa parerea mea. Sper sa apara si un sezon nou. Soundtrack-ul excelent, atmosfera intensa, poveste foarte buna, stilul Vertigo. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,13869770,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Kobooold,"I enjoyed this game more than I did the Walking Dead. I sat down to play it for an hour, and ended up playing the whole thing through. It hooked me in with perfect plot points, excellent pacing, and good moral dilemnas. I HIGHLY recommend playing it. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,10680420,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Melody`,HOT SHIRTLESS ACTION
,Recommended,250320,10966275,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Von Romanov,"Love this game. Few games stay with me days after I finish playing, and this is one of them. The storytelling is interesting and compelling, it makes you care about the characters, and the timed decision-making forces you to choose from your first instincts."
76561198034408303,Recommended,250320,11926586,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Mortimus Maximus,If your looking for an incredible story driven action game this will blow your mind. After watching Sips of the yogscast on youtube play this game through the first episode I was hooked and although you wouldnt think it but I played it through the first episode and watching the game first made no impact. You make decisions as you would in real life and it feels amazing to play. The story is gripping and enthralling and the game will make you play for hours on end until your too tired to play if your looking for time to kill and youve no idea what this is I recommend you pick it up.
,Recommended,250320,14761010,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Nab Gabbler,"Great game! Telltale has done it again.However it does give you the need to take out a loan and buy all the comics which are set after the events. So now i live in a pile of comic books because i sacrificed my house to afford them all.But yeah if you like fantasy as well as decision-making, go for it."
76561198066033849,Recommended,250320,11433072,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,pihawk,"My first encounter with a Telltale game, and I was not disappointed. Brilliantly written characters (credit also goes to the comic author), faceroll drama elements and heavy choices. The save system allows you to reload the game from certain checkpoints if you are not satisfied with your decisions, instead of just making a whole new save for just one moment to change. I also recommend to read the comics (but only after you played the game, contains some heavy spoilers if you are observan enough)."
,Recommended,250320,11185483,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Aidan,yes
,Recommended,250320,11206516,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,The Legend 37,"After the Huge sucess of The Walking Dead game Season 1. I was instantly in love with Tell-Tale games. But I was suprised by this game I'd always heard it was good but I'd never got the opprtunity to play it, when the steam summer sale came around and saw the game on sale I knew I would want to buy it. In my opinion this is one of the best games of year and possibly the Best Tell-Tale game yet. I find it werid to have a season 2 so I will probally have to buy one of the Graphic-Novels but I don't know if it will be like the walking dead gaming having no tie in's with the popular AMC show. I enjoyed playing The Wolf Among Us and plan to play it again doing certain things differently then I did my first play through."
76561198024288191,Recommended,250320,11138436,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jarmen Kell,There is a smoking pig in the game. 5/5 would pay/play again.
,Recommended,250320,11144367,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,出る NEWMAN VAPES,10/10 makes me really want to read the comics
76561198084682700,Recommended,250320,11147536,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,J_dub2rock,This game is one of the BEST games i have ever played and i would very highly reccomend this games to anyone who likes the fantacy kind of style games.
,Recommended,250320,14231412,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,chanda☆,"Really good, Hope theres a season 2"
76561198040860383,Recommended,250320,11292674,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Wla,"Just played The Wolf Among Us to the end, and WOW what a game.Bigby should have been a little bit more powerful though. Because in the comics he is the strongest among the Fables in Fabletown. But all in all it was a great experience to play this game. The last big fight was awesome!!!So much detail from the comics, like the original picture of the farm and many more things, especially in the business office. The characters of the comics were implemented very well. Best game of the year by now!!!9/10"
,Recommended,250320,10579954,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Good Boy Points,Bigsby amazeballs.
76561197965369692,Recommended,250320,11715242,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,The Great Garrus,This is a great RPG game that really requires you letting it pull you in to the story to get the most out of it. You can play it and not get immersed but you will not enjoy it as much. My 6 year old played with me and absolutely loves it. The musical score is great and story too.
,Recommended,250320,11443477,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,inverse404,"Definitely by far TellTale's best effort until now.This is an outstanding dark gritty crime noir adventure game.Exceptional character acting, superb storytelling and perfectly choreographed action sequences.Artwork and soundtrack are outstanding as well.As a standard of TellTale's latest games, there are lots tough choices to make.But don't be fooled by the twist with the whole cast of fable characters,this game is a hard and intense violent thriller definitely not suited for minors."
76561198117060221,Recommended,250320,11192020,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,The Last Chairbender,"It starts off really well, and gets really good at the end. Tenoutaten!"
,Recommended,250320,11162152,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,TheNovelNoob,"The Wolf Among Us is a game for those of us who want to immerse ourselves in an interactive story. Every choice you make has meaning and makes the story that much more impactful and yours to own up to; right or wrong. I enjoyed every minute of The Wolf Among Us and am still thinking about the story, my choices, and all of the characters a full day after I finished the final episode."
,Recommended,250320,28751600,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,fuck this world,"I don't usually write reviews, but this game just got me. I'm a little ashamed I didn't bought this game 3 years ago and at full price. I dont want to talk about the story, because you can read that up in proper english.I'm a big fan of the Telltate Walking Dead series, so I tried this one out and I have to admit, I felt even more dead inside *Walking Dead Spoiler*after Lees Death.I got really fast into the story and the feeling of our main protagonist Mr. Wolf. The game is about 8 hours and I never got bored, thanks to many dialogues and little events. What I liked the most that just everything could happen. The story is not very predictable and because you are in the world of Fables all things are not foreseeable.I can recommend The Wolf Among Us to everybody, who likes to decide on his own and doesn't fear big choices."
76561198089791459,Recommended,250320,29362358,Posted: 19 January,all,ziremonger,"get it on sale if you like previous telltale games, get it fullprice if you liked previous telltale games and are not poor like me"
76561198312464121,Recommended,250320,26134810,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DemonSlayerTX,The Wolf Among UsBloody brilliant!
76561197992100391,Recommended,250320,26866199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nooneelse,"This game was cool, even before it got %96 positive reviews and awards."
,Recommended,250320,26666377,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Rooble,A wonderfully crafted dark and atmospheric story-based game. Certainly worth more than a look.
,Recommended,250320,26928140,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Psychotron7X2,Love it. One of my favourite games.
76561198064174766,Recommended,250320,26736525,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hetfield,"One of the most outstanding story - dialog based game i have ever played.Pros- Amazing Story- Amazing Characters- Super-Duper Voice Acting- Plenty of adrenalin rushing - ♥♥♥♥ hits the fan - Big Bad Wolf moments- Good Gameplay- Suprisingly good looking graphics and effects- Extremely fun dialog tree- Great humor- Plenty of replayabilityCons- Awkward controls- The occasional bugsA Summary of The GameYou play as Bigby Wolf aka The Big Bad Wolf. Living up to his name, he is a wolf who used to do all sorts of violent stuff in the past to people. But now, he lives in FableTown in his human form, acting as a sheriff, dispensing justice to those who deserve it and protecting the innocent. Along with him, there a plent of Fables such as Snow White, The Beaty and The Beast, Bloody Mary, The Magic Mirror, The Woodsman and many more. Trying to escape their past, they all live in FableTown along with humans, also know as Mundys. Since they all have their differences in countless genres, they tend to disaggree on many things. And when they do, stuff gets physical, as you could guess. That's where Bigby comes in, being the most powerful and brutal Fable, he protects them from one another. But, being The Big Bad Wolf, he sometimes doesn't stop there. If you♥♥♥♥♥♥him off too much, he becomes a 20 foot long wolf and pretty much, no fable can stop him at that point. aAs said before, this game is a gem, to most people atleast. If you don't like talking to characters for hours, investigating, not seeing a lot of action, this is propably not the game for you. But, if you value story, characters and atmosphere more than gameplay and visuals, you'll easily get addicted to this game up to point where you'll finish the whole thing in one sitting, i know i have. Some moments in this game gave me ridicilous adreneline rushes and goosebumps."
76561198311122351,Recommended,250320,26127372,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,cthulhuhoopster,"I'm recommending The Wolf Among Us, but with a caveat: this is not a game.  It's a minimally interactive TV miniseries.  If you don't expect anymore than that you will be happy with this purchase.  The Wolf Among Us is a well-crafted murder mystery staffed by a colorful collection of characters we're all familiar with, yet perverted in intriguing ways.  It's fine story-telling in pleasant, easy-to-consume lumps of gorgeous scenery, and I'm sure you'll enjoy it if you're not looking for any sort of challenge in your game."
76561198150152819,Recommended,250320,29615430,Posted: 31 January,all,jeffreyflood87,"Just finished second playthrough, not something I normally do. Get it."
76561197983520737,Recommended,250320,29319453,Posted: 17 January,all,Shadow,You're not as bad as everyone says you are.
,Recommended,250320,29402813,Posted: 21 January,all,sllytng,(ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧
76561198019869431,Recommended,250320,28960562,Posted: 2 January,all,[AON]ChaosDP,"cool game, but a cliffhanger ending"
76561198351814667,Recommended,250320,29505561,Posted: 26 January,all,JediGamer14,"I played this game on one sitting enjoyed it so much, i love the story tbh i am in love with collin yes i know he's a pig but it's collin he's number 1, another good thing about this game is that you can go full savage it's just amazing. i recommend this game if you like games if you like telltle if you like the comics if you like disney this is an amazing game"
,Recommended,250320,25374481,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Little Pench Boy,"Very well written, keeps you interested throughout. I loved this game's story and sense of mystery. If you like games with strong stories, you'll like this."
76561198079346354,Recommended,250320,28736523,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,prgrmman,"Great game. Really engaging story, and a spin on classic fairy tales."
,Recommended,250320,29106738,Posted: 7 January,all,Zarozax,"Finally got around to playing this game, and I have little but good things to say about it.Probably one of the best video game narratives I have ever experienced. All the way to the end, the story was captivating, thrilling, and somewhat frightening. As in typical Telltale fashion, the game presents the player with an assortment of devilishly difficult decisions to make (though they may not affect the story in huge ways).Though the branches were not very different, the game would occasionally experience a graphical glitch or two, and some plot points seemed a bit nonsensical, the game still is incredibly enjoyable. The characters are fun and interesting, the quick-time sequences were heart-pounding, and the overall story arc kept me thinking after I'd stopped playing for the day.Needs a sequel though."
,Recommended,250320,23681093,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,GBChristmas,"You play as Werewolf! Who try to solve a problem that appear on the mystic part of town in New York City.. which is Fable Town.Based from Vertigo Comics(?) that based on.. well.. fable story like ""Snow White"", ""Beauty and The Beast"", ""Little Red Riding Hood"", ""The Three Little Pigs"" and so on, so expect to see something like a talking animal and witch craft in this game.Have an interesting and great story, pretty cool QTE action, and interesting character too.And that's pretty much it, this game is for people who just want to enjoy a story.. this one have that, but still I don't think everyone will like it as much as I doNot a heavy on the graphic kind of games (please also read the system requirement beforehand in the store page), pretty simple mechanic, lacking in scenery though so don't expect sight seeing that much in this game, and it's quite easy to get every achievement on this game.And that conclude my review of this game.I recommend buying the full game with all the episodes, and even better while this game is on sale... like I said it's a great game but I feel this game is underrated"
,Recommended,250320,26541126,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The Iron Wolf,"My favourite Telltale games to date, only rivaled by the walking dead. I'm not going to go into describing the narrative, as It is a very story driven game, but I really engaged with the characters and felt they had complexity without straight forward motives. I actually felt myself caring and getting attached to the characters, and I know that sounded exceedingly cliché but the dialog was some of the most convicting I have experienced in a game, and Telltale does a great job of, for want of better words, bringing characters to life."
,Recommended,250320,28941548,Posted: 2 January,all,minebiq,"Amikor megvettem a The Wolf Among Us-t, tudtam, hogy egy páratlan történetben lesz részem. Nem is csalódtam. Ügyesen, fordulatosan összerakott történet kidolgozott karakterek, az alap koncepció is rendkívül érdekes. De számomra a befejezés tette olyan Telltale Games féle remekművé. Egy apró mondat, ami az egész történetről alkotott képünket megváltoztatja, és keretbe foglalja azt. De ahhoz, hogy megértsük, minden apró utalásra figyelni kell a játék folyamán, és megfelelő helyre kell rakni a fejünkben, egy igazi nyomozós story, imádtam.""You're not as bad as everyone says you are."""
,Recommended,250320,11512933,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Portals,Telltale tells once again an awesome story!
76561198031522420,Recommended,250320,16514717,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Castiel Angelos,"The Walking Dead was a good experiment on Telltale's part, but The Wolf Among Us is an absolute treasure. Based upon a unique comic's storyline and filled with a seamless combination of action and storytelling, this is the first time I've played a game from this company where I felt like the choice's ACTUALLY mattered. So in essence:Pros:The storyline is fun and will keep you guessing.Your choices are never black or white. It's just your preferred shade of grey.Everything you do holds a consequence in some small way, as opposed to the original Walking Dead where your choices didn't mean squat.The combat is far more developed than preceeding games. There's even one fight in particular where you have to be FAST as responding or you're going to get hurt.It plays out like an amazing drama TV series with REAL effort put into making this as seemless as possible. The Walking Dead, while fun, was painfully clunky in its transition between dialogue scenes and walking around.Superb voice acting and great soundtracks that enhance instead of distracting.Cons:You'll get to feel the same frustration that the main character feels in regards to most of the people he interacts with. There's a GOOD reason why he's such an angry guy.There's not a sequel game yet. o(>_<)oConclusion: If you're on the fence about this game and looking for a great story, go buy it. It's worth considering at full price. It's ABSOLUTELY worth the buy during a sale.10/10 Would smoke Huff n' Puffs again."
76561198019092322,Recommended,250320,19948028,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,☠Grounded Justice☠,"**RECOMMENDED**Saw some gameplay through YouTube, thought it would be interesting. Was not disappointed.Pros:The Gameplay isnt hard at all, hit  few buttons and enjoy the show. Yet very satisfying to see the results of your choices throughout the game! Makes you think beyond what you normally would, and then some. That part was the hard part ;) Absolutely loved it.The Graphics are a classy cartoonish style that really grows on you. Took me about 5 minutes and I was immersed.The VoiceActing was very exceptional. Each character fit to a tee.The Story drew me right in, causing me to want more after each episode. The ending really makes you think W-O-W. Complete mind trip.Cons:I Want more. And because of that, I just purchased 3 more Telltale games. By the way, looking forward to the next season.Thanks for a great game."
,Recommended,250320,11148628,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Hawki_ice,This game is the crack cocane of Point and Click Adventure games
,Recommended,250320,11158888,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Mr Wolf,"The most intruiging game I have played where player choices actually matter. Predecessor of the original Fable comics (which I suggest reading), this game does justice to the fantasy world created by Bill Willingham."
76561198043163845,Recommended,250320,11295061,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Crexenic,"Sheriff Bigby, making smoking look epic since sliced bread"
76561198067582240,Recommended,250320,10212810,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Vito Corleone,Another great game from teltale (the makers of the walking dead games) the wolf among has a similair gameplay as the walking dead adventure games so for people who played them they will feel right at home but its easy enough for new players to understand and it has a fantastic story (i cant wait for the next two chapters) and it has a great clifhangar at the end of each one that will have you begging for more this would have to be 10/10
,Recommended,250320,13275401,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Rude,gud geam
,Recommended,250320,13297517,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Dopamine,only played the first episode and i'm already in love with this game.. my only regret is buying this game while on sale and not giving the much deserved game makers the full price.buy it. you won't be dissappointed.
76561198108107750,Recommended,250320,11165122,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,barwrobel,"Telltale Games does it again.+ Well written storyline and characters.+ Cool graphics+ Very good voice acting+ Most of the chapters end with a good cliffhanger+ The ending is great.If you love the gameplay of The Walking Dead you will probably want to get that one too.- Some people may not like that most of the ""action"" is just pressing Q many times but if you played The Walking Dead you are probably used to it.-/+ As opposed to many point and click games, this one has zero puzzles but paying attention to small details help you make connections and eventually make the right choices. Most of the game is choosing quickly what would be about the right thing to do or say.8/10"
76561198092374433,Recommended,250320,14427675,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sack Morris,"First Episodic/Adventure style game I've played, but the overwhelmingly positive reviews for this game speak for themselves. I was blown away. This is a really great game whether you are a fan of this genre or new to it like myself. On sale for $12.49 it's a steal. I bought it for $25 and would do it again in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,250320,11143595,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Would you make me a sandwich?,Dat Bigby doe.+Usual Telltale flair+Interesting story to keep you hooked+Very strong characters-It ends (Hoping for a Season 2!)
,Recommended,250320,11936925,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Remij,"Great game.  Telltale does it again.   While I'm not sure which game series I like more, this or The Walking Dead, I can say that if you liked one, you will definitely like the other.  The characters and setting are very interesting and fairly well realized.  I've never read the Fable comix, but after playing this series, I'm definitely tempted to give them a read.  If you haven't played this game, go and do it now, then after you finish it, go and buy The Walking Dead Season 1 and 2.  All are amazing games."
76561198117844895,Recommended,250320,11534828,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Rizer,"I actually had no awareness of the source material before I played ""The Wolf Amoung Us"". The Fable comicbook series was something I've never heard of, but I was aware of public television attempts to accomplish similar settings; A mash up of fairytales trying to coexist in and stay relevant in modern urban or cityscape setting. It's a more reoccuring fixation in the past few years, this retelling of fairy tales trend, and it's interesting to me personally in many ways. How do our fairy tales hold up to modern values? If confronted with modern day problems, how would they react? If given a different prespective are the villians still so evil and the heroes still so good?In this game, those questions are both confronted and addressed pretty well and is a good source of the story's' power over it's audience. Unlike other retellings and reimaginings, the Fable characters are both very aware of their histories as storybook characters and constantly make the audience aware of the traditional versions of their stories. Instead of the writer rewriting the characters so that they fit new sterotypes, the characters look upon the original grim versions of thier tales as a harsh sort of history that most of them are trying to move on from. It works very well.  The personal struggles with change, pain, sadness, and most notably in the main character's  case, regret add's to the story's harsh and mature tone in a very belivable way.Story wise, the genre is mostly a murder mystery, dipped in the sheep's clothing of a fantasy. The player takes charge of Bigby (yes, the Big Bad Wolf himself) who, after the fables fled their respective world and established they're community in the modern world, was charged with the task of law enforcer. Of course, one of the story's biggest pulls is the contridiction of that. Bigby was and is still seen by most of the other fables as THE villian and nobody really trusts him. Internally, Bigby also struggles with himself, he is raw power combined with a dark animalistic nature, but he is also incredibly lonely and sick of it. The player guides Bigby's actions throughout the season, both shaping the progress of Bigby's internal struggle and solving the external murder mystery.Adding to the story's power is the artwork and voice acting. The art is cell shaded just right to that of a harshly lit comicbook. It feels almost like a colored in noire film and reflects the gritty, angry, mood of the stories setting. The voice acting is brilliant, clear and very emotional. Telltale did a great job in this one.  I loved every bit of this tale."
,Recommended,250320,11676986,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,zarebik CSGO-skins.com,"Great game, I'm waiting for second season."
,Recommended,250320,12041311,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Evil Panda,Being a♥♥♥♥♥♥to people has never been so much fun! Muwhahaha!
76561198039292388,Recommended,250320,15714824,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Peter,"One of 2014s strongest narrative experiences, The Wolf Among Us is a dark noir crime thriller that will have you at the edge of your seat throughout its duration."
,Recommended,250320,11254444,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ji,Wow. Okay so I don't normally post reviews for games but I feel like if I don't write one for this one I would be doing the world a great disservice. This game is simply wonderful. It's a great twist on all those stories that you loved from your childhood. Or that you didn't love. You're Bigby Wolf (the Big Bad Wolf) and it's your job to find out who has been killing off fables. You're gonna get sucked in. You're gonna play all 5 episodes in one day. You're gonna hate when it's finished. Hurry up and buy this. Seriously. Scroll up and add it to your cart.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,250320,11312160,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mohegan Rex,OMG this will leave you traumatize episode 1 holy ♥♥♥♥!!!
76561197973952918,Recommended,250320,10993606,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,blu_light16,"Telltale Games has polished their style of storytelling in point-and-click adventures to an impressive degree with The Wolf Among Us. The complex murder mystery narrative is accompanied by stylish graphics, which capture the darker side of familiar fairy tale characters living in an unfriendly New York. Meaningful gameplay only comes in the form of dialogue decisions, but those choices sure feel profound when you make them. The Wolf Among Us is worth checking out for anyone interested in experiencing a well-made fantasy story for adults.(Rating: 8.5/10 ""Excellent"")"
,Recommended,250320,15623015,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Gabou,"Telltales quality game. Short, nice, fun. :)"
76561198078567812,Recommended,250320,10957812,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fictitiousmoogle,I freakin' love this game.  I spend half the time debating whether I really should be hitting on Snow White and Fable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and the other half wondering if I'm actually getting the results I want when I decide to be nice to people.10/10 would definitely buy again.  Can't wait for the other episodes to come out!
,Recommended,250320,10947002,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Literally The Worst,"The Wolf Among Us continues Telltale Games' evolution of the adventure game genre, this time with Bill Willingham's Fables comicbook universe. For more, check out my video review:http://youtu.be/zy7M_dS3yzY"
,Recommended,250320,10644617,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JP,amazing game- epic storyline and easy to pick up controls
,Recommended,250320,10727178,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,teekey99,adventure masterpiece!
,Recommended,250320,13733868,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kneenaw,Most likely the best storytelling i have ever seen.
,Recommended,250320,16488130,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,theSmagann,"This game has one of the most engaging stories I have ever played. I played nearly all the episodes in one sitting three times over two days. Every choice you make drastically changes the way people think of you and the outcomes. It strays away from the extremely depressing Walking Dead, also great game, tone, and brings in an almost dark comedy feel to this mystery masterpiece. I definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a great story with intense sequences and rich dialogue. Thank you, TellTale Games for another fantastic story game."
,Recommended,250320,13272554,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,jtøtiger,"Everything about this game is great. I always like Telltale games because of the whole idea of your choices affecting the game.It's similar to the Walking Dead game, but a murder mystery instead of the zombie apocalypse. The plot, story and everything in this game is wonderful. I played through the whole thing in two days, the story keeps you on edge. Also you play as the big bad wolf and if that doesn't make you want it, I don't know what will."
76561198076548420,Recommended,250320,10887711,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,HellLancer,"Another masterpiece by telltale games. I reccomend this especialy if you played walking dead anf you liked it, you gonna love it. If you dont know the story, like i used to, dont worry you will be a bit confused in the start but you will understand everything later."
,Recommended,250320,10913551,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,The Devil in I,"<3 more <3 and yeah some more <3 so awsome game, Telltale relly can make games just love them same as The walking dead <3"
,Recommended,250320,10839071,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rhys556,Amazing story
76561198065311542,Recommended,250320,10926020,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,marklovestv,So far I am extremely impressed with this game.  I have read the comics and this game does a great job of staying true to the world and crafting an interesting story with great gameplay mechanics.  The art is wonderful as well.
,Recommended,250320,10962574,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,VikingToTheMax,The setting is amazing the story is great and the art in it is top notch. BUY IT!
76561198074989342,Recommended,250320,11179563,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Kasper,"Great Story, great characters, great game"
76561198021697976,Recommended,250320,11144024,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SpecialK,"The Brothers Grimm fairytales were originally twisted, dark, and complicated vignettes of real life and its terrible consequences, before the modern age smoothed them, dulled them, and pacified them into sweet and boring nursery lullabies.This game is what would have been made then if the Grimms knew how to code (and were fans of film noir, but shut up).It is utterly phenomenal.Just goodness, man, why are you still here?"
76561197973018233,Recommended,250320,11334679,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,daniel_kerr,"This is hands down the best game I have played in a long time. The story it told was amazing. It is one of the few games that I'd be willing to sit down and play through again.-I did run into two bugs near the end where it didn't load my conversation choices, and I had to restart the game. Fortunately, I didn't loose any progress. I whole-heartedly recomend this game."
76561198008202174,Recommended,250320,13171352,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lismu,No words of praise are sufficient for this gem - you need to give the creators your money. All of it. Now.
,Recommended,250320,13261627,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Noana,"A rather interesting and bloody take on fairy tales and their characters. I loved The Walking Dead 1 and 2 so it was no surprise that i had to buy this aswell. Really a fan of Telltale games' work. This game doesn't fail to amaze me again and again. If you buy the game when all the episodes are out it's probaly for the better because the waiting for every new episode was really killing me. Offcourse your choices affecting the gameplay is what makes it so interesting. Will you take the righteous path of prosperity and kindness. Or will you take the dark path, where the line between good and bad isn't that thin and you're able to perform acts of personal justice.Anyway. I loved it ♥/♥"
,Recommended,250320,11409064,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Morgan,Best of the best10/10
,Recommended,250320,13276818,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,bones mcgee,yas
,Recommended,250320,27365692,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flelark,A Great Game with a Great Story.
76561198016219487,Recommended,250320,28122015,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,monkeyboy246,"Probably my favorite of the Telltale games. while the other games simply have you making moral decisions and quick time events, (this does too) this adds in a mystery to solve. You play Bigby, the big bad wolf from all the fairy tales, joined with all the other fairy tale characters who are just trying to fit into normal lives. Its fun to find the clues and decide where they take you. Most of telltales games follow a lot of the same formula with ""false choices"" that take you to the same ending regardless of the path you take, but its still fun to walk it. I have not read any of the comics that this game was based off of, but I still enjoyed the game and had a decent understanding of the world and characters."
76561198338352011,Recommended,250320,28156508,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BFG,.
,Recommended,250320,7743494,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tent,"Slightly expensive for it's length (~2 hours an episode) but it's very good and has some replayability if you're into that.By all means if you can spare the money grab this, if you are on the fence you might want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,250320,9786222,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Harry S. Truman,"This game is set in a dark time with fairy tale civilians. It tells the story of the 'big bad wolf' solving a case that involves murder. It is a thrilling experience to play this game because of how the plot twists, unexpected suspects etc. This game is full of surprises and I as a fan, always wait eagerly for the next episode. 9/10 excellent game."
,Recommended,250320,9771041,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,adlai,"I just bought this game yesterday and I've been so enthralled with it that I've already finished the first two chapters. The story is written extremely well, with choices that are hard to make. This is not a game where you will be afforded the chance to study up before you make a choice (like Fallout or Deus Ex). You need to be quick, decisive and ready for the consequences. This game will definitely warrent several playthroughs.Other than the excellent story, the game is beautiful. The neon colors and cell shading give the definite impression of a comic book. Sometimes my eyes glaze over while playing, just because of how gorgeous the game is.If there was any doubt in your mind, I recommend a definite buy. I got my copy at a reduced price, so if 25 dollars is a bit steep for you, I would recommend grabbing it now (while it's at 15 for midweek madness), or when a sale comes around. No matter what price you purchase this at, though, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,250320,9821788,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,channel nine news,"Dis ♥♥♥♥ing game had the best soundtrack of ever, it's so serene; even if you think the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy it and play it for the kickass soundtrack, also there are ♥♥♥♥♥♥s in the game and you can kill people and♥♥♥♥♥♥ yeah good game; give it 9 outa 10 rubber ♥♥♥♥♥♥s so far"
,Recommended,250320,11470619,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Dominant Chris,"Wolf Amoung Us is a really awesome point and click adventure, great story, excellent music and voice acting would recommend over Telltales Walking Dead."
,Recommended,250320,7561421,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Poizun,Pretty Goood !The Wolf is an Expert on makeup in S2 :D!
,Recommended,250320,7568995,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Jordy Boguss,"Great. If you're a fan of the Fables series or of interactive stories akin to the Walking Dead, you'll probably enjoy it a lot. Telltale has obviously been finding their flaws and improving them, as quicktime events and animations all handle much better now."
76561197972184152,Recommended,250320,8200249,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,NiTeMaYoR,Just do yourself a favor and get this game. Adult cartoon comedy at it's best and a good plot as well. Totally worth the price of admission. THERE'S A TALKING PIG THAT DRINKS AND SMOKES CIGS!
,Recommended,250320,8211503,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Daniel Rogers,"I enjoyed this game more than the walking Dead. This is a prequel to the comics and I think it did the Comics justice as it shows some of the backstory to Bigby. The story is really good. They don't seem to be realising the new episodes as quickly because of the bigger named games they are making e.g. ""Walking Dead: Season 2, Game of thrones and Boderlands n/c"" I think that this game has great potential and I am looking forward to next episodes when they are finally Realsed. Really worth your useless cash.Edit for final release:This game is my favourite story game I have ever played. Tell Tale games have created a masterpiece. The last few chapters were amazing and the story was well paced and exciting. I Have played this game three times (Offline for two of the times.) I highly suggest this game to fans of good strong stories."
,Recommended,250320,8048441,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Dankasus,This game gives me the fattest boner.
,Recommended,250320,24790224,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,jayplussilentbob,i need a sequal lets go and good job on the game
76561198064893541,Recommended,250320,25110274,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Nuroshi,Probably my favorite Telltale tale to tell
76561198125907595,Recommended,250320,24022768,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Marshall,9.5/10 love this game buy it !!!
,Recommended,250320,22135021,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lewd,A telltale game
76561197970428810,Recommended,250320,25440763,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Voltaire,Great story. Nicely told.
76561197998581582,Recommended,250320,25796873,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hurshy,"Good game. Some dialogue issues pop up around Episode 4. Just restart it, will fix it."
,Recommended,250320,24609087,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Shady,"The Wolf Among Us:My favorite game of all time!The story is fantastic, like the soundtrack and sync.Your character is the sheriff of Fabletown, Bigby Wolf and your partner is Snow White!! Yes!! Snow White :DYou're trying to solve who's behind the killings...Some fairy - tales characters showing up too, like: The Beauty, and the Beast, Snow White, Little Red Riding Hood, the Woodsman (from the LRRH), Bloody Mary and more ...imo.: ""The Wolf Among Us"" - 10/10- Buy this game if you like TellTale, or interactive movies.. or you're a crime/noire fan.-The total Gameplay time is about 10 hours."
,Recommended,250320,21306956,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Zerocchi,This game is amazing!At first I thought it would not be worth my time but after some recommendations I finally bought it in one of the sales...And I fell in love with it right away.+ great story+ great music+ great everything!
,Recommended,250320,14467977,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,VETER[A]N,"Rich storyline, stylish graphics, gorgeous soundtrack :D"
,Recommended,250320,29083350,Posted: 7 January,all,Carrotface,Finished this in 8 hours worth it.I feel empty inside now
76561198047310415,Recommended,250320,18926259,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Kalpi,gud game
,Recommended,250320,11154408,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,andrudis,Great storyline and characters!
76561198124733455,Recommended,250320,16019983,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[EoL] Loleris,"One of the best games ever, in my opinion. TailTale does a great job with story."
,Recommended,250320,21148046,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,30003022,10 woof woofs out of 10.
,Recommended,250320,9811796,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Crypter,I like how you have dialog choices and can look at dead bodies while feeling moral guilt
,Recommended,250320,11144771,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"An interactive story game much like The Walking Dead series... read my review on that game if you want more specifics on how this type of game is played.The story involves characters from fairy tales that are disguised as regular people. You play as the ""big bad wolf"", who is the sheriff / detective of the town. You have to investigate a crime by finding clues and conversing with other characters.Unlike The Walking Dead, your choices in this game hardly mean as much, and don't generally get brought back up or referenced later on. Your choices are primarily to get different dialogue, or a couple extra little events... nothing really meaningful, though... I don't even think how you treat people even really affects how they talk to you.. pretty much everyone's general opinion of you is that you're the no good ""big bad wolf."" Don't get me wrong, there ARE choices, but they are so trivial overall that it doesn't matter. In TWD, I actually felt pressured to make the RIGHT decisions everytime. One thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was a choice that I made maybe mid-way through the game. I made a choice that really mattered to me, but at the end of the game it gets COMPLETELY disregarded and gives me a cop-out outcome that actually pisses me off. It felt really disrespectful to give me a choice but still ignore it completely.Even with that in mind, it's a pretty decent story, with really great characters. The characters really make this game enjoyable because they are very believable personality-wise, and they all behave consistently, so nothing really ever seems weird or out of place.The pacing of the story and gameplay start off slow, and slowly ramp up. At first it plays more like an investigation, where you slowly build up clues and questions.. and eventually start to slowly piece things together and slowly get some answers. It's not really open-ended at all, as the game plays out how it's going to play out. You have a couple of choices that affect HOW you investigate, but you end up learning the same information either way. As the game progresses though, it becomes more action-oriented and it feels like less of an investigation and more like a movie... you're not really finding things anymore, you're being told them... you just kind of see how things play out and that's it. The mystery is just gone.Overall, the game starts off great, but the feel changes as the game progresses. Each episode ends up feeling a little less interesting / special than the last. All of the episodes are still really great, they just feel less special as you play.Episode 5 (the finale) is rather lackluster I think. It has a couple good moments, but the ending doesn't really satisfy me, and there doesn't seem to be enough hints to definitely explain what has happened. I'm really not trying to spoil anything, but endings are pretty important for games that continually build up like this one, and this one felt a bit rushed, or at least too vague... leading me to believe that the DETAILS to what happened is left up to speculation, as all of the immediately plausible scenarios can be argued one way or the other, unless there are a ton of red herrings (which even if that is the case, there's no way to know.) In the end, if you ever want to settle on any specific answer, you're going to have to disregard plotholes, or be happy with unexplainable gaps in logic.I much prefer The Walking Dead series, but The Wolf Among Us is definitely an enjoyable experience, especially if you're craving more of this type of game after having played TWD... or if you're just totally OVER zombies."
76561198022658933,Recommended,250320,20606952,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Gamingman,Great story interesting twists ~10h of mystery and fun
,Recommended,250320,19780933,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,hippontherun,Art and story is amazing
,Recommended,250320,19812131,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dusti Adore,"So there I was, riding a crispy wave when all of a sudden scrfshdshhshshhhhh. CRASH n BUURRRRNSIES haha. Was thinkin about this game and I wasn't even harnessing my mind and utilizing it to its full surfing potential. Great game my dudes, and I totally suggest you get yourself a surf n turf burrito, and play this game with your free hand. Good times."
76561198087942211,Recommended,250320,19689480,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,nicolasuviedo,Excellent storytelling. Telltale Games style. Not really a game but a graphical interactive novel.10/10
,Recommended,250320,19730463,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Kuran,"It's a TTG' game. Buy it!Pros:- Great characters- Great story- Plot twist- As a wolf, you can blow piggy's houses (nah, just kidding)Cons:- Don't have a good choices' screen to see all the choices that you made (you can see the choices, but they're divided in two screens)- Besides the story being really cool, your choices don't change that much.Basically you'll choose between being a good or bad character, but the final is the same- Like the other games, you have a feedback for your dialogues with characters, but some are irrelevant, because don't change the story/won't affect the character in the future"
,Recommended,250320,19820770,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,Was Once Upon A Time before Once Upon A Time was Once Upon A Time.
,Recommended,250320,19852653,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,║404║GTR║Xerati║,A great interactive game with a really good storyline.
,Recommended,250320,19856244,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,{[AA]}Brostradamus,"The comic is great, which means the game has got to be. And it is. Great noir story that got me hooked from the first scene. Great soundtrack and art style. Love it!!"
76561198130948719,Recommended,250320,19799874,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Gamboleer,"Worked nicely in Windows 8.1 with both AMD and nVidia cards.5/5 stars. An amazing experience. AAA quality all around. Great writing. An actual plot. Superb voice acting. I want to see these characters again.This one is a great intro to the Telltale adventure series. It's complete as I write this, no waiting for DLC. There's a fair bit of cursing and gore, though it's nearly always germane to the scene -- this is a hard-boiled murder mystery.The only downside is the length; I finished in just under 10 hours."
,Recommended,250320,19695741,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,keltow,"This is like fairy tale stories made dark.Fairy tale characters in the 'real present day' world.It took a while for me to understand the ending.But when I figured it out, it blew my mind"
,Recommended,250320,19816486,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Skyy,"Super good. No game, but much story. Very cool. Much choice."
,Recommended,250320,19857279,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,carlthellama,Short but a great ride nevertheless. Great story telling and voice acting.
76561198077889994,Recommended,250320,19863112,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Little Miss 33,My personal favorite of all of the TellTale Games.  I cannot wait for a second season.  The atmosphere is perfect and the action is fresh and exciting while staying true to the source material.  The writing is on point.
,Recommended,250320,19891023,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,F*ck.,Brilliant game with an outstanding plot. Worth its price. It's just f*cking great.
,Recommended,250320,19684101,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Kevlittrell,"Creative story and aesthetic. I really like the colorful noire theme and stylized graphics. The story was well thought out but a bit cliche and the actual gameplay mechanics weren't the best. Other than that it was a great experience, and it was definately one of the most beautiful looking games ive ever played."
76561198220850652,Recommended,250320,19705172,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Danny Glover Simulator,"Super serious action-detective game in some type of twisted fairy tale world.  Heavy emphasis on branching dialogue comes at the expense of the action.  It was provacative to play through once and unravel the mystery, but it seems like a chore to repeat the process."
76561198169707377,Recommended,250320,19881568,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ivλn,"De los creadores del TWD, como siempre, buena trama, pero muy mala jugabilidad, diria que es casi nula, ademas... mienten un poco a la hora de tomar decisiones, ya que estas no cambian casi nada el desarroyo, y menos el final"
,Recommended,250320,19776408,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,y a n k,"The Wolf Among Us is a game created by TellTale games and definitely one of their best I have ever played. This game is more dependent on story impacting choices rather than the gameplay itself. The game's interesting twist on old time fairy tale characters creates an enchanting immersive world that is impossible not to fall in love with. Between the amazing story and the charming, unforgettable characters, it is an addicting game that is definitely worth picking up."
76561198096426378,Recommended,250320,19816916,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,jordipg,"An interactive graphic novel.  Your choices nudge the plot in the one direction or another, but it is ultimately linear, with one ending.The choices you make do affect the interpretation of various character's motives and even some peripheral aspects of the plot, but I think this is only significant if you are really paying very close attention.  By the last couple of episodes, I was starting to get bored, and so I wasn't.I was getting bored because, as I said, this is an interactive graphic novel and I'm not crazy about graphic novels.  It's not a game.  It contains some so-called ""quick time events"", but they are not puzzling or challenging.  For the most part, they can even be ignored.  The same is true when you can actually control Bigby and look around various rooms.  Just click on the circle.  Functionally, they are both the equivalent of turning the page.The rave, hyperbolic reviews are people who love the medium, or the story, or the Fables universe, or the voice acting.  But they aren't talking about it as a game.   I recommend this as an interesting graphic novel, or possibly a work of art, but not as a game."
76561198154189679,Recommended,250320,19789087,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Miss Quinnzell,Fabletown is afraid of The Big Bad Wolf.
76561198257399562,Recommended,250320,19684553,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TissueTheGod,"Pro's:- Characters are very good- The game isn't hipersterdised- Good setting- Everything is amazingCons:- Only 5 episodes, if they made a wolf among us 2, i would by 10 digital copies...This game,,, its gold...."
76561198058345672,Recommended,250320,19773068,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,sqlneil,"This is one of the most engaging games I have ever played.  The experience was immersive, exciting and pleasantly surprising.  I would love to play more games like this."
76561198086963775,Recommended,250320,19796924,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Noobsuperus,"Enjoyable movie experience, engaging plot, likeable characters, choices that matters, if your looking for a game that offers great story experience, definitely don't miss this one."
,Recommended,250320,19860270,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,RegardedSnail,"Started episode 1, by the end of the day i had finished it. It keeps you engaged the entire time with interesting charecters that you never kno the entire story of until the very end. If you played telltales's walking dead series and enjoyed it, this is even better."
,Recommended,250320,19726076,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Raum,"The Wolf Among Us is standard Telltale point-and-click gameplay. There isn't much to say here about how it plays, because if you've played one Telltale game, you've played them all.Where TWAU stands out is the story, which is actually pretty damn good. A noir/grim take on Fairy Tales, based off of a graphic novel series, it stands out as dark, unique, and a bit depressing at times. Definitely worth playing through for the story alone, but don't expect some kind of magical gameplay epiphany. Also, as with nearly every Telltale game (as far as I can tell), the choices you make don't impact much beyond a couple of lines of dialogue, and sometimes some slightly different outcomes.I will say that I think the story here has a few plot holes and unfinished business, but perhaps that's for a sequel somewhere down the line. Also, there are some character dynamics that apparently make more sense if you've read the graphic novel, which I have not, but I was able to pick up on who-likes-who pretty quickly."
,Recommended,250320,19879349,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,megan,"I'd never played a point-and-click game before, so I was a little wary starting TWAU, believing it would feel like a movie instead of a game. I was quickly proven wrong; Telltale's interactive style allows the player to choose everything from dialogue choices to suspect chases to the main character's morals. You can be a jerk with a heart of gold or a Grade A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (I'm normally too chicken to pick 'mean' options, but never before has it been so entertaining to be a jackass in a game). Every choice provides realistic progression within the narrative and other characters respond appropriately, their opinions of you changing or remaining the same depending on how you treat them and what you say and do.The premise of the world - that fairy tale characters exist in modern-day NYC and require ""glamors"" to conceal their magical nature - still feels a little juvenile to me, if I'm honest, but I really admire where Telltale goes with it. They weren't afraid to get their hands dirty with this spin-off (I suppose you could call it) of its source material. After playing this game I tried picking up the comic it was based off of, Fables by Bill Willingham, and personally found it lacking in comparison. I'm drawn to TWAU's tighter story, the small but well-developed cast of characters, the oddly distinct animation style (it grew on me), and the gritty noir-style dramatic story that's been packed with dozens of little mysteries I struggled to piece together as Bigby does.(All of this praise is honestly just meant to distract myself from the fact that I'm rather irritated with Telltale for announcing a Batman game instead of TWAU Season 2. Seriously? We have enough superhero stories now. You know who needs resolution? Bigby and Snow. I feel most other players would agree with me.)Anyway, to people still on the fence: coming from an incredibly critical media consumer who tends to over-analyze every bit of story and character progression and who hold grudges about disappointing plots and mistreated characters years after TV shows end, I honestly enjoyed every bit of this game. I finished with no regrets and no ""it would've been so much better if""s, which is a big deal for me. If TWAU is on sale: get it. If it's not on sale: get it anyway."
,Recommended,250320,19807406,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Zen Kiivi,"Very good story driven game. Not very much to actually play, but good for everyone who likes to play these kind ""interactive movies"". I personally did like the walking dead from telltales better. If you are more to fantasy than to zombies, changes are that you like this one better. This one has some replay value, but the base story would be still the same. Maybe try some different options just for fun. At full price I think game is too short, but when in discount, definetely worth buying."
,Recommended,250320,19816811,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,grabbie,Telltale Games can be hit or miss but The Wolf Among Us is one of the best they made.
,Recommended,250320,18494292,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,新庄かなえ✨,10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10 10 / 10
,Recommended,250320,18490849,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Xleetsuperhax,"I don't know where Bigby buys his jeans, but they are made from some flexible mother♥♥♥♥ing material."
,Recommended,250320,18473022,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,My first Telltale game I've played. I didn't know really anything about hte game other than that it had a 97% rating on steam. That made me give it a shot.Great story great concept and really makes you want to keep playing until the end.My only complaints are that it isn't actually a great game for replay. not really worth it unless it's on sale. And there aren't as much that gets effected by choices as I hoped.
,Recommended,250320,17792195,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mango,"End of epsidode 5:( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡⊙ ͜ʖ ͡⊙)Holy sh*t 10/10if you're gonna play this game, hold on to your knickers, lads"
,Recommended,250320,17252878,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Reaca Rivers,"Great Game! Overall -  7.5/10look- Gorgous, although glitches every now and again (not as bad as other TT games). -  9/10Game Mechanics- Exactly what you would expect from a TT game. - 8/10Replayability- Excluding for the odd achivement this is a one play game. 4/10Story- Griping and full of detail. Delivery was lovely, but simple. -   8/10Voice Acting- Sutible and well deliverd, however sometimes did not match emothions on there face, missleading the player. -  8/10Achivements- Many are easy however the odd one will cause you to replay the game if your an achivement hunter. - 8/10"
76561198069451550,Recommended,250320,17160583,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The Dude,When does the cutscene end?
76561197961479770,Recommended,250320,17498421,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Smoke Jensen,Bulls eye! The creators and writers have nailed this game. I wish there was more seasons. For people who just want a good story this is want you are looking for. If you want a first person shooter keep looking.
76561198143972439,Recommended,250320,17584539,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ZeroPantz™,"Great story, great characters, great voice acting, great plot twists, what you decide to do changes the story, awesome artstyle and great music. The game feels like a movie but regardless you feel in control because you constantly have to make choices, or be ready to take action, the combat parts are really nicely executed as well. I was never bored with this game and I just wanted to keep on playing since I was curious about what was to happen next and it's difficult for a game to manage to do that to me. This game has been on my wishlist ever since it came out and I was actually hestitant to get this game full the full price, so I snatched it up during the summer sale, but now that I've played it, I can guaratee that it is definitely worth the full price. Buy it, play it, you won't regret it. C:"
,Recommended,250320,17707415,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Welsher,9/11 would recommend
76561198070332743,Recommended,250320,14487684,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fancy Kiwi,u dont ENO
,Recommended,250320,14980106,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,"So Zootopia preaches that massive message of all animals being treated equally, right?This game takes that message, castrates it and nails it to the wall.10/10 would be a big bad wolf that is netiher big nor bad again."
,Recommended,250320,11159920,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Byakko130,"10/10. I HATE the mystery genre but I couldn't help but love the Big Bad Wolf in this one! Gorgeous world, numerous fairytale characters thrust into the life of a normal human, murder, conspiracy... what could go wrong?"
,Recommended,250320,24033839,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lonewolf,"The Wolf Among Us is an example of one of the most well thought, well put together games that is available on steam. As a part of the Tell Tale Games series, TWAU is comprised of a fairy tale driven plot cohersed with that of the Tell Tale style of gameplay and the end product is what i consider a masterpiece.READ: The game is often put on sale either during the Summer Sale or Winter Sale, so i recommend snagging a copy during those times, as it usually goes for around 5 bucks.There's really not much more to say other than that which would ruin or spoil the story, all i can say is to try the game out, if you don't fancy it, you can get a refund. Good Luck, and enjoy!"
76561198086213347,Recommended,250320,7362711,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,McPlop Jr.,If you like The Walking Dead get this. Action sequences are improved a lot as well
,Recommended,250320,32078677,Posted: 30 May,all,Pistol Pete,So intriguing. I love how it gives you so many hart to decide moments and the overall atmosphere and vibe of this game. Definitely buy and get through the 1st chapter.
76561197998522059,Recommended,250320,8180534,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Eppu,‎( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,250320,32142322,Posted: 2 June,all,cielphantomhyves,"honestly this is my favorite telltale game besides the walking dead season 1 ? it's worth every penny . if you have the money for it , i highly sugget you play it at least once in your life ."
,Recommended,250320,12916693,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Tren Vorun,One of the best games i've played in a long time.Dat ending!
,Recommended,250320,31988398,Posted: 26 May,all,Nobistik,"If you're a close to 30 something type looking for an awesome night in with a non gamer girlfriend who might like a cool story based on childhood fables, get this game OR alternatively if you have a pulse ALSO get this game. Either way, you won't be disapointed in this game. I legit bought this game a second time when it was on sale so I could write this review (first time I bought it through the tell tale client, which is junk but that's neither here nor there) . Honestly get this game even if you're not huge on point and click types, you won't regret it."
76561198004431735,Recommended,250320,7373164,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,feldor,"I recommend this to all who like good stories, of course you can wait for a better price but for example me who likes the Walking Dead Telltale game I just love this too. There are couple of things I'm not that much liking though, tapping a key when some fights are on and... the second, is that I can't probably wait for the next episodes when I finish this one:)Not for people who only want fps or who likes to have a complete freedom of movement (whatever that means). This is just different, a kind of a movie where you can make things to happen.The story, the characters and still the choices you can make... it makes this so wonderful. At least to me, already even if I haven't finished this part 1. This is just, great. There are nothing like this available, so if you can affort it (the price), buy this now! :) Or do it later...Cheers..."
,Recommended,250320,18648918,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sombra,"I don't usually write reviews for games, but I enjoyed this one so much that I really want to share how awesome it is. I won't get super into detail, but basically; if you ever wonder whether or not you should play this, play it. The graphics are beautiful, it feels like you're literally interacting with a comic book, and the noir-style storytelling is so satisfying to watch and play with. The characters, from the original comic and the new ones, are so well-written. The plot is fantastic, had me on the edge of my seat the whole time I was playing. I'm ashamed it took me this long to get around to playing through it.My new favorite Telltale game! If you love mysteries, comics, fairytales or noir stories, you'll love it too!"
76561197969417125,Recommended,250320,11218883,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,G00N3R,"I've never read the Fables comics that Wolf Among Us is based on, but I really enjoyed Telltale's previous adventure game The Walking Dead, so I was pretty confident that I would like this game too and that absolutely turned out to be correct.Wolf Among Us is set in Fabletown, where famous fairy tale characters such as Beauty and the Beast and Snow White live in secret amongst normal Humans. The player takes control of Sherriff Bigby Wolf (the Big Bad Wolf), whose job is to make sure the Fables follow the law.The excellent main story revolves around a murder investigation, while also adding details to how these Fables live their lives day to day. The characters are very well written with complex personalities, and have fantastic voice acting.Gameplay is mostly about dialogue, choosing how Bigby should respond during conversations with the other Fables. You can also make some decisions about how to proceed with the investigation, and your choices can influence how the story plays out. There are a few small crime scenes where you can walk around and examine clues, then use what you learned in future conversations. And there are some fights and chases that are controlled by QTEs, but these are quite forgiving, most of the time missing a button press just makes you progress in a different way. I never ended up in a failure state that required me reload and try again.Controls are not rebindable and I don't like wasd, so I played with an Xbox 360 controller instead, which worked fine. I didn't encounter any bugs, there were a couple of times that I was worried I had suffered a crash, but it just seems that sometimes loading of the next scene can be a bit slow.If you like a good story, I definitely recommend Wolf Among Us."
76561198157469189,Recommended,250320,30019310,Posted: 18 February,all,HYUCK,"A truly amazing telltale game. The story was just flat out amazing, and I really enjoyed how they creatively made the characters. Though it is rather short, I'll definitely get the sequel if there will ever be one."
76561198028556617,Recommended,250320,17724600,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,mmmu,"An absolutely amazing piece of storytelling from Telltale Games based on Bill Willingham's Fables comic book series.While you can question the lack of proper player interaction beyond dialogue choices and some QTEs the storytelling and characters are gripping enough for you to just sit back and enjoy the ride.The stylized outlook fits the tone of the game very well and graphically it looks very pleasing.Fueled by some solid voiceacting across the board and accompanied with a great soundtrack, the adventure certainly isn't lacking in atmosphere.The Wolf Among Us is one of Telltale's strongest games to date."
,Recommended,250320,10697008,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,King Aria,"If you play games for their immersive stories, then this is the game for you! Your choices do have consequences and there is a whole tree of endings to the game depending on your choices. This is the type of game that puts QTE sequences to heavy use.  You will also experience some similarities to Rockstar's 'LA Noire' (except not as complex as all the clues are highlighted for you).The main focus of the game is the story, so this is more like a television show than an actual game. It's definately worth it when it's on sale as it's only the price of a DVD rental. Full price is a bit too much as these games are released in seasons so unless you're really itchin' for a good story-based game, I'd recommend you wait.So what is the story about? It's a detective crime thriller. If you don't like mysteries, then this game may not be for you."
76561198025008414,Recommended,250320,9095280,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Sigrún,"The best cinematic story telling around. Utterly fantastic. Refreshingly, the choices you make absolutely matter. But if you make the wrong decision when it comes down to the wire or the clock runs out, you're going to feel it. So far, I'm very pleased indeed. The next episodes are something to look forward to, certainly."
76561198004010385,Recommended,250320,11176029,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Leviathan,"Ok where do I start. Smart Brutal Noir Masterpiece 10/10. If you are going to buy this, you are so lucky you don’t have to wait a Full year to get from Episode 1 to Episode 5, but the wait For Season 2 will kill you. I am a fan of the Comics since I was very young and was angry and hopeful about Telltale messing with one of my favorite comics, but Telltale deliver on their own brand of Quality and Respect the source material as they create their own universe around it. As a very Noir Game, This is a Detective story in the real world with a Fairytale cast, and you will soon find out there is no such thing as Happily Ever After. The Story will abuse your personals feelings, play with your mind, and test your own sense of morality. How far are you willing to go for answers? Did you do the right choices? Why are you really doing this? Who can you trust? Are you the Big Bad Wolf? If you ever want to make the case of Video Game=Art, this should be in your list. Can’t wait for Season 2"
,Recommended,250320,14537343,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,CaptainPkmn,"I'm going to keep this short. If you want a detailed review, look at someone elses.Story: Murder investigation with action that have a side-optionI enjoyed the game. It like walking dead but more of 'who did it' investigation with fighting action here and there.Pros: I don't want to ruin the game for you guys. If you want to know the pros, look at someone else's status.Cons: They cussed almost every single time. Every single line. It's not like Walking dead where you only cuss when they are angry and they are attacking you.... You and them literately cuss even when everything is perfectly fine.Another thing, You might encounter a bug where you can't finish the ending of 4 and 5 episode, due to a glitch in the 'Choose your options'.Warnings: Breast Naked Girl dancing in the strip club. Cussing every few minutes. 4-5 episode have ending bugs (you may or may not encounter them) but to fix them, you have to go to the menu screen and continue the game again.Would I play it again:   No. It's depressing. Good story but it one of those games where it isn't worth repeating. You'll know when you play all of it.I don't rate things. I just enjoy games. So I'm not rating anything. This review is just to inform you guys."
,Recommended,250320,28958414,Posted: 2 January,all,R O M A N,"It's a typical TellTale game, if you have played any of them. It was much grittier than I was expecting but overall an awesome setting, characters and story.Looking forward to TWAU 2."
,Recommended,250320,24710930,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Nexal,"Probably the best Telltale game there is. Point-n-click adventure with some short action sequences in the form of quick time events.Gameplay isn't somethign special, as all of these kind of games, but the story, combined with the art style and the light plot twists make this game one hell of an experience."
76561198029661433,Recommended,250320,32784011,Posted: 25 June,all,Murdoc [NL],"great game, played every option. big fan of the way tell tale does story telling and forces your hand in choices"
,Recommended,250320,32816370,Posted: 26 June,all,ShadowDame,"I'm in love with Bigby. But I guess the disenchanted women all fall in love with him :PGraphics: Love the art style, and think that it's timeless. I bought it on sale in 2017 and I didn't go ""ew what an ugly 2013""  game. Looks good still.Voiceover: Everyone's voiceover was on point.Story: Great story with it's own twists and turns. I love shades-of-grey and no right or wrong kind of story. Prepare to be mindblown at the end.Really want a Season 2, please Tell Tale!"
,Recommended,250320,14261701,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Effy Cakes,This game is just plain incredible. Really well designed with a solid story running throughout. Quite addictive too!
,Recommended,250320,17909511,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Satan's Little Helper,My favorite from Telltale :)
,Recommended,250320,32857948,Posted: 27 June,all,FunkyKiwi,"This is my first TellTale game and I really like it. The story is dark and compelling with enough twist and turns to keep you concentrated en engaged. I played it with a Xbox One controller and it works really well. The gameplay feels more intense than Life is Strange, because you cannot know what direct influences your choices have. I am certain to play through it again to find out how I can alter the storyline by making different choices. I am now 5 hours into the game and have 2 eposides left."
,Recommended,250320,33051852,Posted: 30 June,all,Siu-King**,"G f*cking G.One thing I don't quite get it - why are all other characters such hateful tw*ts against ""me""? like I owe them and have to redeem myself or some crap.You know what, f*ck it, I'll just play the corrupted cop - punch, smack, slap, whack, kill everyone once I got the chance :p"
,Recommended,250320,25471895,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,EmDoubleyou,"Great voice acting, compelling character development, and innovative concept kept me glued to this game. The story isn't anything to write home about but I loved the characters and I felt like the decisions I made had actual impact. These types of ""interactive movie"" games aren't for everyone (it was not challenging in the slightest) but if you're looking for a change of pace with an enjoyable game; this will not disappoint.I played The Walking Dead by Tell Tale and this is very similar but I felt the kicked up the violence and adult language/scenarios a little bit for this game which was appreciated.BRING ON SEASON TWO!"
76561198031203415,Recommended,250320,33014189,Posted: 29 June,all,Colonel Tache,"Telltale, get the liscense back and make season 2"
76561198298079036,Recommended,250320,33069767,Posted: 30 June,all,S_Coppards,A Good game
,Recommended,250320,16250031,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Yes-Man,"Ever wondered about the 'they lived happily ever after' part? This game will answer all your questions.It's a very adult way to tell the classic fairytales, but don't expect content suitable for children ... Not! At! All! If you like suspense and interactive story telling, you're going to love this! Very much recommended."
76561198122784876,Recommended,250320,23991491,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jorl,"According to me, this is the best Telltale game so far. The visuals, the story, the characters are just perfect and give the game a very special and unique feeling to the game. It can, however, feel like the episodes are quite short but this gets compensated with the intriguing story throughout the game."
,Recommended,250320,32843811,Posted: 26 June,all,Yoshifury,"Story is really good. but dark.Im always closing my eyes, and taking a deep breath.Im scared.I think this game must be rated for 18+ than 16."
76561197995128738,Recommended,250320,13456270,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Shake Zula,"Better than The Walking Dead Season One?  Maybe.  Favorite thing I played all year except for my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥   Started strong, finished strong, maybe a little weak in the middle."
,Recommended,250320,27898974,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ShadeSpeCtre,A wonderful game that I never thought I would appreciate as much as I do.  Amazing characterization and storytelling drive the heart of this game that is well supported by artful aesthetics.  As the story takes you on a riviting adventure that leaves you asking many questions and getting only few answers you can't help but want more.
,Recommended,250320,32931199,Posted: 28 June,all,Alexis,"Being a lover of comics and story-based games I thought playing a game based on the Fables comic series would be a great fit for me, and it was! The controls are simple so you're not stuck searching for the right keys and there's a decent amount of time to read the choices, in most cases at least. While this game is simple, the story is so interesting and there was at least one twist in every episode. The episodes are decently long as well so you don't feel like you only gotten 30 minutes of gameplay. Overall, I am in love with this game and I'm sure if you enjoyed TWD games, you'll love the TWAU."
,Recommended,250320,13624886,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,"Hit. ("" ,)",Amazing game with great story. Maybe even better than The Walking Dead.
76561198028608033,Recommended,250320,32960238,Posted: 28 June,all,SkyKing,%500 worth it.
76561198306081323,Recommended,250320,33110222,Posted: 1 July,all,Displeased Delirium,"How come Minecraft Story Mode gets a 2nd season, but this doesn't? I'll tell you why. Because Telltale wants money."
,Recommended,250320,33106992,Posted: 1 July,all,[SPLUTCH]DrunkenIrishFool,"What a great game! Far from the normal... well... any type of game, this is more of an interactive story. If you're looking for hack 'n slash, killing, puzzles, strategy, etc, look elsewhere. But if you want a thrilling story which you steer by your choices in both dialog and action, buy this game.NOW.Just do it.What are you waiting for. Why are you still reading this?Buy it."
76561198103195124,Recommended,250320,21165942,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Nightshade,"Favorite telltale game for sure! Film noir detective-ing mixed with fairy tales, whats not to love?"
76561198029100721,Recommended,250320,8866261,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Shunkleburger,This game had me hooked in the first five minutes. THe premise is engaging and the story is awesome!
,Recommended,250320,33215492,Posted: 3 July,all,Shadowromeo1784,"My Personal Review - The Wolf Among Us  (Episode 1 - 5) (Short Review)""Conclusion""For me this is the best Telltale Game that i've ever played. not just that probably the best episodic game too, the atmosphere.. the story. the characters the world. dark immersing world full of dark secrets. that you are about to find out. you as the big bad wolf and other fable characters  that you are familiar with when you were a kid. like Snow White, Beauty And The Beast. their fantasy world turns into realistic mature dark world. full of violence, prostitution, corruption.. you as the sheriff bigby investigating a brutal murder case. a crime.. obviously this game is not for kids, and  i liked that.  and  that's how i'm gonna describe this game. the only bad thing about thing game is there is no sequel yet. god i want a sequel of this game so bad.Final Verdict: 8.8/10Story: 8.5/10Voice Acting: 8.6/10Content: 8.3/10Atmosphere: 9.3 /10no more words.. My Lips Are Sealed.."
,Recommended,250320,33368638,Posted: 8 July,all,OKKIDOK,10/10 would play again
76561198176922323,Recommended,250320,27347149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ManwithBinocs,"Probably the best episodic adventure game on Steam, truly one of TellTale's best."
,Recommended,250320,33082548,Posted: 1 July,all,GILE,"My second favorite Telltale game alongside Tales From The Borderlands, This games has Suspenseful story, Well-written and interesting characters, Unique art style, Cinematic presentation with excellent voice acting, Choices that seem to have an impact on the story (but actually don't), Fantastic Narrrative that keeps you wanting more.Also this game is a canon prequel based on the ""Fables"" comic which sets around fairy tale characters who had to flee their homeland from an imperial army, and now trying to make a living secretly in Manhattan. The comic itself is Fantastic & I highly recommend reading it after (or before) playing this game."
,Recommended,250320,20673011,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Harleyyy,"Okay, first things first. Let me get this out the way. This game is so beautiful. From the graphics to the music to the colorful comic book type art. Heres my review after playing and complete this game. It starts out as a normal Telltale Game. It's not boring nor very interesting.  After a couple hours in the game, I started getting more and more interested. I was hooked on the story line. You play as Bigby Wolf, the sheriff that protects the Fables living inside Fabletown. Like a normal Telltale Game, you have choices and these choices matter, so choose carefully.  You can play as a good sheriff or the ""Big Bad Wolf"". As the chapter progresses, you meet more and more fables. You try to use your judgement and find out who the killer is. I would say more but these lips are sealed... I would give this game a solid 10/10. If Season 2 comes out, I would definitely play it."
,Recommended,250320,33020360,Posted: 29 June,all,✪Dat Boi,"Great game. Hard to tell which Telltale game is the best when they are all this good. However, like all the games, this one seems kinda pricey when the gameplay only lasts less than 10 hours. But, a worthy purchase during every sale."
,Recommended,250320,30486639,Posted: 13 March,all,TheUniporn,"I bought this game because I like the visual novels that Telltales makes and it had very good ratings. I was extremely surprised by the universe I just entered and I loved it. I won’t say anything else about it because if more people can be surprised by it, it’s well worth it.Like all other Telltale games the engine feels old and choices don’t really matter, but at least you can pause it whenever you want. The story is OK but it’s the setting that really makes this game. The only real complaint I have is that the “next season” spoilers are unskippable.Rating: Insanity Wolf.Recommendation: This is definitely one of the better visual novel games out there.http://pixelloot.com"
,Recommended,250320,32949920,Posted: 28 June,all,Venom Snake,Well I guess I have joined the long wait for season 2
76561198066666130,Recommended,250320,18425441,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Xaotic,nice storyline
,Recommended,250320,11440335,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,harle,"This game is really nice. It takes something known like the charakters of Snow White, The Bad Wolf and many more and puts them into an mature, dark and completely differend environment.Its like an interactive comic movie, absolutely worth your money and time."
,Recommended,250320,33197042,Posted: 3 July,all,IzzGamerMalaysia (hellcase.com),First 2 Episode Kinda Boring For Me.. But Starting Episode 3 The Series Getting Interesting And Mysterious... I Really Having Fun Playing It.. I Am Sure There Gonna Be A Sequel For The Wolf Among Us Because The Ending Doesnt Like The Series Is Finished At All.. I Gonna Give 8/10 Out Of It..
,Recommended,250320,33252080,Posted: 4 July,all,-DI- Dey,"The story of this game is amazing. The story is unique and always keeps you guessing. Greatly iteractive as well. I wish I could say more, but these lips are sealed."
,Recommended,250320,13700038,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FedericoV,Best adventure game of the year? I think so.I had a lot of fun with the Wolf Among Us and now I'm curious to read the graphic novel:  I did not believe that they could improve the formula of the Walking Dead but Telltale's devs manage it.Highly advised.
76561198073520134,Recommended,250320,31883002,Posted: 21 May,all,ShakenNotStirred,Great game with a unique aesthetic and premise. As my first Telltale game I'm pretty impressed. Definitely one of the better story based games I've played. The writing is mostly entertaining and the story was enough to keep me playing despite the minimal gameplay.
,Recommended,250320,10928006,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,4cylinder,"Did you like Telltale's Walking Dead game? If so, BUY THIS GAME NOW.Bigby Wolf is so macho."
,Recommended,250320,11139843,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,NekoHime,"it's been nearly a year since i started episode 1 when it was released, and i just completed episode 5. one of my top 5 favorite games of all time. beautiful story, art, music, and character development. lots of decision making, with just the right amount of action. never a dull moment. 20/10"
76561198042664827,Recommended,250320,33415343,Posted: 9 July,all,Alex,"Fun premise, interesting decisions and strong execution. Fewer zombies but still very good."
,Recommended,250320,32919580,Posted: 28 June,all,windows92,the best game telltale will ever make as far as i'm concerned.
,Recommended,250320,33459592,Posted: 11 July,all,Mia,Well letz just say they like to tell stories in a coool way and i like it...Just wishing dey haD BETTER graphics like lifes strange...nice music luved wulf and Bloody Mary very much...play it if u like story telling with decision making...
,Recommended,250320,10535021,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ashelysbored,Amazing storytelling and I will recommend it to everyone I know.
76561197961240772,Recommended,250320,12208514,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mamurai,"The Wolf Among Us is another game from Telltale Games, and follows the same formula as The Walking Dead game from them. The game mechanics are rather simple, where you select answers on a timer along with a few quick time events thrown in there too.You play as a detective named Bigby Wolf in a dystopian New York setting where famous and less famous fairy tale creatures and characters have taken residence after an exodous from their own fantasy world, and keep up their true identiy hidden by using ""glamours"" made by witches. Those who can't afford glamours or follow the rules are sent to a place called ""The Farm"".The story is what drives this game despite the simple mechanics. The game often made me think and wonder, and always wanted to play more which can only be a good thing. However, I didn't feel the choices you made in the game always had a major impact like The Walking Dead, which can be either a good or bad thing depending what your preferences are, but I would have liked the world to seem a bit more dynamic.The game more or less plays like a movie, but where you can choose what the main character does and says, and again with a heavy emphasis on story. If you like story driven games you should really consider picking up this game."
,Recommended,250320,28073955,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RyanS,You can be a♥♥♥♥♥♥or nice. i like being a♥♥♥♥♥♥in real life and in game
,Recommended,250320,11004511,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Raven,"It's been a long time since I've played a game that I just couldn't put down.  I picked the game up at the tail end of the Summer sale, and beat all 4 current episodes 2 days later.  I absolutely love the enviroment, the story telling, and the characters.  I'd highly recommend the game to anyone who enjoys linear story-driven styles of games."
76561198034227907,Recommended,250320,21014352,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Shanks2122,Fantastic
,Recommended,250320,33706361,Posted: 21 July,all,ASThomaSA,One of my favorite games. The story and atmosphere is just really good and mysterious. I also love the color scheme and the art style.Recommended
,Recommended,250320,8437286,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MAGNUS RUSHES IN,"really great game with a very interesting story line. personally, i really like the art style as well. there are quick time events, but as far as i've seen, not as many as in the walking dead."
,Recommended,250320,29117141,Posted: 8 January,all,gunsage,"Once upon a time, the big bad wolf became a sheriff and ♥♥♥♥ed everyone up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1baTCWSi94This is yet another fine Telltale game.  Basically all the fairytale creatures have come to the real world in an attempt to integrate into society and, well...it doesn't go so well.  This is a dark, gritty story with a lot of style and action.  Definitely worth checking out if you're a fan of other Telltale titles."
,Recommended,250320,28852722,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jackdw31,"Best Telltale game by far - only one I know of other than TWD2 where your choices ACTUALLY affect the plot, and where you can miss things if you don't replay and try the other routes. The codex system should definitely be implemented into their other games, and more varying stories. This game is hands down the best by the developer for me."
,Recommended,250320,9037610,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,A3,"Absolutely love the Fables, both storywise and comic book! If you ever read the comics you should buy this game! If you didn't, buy it either way"
,Recommended,250320,11279988,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Square-Bryan,Described in one word: Masterpiece.
,Recommended,250320,27912265,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bb-k8,"I would recommend picking up The Wolf Among Us on sale, because I completed the entire game in about 5 1/2 hours.  If you're an RPG fan, or have any remote interest in RPGs, don't miss TWAU.  It's a fantastic game, and one of the few where I felt that my choices did have some impact on the plot.  The characters are interesting and the plot is well written and paced nicely.Personally, I don't feel like Telltale needs to make a second season.  The ending is a bit of a cliff hanger, but is satisfying and leaves a bit of mystery once the game wraps up.  It's a great game that I would highly recommend picking up during an upcoming sale."
76561198079371761,Recommended,250320,13167601,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Päläs,Really entertaining and good game. I can't recommend it enough!
,Recommended,250320,18405025,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Razor,"Wow, just ♥♥♥♥ing wow.Why isnt there a movie about this already? So much better than Once upon a time, Snow White and Big bad Wolf FTW""I have a way with people"""
,Recommended,250320,11145752,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,cowsaysoink,big b wolf is my bb
,Recommended,250320,27989936,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mr_ninenine,really good story
76561198097912879,Recommended,250320,32452203,Posted: 15 June,all,Illidan Stormrage,Started Smoking because of Bigby.Would recommend10/10
,Recommended,250320,13166815,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Schmidy,Awesome storyline that grips you and makes you feel for the characters that you are interacting with. Loved every minute of it!
,Recommended,250320,11144080,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,???????,Absolutely Love This Game and Final Episode was my favourite.
,Recommended,250320,13665547,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LonM,"The wolf among us is an amazing adaptation of the comic series ""Fables"".The story in this is very captivating, and the way the player can control the choices using both dialogue and quick-time events really helps the immersion factor. It is also very in line with the tone that is set in the comics, with a good amount of humour thrown in as well. The characters are also well portrayed in this, if a little jumbled up because I don't beleive it uses the same canonical sequence of events.The art style in this game really captures the style of the comics, but in its own unique manner. I did see a few graphical issues while playing, but nothing major. Telltale also did a good job at converting the setting of the comics into a 3D environment, as well as continuing the style in adding new locations.The soundtrack in this game is brilliant. It does a good job at adding ambiance to the story, as well as the environments.I've only played the game once, but I do see a lot of replayability in the future, as there are plenty of choices that could affect the outcome of the entire story.Overall this game is well deserving of its awards, and definitely worth a buy if you want a game with a good story to it."
,Recommended,250320,13582577,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jdrew,10/10!The story is the BEST I have ever seen in any video game. The detechtive work isn't the best but at the same time it doesn't ruin the game at all. If you love games full of story and mystery and the art style looks good then you will love the game. My best game of 2014 by far.
,Recommended,250320,23726673,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,"Yes, this is Dave","This taut mystery is marred only by uneven pacing in the last two episodes, some bugs and Telltale's continued usage of illusion of choice.Pros+ A story that definitely wasn't written overnight.+ A talented cast. Adam Harrington gives a spectacular performance as Bigby Wolf, and was critically acclaimed for his role.+ Memorable visuals. Not only does it adequetly duplicate the comic book imagery of the source material, The Wolf Among Us also provides its own distinct aesthetic, allowing it to settle a safe distance away from Telltale's other comic book based series, The Walking Dead.Cons- Some bugs; I had to reload twice in my ten hours of play. Once due to the game freezing during the loading screen, and once because of a known bug that occurs at a specific point in episode 5.- The game loses momentum towards the end, notably throughout episode 4. It doesn't pick up the pace until well into episode 5.- Many don't agree with this sentiment, but as another reviewer mentioned, Telltale games do not really give you the freedom of choice you'd expect. What Telltale gives you is the illusion of choice. You make choices, yes, but they're typically superflous and have no real consequence. Everyone will experience the same The Wolf Among Us; it's a tightly spun story, with a beginning and an end, not a branching, all-enveloping RPG from the bygone era of Black Isle Studios or a Bioware title about saving orgaspdestroying the world one dialogue wheel at a time. The Wolf Among Us is about a mystery, and you're going to solve it.Definitely recommended to anyone already familiar with Telltale, Fables, fans of contemporary fantasy or fans of noir mysteries."
,Recommended,250320,23796080,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,darmstadi,"This game is a decent movie with little interaction and arguable consequences for your choices. Good for when you're not in the mood for playing a game that is very demanding of you.There's several points i'd like to mention that are not exactly positive or negative:1. If you are familiar or a fan of the Fables universe, the story and the characters can be a bit disappointing. If you're not, you might enjoy them and it might encourage you to check the comics.2. This is more a criticism of Telltale Games rather than this game itself but the dialog system (being one of the selling points of this type of game) is not as great as people make it look like. There's rarely any big consequences for your choices and sometimes the options feel a bit lacking. As someone who has read the comics, there were plenty of points during the game where none of the dialog options represented my understanding of the character and felt forced to advance the story in the way they wanted to.3. I hate Quick Time Events and this game goes from Point&Click sections to QTE sections. I wish they found a different way to do the QTE sections.To conclude, if you are not familiar with the comics, this game is good. If you have read the comics, you might enjoy the game but you might be disappointed in the characters and the story. Still a recommend if you like this genre."
,Recommended,250320,23836607,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mbradley1992,"This is very much a Telltale game. However, like their other games after The Walking Dead Season One, it feels like they're unsure what made TWD Season One great. There are plenty of decision moments, but half the time, the choice doesn't matter. A character who died doesn't have consequences, breaking a promise didn't cause anything to change, etc. It's a good story, and it is fairly interesting. However, it's just missing what made TWD take off.Only one major con to this game: The dialogue is ""clunky"" in a lot of places. This means that either A) the dialogue option you choose isn't necessarily what happens (you think it's a compassionate choice, but the character actually says something hostile), or B) there just wasn't an option for what you'd really wish to do (i.e. there's no non-aggressive response to certain dialogue choices). What really doesn't make sense is that in Episode 1, there is an exchange where option 4 is ""MORE"" which gives you 2-3 more dialogue options, plus the ""Silence"" option. This is NEVER used again in any other episode. Why not? It would be nice to have clear, defined options for all possible responses. Often two of the responses are the same in terms of the tone."
76561198143783697,Recommended,250320,23393789,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ISeeTheSorrow,"SPOILER FREEPROProbably the best voice acting I have heard in a game, all around, not sure who the VAs were but they felt proffesional, Bigby sounded like David Hayter(Solid Snake), but performed to a higher level in my opinion. Even the worst actors were better than the best actors I have heard in some big budget games. More of a statement about the quality of VAs in games I suppose, but these VAs definitely have chops. even the kid is really good.A well-constructed narrative, particularly for this type of 'moral choice' game. Generally you get the obvious good and bad options, but this game has a bit more variance thnaks to the characters, and the option to remain silent. You will definitely be going to and from who you think is responsible for what happens. Seems short because it is only 5 episodes but each episode is a few hours. Though if you go into it with a poopsock mindset you are wasting your time and the games time, immerse yourself in it.If you can't help but just rush through it catatonically, it's your own loss, but it is an easy game for achievements, as they unlock as you play through the story. I do seem to have missed one or two, probably based on choices I have made, but really easy to fix if I have the time. If all you care about is your steam score, whatever it's called, this is a good game for you.Good mix of humor and grit, the tone seems kind of light to being with, but the more you play the more twisted it gets, and the more you question your morality, and past decisions. Liberal use of language helps to make the tone feel more adult, and the characters more real. The darkness isn't over the top and try hard, just kind of sprinkled around, for instance if you look carefully in the background of the office there appears to be a man hanging. Also if you are mean to the toad kid you have issues.CONThe cell-shaded graphics weren't breathtaking, but still a bit refreshing. For how recent the game was I was a bit surprised by the quality, compared to some other recent cell-shaded games, but I suppose it is a compromise for all of the other effort that has gone into it.A few glitches. Some of them could have potentially made a mess like conversation options saying 'this option is blank' but elliciting responses. I thought it was some kind of trippy dream sequence but glad I reloaded the game just in case. Also got one time when I walked into a corner and then couldn't escape it not matter what I tried. Nothing loading from the last checkpoint can't fix in my experience.Combat is QTE-based, so don't expect a challenge, but how you fight makes a difference, I will leave it at that.The preview at the end of each episode could probably be done without, surprises are a strength in the game so taking that away isn't ideal, though understandable with the episode release format, you want to give customers a hook. The 'previously on' would be nice to be able to skip too.FINAL WORDInitially I really didn't want to play this game at all, it just seemed linear, short, and childish by how I had seen it advertised. It was only thanks to seeing a friend play it that it caught my interest, with a toad telling you to '♥♥♥♥ off'. I got it on sale warily, but now I have experienced it I would say it was probably worth the price. Defintely going to check out other Telltale games, now that my prejudice has been dispelled."
,Recommended,250320,24690780,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Cunning Kruger,"The Wolf Among Us is episodic point 'n' click interactive story developed and published by TellTale Games. It's based on graphic novel made by Bill Willingham.The gameplay uses classic point 'n' click interface where you can interact with the objects and the characters in the game. This is mixed with timed dialogue system and quick-time events. All of these serve their purpose but I'd hope that TellTale would mix things up more with different styles of gameplay for once.Considering there isn't much of gameplay in these things so let's talk about story. The story tells about your classic fairytale creatures that try to live among humans. The protagonist is Bigby Wolf who works as detective trying to uncover series of murders of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. As these kind of stories go things aren't as simple as they seem at first. The story starts out strong but the quality takes a big dip down towards the last few episodes.Visually game uses (in TellTale tradition) cell shaded artstyle which gives the game a graphic novel look. The difference to their previous game The Walking Dead is that TWAU uses film noir aesthetic with lots of contrasts of light and shadow and it gives the game really nice look.Like always voice acting is good and writing is too for the most part. The biggest problems I have with the game (and TellTale games in general) is that they don't put lot of effort into animation and lip syncing, both of which are just amateurish at times. I don't usually pay too much attention to these kind of things but considering there's far less interactivity going on in TellTale games than the most other games I expect more from visual representation."
76561198104302493,Recommended,250320,25291431,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Pergamon,"There is so much to talk about when it comes to this game. I bought it on a TellTale Steam sale a while ago and it just sat in my library for a while, untouched. It wasn't until I caught a nasty cold that I started to entertain myself with this awesome game.I do believe that if you like games like The Walking Dead, Heavy Rain or Beyond: Two Soul, you should like this game too, as it holds the same elements of the ""Decicions affect the course""-principal. Within the game you're given choices as to what you're going to say and do, and some decisions can be vital to the story.The game has an interesting story as it takes place in Fabletown within New York City. Fables, characters from farytails and nursery rhymes, lives there in secrecy from humans. It's a cool concept as the game gives the New York vibes while maintaining the fairytail magic.You play as Bigby Wolf, the Big Bad Wolf from the fairytails of Little Red Riding Hood and The Three Little Pigs. He's the towns Sheriff, but has trouble to find acceptance from other Fable due to his aggresive past(the fables). Each character you meet in this game is recognisable from the stories and TellTale make a great interpetation of how they'd live in the real New York.The story is intresting and each Episode you uncover more and more of the tasty plot. The game has lore to it as well and if you want to know more you can read the DC Fable comics online. As i mentioned before each decision may affect future events, so think carefully. If you like that kind of mechanic, then it's a game for you.I think that the graphichs are really neat, it's the same TellTale Comic graphic which I find fitting for the setting. Not much more to say about that.There are quicktime events in this game, and I personally enjoyed them but people who dislikes quicktime events might be a bit sceptical. It mostly wants you to direct the mouse cursor, press W, A, S, or D, or spam the Q button. It's best to be aware but it isn't hard at all and it usually gives you time to prepare for any quicktime events.If you're a completionist then this game might be good for you since all of the achievements are easy to get.In conclusion:I highly recommend this game to everyone that seem to like either TellTale games or the ""decision"" games. It is magnificent and the quality is present through the game, from start to finish. If you're like me and would like to see more about Fabletown then you could try out the comics online, they're pretty easy to find. If you saw this reveiw within the ocean of reveiws, have a good day."
,Recommended,250320,12720205,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nicholas D Wolfwood,"Another hard hitting classic from Telltale!At this rate I am becoming a fanboy, whom I am never a fanboy of gaming companies.(One exception is Bethesda for their RPG franchises.)I will be purchasing Season 2 if it is released.As well it has got me interested in the Fable Comic series!A great detective drama that features the cast of your classic fairy tail characters.That are thrown in to the future of them attempting to live among humans.However most are put in to depression and despise living a poverished lifestyle compared to their rich lavish royalty they have grown accustomed to. A thought provoking piece, that I am dying to complete and unlock EVERY single achievement.Also as a added bonus they give you extra content and character/situation profiles that you can read that adds even MORE depth to the already established and lush universe.I would be happy and it would be WELCOMED to feature this in the other franchises to come by Telltale.The comic graphic style in my opinion is remarkable.Hard core frame rate drop at full settings, which I found odd since I am enabled to run graphic enhanced games that seemingly go higher than them in my opinion in quality while maintaining a extreme frame rate.That ASIDE, this is a must own for a story driven player such as myself and I am almost ashamed I waited this long to give it a full go, even though my time has been more restrained.9/10 easily, as a hardcore series score.10/10 for me personally, and it is making me loving and awaiting the new Telltale franchises we have been promised."
,Recommended,250320,13544641,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tuthkhue,"Another great achievement from Telltale.. One of their best games..The way you enjoy this game is depending on your experience with previous Telltale title;First group, if you haven't played the Walking Dead (TWD), this will be a great delight for you. Telltame games are like interactive books. You can choose the way you play and the game shape itself around your decisions. Interactive in here doesn't mean lot's of actions. Action in here is only some quicktime events (where you push proper buttons in time) and selecting what to say and where to look. But gameplay is just a tool for this game, the important thing is the storytelling. It is like reading a comic books that you can drive the story as you like to. You will see that everything (Graphics, voices etc.) is a great fit for this kind of storytelling.Second group, for the ones who played TWD and love the concept of Telltale. This game is really for you. Same gameplay, same kind of story telling but in a different dimension. If you also enjoy comics, this one could be a better choice for you, because this one doesn't take itself as serious as TWD. So it is a more entertaining experience. Bigby is a very ranged character, you can play as a man who is looking for redemption, or you can be a big bad wolf. Characters are diverse and if you know a little bit about fairy tales, you will enjoy the references and their adaptations of them in a daily life. The story is more of a crime solving, detective kinda thing with nice twists and some shocks. Graphics are the same but I think with this story it even looks more fit.Third group, if TWD is greatest adventure game you ever played, you should lower your expectations from this game. This game is not an emotional roller coaster as TWD. Bigby is a great character but not a one you can emphatise with. You are only roleplaying his character not living it. And the decisions you made don't hurt you or make you question your view of life as TWD (Which was better for me, I cried after TWD). Story is not a hard hitter or free roaming like TWD. This one you can see where it goes and twists are more predictable. And I'm not sure but this one could be a little shorter (I'm not sure because I finished it in a heartbeat :) )...In overall, another great game that everyone should experience. I haven't read comics, so I can't compare it, but  I can tell it is a great story with great characters and, possibly one of the best stories that can be adapted as a Telltale game. So if you enjoy this kind of adventure games, you just found a great treasure for yourself."
,Recommended,250320,14171691,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CharlieLima79,"I went into 'The Wolf Among Us' knowing very little about the 'Fables' graphic novel series, on which the game was based. Given that, my review of the game would not touch upon the game's faithfulness to the graphic novels.Despite my praise for and enjoyment of Telltale Games' previous titles (namely 'Back to the Future', 'Sam & Max' and 'The Walking Dead'), I was hesistant to try 'The Wolf Among Us' because of my unfamiliarity with 'Fables'. However, my playthrough of the game assured me that Telltale Games could truly craft a great story and tell it well through the adventure game or interactive story medium.The writing in 'The Wolf Among Us' was solid, full of dialogue, twists and suspense that one would expect from pulp fiction, film noir and neo-noir cinema. If you are not a fan of these genres, you may not enjoy this game as much as I did. I also really enjoyed the cliffhangers at the end of each episode, and I would have forgone sleep and played all five episodes at one go if I could.'The Wolf Among Us' looked beautiful. In fact, I found Telltale Games' art style worked better in this game than in 'The Walking Dead' because of this game's pulpy and film noirish tone and atmosphere.My main gripe with 'The Wolf Among Us' was the way the Book of Fables extras were unlocked. A few books, which reveal background information and factoids about characters and events in the game and in the 'Fables' graphic novels, could only be unlocked if you choose a certain action. I found the need to go back and replay certain scenes to unlock these books broke the pace and flow of the story. (It might not have been as big a problem for players who played this game as each episode was released, and not all five episodes at one go.)As much as I enjoyed 'The Walking Dead: Season Two', I actually prefer 'The Wolf Among Us'. Subject matter and genre preference aside, I found the former game a bit directionless, but all events and decisions in 'The Wolf Among Us' all worked up to the gripping climax that paid off handsomely. I look forward to a second season of this game."
,Recommended,250320,13571839,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,King Vegeta,"You are the Big Bad Wolf. AKA Bigby Wolf.  You're the appointed Sheriff of Fable Town, New York.  A severed head is left on your Apt. stoop one night and you have to find out who done it.  And so it begins...This is a point & click adventure game based on the Fables graphic novel series, and it's a damn good one at that.You go through the game making tough decisions on how to treat other Fables around you during your investigation.  Either treat them with compassion, or beat the living crap out of them. Each decision is time based so you have to choose quickly and wisely. The story is mostly the same either way, but it can effect certain situations such as how people see you and react toward you.  It also effects the story's ending.The game goes through chapters, 5 in total like watching a TV series complete with credits and a preview for the next chapter at the end of every episode.  There's lots of replay value here as well since going through each chapter in a certain way can have different outcomes.Every scene is superbly voice acted and very well animated, with only minor glitches every now and then in some animations and sometimes lip syncing will miss a beat.  The only major glitch I've seen is when the story transitions through to the next scene but some parts of the cutscene & dialog choices are missing and are shown as ""THIS OPTION IS BLANK"".  This occurs when playing it for a long period of time & usually happens after the game saves.  A simple game restart fixes the issue.If you like point & click games or just want a game with a great story and lots of player choices definately pick this one up.  Even if you don't like P&C games you'll probably still enjoy this one."
,Recommended,250320,20238406,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,cHiCkEn,"One word: wow.I loved this game.I've read all the comic books before, and playing this just threw me back into the world of Fables.The story is awesome, the atmosphere is tense, the art style is raw yet clean and beautiful.I loved every single minute of this game and would LOVE to see more episodes of this.If you haven't read the comics, i sugest you read them, they are pretty great just like this game.This was my first Telltale game, but probably not my last...Only small downside was that I couldn't seem to rebind any controls, that wouldve been nice.Other then that, its all positive... I really can't think of any negatives...9.9/10 for me. Loved it from beginning to end."
76561197990766081,Recommended,250320,7515059,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Grendel,Very cool atmosphere and story if you like point and click story type games like The Walking Dead.
76561198017482176,Recommended,250320,10305557,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Mama Luigi,This has to be the BEST game by TellTale so far. Even better than The Walking Dead. :D
,Recommended,250320,33847051,Posted: 27 July,all,Dutchy,"Summary : Out of all the games Telltale has produced, this one is by far the best (alongside the first season of The Walking Dead). The Wolf Among Us is based onFables,a comic series describing the life of classic fairy tale characters and old folk stories; with a mature twist, of course. The story is interesting, albeit predictable at times. Characters are intriguing and are given new forms of depth through every episode. If you're looking for a great story and an enjoyable rollercoaster of an experience, congratulations, you found it.Score : 4.5 Bufkins out of 5 // 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,250320,33058309,Posted: 30 June,all,Aagion,"Who's afraid of the big bad wolf?The big bad wolf, the big bad wolf."
76561198075039778,Recommended,250320,10258922,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,THUNDA,"Really love the plot story of this game. Extremely well done creator. I do enjoy making a lot of difficult choices on what I think it is right to do. My rate towards this game is 9/10. The only down fall is that some of the episode aren't long enough - however, I still enjoy it."
,Recommended,250320,29551762,Posted: 28 January,all,✪ H2RO2,"Wolf-Among Us is a story driven, choice based game with a very unique style and an incredibly creative world (based on the Fables comics) you solve a mystery of the murdered Fables (fairy tale creatures under the guises of humans) and unravel some deep problems in the Fable community. And hold back wolf powers. Because you're Bigby, the Big Bad Wolf.Choices matter a little but not incredibly, but it's fun to be able to choose whether to be nice or mean while interrogating.And the art style is awesome, along with the voice acting.10/10"
76561198203145682,Recommended,250320,34299112,Posted: 16 August,all,Golly,"Really really good game. Great story, great gameplay. 10/10 on the Telltale scale.Its completely on the same level as TWD. Love the voice actors, can't wait until Season 2!"
76561198040538972,Recommended,250320,33956644,Posted: 1 August,all,karhu,"I thought Banshee was the culmination of ""there's a new sheriff in town"" meme, but then I played The Wolf Among Us and ripped guy's arm off during a bar fight."
76561198038918113,Recommended,250320,12877908,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Blackheart,"OverviewIn modern day New York, supernatural beings and exiles from another world called Fables live hidden from the humans of the mundane world. You play as Bigby Wolf (the Big Bad Wolf), Sheriff of Fabletown, charged with upholding the law and keeping the Fables out of sight of the 'mundies'. Despite Bigby's efforts at changing his ways he remains in the minds of most Fables, a terrifying devourer of pigs and little girls.Pros:-Another highly stylish interactive story from Telltale.-The characterisation of the Fables is great, quite often subverting your expectations of familiar figures from legend and nursery rhymes. Trying to guess exactly which mythical creature or character you are dealing with as Bigby consistently keeps you on your toes.-Very strong visual aesthetic and some great voice acting.-Colin the PigCons:-Once again lacklustre programming by Telltale is guaranteed to cause you some grief. Where 'Walking Dead' frequently failed to import save data from episode to episode, 'Wolf Among Us' too often fails to loadanydialogue options, giving you a choice of four blank speech bubbles to choose from and requiring a reload and sometimes lengthy replay from the previous checkpoint.-The ending to 'Walking Dead - Series One' was absolutely brilliant and elevated the entire series. The ending to 'Wolf Among Us' is IMHO cheap, gimmicky and disappointing.-This in one of those games/stories where the main character never really seems in any real danger.. no matter how dangerous the situation. It is really noir-lite rather than a genuinely dark, noir-ish detective thriller - although this might be a plus if the grueling and frankly depressing slog of 'Walking Dead' was a bit much for you.-Not enough Colin the Pig.Bottom LineIf you have to choose only one Telltale game, get 'Walking Dead' but I would  nonetheless recommend 'Wolf Among Us'."
,Recommended,250320,32648750,Posted: 22 June,all,Fishbones,"""Everyone knows you. Big Bad Wolf. Now I'm the bad guy and you're Sheriff. What kinda ♥♥♥♥in' world is that, huh?""One of Telltale's greatest hits. Brilliant, well written, and incredibly stylish. The year is 1986, you are Sheriff Bigby Wolf, fomerly the Big Bad Wolf, who tries to keep various Fables from killing each other. Bigby suddenly gets caught up in a mysterious murder of a Fable and now has to uncover the giant web of lies hidden benath Fabletown. This game gives you multiple ways to play, such as playing nice, or being constantly violent and rude. When it comes down to it, this game is incredible, but not perfect by any means.PROS:-Amazing style, a darkly colored 80s noir leaves the game aging well in a visual standpoint-Amazing voice acting-Interesting premise, the fairy tales we all know growing up have all been caught in the sprawl of New York City and all the characters have dark flaws to them.-Every episode is well written-Choose how you play, play as a nice guy, or a true big bad wolf?-The episode changes based on your choices, so you won't see everything first timeCONS:-Bugs are still very present such as the infamous ""This choice is blank!"" glitch-Episode 2 has an interrogation scene which becomes very odd how Telltale calculates it. Certain choices you make in certain parts calculates if you tortured them or if you were nice to them, it becomes very frustrating-Sound hiccups and animation pauses breaks immersion a bitTo conclude, the Wolf Among Us is a must for any Telltale fan. It's by far their darkest game and one their best. I highly reccomend you give this one a shot.VERDICT: 9/10"
,Recommended,250320,7910388,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Darthorn,"Telltale games did it again! This time it's another comic book series, named ""Fables"" by Vertigo. Me myself haven't read the comics yet, but I don't feel lost in the game as setting in this game is set before the 1st issue of the comic. Like other games by Telltale, player choices make a huge impact in this game. The choices this time is not about survival like ""the walking dead"", but it is to solve a mystery, so you really need to think before making a choice. And the suspense in this game is so good that I can't wait for episoe 2 to come!"
,Recommended,250320,32625040,Posted: 21 June,all,üro,Very cool story. The only downside is that speech is sometimes delayed and cut off at the end.
76561198161345793,Recommended,250320,26370415,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,memes,"One of my favorite games of all time. The end ♥♥♥♥s you up and I'm really, really hoping they make a season 2.its a 9.5/10 because of the vagueness of some decisions, but all in all, a MUST buy for anyone who enjoys a thrilling story with a great conclusion."
76561198014888992,Recommended,250320,24134156,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,paalrosen,I was more attached to the characters of the first season of the walking deadBut the story is goodthe music is goodlove the graphicsAn entertaining game that is both relaxing and exciting at the same timehighly recommended
,Recommended,250320,13091461,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,PixelDaddy,"I started playing The Wolf Among Us with no preconceptions of any kind. I'd read no reviews, had not talked to my friends about it or read any of the comics. I bought it because of the strength of Telltale's other adventure game.This made the experience quite a surprise, especially to start with - hookers and talking frogs etc! I loved the neon, purple art style and the music. A very fresh and stylish game with some interesting twists and decisions to make. The quick time event combat sections were very hit and miss for me, some were intense and entertaining but others felt a bit shallow and unnecessary.I really enjoyed the detective elements of the game although at points the story or game mechanics would undermine that factor. To summerise my feelings about the game, it's was a fun ride that I'm pleased to have experienced. Original, well written and with great visual style but it wasn't edge of your seat stuff and although there were some difficult decisions and a few emotional moments it wasn't quite up to the same standard as Telltales Walking Dead series.7/10"
,Recommended,250320,16691920,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Prune Juice,Best story driven game I have ever played!
,Recommended,250320,16690996,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Xphile,"This is an excellent game and story. You'll be given a lot of choices, and these choices matter. Add a huge pile of interesting and fun characters, and you have a recipe for a game that people will remember. I've played a lot of RPGs, but this one will be unforgettable."
,Recommended,250320,16690770,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[PlanB] RenegadeRising,"I just finished season 1 (all content as of right now) and I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the Telltale style of games. I picked up this on a whim having no prior exposure to the Fables world but I thought the idea of a murder mystery set with fabled characters sounded interesting and wasn't disappointed. It definitely had the feel of a noir detective story (minus the noir ambiance), but with a fun twist of being essentially a werewolf detective.The narrative is excellent, as nothing is black or white with any of the choices and I found myself putting more of my own feelings into my choices and actions. The game confronts you with issues of poverty and bureaucracy, ends justifying means, crime in the name of survival, as well as revenge versus justice versus law.I have one major complaint and one minor, so the major one first:Nearly all of the choices are timed, which I think is a good thing as it forces you to make instinctual instead of calculated decisions which make a better experience in my opionion EXCEPT often times the timer is ticking away while the person you are talking to is still speaking. It's difficult to respond to a question that hasn't been asked yet. This could be for the pacing and cinema feel that they wanted to give each episode, but breaking immersion with a brief pause versus breaking it with the frustration of picking a choice I didnt want I think would be the lesser of the two evils.Now for the minor complaint. It's difficult to find a decent stopping point when you arent at the end of a chapter (sub-division of an episode). I found myself re-playing a couple segments because last time I played I needed to stop abruptly and couldn't put in the extra 20-30 mins to get to the next chapter end for a decent place to stop. Thankfully, I only had to repeat about 10 minutes of gameplay which also served as a plot refresher so no big deal.TL;DR Great story and themes that made me think, minor gameplay compaints that did not really hurt the overall experience"
76561198007659786,Recommended,250320,16690531,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Killuminati,"Telltale does it again!  Great storyline,  tough choices,  killer voice acting,  and excellent artwork.  If you like their format for visual novels/games then I can't see anything else here that one would dislike.I also noticed that I only had one instance of making a narrative choice that was taken out of context.  I had a small amount of frustration with certain narrative choices in The Walking Dead series that were the complete opposite of my intended path.  Not because I didn't like where they led me but because if someone were to say the same thing in a different tone would mean the difference between an argumentative stance versus a conciliatory interaction.  Thus leading me and my minor case of OCD to repeat the whole chapter to get the intended conversational outcome.Regardless,  I can't say enough good things about this studios products and of those I own (Wolf Among Us and The Walking Dead)  I enjoyed every minute.  Next up for me will be Game of Thrones and Tales from the Borderlands."
76561198196492893,Recommended,250320,18440233,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,andrew.icie,"Fantastic. It's so immersive I totally forgot about work, food, sleep and bathroom for the first time in 30 years. Worth every penny.(Sorry, have to go get some sleep now)."
76561197995257406,Recommended,250320,27422609,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gishmibop,This game made me immediately want to buy and play it's sequel/s.  Than I got sad because nobody's heard about this game and it doesn't have one :(
76561198329384538,Recommended,250320,28968610,Posted: 2 January,all,AloofLeader1497,"This is a beast game. Awesome story, great characters and brutal gore. Full of mysteries and surprises. I hope Telltale makes a sequel to this."
,Recommended,250320,17999196,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,heybabyxxx,"Although I present some cons, this is a great interactive story and it's highly recommended if you enjoy this kind of thing. (But I still prefer the firts season of ""The Walking Dead"".)Pros:+ Very well written, acted and designed.+ Great music, as usual with Jared Emerson-Johnson.+ Cool extras.+ Mature. There's even a little nudity.+ Nicefinal battle with Bloody Mary.+ The ending is a rarecliffhanger that is not frustrating.+ I'll definitely play Season 2 and read the comics by Bill Willingham.Cons:- Very linear, with little variation and replayability.- Not very heartbreaking, because decisions are not tough. In my playthrough, sometimes the same choice I made was made by almost 95% of the other players!- Although the game is not very short (it took me more time to finish it than ""The Walking Dead - Season 2""), it feels rushed in the late episodes.- Too much button mashing.- I miss solving puzzles."
,Recommended,250320,13842643,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[OC]Wooderson,"The Wolf Among Us is a great point and click adventure game from Telltale games. There is a lot of good aspects to this game that deserve mentioning. Bigby Wolf is a great protagonist who feels genuinely torn between the people he cares about and his position as Sheriff of Fable town. The cast of characters is varied and full of familiar names, but with new fresh personalities that have to cope with real-word problems. Fable town as a setting is a fully realized world that feels believable and full of interesting locations. The Wolf Among Us has a strong storyline that contains a few twist and turns along the way. The art direction is top notch with vibrant colors filling in the cel-shaded comic book style that Telltale commonly uses. The intro movie has a great 80's film noir feel with a fantastic musical theme that really sets the mood for what follows. The Wolf Among Us has a lot going for it and the examples above are just some of my personal favorites.It is only appropriate to mention the bad after pointing out so much good. Well truth be told the Wolf Among Us doesn’t really have a “bad” aspect to the game. Instead there are just a couple of things I would of liked to seen executed differently mainly concerning gameplay and the weight of your decisions. First off this is a detective story and I wish the gameplay could have been designed to require some thought provoking problem solving. Instead you simple click on every selectable option in the room or exhaust all dialog options then move on. I just feel this would have been a great opportunity to tweak Telltales traditional point and click adventure into something even more engaging. Sadly my biggest complaint is a personal one and simply a matter of opinion. I have to compare the Wolf Among Us to the Walking Dead Season 1 to make my point. So please forgive me for comparing apples to oranges. In the Walking Dead there was moments of horror induced disbelief at what had just taken place, and terribly hard choices that had to be made (Duck, Katjaa, Larry, Carley/Doug, the Attic, Kenny, Lee). You wondered if there was anything you could of done to stop these events from happening. You could not help but feel responsible and had to deal with some of the emotional repercussions for your decisions. In the Wolf Among Us there is a few instances where you empathize with the residents of Fable town, but these are just passing moments with little to no regret on the players part. None of these scenes carry the weight and sadness evoked in my before mentioned examples.The Wolf Among Us is one of the greatest point and click adventure games Telltale has made. A slick presentation and atmosphere that is unique. Telltale storytelling that no one seems to be capable of replicating. Most importantly the Wolf Among Us has one of the most interesting cast in a games today.   It is not perfect, that’s true, but a its not broke so why fix it approach to gameplay is a logical stance. As well as, do we really want Bigby  becoming a less meaningful character in an attempt to duplicate Lee persona from the Walking Dead. The answer for me is no. Bigby Wolf stands alone as memorable protagonist in his own right and he stands very tall! So take a day off from the “mundane” and head to Fable town you never know what stories you may uncover."
,Recommended,250320,32804979,Posted: 26 June,all,Save the Queen,I fell in love with this world and its characters. I was sad when the game ended. Criminally underrated.
76561198355322077,Recommended,250320,33053674,Posted: 30 June,all,AlbertXD CSGOGem.com,i like the game becouse the story is very interesting
76561198082939097,Recommended,250320,9805546,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,[MARAQ] BOBwaz911,It's a really good game so far I can't wait for the next to
,Recommended,250320,21745338,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Th4ts_iT,Telltale Games games are always awesome - I suppose.I played three titles so far and I was impressed.The Wolf Among Us does not play in my typical setting. Anyway it cought me so that I played through it in two days.Telltale Games games are rich of story and so is this game. It's catchy and easy to follow.Don't wait to buy this game if you already liked a Telltale Games game or just like cool stories.
76561198219291596,Recommended,250320,34090135,Posted: 7 August,all,Wynill,"The Wolf Among UsAwesome game that make you shape the story, and does it perfectly. The whole game is mysterious, kind of dark and very atmospheric, with a soundtrack that makes it all an amazing experience. You really care about what you say and do, because maybe ""you're not as bad as everyone says you are"". I'm surely gonna play this game again, recommended."
,Recommended,250320,33753829,Posted: 23 July,all,Trinquity,"This game is the one of the best games I have played so far. The story, decissive points, the feeling of action is remarkable. I can say that, designers of this game has mad something. Creating a whole new setting from fairy tales, redesigned characters, they all so good. I can recomend this game to everyone even the ones who doesn't like action adventure games must try this game."
,Recommended,250320,20014851,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nyemia,"Pretty addictive, and it made me read the actual comic book series (Fables).As it always happens with Telltale games, the points go to the story, not the gameplay. Not hugely interactive, and choices do not make as much impact as you'd hope so.Lots of action, noir style, and a mystery that will make you want to keep playing it until the impressive ending."
,Recommended,250320,13174295,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,General Kass,"I wasn't sure about the Fables setting when I went into this game, but I'm glad I played it.Another one of Telltale's delightful graphic novels. I say that because they aren't adventure games anymore. Since the last two episodes of the Walking Dead Season 2, there have been no puzzles in the the Telltale Games. You might move around for a while, but overwhelmingly, the Wolf Among Us takes place in dialouge and quick time events. Even in the first 20 minutes of the first episode, you only get control of your character's movement twice and even then only for a few seconds. The characters are locked onto very stiff rails and although there's a lot of pointing and clicking on various options. Even in the very few investigations, the game solves the problems for you. It would be like in LA Noire if you picked up a piece of evidence and immediatley knew how and why it was connected to the case.Like the Walking Dead Series, no choice you make really matters for more than a few seconds, but the story stands tall and strong on its own, which makes this game well worth playing.  The great thing about storys in a fantasy setting is that plotholes are usually patched up by magic and Wolf Among Us makes very good use of its magic, leaving only a few massive potholes right at the finale, which is honestly disappointing.I also want to say that it sounds like Telltale really wanted John DiMaggio to play Bigby Wolf, as you can sometimes hear the character drop into a Marcus Fenix/Bulletstorm Grayson Hunt type voice. It's actually kind of distracting.Regardless, the Wolf Among Us is great fun to watch and to play.  Its story kept me emotionally invested and its characters kept me interested in every moment inbetween."
76561197995816364,Recommended,250320,11328842,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dargok,Very entertaining game. The overall plotline is inriguing and provokes some thought with the points they are conveying. The gameplay is an interactive movie with some quick-time events.Sit back and enjoy the ride. 9.5/10
76561198003141223,Recommended,250320,13156530,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Lee King Snatch,A Masterpiece in story telling to say the least.
76561198011195598,Recommended,250320,24258643,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Gruntzo,good game but grendel isn't played by crispin glover.
,Recommended,250320,28818614,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Robb Stark,"Maybe worth for $25.00 but i got it for $6.25 so i'd say i'm incredibly lucky and happy to own this game for that price. Although some choices do not matter,making a decision is actually important. There have been moments which i'm like ""NOO why did i do this!"" and there are moments like ""Nailed it!"" This is a dope♥♥♥♥♥game. Each epsiode is about 1.5 hours,and you won't even know that time is passing. It has action aswell. The story is exciting and it ALWAYS keeps me at the edge of my seat with mindblowing plot twists. Telltale continues to impress!Should you get this for $25?ehhh i'm not sure about that.During a sale?Hell yea!**I completed the game**"
,Recommended,250320,16668804,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Greven,Nice graphics. Cool and innovative characters.
76561198040485370,Recommended,250320,7798477,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TheCoyote,"Both fans of the comics and those who have never heard of Fables will enjoy this game. This is a story-driven noir murder mystery with a very cool undertone of ancient magic and old legends - some classic storybook and others more obscure.The game is played entirely through dialogue options and quicktime events, with a little bit of point-and-click, but a puzzle game this is not. The gameplay is more of a device to progress the story and learn more about the characters than fun on its own, but the writing is good enough that you'll want to keep playing just to hear more of it.I greatly enjoyed the first episode, and have played it through a few times, changing up my actions and getting a different story each time.Every decision you make that will affect the story whether minor or major is noted in the corner (eg. you pick up a matchbook, a notice says  'You'll have that later.' or you act a certain way with another character and the game will tell you 'He'll remember that'.). I can attest to this game's replayability, just to see what will happen when I do something different at a crucial point. I found I had to play through it again and again, anticipating the next episode.My favorite parts were the moments when the characters, particularly the player character Bigby Wolf, get shockingly cool. Near the end of Ep. 1, Bigby does something so tough and awesome, I was yelling 'YEAH! Get em, Wolf!' at my screen while tapping buttons. If you didn't think that the playful characters you read about in picture books as a kid could be totally badass, you've been proven wrong.If you like mystery stories, well-written games and replayability, I'd reccomend this game."
,Recommended,250320,11140388,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,saikou,"Totally one of the best games during 2013-2014. Everything is so good with this game. The atmosphere, the characters and the graphics fit these kind of games so well. And of course, the story is so good. It is touchy and gore, but not as touchy as the first season of The Walking Dead game by the same creators, Telltale Games. Tho I can't say so much, I have only played until the half of episode 5. This game is totally a 9 out of 10 in my books and totally worth the money I spent on it. Really hope Telltale makes another hit like this one and The Walking Dead series in the near future. Totally looking forward to play another episodic point and click game!"
,Recommended,250320,23982496,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Holty,Telltale do make some really fun games.
,Recommended,250320,17502606,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Calystegia,"The first 2 episodes got me intrigued and wanted to play more, but I felt it end up a bit flat. Regardless, it's still fun and worth the price."
,Recommended,250320,16705117,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,P1GM4N234,woof
,Recommended,250320,34315656,Posted: 17 August,all,Vic Vinegar,"This is easily in my top 10 games ever list, maybe even top 5. Even at the full price, this game is absolutely worth playing. I look forward to Season 2 in 2018!"
,Recommended,250320,33703611,Posted: 21 July,all,corv0,"One of the 3 best Telltale games for now (the 2 others : Walking Dead S1 and Tales of Borderlands).The main problem, is that there is lot of ""fake"" choice who doesn't have any impact on the story. To make player having feeling more of playing a game than just watching a movie, I guess....It take 9 hours to finish it, but to complete the success, u will have to finish replay 1 or 2 times with different choices."
,Recommended,250320,24212060,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,mrzs,"So far the best adventure detective game I have ever played in my life. Guys from Telltale Games really know how to do a perfect game with perfect story and perfect voice-acting. It's true that the animations aren't the best, but with such a good story, it doesn't matter at all. I didn't want to buy this game until Sumer Sales, because I think the price of this game is a little bit high. But when the game was on -50% sale, I didn't hesitate a second. And I don't regret it at all. I'm happy I bought this masterpiece and I hope there will be another game like this. Thank you, Telltale Games, for  such an amazing experience."
76561198064999409,Recommended,250320,7871605,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,odester,"This game is awesome. It's like the Walking Dead game combined with Grimm's Fairy Tales. The Graphics, art style, and framerate are good and the story is VERY compelling. Another thing I like is that there are significantly less characters than in the Walking Dead, giving each one more focus."
,Recommended,250320,13536526,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nessa,one of the best tell tale games ever
76561198046781319,Recommended,250320,13377587,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AnzyVee,"Enjoyable point and click, not my favourite from TellTale but a decent game nonetheless; maybe if I had played it before playing walking dead season 1 I would have thought more of it."
76561198328146708,Recommended,250320,26347942,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Starklover91,truely a fantastic story. ive never read any of the fables comics so i stayed away from this game for a long time. what i expected was a childish story about a werewolf playing sherrif with some woodland creatures. what i got was very very differant. would recommend 1000 times over.
,Recommended,250320,16848836,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Wraithfyre,"Becuase this game has been reviewed in a positive and beaming light so many times, I'll forego discussing its pros and cons and instead depart my impression of the experience.A gruff man who took the mantle of the only authority in a beat-up city that can enforce the law had me sold off the bat, but mixing it with a sincere backstory of his attempt to redeem himself throughout the murder mystery itself was honestly the best canon I could've hoped for in a game like this.The moral options that you're given in this game can really surprise you with their outcome; quite a few of them have no serious repurcussions such as taking money from Georgie's safe, Crane's coat pocket, the package at the Tweedles' office, etc. I found it great, because it can really help you decide what kind of moral road you'll be taking through the game by deciding what you'd do when no one's looking or going to burn you for it.This is the kind of character development anyone should crave if you seek moral development and/or redemption in a relatable setting.SPOILER BELOWI haven't seen any reviews that mention it yet, but I'm almost positive this game mind♥♥♥♥ed me in the end. Here's why:When Nerissa begins to walk away in the epilogue, Bigby begins remembering all the things she's said that were almost identical to what Faith said in the first chapter. All because of the phrase ""you're not as bad as they say you are.""It's incredible to think that Nerissa, who lied to incriminate and convict the Crooked Man, claims to have placed Faith's head at the Woodlands entrance, and claims to have sold out and watched Faith die, is heavily hinted to either be Faith or somehow an alternate version of her or something. After all, Swineheart never gave results on Faith's body. No one knows what ended up happening to the Donkeyskin Coat. She also refused to take the ribbon off.The biggest hint of all for me was the fact that when other characters such as Lily and the Crooked Man would ask for your initial motive, you always had the option (which I always took) to say that it was all for Faith. That's just too big to ignore. Regrettably, I didn't save Prince Lawrence in my plathrough, so I don't know if and what that alters."
,Recommended,250320,10690620,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,UncleDrax,"The cast names you might know from happy-go-lucky Di$ney animation.. but this story is not family friendly.If you like Comic-book/Graphic-novel inspired point-and-click Adventure games that are not aimed at kids, you will like this."
76561198089551135,Recommended,250320,25481286,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,AeroVic,MIRROR MIRROR ON THE WALLWHEN THE ♥♥♥♥ IS SEASON TWO GONNA BE RELEASED?IF AT ALL
,Recommended,250320,14211689,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[LKP] W0LF,"The Wolf Among Us is a great game, with a great neo-noir story.If you like story oriented games, I can recommend this to you.It also has a same kind of gameplay as in The Walking Dead games as they both are made by Telltale Games, so if you liked the way TWD is played, this one might just be to your liking."
76561198081564401,Recommended,250320,12870691,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,bigus dickus,great story and fun to play
,Recommended,250320,13755549,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,archcorenth,Absolutely magnificent.
76561198143645934,Recommended,250320,34990290,Posted: 16 September,all,MamboJambo,No regrets buying this game. Its story is amazing.
,Recommended,250320,16400194,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DwarvenKiwi,"I wished there were more episodes or more ""The Wolf Among Us"" games because 5 episodes it is just really not enough for this kind of good story !Really like to watch this as a tv show too but we already have "" once upon a time""... still maybe we can get this one in the future? hope so..."
76561198021687520,Recommended,250320,7769462,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,m_thegeek,You can't go wrong with Fables.
76561198052338540,Recommended,250320,18424446,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,VLAD,Awsome game 9/10
,Recommended,250320,16767778,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Shammy,"I'm going to keep this short, because if I write anything longer than a paragraph I'm not going to be able to stop talking about this game.I didn't expect to like this game as much as I did. The characters, story, world... Everything. I loved all of it. The gameplay is your bog-standard Telltale interactive story stuff, but I found this setting so much more interesting than the setting of The Walking Dead. Just finished my first playthrough, currently looking into buying all of the Fables graphic novels just so I can spend some more time in that world. The animation is sub-par at times, but it's really saved by the artstyle and direction. If you like this style of game, or hell, if you like a good story, you owe it to yourself to pick this one up."
,Recommended,250320,29401798,Posted: 21 January,all,Mario Dan,English:Good and enjoyable graphic adventure. Not much to say without spoiling you... i only will say you will enjoy this more is you know some fables/fairy tales. ;)Español:Muy buena y entretenida aventura gráfica. No mucho que decir sin hacer spoiler... pero solo dire que se puede disfrutar este juego más si sabes un poco sobre cuentos de hadas. ;)
,Recommended,250320,34838908,Posted: 9 September,all,Venator Daemoni,"The Wolf Among Us is by far one of the best games ever made. After playing through the game on multiple consoles and now PC I can say that, without a doubt it has great replay value. If you haven't played this game and are trying to consider it. Just give it a shot, I promise it is worth it."
,Recommended,250320,16589844,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DraDe,This game is amazing.10/10The story really just...
,Recommended,250320,28841655,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nymesis,"Graphics -  love them, absolutely adore them. I'm so much into this comic-ish kind of style, it fits so much and gives this game a unique feeling. The music was intruiging, and I really enjoy it's main theme. As for the playstyle it's really just like any other Telltale game except I had the feeling I had a little more time for the quicktime-events (aah, I hate them nonetheless!) and the choices here (the choices didn't seem too difficult in this game).As for the games plot: I have to admit that I don't really know anything about Fables - the comics that this game is based on but I had no difficulties jumping right into story. I think it tries to explain everything as far as it needs to, and tbh I do consider reading the comics now as I'm fairly interested in the world of these characters. The plot all-in-all was a little predictable but that doesn't make it a bad one, there were some small twists - not exceptionally big ones, but I enjoyed the pace and the setting of the story whatsoever. The antagonists were a less one-dimensional than expected.Recommended - one of my personal favourites."
76561198125526316,Recommended,250320,32886106,Posted: 27 June,all,Bojack Horseman,I played this game. It's sooooooooooooooo ♥♥♥♥ing good I just want to ♥♥♥♥ the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Snow White. And Bigbys all like rawr and growl and the towns like ooooooo ima a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and Im scared of you. You should always kill everyone you can in the game and be a♥♥♥♥♥♥like I inturuppted a funeral and got the people shot. GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ READING THE REVIEW GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD♥♥♥♥♥GAME.
76561198189870323,Recommended,250320,34764302,Posted: 5 September,all,trishandfamily,"This is without a doubt the best game I've ever played! The story was captivating, the graphics are incredible and I love the choose your own adventure type gameplay. You could play again and again and have a different experience every time."
76561198285720427,Recommended,250320,31603814,Posted: 7 May,all,449544678,"This is the most thought provoking and the best written game I have ever played, not just among telltale adventure type games, but among all game genres i'd say. It's a bit pity and sorry that this game are not known to many people. I understand it for not many people have time to play it through to the ending and consider replaying it. But, this game really worth a trying. To be honest, I played it first time about two years ago and stopped at episode 2 for one year. But after finishing the whole game I finally find this a master piece. The walking dead, the tales from the borderlands and the wolf among us bring me so many happy and meaningful hours. I'd like to say thank you."
76561198038292440,Recommended,250320,33659254,Posted: 19 July,all,Larry David,"This game is just fantastic, best telltale game to date."
,Recommended,250320,16362135,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Stuner,"This is probably the best telltale game to date. It offers a great interactive story, if you are willing to accept the strange characters of Fabletown."
,Recommended,250320,19648321,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,keri.dwen,"Another great game from Telltale, a must play if you're a fan!8/10"
76561197963277588,Recommended,250320,11298182,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,nottimgostling42,Fantastic game from start to finish. Highly recommend!
,Recommended,250320,11176348,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,CriticKitten,"Whether or not you like this game is going to boil down to one simple question: How much are you willing to pay for quality story writing?  Because at its core, that's what Telltale Games is offering.  Without a doubt, this is a truly excellent interactive story which is a hell of a blast from beginning to end.  I can't emphasize enough that the story is really, really good, a bright star in a sea of darkness that is AAA story writing.But (and this is where people will chew me out): That's all there is, a great story.  And for some people, that's enough.  But this sort of game is not for everyone.The game is composed entirely of walk-around segments where you look for clues that are relatively easy to find, and QTE segments which are relatively easy to beat.  I've never been a great detective, but when the game makes it as easy as these ones do, I don't feel like I need to be all that smart to figure out what's going on.  I'm also a terrible button masher and I'm even worse at QTEs, and I still beat every QTE sequence with very little struggle to speak of, and never once died.  It is an outright challenge just to die in this game.There is also relatively little in terms of ""length"" in this game.  As of this post, I have logged about 16 hours.  Of those, perhaps 10 were honest gameplay.  The rest were either moments when I left the computer running while doing errands, was forced to reload segments due to dialogue bugs, or was purposely rewinding to finish my Book of Fables achievements.  The game will not keep you playing for very long, unless you don't mind going through the same story multiple times even after you know the ending.And that would be less of a problem if there were replay value, but there is effectively none to speak of.  Telltale's tagline that ""your choices matter"" doesn't extend nearly as far as you'd like it to.  Certainly, there are actions, and there are consequences, but they are not as significant as the game makes them appear.  There are NPCs you can save, but their role is relatively minor from that point on.  There are parts where you can be a total prick (I was) and go around mauling and killing, and it'll result in only minor changes to a few lines of dialogue here and there.  There are locations that you can choose from, but oftentimes you'll end up visiting both locations anyways, and the only ""changes"" will be minor ones.  The story is effectively set in stone and there's pretty much nothing you can do to change its course.  The sole reason to go back and replay any segments is to unlock alternate Book of Fables entries, which I did on a few occasions.Now I should reiterate what I said earlier.  This is not a bad game.  The story is excellent, and for what it's worth, I had fun while playing it.  I would even go so far as to say that, for the $12.50 I paid for it, this game effectively gave me my money's worth.  So I want to make that perfectly clear before people get on my case.But with that said....this sort of game is very polarizing in the gaming community for a reason, and I can't in good conscience tell all my friends that this is a ""must-buy"" game, because it isn't.  It's a fantastic story, but as a game, it has weaknesses that will turn some people off.  This game is great for people who want a great story experience with minimal, very forgiving gameplay, and obviously for fans of any previous Telltale game.  This game is definitely not for people who don't care much for story, or for people who want serious and/or less forgiving gameplay, or for people who (in general) buy a game expecting countless hours of gameplay.CONCLUSION (TL;DR):Buying this game, as with all Telltale games, is effectively like purchasing a book with some gameplay attached to it, where the only real ""replay value"" is in reading the story again.  And if that's okay with you, this is definitely a worthy pickup at pretty much any price.  If it's not, this is probably not the title for you."
,Recommended,250320,21093120,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Herostratus,"Well worth a single playthrough, I enjoyed it a massive amount.Just... never try replaying it. It'll ruin the illusion that anything you choose to say actually affects anything, as you hear the other conversants give the same response no matter what you say."
,Recommended,250320,11025596,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,dead acc pls find new one,Punched someone in the face for not liking my ciggerete brand.
76561198043715371,Recommended,250320,35164681,Posted: 23 September,all,Wozzi Bot,How I would imagine a choose your own story movie to be.  Great story to watch through and participate in.
,Recommended,250320,35249197,Posted: 27 September,all,offlineweebject,I love this game and can't wait for the sequel. ♡
,Recommended,250320,11454790,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jinset,"This game had one of the most unique themes ever and the story was just absolutley fantastic, I hope to see a season 2 or second game made in the the future. 10/10"
76561198074322157,Recommended,250320,32799162,Posted: 25 June,all,Cute Girl,"In my 100% honest opinion, this is possibly one of the greatest games ever thought of. The design is flawless. The character build-up is by far the best I have seen in any game. Every character has a backstory that helps the Sheriff, Bigby, The Big Bad Wolf connect pieces of his investigation together. Just when you think you solved the case, your back at square one because everything is just a small gear in a big moving machine. The choices define what Fabletown will think of you and determine the outcome of the story. If you don't know whether to buy this game or not, buy it. It's worth your time."
,Recommended,250320,33681953,Posted: 20 July,all,Barbarooshipi,"One of the best Telltale games out there. Wolf among us is a joy to play with an awesome soundtrack, art style, narrative and mutli choice gameplay we've come to know and love with Telltale games.So excited it's getting a season 2."
,Recommended,250320,35323291,Posted: 29 September,all,Dahir,"More drama than a Lifetime special, more twists than an M. Night Shyamalan movie"
,Recommended,250320,20250818,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Louis,"TWAU is a Detective RPG set in the small community of Fabletown, in Bronx, New York. You play as Sheriff Bigby Wolf (Big Bad Wolf), and you serve a community of fables including Beauty & Beast, Snow White, Ichabod Crane, The Woodsman and many more. There has been a spate of murders, and it is your job to uncover the culprit, while connecting with and helping fables along the way too.Pros:Great VisualsBest Colour Use EVER!!!Lots of speech optionsA wide variety of likeable charactersGreat Connection Between CharactersBrilliant Fighting MechanicsKeeps you Alert at all timesCons:Lots of Pointless DialogueSmall Amount of Open World PlaytimeChoices come back to Haunt you either wayIn all, I would reccommend this game to more or less anyone. Furthermore, I rate it: 8/10"
76561197990075035,Recommended,250320,20630637,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Shambling GoatMother,This is a really well put together comic book based adventure! I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Fantasy and/or read the Fables graphic novels!
,Recommended,250320,11138181,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ozzi,"Great game - great storyline, I really like the art style."
,Recommended,250320,19055097,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Randy_Butternubs,"This game is really good, the story and the characters are really well fleshed out, and the drama and the choices don't feel as forced as I felt they were in The Walking Dead. The QTE's are also much less annoying than in other games of this type."
76561198026362756,Recommended,250320,29506333,Posted: 26 January,all,Angfucious,"This isn't the first Telltale game I have played, but it is one of the best!  Not much to say about this one except buy it, and play the game.  It was AMAZING."
76561198001704814,Recommended,250320,10697755,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Muleskinner,"You can beat the hell out of people as ""The Big Bad Wolf"" and ""The Little Mermaid"" is a h00ker."
76561198127922045,Recommended,250320,27360947,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sbg1060,vote best use of farm animal just for the pig guy
76561198038468338,Recommended,250320,11022685,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Black Hoxton,open game to find the most kickass sound track in the main menu10/10 Would buy again
76561198038298371,Recommended,250320,9979893,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,InvincibleZ,"Plays similar to The Walking Dead.  The graphics, decision making mechanics, and player control are all done in the familiar Telltale Games style, and it works for them.  Great intro into the FABLES series."
,Recommended,250320,10322818,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Reeku,Sexy wolfman that needs to take his shirt off more often.Oh also this game is great and if you disagree I'll throw you down the witching well.
,Recommended,250320,22731710,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sir Legar,PROS:+ Great storytelling.+ Great voice acting+ Believable characters.+ Lots of very clever twists.CONS:- First 1-2 chapters were somewhat more slow-paced and not that interesting for me.VERDICT:Telltales does it again. Good story.
,Recommended,250320,11080670,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,salamander,"Its been a long time since Ive come across a game I would recommend quite as readily and highly as I would this one.Like a handful of other reviewers, I dragged my feet about buying TWAU in particular because I wasnt an outspoken fan of The Walking Dead; personally I found TWDG to be very stressful--TOO stressful to be perfectly honest--to really enjoy my time playing it. However TWAU has just enough of that same suspense to keep you absolutely hooked but not so much that it feels like theres gonna be YET ANOTHER zombie jump scare after every choice.The art of the game is an absolute joy for the eyes--it has even more of that moving comic vibe and I adore it--it really creates and exagerrates the atmosphere perfectly.On top of all this the characters are sublime--no ones perfect, everyones just as frustrating at times as they are charming in others and so yer left with a fairly natural sense of interaction among them all."
76561198084101178,Recommended,250320,10848033,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Z3U$,best game EU
,Recommended,250320,12734135,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Roshi,"I will keep this review short.This is my first time playing this genre kinda game and more than a game its like a movie with some interactions from the player. Dont get me wrong, but if you are looking to do alot of ""stuff"" in the game then your not going to find it. But on the bright side it has a beautiful story with a consistent flow. The characters are so wonderful that I picked up the fable comics after playing this.The game last around 8-10 hours and you have replay option as you can make different choices.give this game a chance and it will reward you with a different experience."
76561198046546799,Recommended,250320,30415181,Posted: 9 March,all,AllyArra,"I'm not sure why, but The Walking Dead really sparked my interest in Telltale games. So naturally I wanted to play The Wolf Among Us too. And I liked it. I never got as emotionally attached to the story as with TWD, but it was good."
,Recommended,250320,14197681,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jaina Joestar,It's alright.
76561198097844568,Recommended,250320,13221376,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jensen,This game is reallyJohn snow dies at the end of the fifth season. He gets stabbed by his friendsRick kills shane in the walking dead.T-dog dies.This game is good 6/6
,Recommended,250320,8097843,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Shamar,The story kept me invested the entire first episode! I cant wait for the next four episodes to be released!
,Recommended,250320,7859074,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Твой Господин,A breathtaking experience of a red-blooded saga that will keep you awake and craving till the very end of it.
,Recommended,250320,12262491,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,FreakinZMartin,"Good story/gameplay, enjoyable and memorable characters, worth buying and playing. 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,250320,13034120,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,FN-2187,"This game was my first experience with the Telltale Game Genre. When I got this game I was a bit skeptical about Story Games and how much enjoyment you would be able to get out of them. However when I started it, I was pleasently surprised with how this game turned out. Right from the beginning you are thrown into a mysterious world with a thick plot. I was drawn in and before I knew it 5 hours had already passed and I was well and truly engrossed into the the happenings of Fabletown.""Just one more chapter and then i'll go to dinner, I just have to find out what happens next"".Turns out I missed dinner."
,Recommended,250320,22018712,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,dismay,"An interesting game from Telltale. This isn't said in a bad way either. I have never read the Fable stories so; this was a bizarre game for me when I first started playing it. Why was I talking to a talking frog? But, I adapted into the story, and setting and everything else went smoothly.I guessed the killer in episode one. So, the ending for me was an achievement (In a way), and personally have not felt this since L.A Noire. The story got me hooked within minutes of this game. The choices I made reflected on who I am, and in a sad way. Sometimes, you just need to do whats right, even if some people do not like it. Sounds familiar?The drawings could not be any better, the setting was perfect, and the guilt train goes by, cho-cho!I'm glad I purchased this game; now I'm just going to pull a glass of Wild Turkey and reflect on woes I caused on these NPCs. But I know, I made that city much safer.9/10"
76561198073052994,Recommended,250320,11141830,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Joneffs,Gr8 gaem m8. I r8 8.8/8.8
,Recommended,250320,10944226,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NoMuffinsLeft,Cigarette lighting simulator.10/10
,Recommended,250320,11148487,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,DaddyRussia,"When we talk about great universes and twisted story, first thing to think of is Fables. And this game is a perfect chapter of Fables.Everything here is perfect. Every piece of the game.The story is over, and so you can buy the game. But I'm not gonna forget those times when a new episode comes out.Story: 9.5\10. Seems like after ep1, Telltale has changed the story into different direction.Music: 10\10. Although you can here the same track twice, it fits the atmosphere just right.Design: 10\10. Hell, Telltales does know how to make noir right.By far, the best game in 2014."
,Recommended,250320,11187517,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Geri Halliwell,"In comparison to Walkind Dead's first season this game is less interactive that means a big plus to gameplay. Because a lot of interactivity distracts from the most important part of the game like this - plot. Wolf among us has a good action scenes, interesting characters (like Emma Watson a.k.a. Bloody Mary. and rapper The Game a.k.a. Georgie), and engaging detective story. But in the 8th of July, when I saw the ending.. I still can't understand what relation do I have to final. After the final of walking dead I expected to see something different. Anyway, I'm glad I have this game. Because I love noir and italo-disco-style art. And the artists made a really impressive work. One of the best game to follow the story when drinking whiskey and smoking pipe :)"
76561198038621836,Recommended,250320,10805212,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,WeedLordBoner Von Hitler,So good you will rip your♥♥♥♥♥♥off
76561198008768067,Recommended,250320,9770566,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Vonders,"Sale, yo!"
,Recommended,250320,9398806,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Lucky,Go get this game if you like fable stories. Its the best Telltale game.
,Recommended,250320,7364999,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Joel,"Oh boy.  Im loving this already.  I just finished episode one (the only episode out at the time) and I must say im VERY impressed.  The Walking Dead Comic book art style is fantasticly colorful and it just looks great all together.  This Game was made by TellTale Games The makers of Sam and Max and The Walking Dead The Game, both of which are Point and Click interactive storys and I loved the CRAP out of Sam and Max but saddely The Walking Dead was spoiled to me by my Idiotic Friend (THANKS KYLE) so I wasnt able to get as emotionaly invested into the story as I wanted to.  This game takes place in a Fairy Tale-esk world where the Fairytales have lives and jobs and stuff.  Its really stupid sounding at first but so far its well exicuted.  You play as The Big Bad Wolf or just Wolf as hes called and you solve crime (yay).  The charactars so far are kinda interesting (being the fairytale charactars you read in books as a kid you can kinda guess there personalities) and the story is (as odd as it sounds) very intreaging.  Imean your the BIG BAD WOLF FIGHTING CRIME!! WHERE CAN YOU GO WRONG!! hehe.  The comic book artstyle is as awesome as The Walking Deads and BETTER!  Im playing this DAY ONE when it came out so only episode 1 is available but by what ive seen its going to bee a nice ride.  Maybe not as nice as The Walking Dead (SCREW YOU KYLE) but fantastic nontheless :D"
,Recommended,250320,16528138,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mɑxiиe ✿,Love this game. ❤❤❤❤❤
76561198101339757,Recommended,250320,16871392,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Överdus,10/10 Just buy it!
,Recommended,250320,13508248,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mozilla Firefox,"NOTE: I don't know why it says I have less than an hour on record right now. I played this game almost all night over the holidays - I know I've invested way more time than ""0.7 hours"". My time must not be logging properly.In any case, this game is INCREDIBLE. The decisions I made actually mattered, and I was absolutely in love with the story from the get-go. Telltale Games did a phenomenal job with this piece, and I can't wait for the next one. This is the first game from Telltale Games that I have played, but I'm now absolutely hooked on their work. Moving on to The Walking Dead and Game of Thrones next, for sure.If you put a gun with a silver bullet to my head and demanded that I find something wrong with the game, I'd say that the glitch which erases your choices gets pretty annoying. There's an easy and quick fix for it, though (exiting to the main menu and then resuming from your checkpoint). It only happened to me twice during the time I spent playing the game, but it was a bit of a nuisance when it did occur. Kind of an immersion-breaker."
76561198054677719,Recommended,250320,12875071,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Moon Moon,da best
76561197979669400,Recommended,250320,24001549,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mr. Karate,1st playthrough: Good Guy2nd playthrough: jerk3rd playthrough: trying to be neutralALL PLAYTHROUGHS:♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!10/10
,Recommended,250320,20646530,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,-C0ZEN-,"The Wolf Among Us was for me pretty hard to finish.I played others Telltale games and that's the worst.I'm not saying that this game is bad, however the universe is kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥.The main character and his story is not very interesting.Nevertheless, I really enjoyed the fact that you can play as well as a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, an bored guy or an♥♥♥♥♥♥sucker.- I chose the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way, of course - .Well, if you like that kind of games you could play it too, however if you want to discover them don't try it at first."
,Recommended,250320,13154343,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Guardian Devil,"Season 2 please? Telltale games please make a second season, this was  ****ing amazing!    I want more/10"
76561198108348758,Recommended,250320,12540778,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,selya.steph,"This is the most fun I've had playing a game in a long time. This is not to say that the crossroads you are forced to come to and make decisions at will not have you wanting to pull your hair out, but that only stands to add to the addiciting quality of the game. At times the game can seem more like a movie where you get to make decisions than a game, but that characteristic also adds to making the game more unique. Can't wait for the next season, but in the mean time I'm gonna keep re-playing this over and over."
,Recommended,250320,23661040,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Storm Funsoms,"the only good TellTaleGame game in my opinion. compared to TWD, alot of your choise does not have a overdramatic negative effect. you want a great story, here you got it"
,Recommended,250320,24098666,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,HeroicHD™,"The Wolf Among Usis by far, my favourite PC game to date.I bought this game a little less than a week after it's release and was left waiting for the following four episodes after the completion of Episode 1. I must say, Telltale did an amazing job when it comes to keeping you interested in the next episode. I honestly think that they have better cliff-hangers thanThe Blacklist.To the game itself, the narrative in the story is a well thought out, interrelated circuit of madness that keeps you second-guessing all of your decisions and struggling to put a finger on any one suspect. You are always left with something to think about and a variety of emotions will be triggered. Even if you're not a fan of Telltale'sThe Walking Deadseries (which I own),The Wolf Among Usis a far stretch from zombie apocalypses and is really a one of a kind game.I couldn't recommend this game more highly and am very disappointed that only 8 of my friends own this game. Just by looking at the Steam reviews indicate that others share my opinion. As of yet, Telltale have not announced a season two for this thrilling series but have been dropping small teasers every now and then. While I hope for the best, I'll be revisiting this game every 6 months, and at which point, would have forgotten most of the story."
76561198234053152,Recommended,250320,28223713,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,redwolfzero,"Ok, this game got me to start reading the FABLES series comics. I like the idea of Fables living in modern day New York City hiding from a so called adversary that drove them out of their homelands.What is a Fable? Remember those stories by the Brothers Grimm? Well they made a game based on the comics they created with a unique storyline.The game centers around Bigby Wolf (aka The Big Bad Wolf) who has become the Sheriff of Fabletown. Each character that gets introduced has already lived their fairytale life and is living in the modern day city. The characters that are in the game really do give this story a backbone. As with most Tell Tale games, I do enjoy the choices you are given that affect your ending of the game. It almost reminds me of that book series ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" by Edward Packard.Back to the game, the story gets deep and is almost like a murder mystery you have to solve. For those of you who haven't played a Tell Tale Series game, It's like watching a movie with you making the decisions as to what your character does next. I'd highly recommend playing this game and try to get different outcomes."
,Recommended,250320,28385920,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Strange,"The Wolf Among Us is based on the award-winning Fables comic books (DC Comics/Vertigo). You play as Bigby the main protagonist of the game and a detective.Pros1) Fantastic writing2) Stylish Presentation3) Great ActionCons1) Choppy FramerateOverall, I really recommend this game to those telltale fans. I give a 8.5/10"
76561198086093320,Recommended,250320,28745341,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SavageKodiak,"This game is amazing for a long time now I have not truly enjoyed a single player game. It has a story that I did not want to put down as soon as I would finish one chapter I had to play the next one. It tells a great story with some characters that I think most people would at least know a little about there is already a connection there as it is based on fairy tale heroes. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who has felt like they have not had a good game in their life for a while. One might think that because it is about characters from fairy tales that it is a game for children, but I promise you it is not. The game takes you to places a fairy tale would not such as the scene of a murder, or a strip club. At this time I have 7.7 hours on the game and I feel like that might be a standard time to finish this game as most of your choices that you make in the game have a timer on them. I would think that this would be a great game for a person that dose not have to much time to play, as it does have a Great story and you can finish the game fast, but I would also say that the replay ability of this game is extremely high! This is only the third review that I have written on steam, but this is the first game I truly felt like I needed to write as I absolutely loved this game."
,Recommended,250320,28779459,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,braham cracker,Bigby's f*ckin' hawt.
,Recommended,250320,33581078,Posted: 16 July,all,Noume-,"Playtime : 8 hoursThe Wolf Among Us is a great story about Big Bad Wolf and his journey to solve the murders going on in Fabletown. and You are playing as the Big Bad Wolf that the sheriff of Fabletown and sworn to protect the city and human from the Fables. Through his journey, he comes across all sorts of interesting characters and familiar fables that we have known as children lol.For gameplay, this gameplay is the exact same as the other Telltale games just like Walking Dead that telltale games i had played. But i feel it worked a bit better , maybe because this game is more based on investigation. So it really fits with the point and click aspect. i like this gamePros:+ Detailed and complex Story, still amazing+ Good Characters+ Good Voice Acting+ Good Music+ Good combat system+ Great graphics+ Makes you think+ Mature, sorry these lips are sealed+ [GLASS HIM]Mixed:+- Ending, because it leaves you with a cliffhanger, but still not badCons:- Choices dont affect gameplay as much as they seem like they wouldIf you liked The Walking Dead and La Noire, you'll probably like this.Is there season 2? Or even no season 2? hmm#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""Sorry these lips are sealed""  Best quote lol"
,Recommended,250320,33656102,Posted: 19 July,all,Mac Omega,Waiting the second season
,Recommended,250320,13664530,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ReLLiK_pt,This game is awesome. nice story and you can be a bad wolf...season 2 will be awesome
76561198106391635,Recommended,250320,16589249,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Chrissy,"I recommend this game if you enjoy 19th century German folk literature.Are you a timid lil' muffin? Do you want to be alpha?? Then buy The Wolf Among Us and click your way to a manlier tomorrow! When I purchased this game I was in a funk. Fired from my job. Dumped by my woman. Even my dog was weary of the smell coming from my room. Fortunately Bigby Wolf was there to lift my spirits: My new job - Master Sheriff Detective; My new woman - Snow White; My new smell - Badass. I smoked cigarettes, drank whisky, clicked on objects, found severed heads, clicked on severed heads, punched EVERYONE, and alpha'd my way through the most mysterious mysteries this side of Korean fan death. I had a damn drunk time doing it too. FUN! I mean FUN time!I give The Wolf Among Us 9 abuses of police power out of 10.I give The Wolf Among Us Soundtrack 3 noires out of 6."
,Recommended,250320,10329030,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Blackadder,this game is a great fantasy story with lots of surprises i recomend buying it its totally worth the money :D have fun
,Recommended,250320,10382681,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ms7mido,I loved it since the first episode really interesting story .... i recommended for everyone if you didnt play it yet !
,Recommended,250320,9811938,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,AutomaticOcelot,"In stark contrast to The Walking Dead's apocalyptic arc of morose suffering, comes Telltale's crime novella of... morose suffering. But in fact we seem to have discovered what ttg does best, letting the player vicariously live out impossible situations and feel for the characters.The fiction around Wolf is a fascinating twist of alternate literary history, along the lines of League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. ""Fables"" are the ""toons"" of the Roger Rabbit comparison, and their comical brutality allows for the exploration of genuinely interesting twists and surprises in a magical context.""Quicktime"" events have found their comfort zone in ttg design. Without being tedious, they demand just slightly more attention than a dialogue timer, and still allow the player to make impactful decisions without feeling like the event timer forced their hand. Replayability and experimentation gets easier and easier with each iteration.(This review was written after the release of Episode 3.)"
,Recommended,250320,9504580,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Ember,I love the twist this game (and the comics) gives on the storybook characters we all grew up to know and love. It humanizes them a lot and puts them in situations that are really grimey and a bit more realistic for a struggling community of near-immortals. I love what they've done with the story line thus far and can't wait for Episode 3. The only thing I wish they'd do with the game is make the episodes longer. It only takes a couple hours if not less time to beat an episode. When you wait so long for something to come out it ends a bit too quickly ...
,Recommended,250320,9828035,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Nate,If you're a fan of Telltale you should definitely give this game a try.  I was skeptical at first but after playing for a bit it has me very interested.  I may look into reading some of the comics after I finish the available episodes.  I'd recommend check this one out.
,Recommended,250320,10589856,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,shortbusgus,"Solid game, great visuals and as someone who is in love with the Fables comic, I can say the characters still feel a part of that unique universe and not skewed in order to make this interactive story. Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys the comic and also those completely unaware of it."
76561198009062676,Recommended,250320,10891421,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Precocious Pelican,great game. Had me hooked from the very beginning
,Recommended,250320,10144809,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Vraizyn//Blight,"Amazing. Easily the best thing Telltale has ever released. Writing is superb - a twisted fairy tale that will keep you thinking all the way through. Also, the voice acting in particular is vastly improved over that found their previous games."
,Recommended,250320,10897087,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,scoobydiesel,"Telltale games might not be for everyone because they are not the typically game. The point and click might not be for everyone but the story telling sure is. One of the best games based on story and atmosphere hands down. The music is worth playing the game for as well. The draw back is playing while it is still not complete. Having to wait for the episodes is painfully slow, But worth it once everything is said and done.If you have played TellTale Games before and have enjoyed them, no reason not to love The Wolf Among Us. If you have not tested the waters with say The Walking Dead or Back to the future yet why not try with one of the better stories in games today?"
,Recommended,250320,10914674,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Smoker,You play as a werewolf detective in scummy 1980s New York City.It's as good as the Walking Dead game and even better in some parts.[Smokes]
,Recommended,250320,10950077,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nakai,"Just a ""must have"" game. Incredible, awesome and capturing story line."
,Recommended,250320,11082913,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Flynx da Jinx,"Now that I've played this, I want to read the entire comic book series, as well! Telltale Games practically has their fingers in my wallet as far as I'm concerned. The point and click adventure is alive and well. And I can only hope to see more awesome stories unfold with this kind of game design. You really don't control much beyond choosing what branching paths to follow, but even though the gameplay is simple, the execution of the story is all the better because of it. There is a sense of urgency as your listen to dialogues and choose where to go. And I can't imagine any other way to experience the story than this way. Even if I was reading the script to this as a novel or sitting through a series of movies. I would not be able to enjoy this the same way.Buy it and play it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,250320,7451871,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,HaroldoNVU,"You are probably asking yourself: ""is this as good as The Walking Dead game Telltalte released last year and made grown men cry?"" The short answer is ""yes and no"". The Longe Answer is: The action sequences and general look of the game are better but I doesn't have TWD's life changing story and soul eroding choices. While I usually can TWD ""a game of tough choices"" I guess I could call TWAU ""a game of smart choices"". The Wolf Among Us uses the same template but this time around the comic book adapted is Fables from DC's Vertigo imprint. TWAU really looks like a comic book, the action sequences were improved from TWD and the mystery is compelling. The game suffered from an irregular release schedule but if you're playing it now you can play it in one sitting if you want."
,Recommended,250320,7391978,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,FoZ [富山],U MUST BUY IT !!
,Recommended,250320,8679298,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sir Murkalot,"Awesome Game!I would dare to say it's better than ""The Walking Dead""If you liked ""The Walking Dead"" you will love this.Get it or regret it."
,Recommended,250320,8977184,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Sweet,"Telltale does it again. Even though it took quite some time for Episode 2 get released, it's simpally incredible. It strikes you with plot twists, fills you with adventure and really fills your game with action. Reading up on the Fables is really fun, seeing as you can read up on some real backstory concering the fables. I'm certain the remaning three episodes will be amazing, so if you haven't played this game already, get it or watch a ""Let's play"" of it on YouTube or something similar to that, trust me, you WILL be entertained."
,Recommended,250320,9179010,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Cataloony,من أمتع الألعاب وخصوصا إذا تبحث عن القصه و إذا عجبت ذا وكينغ دد هاذي أكيد تعبجبك وقصه وايد حلوه وشخصيات رائعه ولما تلعب تحس إنك تشوف فلم
,Recommended,250320,9055676,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,gamov,"When at first I heard about that game I was quite confused, I wanted to play it, to try it but I didn't know this universe, Fables. The first episode was great. It was like playing for Henry Chinaski from C. Bukowski's novels. I was stoked to see new episode. And here it is. It's really far better than the first episode. I reckon this is Telltale's best work ever like an apotheosis. I mean this is not child-parent decisons from The Walking Dead, this is an absolutely new world full of cynicism and disappointment. Don't care for the plot - this thing is not major here, for sure. Try to feel this incredible atmosphere. Needles to say that I've been impressed by the characters: I mean this is how our messed up world has changed them. There's still a lotta food for thoughts. Stoked to see further episodes."
,Recommended,250320,9034348,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Shit Biscuit,Just as good as Telltale's Walking Dead and this time with a little more mystery.
,Recommended,250320,8247192,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Calibrono,"Such wolf, very big, much bad."
,Recommended,250320,27090509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aras,Really good!
,Recommended,250320,18345949,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mathroy,"So you wonder what is this game huh? I'm gonna keep this short.The Wolf Among Us is a point and click adventure where you can move your character around, Bigby Wolf, to search for clues about strange murders. So basically this game is like an interactive movie where you get to take decisions about the story and that will have different consequences. Prepare to get confused and surprised.It took me about 10 hours to complete the Campaign. The game is very story rich, so if you just wanna have some feels and you wanna play something relaxing,this is a must have.If they ever come out with a Season 2, I will happily pre-purchase.Final Verdict: 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,33060232,Posted: 30 June,all,Batman,"Great bloody game ,I never heard of its comics , but by judging from this game they would seem heck of a read. Honestly at start I didn't see why people love this so much , they I decided to buy it and I just fell in love with a game and the story. Since im a huge Batman fan I enjoyed this detective wrok in the game. Only problem I had with the game is that it ended on a clifhanger , which i kinda hate and like. the gameplay is fun , same for characters , all of them are interesting. I hope Telltale dosen't ruin the season 2.Overall , I would recommend this game to everyone ."
,Recommended,250320,11142198,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Dave G,"11/10 in my book , ill gladly play this again , just for those small but gamechanging choices.Bigby is a badass with a soft-spot for the ladies.Getting to know the characters , and then promptly beat the crap out of the ones who get on your nerves , is satisfying on a personal level.The noir is so thick you can cut it with a spoon.It's slightly linear , but at the same time it's really not , due to the multiple choices and effects it has on the gameplay the further into the story you get.You'll like this if you're looking for something casual with a FANTASTIC story.I'll certainly go through all 5 episodes again , its just that good."
,Recommended,250320,28321901,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,YøungDogu$*,Sublime !
,Recommended,250320,9336108,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Wv - Jubz,"Freaking awesome, its like reading a good book."
,Recommended,250320,11206694,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Seald,TWAU >>>> TWDAnd just in case: i love TWD. Really LOVE it!So ♥♥♥♥ your wallet and go buy this game.
76561198094527325,Recommended,250320,33785458,Posted: 25 July,all,FoxMan,♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT! ALL GO BUY IT NOW! (can't wait for season 2)
,Recommended,250320,26097754,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Metal Dragon,"TL;DR Review at bottem.I can see that TellTale gave the same love with this comic as they did with TWD, and since it gave it more popularity I tip my hats to them for doing good within.Vertigo was like Marvel's Max comic series, they wanted to give us the darker comics after seeing how good stuff like Sin City, Maus, and Watchmen were.GameplayThere's not much to say other then it's the gameplay we get from the new TellTale games. Back then they made R.etardedly hard Point & Click games with puzzles or storys that wouldn't go further unless you did something so cryptic, which is why I hated most of their early games. (Except Sam & Max since they're the $hit)But out of the TWD games, the choices here actually made more of an impact.Story/LookWhen I bought this game I only had little knowledge with the Fables comics since I only read up to issue 10, and the redesigns have their up's and downs. Everyone thinks Snow looks hot in this while in the comics, she was smokin'. On the other hand, Beauty looks better here in the game since in the comics she looked like a w.hore. But this is only a adaptation that only made subtle changes.The look of the game sure is faithful to the comics, (I laugh when I saw ""I Am The Eggman Diner"" since it was used alot in the comics) just like TWD used it's location with it's artstyle.Mics ConsNow for a game that you play as a guy who turns into a werewolf after a few punches but turns back after having some booze, I really don't care about realism.But the fighting in this game is almost pointless, it's seems like no matter how much I wail on a guy, they seems to come back later on as if I only shived them in the B.ollocks with a feather.Yes I know the fables can take hits, but it's like watching a fight in Dragon Ball Z, they look awesome, but no one really get's hurt bad unless you kill them. (with the exception of one character who's arm you can rip off.)TL;DRIt's great, just give it a try and let yourself in one's take on fairy tales. You'll have a favorite character, a favorite fight, and the choices you make will matter.Final WordsBecause of this game, I got back to reading the fables comics, and I think if you really love this game, you'll love the comics more, buy them, or hell if you're broke like Mr. Toad read them online, but don't tell anyone I said that to you!"
,Recommended,250320,13594861,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,bratan,STILL WAITING FOR SEASON 2
,Recommended,250320,8233753,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dr.Shanks,"I read ""Fables"" and i know this is a prequel,but this is good  adaptation.Wait anothers episodes wait with bated breath"
,Recommended,250320,7771559,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Supreme_Sander,Telltale has done it again this is definitely a must buy! The art style is yet again amazing the controls are fluid and responsive the story is compelling and the characters are loveable!Can't wait for episode 2!
,Recommended,250320,11430974,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Tarek,"This is another great Telltale game in the same generation as The Walking Dead. It is based on the Fables comic.It is a murder mystery full of tough choices and surprising twists. The is no right or wrong. The choices are much like the Witcher; all choices suck, it is just a matter of what feels right to you. Choices have consequences as in the Walking Dead but sadly there is no way to turn off the annoying notifications.All in all a great game with an original setting. I think I loved the setting (Fables comic) more than the actual storytelling.Definitely worth a buy"
,Recommended,250320,13370223,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Huhthing,"This game was so great that I ended up spending close to $200 on comics, and I know I'm going to spend more. It's a well-crafted story (something Telltale has shown they're pretty good at) that does a good job of captivating the player's attention and motivating them to find out just what's going on in Fabletown. As far as gameplay goes, it's pretty much just like Telltale's more recent games, but morally questionable choices dripping with consequences, QTEs, and excellent dialogue are far from bad. All in all, it's fantastic. I played it through a few times to see all the choices/get all the achievements, and it's really cool to see what Telltale did with the Fables universe."
76561198128008771,Recommended,250320,14539905,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Zabuza,Amazing game....Incredible story 10/10
,Recommended,250320,10728027,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dylan's pitty party,saw boobs. 11/10
,Recommended,250320,34066687,Posted: 6 August,all,Av3nGeR._.Captain.America,"The plot twist of this story got me like WOW. :OOh ya, if you were wondering, I wow-ed with my sealed lips.10/10 would get my lips sealed again."
76561198062070065,Recommended,250320,13599007,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Avariser,"One of the better games i have ever played. The story, the gameplay and the graphics are awesome. Unfortunatly i did experience a lot of crashes throughout the game, but it did not bother me that much."
,Recommended,250320,33017520,Posted: 29 June,all,Danoglith,Pls make pt 2 lmao
76561198071999311,Recommended,250320,8379531,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,roger_floyd,Nice game
,Recommended,250320,8207914,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Blacklotus,"Great setting, gameplay and storytelling. Adventure games are safe with Tell tale."
,Recommended,250320,7756259,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Minister Malack,"A brilliant, engaging storyline with a likable and diverse cast of interesting characters. Telltale has met my expectations and more. I can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,250320,7873147,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,(ROK)Janus Krug,"Intelligent, entertaining, and constantly interesting. This game got me into reading Fables, and is a strong story right out the gate. I definitely reccomend this to anyone who likes point&click, detective stories, and/or fantasy elements in modern(ish) settings."
,Recommended,250320,7887296,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Arrowden,"Personally, I think its even better than the walking dead......and that's not something I say lightly"
76561198068921230,Recommended,250320,8187038,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sergio,OMFG ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED................(ALL CAPS MEANS SOMETHING) ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING..........GREAT PLOT AND GOOD SOUNDTRACK
,Recommended,250320,8177157,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Trespassers W.,"Awesome stylish game with cool twist and characters. A bit like ""10th Kingdom"" but more noir and grimdark."
76561198037742295,Recommended,250320,8304273,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,A Russian Dashcam,ohgawdyes
,Recommended,250320,8890589,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MALTOOSH,The story of this game made me open my mouth and I got amazed !!!!Waiting for the next episode ...
,Recommended,250320,17105069,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Benji Naesen,"Basic InformationTitle: The Wolf Among UsDeveloper: Telltale GamesPublisher: Telltale GamesGeneral ImpressionJust wow. I'm mindblown. This game was a total surprise. I heard it was good, but this good?! The story-driven feel to it is overly great and beats every other game in his genre. In my opinion, this game is significally better than The Walking Dead ones. Oh, do I love the ending. I was immersed by this game like I was when I played Bioshock: Infinite. This is one of those gems out there.I did have 1 bug, after the second to last chapter of the game it switched me to a room with all blank choices and put me back to the beginning of the episode. I had to restart the game to get back to where I was. Didn't make too much trouble though.Strong Points+ Great cartoon-style graphics.+ General atmosphere.+ Storyline is great.+ Great voice-overs.Weak Points- Sometimes freezes without saving for a while which makes u lose the Save.Rating 9.3/10"
,Recommended,250320,11860959,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Totally not Mike Enoch,still better than LA Norie
,Recommended,250320,11161754,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,The Rumor Weed,"Like, seriously? I didn't even KNOW."
,Recommended,250320,33362175,Posted: 7 July,all,BlackSymmetry,"Best TellTale game there is, no filler, gets right to the point, awesome characters and story. Surprisingly very mature for a game about fairytale characters,"
,Recommended,250320,7880521,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,LightFlower,TellTale Games hits it again with interactive story gaming.
,Recommended,250320,10258100,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Durk,"I have been waiting nearly my whole life for this game.That sounds like hyperbole, I know. It is not. Let me tell you why:In this game, I got to finally fulfill a childhood fantasy of mine - I got to see what was hiding behind The Little Mermaid's shells. That's right, this game shows you the pearls she has hidden under those oyster shells that adorn her chest.Don't frown. Don't pretend to be above such things. Bring your nose back down from the sky. You don't fool me, and you don't need to. I feel the same way, brother. I have since I was young. But we are no longer young, and we have no need to be fools hence forth.And sister, don't get this thought in your head that men are pigs. I met a pig in this game and he's an alcoholic and a smoker, of which I am neither. You cannot pretend that little You didn't wonder about those gravity-defying chesty bags that kept her buoyant unda da sea. In your curiosity, we are unified. And now Telltale has given you the possibility to sate this curiosity.Both sexes, brothers and sisters, come together with me on this thing! I am now free of this need! I am free of the foolishness of youth! I am free of the maddening curiosity! MEN! WOMEN! I HAVE SEEN THE HILLS THAT PART THE SEAS, AND THEY ARE GLORIOUS!Additionally, you play as some guy (Big Bad Wolf) and pretty much say and do whatever you want. That's pretty cool, I guess."
,Recommended,250320,7967701,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,RENGO,"Let me just say... game of the year 2013, imo.This game is just so much joy, love the characters and the way the game is played is just so good.I can recommend this to everyone. 11/10"
,Recommended,250320,11348296,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,antu,"Very good game, good graphics and BEST STORY."
,Recommended,250320,9049982,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Sheriff BigMc,gud gamelike storyget itcus gud
76561198038371482,Recommended,250320,7740507,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Rat 13,"Telltale is good in one thing -- telling great tales. And if you like their games, you absolutley must have this game in your library."
,Recommended,250320,9266740,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Stitch,XD
,Recommended,250320,34817894,Posted: 8 September,all,V.,A Very Good Review.9/10
,Recommended,250320,14105937,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,H.I. McDunnough,"Wait a second....I haven't reviewed this yet?!?!?!  Well, let's get started then!I want to preface this whole review by saying I am not a point and click fan.  I had never played any point and click games prior to TWUA (including TWD).  I had also never read (or heard of the comic Fables).  I heard alot of good things about TWUA and was kinda on the fence about it.  On one hand the visuals looked slick and the story sounded interesting, but I had never played a point and click and thought they were mostly boring.  Well, it went on sale last summer and I figured ""what the heck"".  WOW this game blew me AWAY.  I am a big movie buff, especially the ""Coen Brothers"" films, famous for terrific screenplay and writing as well as memorable characters.  TWUA is like a Coen Bros game.  No, really.  ALL of the dialogue is real.  None of it sounds canned or corny, it is visceral and tremendously voice acted.  The characters are one of a kind, each with their own personality.  I really don't want to say too much about the story because I don't want to spoil any of it.  It is best going in knowing as little as possible.  This game is a masterpiece, however it is very much a ""mature"" title.  Alot of games get the ""M"" rating but make no mistake this game earns it.  It has lots of violence, language, and deals with very dark subject matter.  However, the game doesn't just throw all that in there just to be ""cool"".  It all contributes to the overall atmosphere and tone of the story, and deals with said items in a sophisticated manner.  It was one of those games I powered through in 1 sitting.  After each episode I just HAD to see what happened next.  Every moment you haven't experienced this game you are doing yourself a disservice.EDIT: If you are still on the fence about purchasing it you can play the first episode free on the app store (iOS and Android)"
,Recommended,250320,8121201,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Darkstare8p,Dis game is rly gud it a wolf dat iz amng us 2. siccccckkkkkkccccckkk
,Recommended,250320,30877950,Posted: 1 April,all,rainer,Telltale literally makes the best games :D
,Recommended,250320,10692658,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Phobos,I've been playing this game for an hour and I've told more than five people to f*** off.
,Recommended,250320,8396612,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[MM] WMan22,"I've always been fascinated by retellings of common fairy tales that are more dark and grounded in reality. They offer a far more interesting and three dimensional outlook on these fantastical tales most of us have heard as small children and give new and unique insight into existing characters, whether you believe it truly ""Canon"" or not. The Wolf Among Us combines Noir with fairy tales and it does it surprisingly well.The Wolf Among Us tells a tale of The Big Bad Wolf, or his aptly chosen nickname ""Bigby"" as he works his painstaking task of being a sheriff of a world containing a hidden society of living fairy tales masquerading as human beings. It's about what you would expect from a noir interpetation of that plot and it's a very interesting one at that. Due to the nature of the game, I won't be able to really go into WHY it's so interesting without spoiling what makes it so special.Honestly, I'm far more interested to see more episodes for this than I am for The Walking Dead, another phenomenally written game by Telltale. Point and click is the perfect avenue for these tales, as well. There is no ludonarrative dissonance in anything that you do (A very common problem in most video games these days), the world around you reacts to how you react to the world. I look forward to seeing more of this game; Impatient, even. But you can't rush good writing.If I had anything bad to say about this game it's that near the beginning sometimes you're asked to react to things with a context one might not understand until after you make the choice. I assume that this game assumes that you've already read Fables series and you already know the context of some of the characters. While you can read the character profiles to give you insight into their lives, I'm sure I would appreciate what this game has to offer so far more if I understood some of the context better. Still, even if you don't have time to read up on the history of this series, I highly recommend this game. Even not knowing the context of certain things it doesn't prevent this from being a very well paced and well written story told under the perfect genre to tell it in."
,Recommended,250320,7429542,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,LLTagged[AT],"They did it again!It really seems like Telltale found their niche. If you liked 'The Walking Dead' then you're going to fall for this noir fairy-tale as well. Great art direction, incredible vocals and an evolving story that will keep you on the edge of your seat. I love the setting and enjoyed it even though I never laid my hands on any of the 'Fable'-stuff.Looking forward to Episode 2+ !"
,Recommended,250320,8941769,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Shockerface!11!!!!!,"This is awesome!Perfect atmosphere, perfect decisions and perfect characters!10/10But a lot of time to create a new episode :\"
,Recommended,250320,8751891,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,HoldMeClose,Must have!
,Recommended,250320,8954921,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,AshmoTheBagel,Amazing game almost better than The Walking Dead.
,Recommended,250320,9200956,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,sNaKe (karma),"The plot twists, so intense."
,Recommended,250320,18454527,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Sgt. Kuro,"Not gonna lie, this game is nice.First of all, every woman i think would be great for my main character here dies with their heads presented at the front door.Second of all, I felt guilty after ripping the dude's arms off after seeing the bartender's disappointed face. Yeah, shouldn't have ripped it off, i get it.Third of all, i make sh¡tty decisions.Opinions after completing the game :Guess Bigby really sticks to his nickname, 'The mysterious lone wolf'.Even at the end, he gets no one by his side. The woman he sides with all the time ignores him after becoming a mayor.With Nerrisa, it's up to our imagination cause when i chose to go after her in hopes of some romance, which was of coursed denied of, she just walks away and with no more cut scenes right after.And i unknowingly tortured George before killing him for his sake.Buy it cause it's a great tell-tale game.10/10.1"
,Recommended,250320,23640061,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Victor_cz@DH,Easy to play interesting story. Big bad wolf is cool :)
76561198056084510,Recommended,250320,31782517,Posted: 16 May,all,The Lizard Wizard,"One of those games I wish I could play again for the first time, absolute amazing story and the soundtrack just screams 80's. If you enjoy telltale games this is without doubt one of their best ones."
,Recommended,250320,13866957,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Prike,"Telltale Games once a again have done a great job, It didnt took my attention at first but since i loved evey Walking Dead game from Telltale Games, i gave it a shot. The story, gameplay is good as always. Style and the soundtrack of the game might remind you the 90's or early 2000's. And i started reading the comics (Fables)  I cant tell much about it, but i recommend you to buy this game right now and grab a pizza + drink then put yo headphones on and enjoy the game.Edit: TELLTALEGAMES? SEASON 2? NO? RLY?"
,Recommended,250320,8150605,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bahuemac,"It feels a bit different than The Walking Dead. Naturally, I guess, since it's a whole different game.The writing feels good, the voice acting, character design and mimics too. The puzzling/adventuring elements aren't too difficult so one can focus on the narrative-emotional experience instead, which I prefer over getting frustrated by nail-biting and gameflow-killing riddles. As the Sheriff of New York's Fabletown you spend your time mostly with examining places, talking to, chasing, beating up or sort-of interrogating people, which reminds me of L.A. Noire.The game has a special visual style and design that feels refreshing, fitting and thoughtful even though I don't know the original comic this is based on. All the fable and exodus stuff and transforming the characters and how they relate to each other into the New York of some past time (I don't know the year, no one is running around with cellphones and there are typewriters and stuff, so it's kinda retro) seems fascinating, a grim and dark take on something I otherwise wouldn't usually want to spend my time with. The music is noteably adding to it too, providing some neat soothing tunes that fit to the rather depressing times the fables face in this noire-ish solitude of theirs.There are the time-based responses to what people say and do, as we know them from The Walking Dead, and there are dramatic key moments forcing you to make two-way choices - how great their long-lasting effects will be isn't easy to say at this point, that is something only the remaining episodes will tell once they are released."
,Recommended,250320,12862325,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,gusino torino,A better love story than Twilight.
,Recommended,250320,11684381,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Shronk,"It's kind of like if the Shrek universe was turned into a Detective game, but a the Wolf in the bed became a hardboiled detective. Also, ogres confirmed at the farm, the game is complete. And like I said before, Shrek confirmed for season 2 because he is, in fact, an ogre."
,Recommended,250320,20126674,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Visions,I would give a review...but these lips are sealed
,Recommended,250320,12793505,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Plastic Fixture,10/10 i got to beat up  bloody mary
76561198048510847,Recommended,250320,9004316,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,The Golden Pie,"truly a fantastic game, walking dead success or not this game must be played."
,Recommended,250320,11140362,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[G]Rave,"I like this game a lot. Worth playing, Probably it is 9 out of 10, coz it is not perfect one, but its the best product telltale made. Im hoping for TWAU season 2 or some kind of story dlc will be announced realy soon. Coz its more interesting than The walking dead series, this series is much more interesting coz it has a lot of new. Id like to wipe off my memmory of this game and recomlete it again! This game is just remarkable!"
76561198009400805,Recommended,250320,16054505,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sol Teenuts,"Awesome game, hope there's more like it to come."
76561198142829901,Recommended,250320,11544756,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ifuckcountries,This game is better than real life or than my life but anyway better than porn you should check it out i'm only writing this for a steam badge
,Recommended,250320,11693169,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Untold,"In The Wolf Among Us, you play as Bigby, the Big Bad Wolf in the land of Fabletown, New York City. Bigby is the sheriff of Fabletown, so he protects fairy tale characters such as The Woodsman and Grendel and solves crimes. You are met with four dialogue options: each one will minutely alter the flow of the game or lead to a different scenario. Bigby is met with difficult choices and it is fun to help him do what is right, even if it means hurting a character to achieve order. The game is beautiful and the music is good. Make sure you set the resolution to 1920x1080 because I did not realize the resolultion was low until the last chapter. If the ending glitches out on you like it did to me, restart the game. The game is somewhat long and it is a solid experience the whole way through. It is a great experience for everyone."
76561198033794067,Recommended,250320,11754670,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Reafe,"Where The Walking Dead had though choices about life and death, this game deals in various shades of grey. Amazing!"
76561197972495221,Recommended,250320,11793710,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,MorphaKnight,"A great game that eases you into a fantastic comic book series. Definitely worth seeing fabled characters living in modern day New York living not so ""happily ever after"" stories. The characters are fresh, the game's mechanics is fairly casual much like telltale's the walking dead. Give it a go."
,Recommended,250320,11794430,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Four20,Almost as good as The Walking Dead. Looking forward to the next one
,Recommended,250320,12385207,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,FrYsGaL,Addictive story with an amazing portrayal of these fairy tale classic characters. I also enjoy the music. Become immersed into this point and click. You won't regret it!
76561198015387033,Recommended,250320,12542170,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Paaaaatrick,"I found this game overall enjoyable and well written.  While I dislike the episodic format (in the end, I waited until the entire game was out before playing it) I still had fun with the game, and it was entertaining.  I would say that this was definitely a step up from some of Telltale's previous efforts, and at least on part with The Walking Dead.  Hopefully this gained enough attention for them to come back to the universe at some point.  Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,250320,13878133,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Thridehetess,"(Aaaaaaaalmost) finished the whole game in 1 day! It's so addictive, funny, intense, addictive, smart, addictive and addictive. I just hope theres a season 2."
,Recommended,250320,13206692,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Supreme Disillusionment,It's a compelling story with a great art style and atmosphere and it made me into the super badass wolf detective I am today.
,Recommended,250320,13606682,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DELTΔ HEΔVY,Perfect story game.Had to finish it in 2 days 'cause I couldn't sleep.10/10
,Recommended,250320,9296485,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,S t o f f e l W a f f l e,Probably one of the best telltale game series next to Sam & Max.
76561198068572649,Recommended,250320,9011115,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Real Boys Swallow,This is probably the best game ever:YOU GET TO SEE THE LITTLE MERMAID NAKEDMY LIFE IS COMPLETEplus troll hookers so thats something
,Recommended,250320,11004802,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Akbash - Visiting Japan AFK!,"As I tend to get older, the genres of FPS and RTS become stale. I used to love games like Counter Strike and Starcraft but for the first time in a long time The Wolf Among Us has brought back the joy of gaming. I love the way the story is told, the voice acting, and all the different choices. I'm extremely impressed with the art style and cinematics. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes a great story but not necessarily tons of gameplay. This is an off the wall sort of game and you should go in with an open mind.Plus its an adult story book version thats perverse. That's worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,250320,11164194,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,JCRonin,"The Wolf Among Us is a tightly paced Noir Thriller by the storytelling masters Telltale studios. Those looking for a change of setting from the fantastic The Walking Dead series would do well to check this out.Be warned though, TWAU is alot darker in tone and does not have a child protaganist to offer the occasional lighthearted moments. This is a story almost nihilistic in nature where violence is often the only way to solve problems.Still, there is a certain morbid fascination in taking a journey with these deeply flawed and damaged characters. Dark it may be, but dull it is not (imo)."
,Recommended,250320,8364830,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sighren,Incredible story and a great representation of the Fable comics.
,Recommended,250320,14815422,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mortalmen,"BY far the most amazing TellTale game next to The Walking Dead. Every moment, every scene, every second the game is fenominal. When things look terrible they work out, when a decison seems great it bites you back in the♥♥♥♥♥ The game is something diffrent thats what all gamers have been looking forward to and Im looking forward to season 2.... Are You?"
76561198017705786,Recommended,250320,8161892,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bardicus,I am hungry like the wolf to get the next chapter!
,Recommended,250320,20147076,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,W¿sekrakr,"A very engaging story with a main character that's fun to play with. You are a big hunky wolfman, walking around in a town full of your favorite fairytale characters. The only thing is, there might not be a happy ending to this story.A classic case of who-done-it will turn into a conspiracy that goes all the way to the tippity top, but who really is the big bad man behind all this? You need to find it out, but watch your back!Great story, funny and cool characters, badass decision making ;) and a pig as your roommate. Buy it, play it and wait for the second installment like I am."
,Recommended,250320,11143608,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Graveyjones,"BALLS YEA, BUETSTASTIC GAME, just hope season 2 will be as good."
,Recommended,250320,7844199,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Richard Hammond,DEC 1 CALLING IT NOW
76561198024292506,Recommended,250320,13208270,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,JabbaTheHunty,Is able to be played in fullscreen mode.
76561198080985819,Recommended,250320,9091251,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheUpsideDown,WOW! This game is pretty amazing. A perfect blend of action and immersive story telling. The most impressive part is the acting. The characters have soul and the decisions that you make are not deciding between strict good and evil but rather deciding between what kind of man you want Bigby to be and what kind of man Bigby needs to be to get the job done. I'm truly impressed with this game so far.
,Recommended,250320,15343077,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,hodgeworth,"Okay, so The Wolf Among Us took nine hours for me to complete. Not too bad for a game. Could have been more lengthy but whatever. I enjoyed the suspense of the game; it kept me wondering what was gonna happen next, something other games don't usually have. I like the game, just ♥♥♥♥in' play it."
,Recommended,250320,20099799,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[30th] Windflower,"Brilliant and amazing game, Tell Tale never ceases to amaze.The Wolf Among Us really does a fantastic job at immersing you in the storyline and having attachment to the characters. I felt like the Big Bad Wolf while playing this, so badass.10/10, TellTale knows how to make a good story, with amazing art, characters, and depth."
,Recommended,250320,20602188,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Crusader,10/10
76561197972282476,Recommended,250320,21125187,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Gent! Deus,Would rip off random innocent's arm off again.10/10
,Recommended,250320,9175488,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Tyler the Creator,Why havn't you bought this game yet? GO DO IT YOU LITTLE PUSSSSY IT'S AMAZING!
,Recommended,250320,11019060,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,bizo,Buy this instead of Walking Dead.
,Recommended,250320,9347209,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,AJ2110,This games is easily one of the best games I've played so far. I'm a big fan of the episodic genre. The story is very engaging and  left me wanting more. The scenes are amazingly well animated. Furthermore the added concept of decision-making that affects future episodes makes it all the more fun and hence allows constant replaying without boredom. Cannot wait for the next episode
,Recommended,250320,11168743,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Icyphoenix,Im gonna huff and im gonna puff then maybe break your PC/Mac if you dont buy this game.
,Recommended,250320,8177302,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bruno,"Muito bom, pra quem não conhece a história de Fables, recomendo que leia ""Fábulas - 1001 Noites de Neve"", é uma baita de uma introdução ao universo, e é praticamente tudo o que você precisa para começar a aventura do jeito certo e ainda sair fã da série."
,Recommended,250320,20101441,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Яy ThɆ Sʞulf,"This is a really good game! Made by TellTale games this game takes place in New York City with a made up city called ""Fabletown"" where all the fables are kept. And only one sherrif has the job to make sure they don't kill each other...10/10 - TGN"
76561198092384923,Recommended,250320,11143029,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,30 BEAUTIFUL FRAMES,"After just finishing this game today I can safely say that it is worth your money and attention. The game is filled with multiple choices, near unlimited options and many obstacles that can have staggeringly significant effect on the plot and characters. The first three chapters were probably the best examples of how great a karma and choice system can be, but I found my self somewhat let down by the fourth and firth chapters as they stumbled around a bit clumsly regarding several plot elements and character arcs.However that is not to say I found no entertainment in them nonetheless and I have sympathy for the writers and developers as they were rushed into increasing productivity of the episodes. The gameplay itself is very enjoyable and in places surprisingly intense for a point and click adventure and is accompanied well by the city and characters dark, gritty nature. The plot itself is fairly solid; I say this because in the later chapters several parts feel rushed and some of the fights come off as underwhelming or too basic (especially one in particular which the game builds up towards a great deal only for it to contain very little difficulty), but the game makes up for it with its wide range of possibilities and a reasonably satisfying conclusion that leaves the possibility of a sequel ever present in the air.All in all I would give Wolf Among Us a definite 8.5/10. It features good storytelling ability, well thought out characters, very realistic repercussions depending on choices mad and attention grabbing well designed gameplay."
,Recommended,250320,23793625,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,PhantomJ,This is one of telltales finest game to date. The story keeps you engaged by adding mystery to the entire game. I played this originally when only the first two episodes were out and re played it recently. I still believe this is a good game with some of the best storytelling there is.
76561198129153151,Recommended,250320,11118914,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,شكري,Like watching a tv show only you controlling how is it going to end!!
76561198039074248,Recommended,250320,9766577,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,MISS ME WITH THAT WEEB SHIT,It gets my stick up. Do recommend.
,Recommended,250320,15750215,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ron_tuex,"gather your folks 'cause this is like watching a movie. it's a bit buggy though, but yes! buy it."
,Recommended,250320,25625829,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Rustypug,im going to ♥♥♥♥ snow white
76561198055678011,Recommended,250320,25599612,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ZoriTheBrave,"One of my friends told me about ""The wolf among us"", and im glad that he did. The game have a very nice and mystisk aura, and the characters is amazing."
76561198018818374,Recommended,250320,11005492,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Hogan,Top Notch
,Recommended,250320,8691414,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,turner,great story.. cant wait for ep2
76561198029507819,Recommended,250320,7414248,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Groddles,If you liked The Walking Dead game from Telltale and you're sitting on the fence about this game just GET IT!
,Recommended,250320,9789874,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,SuperYoshiPie,I'm the edge of my seat as the game progresses
76561198071563702,Recommended,250320,10337836,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Forrest_P_Gump,great game to pass the time
76561198079930580,Recommended,250320,11511769,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,FrackReynolds,:)
76561198047979792,Recommended,250320,11105773,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Orange Joe,Amazing! 10 outta 10 would play again and did!
,Recommended,250320,11146248,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Snoop Eukaryote,"SPOILER FREE:Possibly my favorite game of all time. Up there with the likes of Fallout, Majora's Mask and Grand Theft Auto, this game is a must play. This game follows Bigby Wolf, a Sherrif in Fabletown. Since this is an episodic adventure, I must state how the episodes are split at key points and cliffhangers. Here are Pros and Cons for each episode.Episode 1: 10/10ProsOne of the best ways to start off a game ever.Difficult choices effecting the whole game within the first hour.Character devolpment is paced finely.Major plot decission around the endConsInvestigation is the only investigation in the game.Terrible glitch that occurs frequently to hinder immersion, a glitch removing the first cutscene and adding blank choices.Episode 2: 7/10ProsInterigation has Good cop Bad cop route, suited for your choice.Continuation of the story speeds up in this part, as opposed from the slow pacing of last part.Shocking revelation at the end is the only major plot pointConsContinuaty from the ""Next Episode"" clips is incorrect.Anti-climactic story arc contiuation from the last episode. -1.Terrible glitch that occurs frequently to hinder immersion, a glitch removing the first cutscene and adding blank choices.Episode 3: 9/10Pick from 3 Places to visit in order to find the ""Killer"".Plot point that will have effect on.Werewolf Bigby.Introduction of my favorite villian of all time.Choice between Sparing a life and ending a life.Cons:Terrible glitch that occurs frequently to hinder immersion, a glitch removing the first cutscene and adding blank choices.Hillarious glitch that makes Bigby Pole dance. Top lel.None other to think about.Episode 4: 8/10ProsSpend the entire episode on hunt for a certain shard of a certain object.Trying to track down the killer.Nice storyConsTerrible glitch that occurs frequently to hinder immersion, a glitch removing the first cutscene and adding blank choices.Although nice story, Straight forward and Bland.Still manages to screw up continuity. -1.Episode 5: 9.5/10ProsBest gameplay from this series.Tear Jerking Ending.Major ending revalation.The choice is yours to kill the killer, or not, at any given point.Best supporting character ever has huge plot twist.Can't wait for season 2.ConsNo matter what choice you make, the Citizens of Fabletown are upset.(Blank Box bug fixed)OVERALL: 95/100Great Game.Gripping.Tear Jerking.ACTUALLY GOOD Quick Time Events.Branching Dialouge surpassing The Walking Dead series.Most Bugs worked out."
76561198079110105,Recommended,250320,11483698,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Zeo,Good Game 7/10
76561198109230169,Recommended,250320,13657742,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cara xox,"It's a good game. I was a little turned off by the graphics at first, but maybe that's just me. It's not a common art style in video games at all. Once I got over the initial shock, I was able to fully appreciate the detail put into the design. The plot was great and had many twists. Many games are super predictable...and this one just wasn't. It was almost like a super addicting novel that you can't put down because you can't wait to figure out what happens next. Anytime I was doing something else, this game was in the back of my mind. In fact, I wish I could erase my memories to play this game again. If you're thinking about purchasing, please do."
76561198040067096,Recommended,250320,8003944,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,cheese,good game 5/5
,Recommended,250320,18862122,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,AstroZombi,"played it for few times, really like it, though im a fan of tell tale games, this is one of the best game they made so far"
76561198016785311,Recommended,250320,19794807,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Polynikes,"Fun gameplay, nice story telling."
76561198029440874,Recommended,250320,7904776,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,joziah09,"The first episode is fantastic. The story was as gripping as it was disturbing and even at times heartwarming. This type of game is just the kind of thing for kicking off your shoes at the end of the day, relaxing, and enjoying a good story without getting caught up in learning curves annoying menu screens or min maxing. Just sit back, make narrative altering decisions and enjoy.My main criticism is having virtually no information on when future episodes will come out. However if they were all out I would probably be playing them right now and losing sleep to do so."
76561198042297658,Recommended,250320,7945929,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The Mongo's Relapse,"Amazing art style, Great characters & a storyline that sucks you right in from the start. Best TT game i've played yet."
76561198045631166,Recommended,250320,7893046,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Beans,"Boners all day, Bigby is a sex machine, the story is amazing, and it has a nice mix of humor, action, and romance. The gameplay mechanics are a lot more interactive than the Walking Dead without seeming annoying. Overall great game. Also, red hair."
,Recommended,250320,7934336,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,RexTheOverlord,"Episode one has been phenomenal so far. If you enjoyed ""The Walking Dead"" or you enjoy a good mystery/story driven game, then you'll love this. Before your first hour is up, you'll have made meaningful decisions that will have real consequences! The art style is great and even though there were occasional jumps in the cut scenes, it didn’t take too much away from my overall enjoyment of this game. The action sequences are easy enough yet still provide the tension to make it seem like every move counts. So far I've been playing the game as a ""Big Good Wolf"" but I look forward to doing another play-through so I can get a different side of Fabletown.As a side note my MacBook Pro with a 2.9 i7 processor runs the game rather smoothly."
,Recommended,250320,7933734,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Lady Solarist,"some good♥♥♥♥♥♥dog.I'm not a huge fan of Fairy Tale theme games, even when they have a realist theme to it, but the action in this game, the dynamic characters, and the choices (even when they lay on to thick that the choices you make effect the whole game) are the reasons why I like it so much."
,Recommended,250320,11195375,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Crazy Diamond,bigby is hot >:3
76561198052379492,Recommended,250320,10296948,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Nevele - Chiel,"Although the 4th chapter I have just finished has been the least thus far, I am eagerly awaiting the 5th. This thriller/adventure game is really well made. You pay the price for the game, and new chapters are being released for no extra money.The game is a diamond-shaped story driven game. Everybody will start and end at the same point, but the roads that lead you there are solely based on your decisions; How you talk to people will affect your next interaction (if any(!)) with them, what place you visit in your investigation first will shape your knowledge. Your actions and choices will influence the narrative. And it's not like you have to play a good guy either; the options to play a real badass are really there, also because of the main characters mental state.Which brings me to the big positives of the game. It is dark, macabre at times, in a film-noir setting. The story of fairy-tale creatures in the real world has been delivered amazingly. The dark comic-style graphics, sin city like, help even more. The voiceacting and soundtrack are great. Walking around the places as a little less well done, very choppy at times.So if you like a story-driven point-n-click, with adult themes, give this a go!"
76561198007197608,Recommended,250320,22389010,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,[S]almon,An awesome storybook adventure with a rich plot and deep character development. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,250320,11204884,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,nefarious cum mastermind,beautifulalso there were breasts
,Recommended,250320,8823813,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Illasera,"Review currently in progress, to be updated as more episodes are released…At the current price of 25$ for all 5 episodes that are released every ~2 months.I have played the first episode, It lasts about 2.5 - 3 hours,Well i had my mind blown,Do we want to go for great game mechanics with a bit of storyline,ORDo we want to go great storyline with a some gameplay machanics.This one follow the latter.It doesn't try to be a game, it's trying to be an interactive story (by using QTE (quick time events) and fast decision making that makes sure you are always on your toes.The storyline... is something we know and used to care about, It's about the stories we were told as kids, Snow white, little red raiding hood and so on,But what happens when you take all the ""fables"" and give them the desire to have sex, kill, drink , steal, and your job is to be the good/bad cop? you get TONS OF FUN!http://www.twinfinite.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Wolf-2-Glass.gif"
,Recommended,250320,10810831,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tundra Scorpion,"What happens when the beloved stars of childrens fairy tales everywhere are living in the gritty real world, forced to eke out a living in the lowly neighborhoods of New York City? We get The Wolf Among Us.Based off of the Fable series of comic books, Telltale creates another episodic saga centralizing around a shifting and evolving storyline based off of your decisions, similar to The Walking Dead. However unlike The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us has a much smaller target audience of people who are familiar with the Fable comic book series (myself included), but the writers have taken extra care to ensure that the player doesn't need an encyclopedic knowledge of Fable's lore to enjoy the game.The story takes place in New York City, where a large cast of fairy tale characters from all origins (from well-known stories to more obscure ones, and even a few myths and urban legends) are living under the pretense of normal life to avoid suspicion from the regular folk. You take on the role of Bigby Wolf, or The Big, Bad Wolf who is acting sheriff in Fabletown and is tasked with keeping the peace among the fables and working towards preventing their exposure. Since storytelling is the primary focal point of the game I will keep the summary of the plot brief in order to avoid spoilers, all I will say however is that the story is quite gripping, since Telltale's writing staff know how to grab a players interest with interactive story and subtle character exposition.For the gameplay, The Wolf Among Us is very similar to The Walking Dead, a simple but enjoyable point-and-click adventure, which is thankfully broken up by managable action sequences utilizing quick-time events. But please don't let that daunt you away from the game, The Wolf Among Us manages their QTEs much more effectively than other games; Titles like Far Cry 3 or Bayonetta implement QTEs poorly, breaking up the action and forcing the player into a panic-induced session of button mashing. In The Wolf, the action is all QTEs that are simple flow smoothly, without being distracting or cheap. Upon failure the player doesn't feel cheated but instead knows that they could have done better, as there was ample opportunity to act.Unlike The Walking Dead, Wolf has a large share of bugs. These can be easy-to-ignore animation errors where a prop in the backdrop will move of it's own violation, which are negligable given that the game is built on a dated engine. But in my single sitting playthrough of the game the UI tripped over its own programming and hung the game no less than three times, where all dialogue was halted and I was unable to interact with anything, forcing a restart of the game (as shown here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=275996100).To conclude things, The Wolf Among Us, while I feel lacks a bit in the story department when compared to Telltale's The Walking Dead, creates a very surreal and immersive world that the player will not regret entering, and I anxiously await the final chapter."
,Recommended,250320,33159953,Posted: 2 July,all,nys ben dtrjn gamdom.com,its not the masterpiece of telltale's. but its somehow goes smoothly
,Recommended,250320,8985278,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Kiv,I recommend the ♥♥♥♥ out of this!
,Recommended,250320,9775501,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,☘✠ Proud Polish ✠☘,7.5/10
,Recommended,250320,10080101,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,thedarkwhatever,"Great story, very enthralling. You'll play it all in one sitting if you dont have someone to tell ya otherwise."
,Recommended,250320,27926140,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Frost ❆,Who knew playing as The Big Bad Wolf from Little Red Riding Hood could be so much fun and so explicit?10/10
,Recommended,250320,33399182,Posted: 9 July,all,cptsndmn,One of the best Telltale games ever! Can't wait for TWAU Season Two!
,Recommended,250320,13553135,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Vini,"Big Bad Wolf the detective, Beauty and the Beast with marital problems and characters from fables different from what we know. Nice mystery adventure, got me stuck on the computer. 10/10"
76561198279602135,Recommended,250320,31513783,Posted: 2 May,all,saidauo,best.game.ever.
,Recommended,250320,12087894,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Sip Your Friendos,If You like movies and video games this is for you
,Recommended,250320,18622148,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,{GCN} Gen. George Washington,"The Wolf Among Us is a very interesting mystery that will eat up about 10 hours of your life. This is a TellTale game, so at many points, the writers make it seem like your choices will matter. I can tell you right now that they do not, for the most part. Maybe a line or two of dialog will change, but most choices end up converging to a single story point.Anyway, this is a perfectly great entry in TellTale's library, and I would certainly recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,250320,31828620,Posted: 18 May,all,Kodakan,the best game telltale made to this day
,Recommended,250320,17542613,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,GriffinBaxter,"Very good so far, not as good as The Walking Dead in my opinion but still a very good game."
76561198057348816,Recommended,250320,10269237,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Chief Tamaho-Beanie,Better than Walking Dead.
,Recommended,250320,21006107,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TKOdarkshadow,Furry Simulator 2016
76561198219129159,Recommended,250320,28868199,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,imbadanacpro,"Did you like Life is Strange? Now, you definitley will like this game, this game is Life is Strange for bigboys.great music, great dialogs, great atmosphere. Options to chose are variable, you can yhose your on path the way it suits you most.Would play it again 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,25436934,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,George Burley Mucho,"Arguably Telltale's best work.The Wolf Among Us is an exercise in story telling and character development which accomplishes the impossible task of making fairy tale characters feel and sound like real people.The performances are outstanding in every aspect. If you thought Babe was a likeable pig, just wait till you see Colin. A cigarette chomping loud-mouth with a heart of gold. And yes, he's a pig.It's score is perfect and tonally balanced, matching the grit of the big bad wolf's exploits with a backdrop of hope and a new horizon for a struggling bunch of characters.The fact that you end up caring so dearly for these mythical creatures in the way you would a human shows that when Telltale are on form they can tell storys more convincingly than most of the film directors of our generation. This shamefully reflects the state of Hollywood now. But that's another matter.I've played this game through three times, just to get as much as I could out of it. I think not playing through it at least once would be a mortal sin, cause it's one of the best narrative games you'll ever play."
,Recommended,250320,24076502,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MTzoidberg,"The best Telltale game in my opinion. The concept is not entirely original because the whole dark version of a fairy tale has been done before, however, the characters and narrative immediately made me want to play the next chapter to see what was going to happen next. Telltale did a great job of transfering the comic book artstyle from the source material into a game, and thus it is certainly one of the most stylized and unique looking games I have played- in a very good way. The game does a great job of making you feel like there is this great world and history outside of what they show us which helps with immersion and gets you hooked on the story immediately. It us very much a Telltale point and click so there is much more story and less gameplay mechanics. If you like point and clicks or heavily story driven games definitely try this- and if you like the game check out the Fables comic series!Pros:Great story/ charatersUnique presentationCons:Limited and simple gameplayIll explain this here. Telltale likes to say that you can create your own storyline because the game changes depening on your choices. While this is more true in other games they've made (mainly walking dead), I would say in this one the overall story stays the same. The game changes really come from small interactions that you will have with other characters. Meaning that the outcome will be the same, but your perspective and the characters' perspective of you may change. Expect a story to unfold before you - rather than the ability to create your own story."
,Recommended,250320,12306348,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Zunami,"Note: Almost 100% copy-paste from my ""the walking dead"" review.Personal rating: 10/10Replayability: HighBudget: Get it on sale. This is a fairly short game experience.Lenght: A day, maybe two.Another tell-tale game. This game is made in the same way ""The Walking Dead"" was made and is very similar.If you're a fan of the Fabletown comics, you might like this game!Basically, this is an interactive graphic nove, where you get to make certain choices that affects the story greatly. It's divided into episodes, and the next season will be released as a separate game, which will import your save file.It's essentially a point-and-click adventure.Game-play wise, it's not very entertaining, you play this game for the story, and the story is extremely well made, and really gets the vibe of the comic. Very gritty.The only thing with this game I had a beef with, was the soundtrack which wasn't really my taste."
,Recommended,250320,10203051,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,gaspipe,***SPOILERS**** woof woof. bark bark.
,Recommended,250320,22228594,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,about 47 t-rexes,"The story is amazing, and all the characters are well developed. The setting is great, and it feels like your choices really matter. However, there is no replay value, as once you know the story, it's hard to go back through. This is really the only good telltale game imo."
,Recommended,250320,11152125,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,[ヨック] NEXT STAGE,"Awesome story, great characters, Blood, Gore and way too many quicktime events."
,Recommended,250320,10947696,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Monkeyy,"The game is gorgeous and the concept of the fables in a modern setting is great. Very compelling story, can't wait for the final episode!More people should play this!"
,Recommended,250320,7989477,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,dashcat9,Classic Telltale.  Bonus if you're familiar with the Fables series (which I'm not).  You're the Big Bad Wolf dealing with fairy tale characters and their problems in Modern New York City.  It's like Once Upon a Time...except for the part where it doesn't suck♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250320,7461224,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Siduakal,"Really good storytelling experience, better than Walking Dead was in my opinion.  At least so far.  It follows the familiar gameplay mechanics of recent Telltale Game titles (Walking Dead, Jurassic Park, Back to the Future), but without the negative aspects some of the previous games had (Such as horrid Quick Time Events on Jurassic Park).It's a detective story, so if the horror element of Walking Dead was too much for you this might be more tolerable.  So far only one episode is out, but it's a great story at this point and I'm itching for the next episode."
,Recommended,250320,7772539,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Cat Person,"Buy it now, wait until more episodes released or buy it until all the episodes happened. Choose your poison."
,Recommended,250320,7695187,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,sweet meme dreams,"A killer is on the loose in FableTown and it is up to you to figure out the mystery. With this new series, Telltale Games continues to pave the way in bold storytelling and unforgettable characters. The Wolf Among Us is just as much as intriguing game as their previous title, The Walking Dead. With an interesting cast of characters set in a very beautiful backdrop (FableTown) this is a title everyone should at least give a try."
,Recommended,250320,7920372,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,scorpian007,"Great game, the visual style is striking, the dialog and voice acting is superb and the story is very interesting. Get this if you liked The Walking Dead game. Can't wait till episode 2!"
76561198027196181,Recommended,250320,7875905,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Solaire's Fleshy Sunlight Spear,Telltale does it again. If you love noir themes mixed with modernized fable characters then you need to check this out!
76561198065809560,Recommended,250320,8051199,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,jaa0518,"For anybody that likes story driven point and click adventure games, definitely check this game out. By the end of the first episode you'll be hooked on the cliffhanger ending and the unanswered questions. It's hard not to get attached to Bigby Wolf and the feel the pains that he feels as the plot unfolds."
76561197965202531,Recommended,250320,7921560,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,XircExtreme,Amazing Game! Deep plot and the game forces you to make tough choices
,Recommended,250320,7387604,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Shino,"Just like The Walking Dead, in a gameplay and art style. Amazing game."
,Recommended,250320,7876037,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ghost of Gosu,"the art design is fantastic, the storytelling and immersion is on a new level for me. highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,250320,7890768,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jonlaw98,"Episode 1: Faith (spoiler free)If you are a fan of Telltale Games previous game 'The Walking Dead' you will definitely enjoy The Wolf Among Us.  This game has a unique storyline from many fables you may have heard of as a kid... except with a twist! This game will keep you interested the whole way through, especially with all the different choices you make throughout the game. Generally I wasn't expecting much on the quality side of this, but I was VERY impressed.If you would like to check out my playthrough of this game on YouTube, search Jonlaw98 and on my channel I have an organized playlist of the game. Episode 1 is 7 parts long. (Gameplay & Commentary in HD)Here is part 1 of Episode 2 (Smoke & Mirrors)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-52kzJUTB8A&feature=youtu.be&a"
,Recommended,250320,8821532,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,pistolero-reznor,"Only the first episode out, but I'm enjoying this more than Telltale's The Walking Dead!"
,Recommended,250320,8979610,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,RedPandaRawr,"So far, Enjoying so much more than TWD"
,Recommended,250320,9011701,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Dave Voyles,"As enriching as the walking dead, with beautiofully drawn characters and a narrative that you don't want to put down."
76561197961166109,Recommended,250320,24472936,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,n8d0g,"So I finished this last out of the big titles from TellTale (Walking Dead>Game of Thrones>Tales from The Borderlands), so I review this with a little bias for some of the newer titles.I like it, in my personal opinion its not as strong as some of the other titles, but the story is still good and  here are the factors you should note before purchasing:--A strong plus for this game of all the TellTale games is that the choices feel far more important.A common complaint is that in TT game's choices you make dont matter. This not entirely true nor fair.There are a few small choices and those cut/change some portions within the chatpers which feel pretty big, but there is also  a huge dilema on  HOW YOU play  Bigby, and I cannot emphaise this enough. This is probaly the only TT game I will replay, because you can play Bigby as   a good or bad character throught-out the game and you rarely get such a chance to make such a big difference in the other games.--As an older title, the soundtrack is not as good (which is more noticably than you think).--This game on several occasions, extremely violent and graphical, a very dark version of the Fables you may know.--Much less investigation aspect of gaming than expected, but mostly dialog interogation."
76561198130382972,Recommended,250320,24083309,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mr. Gamish,"This game is a masterpiece!This game takes all our favorite heroes from the childhood and turns them into real people:With problems, emotions and thoughts. Seeing that is fascinating and just a great experience!The story of this game is one of the best stories I have ever encountered. It's thrilling, intense and very mysterious.It makes you ask questions that you'll never know how to answer until the very end.Also, the atmosphere of Fable Town is amazing, and it really is magical like all the characters in it.The gameplay has also been a bit improved from the walking dead, with a different design and some more options, but it's really not the point here.This game is for people who are looking for a very mature game with an amazing story, choices, great atmosphere and some great writing and dialogue.If you are looking for such a game, this is one of the best games you will ever experience!"
76561198085792193,Recommended,250320,28970576,Posted: 3 January,all,numan4634,"I did not think this game was good. It exceeded my expectations.Wolf amon us is a crime and investigation game with  famous fable characters brought to New York City as humans, thanks to the magic called glamour. You play as the big wolf, Bigby, while there are murders happening around and you are being given choices through the game.This game is mainly a story telling game with a cartoonish look. If you are looking for a Sherlock kind of game, this is not it. Most of the story is dialogs and there are some quicktime events. You will often have to make choices, just like the game Life is Strange, and these choices are gonna change the direction of the story and behavior of the other characters. A small note though, Life is Strange give you time rewind ability and desicions are not realtime. This one does not have time rewind, so there are relatively less harsh consequences. Also you desicions have time limit, which means if yoou cannot decide in about 5 to 10 seconds, you will be considered silent and this is also a choice and will have impact.The characters and story is strong and life-like. You can relate to the protagonist Bigby while playing. The story is branching based on your desicions and there are lots of various ways that it can go. So even after finishing the story, you may want to complete it again with different choices. There are couple of major choices like choosing the next place to investigae, and lots of minor desicions like answering a question. You will spend most of the time watching ineffectively. At one quicktime event, i was eating potato chips and i missed the timing and got a pretty nice punch. This explains how much involvement this game requires.Pros:- Nice story with lots of possibilities- Cartoonish look is mesmerizing- Characters are familiar and story binds them with their backgroundCons:- Short game, There is nothing to do except the story. But you will want to play it all over to see what could have been with other choices.- Lots of profanity :D Sometimes it feels like they have no other words in their vocabulary.- Some desicions seem to have no effect. but maybe it is because we are witnessing the events from one point of view. Or maybe somethings are bound to happen no matter what. I am not sure.Summary: A cinematic story telling investigation game with a nice cartoonish look, familiar characters and tons of possibilities. I think it is worth its price."
,Recommended,250320,23369925,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,PaniK,"One of the best Telltale has to offer. Interesting world, deep characters, fantastic voice acting."
,Recommended,250320,21398281,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Scrotie McToke,"Wow, just wow. My favourite game from Telltale, it is a masterpiece. Im so glad I played it long after it came out because it means I wont have to wait as long for season 2!Awesome visual style, love the neons and an awesome soundtrack with impeccable voice acting. Youre really missing out if you dont play this gem of a game."
,Recommended,250320,10998667,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,"Trelle, the $wagnificent",The frodigest game ever
,Recommended,250320,11768789,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"Unique game, made from the heart and done masterfully in all aspects: graphics, voices, story, immersion, and gameplay. Absolutely loved it and wish I could forget it so I could reply it one more time right away.For those who are not familiar with the style, there is not much gameplay in the traditional sense of it. There are many cutscenes and lots of dialogue, which are absolutely neccessary as they lead to you having to make decisions, which influence the story. Same goes for events of smaller and bigger importance, for example which way you hit someone (or don't hit someone). This is what The Wolf Among Us does really well, they manage to put so much emphasis on one button push. And there you are, sitting and wondering: A or D? What consequence will it have for me and the story?The story is a complex well written crime/detective. Truly entertaining, lots of unexpected and awesome plot twists and way above average in what the standard is in video games. Voice acting is professional and really important to engage the player, so they made sure it was done superbly. I loved the way the game was set up as if it was a 5-episode TV serie, with ""previously on The Wolf Among Us..."" at the start of each episode.There are no puzzles to solve or anything of that sort. Yet it is a game that keeps you active and engaged, even though a good % of the time is spent listening and watching what will happen. It is outstanding what TellTale have achieved with this.And a final point: you don't have to be familiar with the Fables universe to enjoy the game. The game provides enough background information on the world, and you will find yourself meeting characters that you knew in your childhood, and who have grown into adult versions of all sorts ;)"
76561198018877582,Recommended,250320,11153775,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Broseph Stalin,buy this game
76561197964105015,Recommended,250320,17304721,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ZXD_Marv,"It took me about 8,5 hours to finish ""The Wolf Among US"".The game is divided into 5 parts, each ending with a preview of the next one. The story is very good, with a lot of suspense and thrilling moments. Your decisions affect the people of ""Fabletown"", the area that you are assigned to as the Sherriff in charge. Your actions forge an image that other people will have in mind when you encounter them - and since you´re known as the Big-Bad-Wolf you allready start with some prejudice against you.Voice acting and emotional storytelling is brilliant in this game.My Favourite Character is Toad and his son TJ, even tho I did not let them know in my playthrough.I can recommend the game. It is as good as ""The Walking Dead""; or even better."
76561198138542742,Recommended,250320,18686802,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,xN7xx,excellent
76561198020788251,Recommended,250320,24327720,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Charles Finley III,"This is phenomenal. The storytelling, characters, and the mystery are all top-notch."
76561198025942897,Recommended,250320,31830883,Posted: 18 May,all,Krainz,The only Telltale game that should have a season 2. Its that amazing.EDIT 7/19/17My God... It happend.
,Recommended,250320,28305933,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Herr Skeletal von Auschwitz,"Compelling detective story, untraditional rendition of fables you know and love, beautifully drawn and directed. Buy.Graphics - 9/10 - Few can't adore this art style. It won't lose its charm with age.  I wish animation was smoother.Soundtrack - 9/10 - Awesome, dark, yet sorta cyberpunk, fitting music to the theme. I wish there was more of it.Stability - 8/10 - Some scenes didn't load correctly sometimes, restarting from the save file fixes it.Replay Value - 12/10 - Hours of delightful gameplay with each playthrough, and so many paths.This is one of those games that makes you hate Telltale for how god damn good they are at making you empathize with characters and consequently suffer when the game ends.This is a game you want to play by yourself in the dark and quiet, with a nice cup of whatever makes you comfortable. Playing through the entire thing in one go is a pleasant pastime for the more determined of you. You're essentially sitting back and watching a really well-made GoT-like series that lets you get too comfortable sometimes and punishes you for not reacting quick enough when you do have to fight. The more invested you get into it, the better it feels. Until you finish it that is. Then you roll up in your bed and grieve.The Wolf Among Usis noFalloutorHalf Life, but it surely makes it in my too 10 list of greatest games of all time, alongside theWalking Deadgames. Perhaps I'm a sucker for the eerie story and music, the beautiful colors and my ♥♥♥♥ing god the amazing art style, as well as the seamless voice acting, perhaps.I've played throughTWAUwell over 10 times and I still keep finding little things here and there with each playthrough. I love how perfect of a replay value it has and hate if at the same time for being so short.SoTL;DR- Should you play if? If you likes Ang of Telltale's other games you'll love this. If you haven't and you're looking for the perfect sit-back-and-be-visually-pleased game with an amazing story, get it. You really can't go wrong withTWAU."
,Recommended,250320,14445507,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,James64bit,"*THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON THE EXPERIENCES FROM THE FIRST CHAPTER!*Sorry can't write it now I have 4 more chapters to go, ok bye!"
,Recommended,250320,13421527,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,mhofever,The concept of a reality of our well known fairy tale characters in a noir-esque world really makes The Wolf Amng Us stand out from many concepts of story. On top of that is Telltale's top notch art style with excellent writing that makes you feel being part of a television show.
,Recommended,250320,12755810,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Stereo Mix Mike,Super simple yet fun. Love the silence option. It isnt very long but its still worth the cost.
,Recommended,250320,12141207,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Athena,Turns out the killer was your dead grandfather the whole time.10/10.
76561198085151634,Recommended,250320,7803258,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,TITTYSPRINKLES,"i think for anyone that enjoyed the walking dead games will enjoy this i have never seen anybody tell a greater story than ""telltale games"" they are a very talented company and if u want an action packed story where u play as the big bad wolf in present day new york living amongst mundies a.k.a (humans} trying to solve the mystery of who killed a fable (a fairy tale character) named faith that when times are bad had to become a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to make a living after being decapitated by an unknown killer than this most definitely is the game for you and i think anybody would enjoy this game because of its cunning story"
76561198003428784,Recommended,250320,8890308,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Nroc,"chapter one was VERY engaging. But this game is more of a story you engage in then a video game, i love it but it a warning for those who may not like that kind of thing."
76561198055305908,Recommended,250320,8973640,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,MissingNo.,A wonderful game! Your beloved fairytail-characters have grown up - and not all of them are still who they were used to be.The only downside is the way too long waiting for the next episodes to go online. But it's worth the wait.
76561198002512258,Recommended,250320,8975217,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,blue_h8,"Steam told me that none of my friends on here have played ""The Wolf Among Us"".I must have no friends.You turds need to get on this game. There isn't anything you won't like."
,Recommended,250320,8989858,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Magic Shrooms,The best mother Fing GAME EVER!
76561198035672666,Recommended,250320,8173546,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Wolfgang,"Great characters, great plot arguably better than The Walking Dead"
,Recommended,250320,8195720,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Danger Mouse,Very slick.
76561198078314824,Recommended,250320,8984916,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Seriousman,"If you're a person who appreciates a good story, this is a game for you. Although it's only on episode 2 right now, I can already tell the entire season will be one hell of a ride. And that ending to episode 2! O.O"
,Recommended,250320,8984724,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Koopah,"""The Wolf Among Us"" is the newest series from point and click veterans Telltale Games, who have recently become famous for their GOTY series based on ""The Walking Dead"". ""The Wolf Among Us"" is based on the Fables comics series created by Vertigo comics. In this series, fairy tale characters are modernized and real in a big city based on Manhatten called Fabletown. You play as ""The Big Bad Wolf"" or Bigby Wolf, a detective trying to solve a murder mystery of dead fable characters.Episode One is a fantastic entry into the series. If you're a fan of Telltale's The Walking Dead, you'll simply love this game. The engine is an upgrade from The Walking Dead Season One, and quicktime events are fashionably scrawled onto the scene instead of just presented as buttons. The graphics and shaders simply breathe fantastic color variation and sense of noire lighting, which gives the overall look of the game a huge polish. However, this series truly shines from its mythos and characters. I've only played the first episode and I'm incredibly invested in these characters and the story. I love the design and modernization of classic big-time fairy tale names, like the Logger from Red Riding Hood and Snow White. It only took one episode and this series already has it's hooks in deep. I can not wait to play Episode 2. - 9/10Episode Two opens with a sort of backtracking, which in my opinion kind of ruins a portion of Episode One. The good news is that It's still very good. The storyline is fascinating, and I love interrogating people and trying to get to the bottom of this insane mystery. This episode includes even more loveable fantasy characters, and I'm starting to get really attached to my version of The Big Bad Wolf. He seems like the kind of guy who's just trying to make amends for the stupid things he's done in the past without going rage-mode on everyone around him. The end reveal for this episode was a pretty obvious one to me, so I wasn't that impressed by the cliffhanger this time around. However, I'm still very excited for the next episode to release on the 8th of April. - 8/10More review to come as episodes release..."
76561197998247274,Recommended,250320,11147307,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ashenveil,Go and buy it right now
,Recommended,250320,16445436,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Depsyy,It was fun to play detective and fulfill my inner sadist desires.10/10 Would murder again.
,Recommended,250320,8173986,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,justice,When on sale before episode 2 even came out. No insentive to buy it on day one. What ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561198022953240,Recommended,250320,16910530,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Little Boy Nithipong,the wolf among us : หมาที่สุดๆคนเกลียด(10/10 A++++)เสียจายอ่ะที่ตอนแรกเราไม่ยอมเล่นเกมของค่าย TTgame(Telltale Games) จากที่เล่น walking ไปพอมาลองเกมนี้รู้สึกสนุกมาก ผมว่ามันพีคน้อยกว่า walking dead หน่อยเดียว อาจจะเป็นเพราะเกมนี้มันเน้นหนักไปทางแอคชั่นกับสืบสวนความสนุกมันจาก walking dead ที่ให้ความรู้สึกลุ้นกับเอาใจช่วยตัวละครที่เรารักแต่ในความรู้สึกผมจะชอบ the wolf among us มากกว่าเพราะอาจจะเป็นรสนิยมส่วนตัวที่ชื่นชอบ comics มาก่อน เลยทำให้ผมค่อนข้างจะเทใจไปทางนี้มากกว่า สื่งหนึ่งที่รู้สึกได้เลยคือ TTgame พัฒนาการทำอนิเมชั่นขึ้นเยอะ รู้สึกดูลื่นไหลเป็นธรรมชาติดี อย่างเดียวที่ผมว่าไม่ค่อยธรรมชาติคงจะเป็น รอยยิ้มของ bigby ที่แม่งดูไม่เข้ากับหน้าและขัดสายตาสัดๆสิ่งหนึ่งที่ชอบคือ มีการให้ผู้เล่นสามารถจับโกหกได้(แหงหละมึงเป็นนักสืบนิ) ทำให้ผมรู้สึกว่าบทสนทนาดูหลากหลายดีมากระบบการเล่น: การเล่นยังคงของดีของเก่าเอาไว้ แต่เพิ่มฉากแอคชั่นเข้ามาทำให้เกมสนุกมากขึ้น ผมรู้สึกว่ามันทำมากกกกกก ลื่นไหลไม่ติดขัด บทสนทนาของเกมก็ดูหลากหลายดี ทางค่ายเพิ่มความลึกให้ตัวละคร ไม่ได้เป็นตัวละครที่มีด้านเดียว ให้มีอารมณ์มากขึ้นที่ชอบสุดคงจะเป็นการสอบสวนกับการจับโกหก ซึ่งผมรู้สึกสนุกไปกับมัน และที่ดีไปกว่านั้นคือศัพท์ก็ไม่ได้ยากอะไร ทำให้คนที่ไม่ได้เก่งอังกฤษแบบผมเล่นสนุกภาพ: ผมชอบที่มันเพิ่้มเงาเพิ่มแสงสีแปรดๆให้เกมจริงๆ มันทำให้ผมรู้สึกถึง comic สมัยก่อนที่เน้นเงาจริงๆข้อเสีย: -ข้อเสียเดิมๆบทสนทนาไม่ได้บอกอารมณ์ของคำพูดทำให้ ความหมายที่อยากจะสื่อเปลื่ยน-เกมติด bugs ช่องคำพูดที่ชอบโผล่มาตอนที่ไม่มีบทสนทนา-เกมดำเนินเรื่องเป็นเส้นตรงเหมือนเดิม-ตัวเลือกทิศทางของเกมดูจะไร้ประโยชน์เพราะมันไม่ค่อยส่งผลอะไรนอกจากทำเกมให้ยาวขึ้นหรือรวบรัดให้สั้นลงสรุป: ผมค่อนข้างสนุกไปกับมันนะ ถ้าใครที่ชอบแนวสืบสวนกับคำศัพท์กลางๆเกมแนะนำเลย สนุกในแบบของมันแต่ถึงอย่างนั้นเกมของ TTgame ก็ยังคงเส้นคงวา คือยังคงข้อเสียเดิมๆของมันไว้ อย่างน้อยที่สุดที่ผมรับไม่ค่อยได้เลยคือ การเลือกทางเดินของตัวเองดูจะไร้ความหมายไปหน่อย เพราะมันไม่ได้ส่งผลอะไรมากนักต่อเกมตั้งแต่ต้นจนจบ
,Recommended,250320,10691041,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sorion,Who the hell wouldn't recommend this game?!
76561198063510442,Recommended,250320,10697459,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,"Geraldo, O motorista",Epic!!
76561198041146848,Recommended,250320,29078900,Posted: 6 January,all,patshibby,WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS SEASON 2!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197998165492,Recommended,250320,9373766,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Witty Name Here,"This isn't a game. This is a storytelling experience. The story is worth seeing, far more then it's predecessor game, ""Walking Dead."" This is very nearly a game I would buy for other people on the ""Everyone should see this game"" idea. It helps shows all of what video games can be."
,Recommended,250320,29569098,Posted: 29 January,all,aruvin,"The Wolf Among Us developed by Telltale Games & released on Oct 11, 2013 for the PC platform. According to Metacritic(http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/the-wolf-among-us):Has an average user score of 8.8#66 Best PC Game of 2013#41 Most Shared PC Game of 2013For a non Fable fan, will you enjoy this product? Will it be as satisfying as the walking dead season 1? The answer is definitely a yes but in a rather strange manner.In TWAU, you play as Bigby@the wolf in little red riding hood story. Apparently you are the sheriff for the fable folk living in the real world. You're supposed to enforce the law and keep things in check. The story starts off pretty fast demonstrating the quick time event system (hint hint. combat system) and introducing the different fable characters. Just as you thought your day was done, snow white brings you a pretty shocking finding that sets you onto a dangerous journey which will require your detective skills..How you choose to deal with it; good cop/bad cop? The choice is yours.Controls:Just like all telltale games, the controls are simple. QTE event + mouse click. Nothing fancy.  For this title, I somehow came to appreciate the QTE system as it compliment the combat system. Unlike in the walking dead season 2. Ahem.Visuals:The visuals resemble closely to the walking dead season 1. But with more colors.My personal thoughts:Some of my friends have recommended me to get this title since I really enjoyed the walking dead season 1 and am I glad I took their advice. I really enjoyed playing as bigby and the journey that I've made with my own choices.The Fable characters are unique & very well made. They behave & talk very distinctly. They are not just some ""extras"". The voice acting is good. The story may be small, but the characters really put you into the moment..draws you into bigby shoes and asks you: Well, what are you going to do now?I guess the word i am trying to look for is engagement. This sort of engagement was not present in the walking dead season 1/season 2. I guess the key difference is the characters and the scene/moment itself. This character development was done in the correct fashion. kudos to the team for this.Another thing to note is the pacing of the story. It is just right. There's not a moment loss. Straightforward game play - make your choice and live it out. No fuss@silly dramas unlike in the walking dead season 2. There is a twist in the ending. Thats just how telltale works.I did encounter a bug/glitch which shows the entire conversation box as ???. It wasn't a big deal as I had to restart from my last saved check point. But come on, how is this even not fix@addressed?!  It was a good thing I wasn't recording the game play. Telltale, this is not acceptable!My Summary:Overall, If you enjoyed the walking dead season1, you should give this title a shot. The story pacing is much faster and more engaging. No silly dramas. On the scale of 0 - 10, my personal rating The Wolf Among Us is a 7/10. (I am being extra nice here. Should have been 6 because of the bug. Fix the darn ??? bug!)  *yellow eyes - claws out. Grrrrr*"
,Recommended,250320,7362595,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Reyes,"Masterpiece. Even this word wont be enough to describe how awesome and perfect the game is. A mix of noire and fairy tale, with very deep atmosphere and excellent smooth narrative - 10/10."
,Recommended,250320,8207789,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mongrel Senpai,If you played Walking Dead Season 1 / 2 and loved it then you owe it to yourself to get this as well.Telltale Games is getting a LOT of things right with this title.
,Recommended,250320,11158264,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Scorporal,Wolf Among Us was a great game.09/10
,Recommended,250320,22553262,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,theinfinitegoof,"Please excuse the following, as I am a rabid fan of Telltale games and the Fables comic, of which this game serves as a prequel.THIS IS A SUPER GREAT GAME!  IF YOU DON'T BUY IT AND PLAY IT, YOU'LL BE MISSING OUT!You should read the comic too, as it isALSOexcellent."
,Recommended,250320,29561464,Posted: 29 January,all,Dick the Great,"Goddammit.I played this after Tales From the Borderlands, and was really stunned by it.I'll let it talk for itself."
,Recommended,250320,29052540,Posted: 5 January,all,Lauri,"Typical Telltale game, got some loveable characters and characters you want to throw down a well. ;-)Overall fun and interesting game, finsihed it in roughly 7 hours so for 22,99€ it's not a whole lot of playtime considering the price, so I recommend you pick it up on sale unless you're the guy who likes to try every possible dialogue option, but definitely a game you should try if you like other games by Telltale."
,Recommended,250320,33799104,Posted: 25 July,all,Xaja,Honestly the best telltale game out there.
,Recommended,250320,11250256,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Vermilion,"This game is unhealthy for you if you're a smoker. I find myself lighting up a cigarette almost everytime Bigby does. 10/10 thanks for the lung cancer, Telltale."
,Recommended,250320,29225501,Posted: 13 January,all,lPinch,"Another example of Telltale's great writing in play. Like its predecessor, the game has interesting characters, great story and very memorable moments in a fascinating world."
,Recommended,250320,11146647,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Iced,Dis gaem so gud you cant even m8
,Recommended,250320,8643692,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,FreakinGamererrrr,"Yes, I recommend this game, so far at least, with some reservations. Story and characters are well written and voice acting was sharp and well cast. However, long unnatural pauses and some poor interactive game mechanics make me less than thrilled to recommend this one. The pacing just seemed a bit off, which is a shame, because the Walking Dead series from Telltale games has been so excellent and continues to be with the second installment. But I did enjoy the gritty take on the fairy tale characters we all know, and maybe a few we don't, which most have no real resemblance to the originals at all and makes for an interesting hook. It certainly has me wanting to play the rest of the series to see what other fables will get the ""pulp fiction"" treatment. Never read the Fables comics this game is based on, so I am unfamiliar with this particular universe as many who play may already be. It certainly isn't necessary to enjoy the game though. Putting aside some minor but annoying flaws, I am enjoying it so far and look forward to the next episodes as they become available. 8/10"
,Recommended,250320,7362175,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Breezeeh,"Amazing, original idea. Compelling storyline with a unique twist to the fairy tales we all know."
,Recommended,250320,10688836,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Weisskaiser,"I got this at full price just days before the summer sale started (I'd totally forgotten that the summer sale was starting soon) but didn't regret it all, because it was totally worth the price. I enjoyed Back to the Future because what the hell it was Back to the Future, but looking at it objectively and impartially it was pretty mediocre. The Walking Dead just bored the hell out of me (that's what I get for getting anything related to mother♥♥♥♥ing zombies).The Wolf Among Us is original, entertaining, and gripping. I'd go as far as to say that it's close to flawless.I actually enjoyed it so much that I went and got the first three Fables deluxe collections off Amazon shortly after playing it, and I have to say that I actually enjoyed the game more.Long story short, it's absolutely fantastic.Only one episode to go, but I'm really hoping that they make a sequel. Or better yet, several.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,250320,11057756,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Silverdawn,"Episode 5 is coming next week, and I could not be more excited.This game grabbed me by the collar and did not let go. I was hooked within five minutes; I stayed up late playing this game and fell asleep dreaming about it. I woke up wanting to play it. This game is like a fine novel that engrosses you and holds you hostage within its imagination. I love it.I strongly recommend this game for anyone who loves a good, engaging, intense story, and for anyone who is (like myself) a fan of Fables.If you are not a Fables fan, this game will make one of you. If you'd like to start reading Fables, Istronglyrecommend starting with the stand-alone graphic novel, ""1001 Nights of Snowfall."""
,Recommended,250320,10474960,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Max Dickings,You play as a loose-cannon cop who doesn't play by the rules.And is also a wolf.11/10.
,Recommended,250320,24715438,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Hathies,"Played this game a while ago, loved it, and just watched the last few couples of Marvels Jessica Jones episodes and I'm just dying for the sequel. It reminded me of The Wolf Among Us and the genre it reprecents and I'm just yearning for a sequel."
,Recommended,250320,34146860,Posted: 10 August,all,Ziggamaster,waiting for season 3
76561198385599769,Recommended,250320,34081118,Posted: 7 August,all,NYX,wait for season 2
76561198295654603,Recommended,250320,34120247,Posted: 9 August,all,root@World:~$,fantastic story
76561198018012587,Recommended,250320,8054700,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Eliam,Think Once Upon a Time but with a noir ambient.
76561198040604465,Recommended,250320,8050248,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,[COG] LNEWLFE,"Awsome game! Interesting story line, dark. Characters actually fit with the stories themselves, making it more believable. From the end of season 1, there are several älternate endings, makes for replayibility.8.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,11733287,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Chandler,"Another solid game from Telltale Games clocking in around 9-10 hours for a single playthrough.If you've played TTG's Walking Dead, this is very similar mechanically (which is good). If you haven't played TWD, The Wolf Among Us is a narrative driven adventure game focused primarily on the choices you make and the story itself. Most of the actual ""game"" is quick time events, which didn't bother me at all but will deter some people.The game really shines in the storytelling and character department. I was familiar with the Fables setting, but had never read the comics, and this served as a good introduction to the characters and the setting. It was all very well done.The entire experience was almost more like watching a ""choose your own adventure"" TV show, but a very good one.Recommended."
,Recommended,250320,10390907,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,William,The Little Mermaid is a prostertute.....  10/10
,Recommended,250320,31696069,Posted: 11 May,all,tatankasamoyed,"The best game TTG ever made and likely the best they ever will make.    The music, the story, and the voice acting were all phenemonal.    Special kudos to TTG's inhouse composer.  He did a fantastic job here.   Everything else since then sounds recycled."
,Recommended,250320,20435215,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Manny Heffley,"I punched a guy once in an interrogation and for the rest of the game people kept calling me a psycho and♥♥♥♥♥♥for it whenever they get brought up.  But really, this was a pretty good game with a good story. I like how the choices can affect the game, even for future episodes. Only problem I have is that Bigby often comes off as a♥♥♥♥♥♥for dialogue that you can't control, even if you try to make him nice as possible"
,Recommended,250320,10174430,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,[GND] Jester,"Using the same formula that makes The Walking Dead incredible, The Wolf Among Us is another recent success for Telltale Games and another must-have game for your library.  See my full review here:http://www.gnd-tech.com/content/992-The-Wolf-Among-Us-Full-Review"
76561197993022494,Recommended,250320,7873371,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,SneakyGuy,"Love the art and story. Pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥ Best Telltale game yet, at least so far. Can't wait for chapter 2."
,Recommended,250320,7882211,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Niiyo-chan,"Fun adventure game that feels like The Walking Dead. Very minimal puzzles, and the ones in the game are really easy. The story and the setting are fantastic, but it's taking them forever to put out Episode 2.I'd recommend the game, but I'd further recommend you wait until all of the episodes are out."
76561197974415724,Recommended,250320,7845963,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,I_AM_DEREK,"The Wolf Among us, I'll try to put this as non-Spoiler as I can.   This game is great, story wise its genius, whether you have read the comics or not.   There is enough action and its fast passed to boot.   Bigsby is a great main character and fun to play, there is just something about playing an angry werewolf with issues (Yes I know he is the big bad wolf lol).Gameplay 4/5Replay 5/5Graphics 5/5 (I love the graphic novel style)Story (So far) 5/5What are you waiting for pick this game up!the only downside I could state, is waiting for the next chapter."
,Recommended,250320,7365023,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Obsolete,Telltale does it again. Wonderful story. Great to see the Fable game feel like the comics. Highly recommend reading a bit of the comics first to get a sense for everything.
,Recommended,250320,7840591,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Friedmann,"TellTale does it again! The Wolf Among Us is a perfect blend of intriguing story telling and action. While the flaws are there, where some decisions add nothing to the game and multiple choices give the same result the feeling of these choices adds many different playthroughs just to see the reactions.Thumbs up, a must have for TellTale fans, fans of interesting stories and even fans of the comic it was based on 'Fables'."
,Recommended,250320,7872245,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,voidmind,"It's good, but the amount of time between episodes is long and an episode by itself is not very long at all. Right now only Episode 1 is out and it's been that way for a while. Still, there's no reason to think Telltale wouldn't deliver on it's 5 episodes engagement, since they are kind of positionning themselves as the poster childs for the episodic content model for story based games releases. If the 4 other episodes are as interesting as the first, I'd definitely reccommend it. Looking forward to the next one."
,Recommended,250320,7875076,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Crumbling,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥
76561197963278478,Recommended,250320,7871833,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Crossfade,Amazing story. I wish I could find an audio book for this comic series.
76561197993896883,Recommended,250320,11144338,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Diatribe,"This game is similar to Telltale's The Walking Dead in that most of the gameplay comes in choosing different dialogue choices or choosing where to go first.  There is a little bit of mystery solving, but it's very simple for an adventure game.If you enjoy a good story, where you can influence what happens, then get this game.  If you enjoyed Telltale's The Walking Dead, you'll like this game.  I thought the story was even better than The Walking Dead.On the other hand, if you didn't like The Walking Dead (for any reason other than zombies, zzzzzzz) you won't like this.  If story is unimportant and gameplay is king, then the handful of QTEs in this won't satisfy you."
,Recommended,250320,12869275,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Katoosie,"Wow...Not sure what to write about his game. I think I'll just say this - it's even better than both Tell Tale's ""The Walking Dead"" games. I absolutely loved it, get it as fast as possible if you enjoy dialogue and story heavy games, it's an absolute blast!The Wolf Among Us/10:D"
76561198008554393,Recommended,250320,26549572,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mindbender,"Nothing short of amazing. My second favourite Telltale Game, right behind Tales From the Borderlands."
,Recommended,250320,24587889,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,あRabbitR,"Incredible storytelling and a really intricate game.It makes us think about true human nature when things go to♥♥♥♥♥♥and how ugly it can be and how emotions, friends, and money can make us make stupid decisions.The story is absolutely terrific it keeps you questioning what really is going on in Fabletown the characters are well crafted and you find yourself getting attached to the characters.The game really makes you think a lot about what decisions to make and how to talk with other characters.  Are you going to say ""It's okay, everything will be fine"" to the character when it's really not going to be? It's just something you say that doesn't have much power or meaning.  Or are you going to take action to help the characters? It's the thought invoking decisions in the game that gives the game a hell of a kicker."
,Recommended,250320,26512843,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Valérian~🎧,"Highly recommended, what a fantastic game this was, by far my favorite Telltale Point & Click game thusfar and a definite MUST HAVE for all Telltale series fans!The Story - Characters - Voices - Graphics - Art - Atmosphere and Music are all exceptionally well done!This game is a gritty, violent and mature thriller based on the award-winning Fables comic books (DC Comics/Vertigo). As Bigby Wolf - THE big bad wolf - you will discover that a brutal, bloody murder is just a taste of things to come in a game series where your every decision can have enormous consequences.An evolution of Telltale's ground-breaking choice and consequence game mechanics will ensure the player learns that even as Bigby Wolf, Sheriff of Fabletown, life in the big bad city is bloody, terrifying and dangerous.Also worth mentioning: if you're willing to play through certain parts again, this is not a very difficult game to get all achievements for so that your number of Perfect Games will rise with +110 out of 10 stars!Seriously, release Season 2 already and take my money!"
,Recommended,250320,11177053,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Kemando,"Alright, The Wolf Among Us... Where to start.This is a game involving the ""fables"" (based on the comic ""fables"") we've all grown to love since we were kids, snow white, the 3 little pigs and all that jazz... Now this game is typical telltale style, as it plays out more like a visual novel than a game, even though there are gameplay elements such as walking and searching, and quick time events.You make choices during dialogue sequences that affect the outcome of the overall story, whether or not these choices are significant generally depend on the choice being made and whether or not the story can allow for such a thing.The game carries a very mature tone all the way through, from the gritty look of the city and environments (in telltales comic, cell-shaded style we all know and love) to the blood, violence and language, it also has sexual themes and nudity, so be aware of that.Our story follows Bigby Wolf, former big bad wolf and sheriff of fabletown, where all the fables of olde' have come to adapt to new modern society, and fit in without being uncovered by the plebs of the normal world (me and you). The story follows Bigby on a quest of justic andmystery as things go from bad to worse in fabletown throughout the 10-ish hour long adventure you will find yourself thrust into. This is all I'll say about the story, though I will note you will find a large cast of interesting and unique characters (you may just recognize a few you didn't expect!) who are all wonderfully written and voice cast, Bigby being the most exceptional vocal cast member (he's awesome).The graphics have a very unique and visually appealing style, and they fit well with the tone of the game, and the fact that the game is based off a comic book, you get the comic feel from the aesthetic of the game, it's very appealing. The gameplay elements, though they are few add to the tension and drama of the game, you'll be sitting there enjoying a nice cutscene (the game essentially) when BOOM, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥spam a key or you're ♥♥♥♥in dead! It's very tense and keeps you in the action with the character, it's a small thing, but this is one of the few instances a QTE adds to the experience instead of being some sort of lazy gimmick. You are challenged with quick thinking and fast decision making ""what do i say, will that♥♥♥♥♥♥this person off, but if I don't do that so and so could die"", the game follows a series of moral choices and actions that shape who you are and how you (Bigby Wolf are perceived) the characters all feel meaningful and you really get the sense that this is a living world behind the scenes, and you're getting a glimpse inside of it in the front row.With all that said I can't recommend the game enough, it may make you laugh, cry, or just♥♥♥♥♥♥you off (in a good way), it will make you question your own decisions and look deep into your own moral fiber, would you really do what you just prompted the hero to? Are you playing as yourself? Or are you living out some sort of power fantasy and taking the law into your own hands? This game is for people who love story rich tales with fleshed out characters and a wonderful narrative that takes you on a wonderful ride.I can't recommend this game enough, I regret none of the 10 hours I poured into it, and trust me I've spent less time in ""better"" games. So please, do yourself and telltale a favour, buy the game so they'll make another.:D / 10"
76561198072649801,Recommended,250320,11239970,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Urethra Franklin,"I was generally pleased with how the game progressed. The Wolf Among Us has been like no other game I've ever played. Every decision you make will take a part in how the story ends, and might come back to haunt you. This game has surpassed all of my expectations, and was definitely worth the money. I reccomend this game to all who enjoy a good story, good graphics, and a great gaming experience."
,Recommended,250320,7396822,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,u wot m8,must play!
,Recommended,250320,10886555,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SythenixDelta,Absolutely great game!
,Recommended,250320,20908460,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Neptune ネプチューン,"Its a very very good game, lovely ""Teltale-esque"" graphics we all know and love. One of my favorites"
,Recommended,250320,10682877,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Shootergod(GM),"This is another great game from telltale. Really like it and give it a shot,cos I am sure you will also enjoy it like me for this having a great storyline! Cheers..."
,Recommended,250320,7374345,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Bio Dome With Pauly Shore,"Another series by the adventure game creators Telltale Games, it tells the story of fairy tale creatures being forced out of their homes and into New York City, all while trying to stay hidden from normal humans. You play as Bigby Wolf (A.K.A, the Big Bad Wolf) as the Sheriff of these Fables in New York, trying to keep the general public in the dark about the existence of these fairy tale creatuers, and trying to stop them from killing one another.Pros:-Voice ActingIn 99% of all cases, the voice acting ranges from great to excellent. The casting is almost perfect, barring one or two characters that I just might not have been used to.-Art styleUnlike Telltale's previous work, The Walking Dead, the color palette has changed from brown and grey to purple and sky blue. THe lighting effects on the characters and the hand-drawn look from the previous games are back, and subtly improved over the original.The technical side of things have been improved as well. I remember seeing exactly ONE animation bug my entire time playing Episode 1, The characters are also more varied in appearance, and are a bit less ""janky"" than the zombies and humans of TWD.-The story itselfSet before the events of the original Fables, it's a perfect place to jump in and get to know some of the characters before the events of the comic series. The pacing of the story and the dialogue is fantastic, and worthy of the Fables name.-The action sequencesYes, the quick time events of The Walking Dead are back, and for the most part are much improved over the original. The prompts blend quite a bit more smoothly into the background and allow the action to flow much better than in The Walking Dead.The action is also quite a bit more dynamic; I won't go into much detail as it would spoil the story a little bit, but the action sequences in the game allow you to change the flow of the fight in several different ways.The Cons:-The controlsWhile investigating or simply walking around, it controls quite a bit like The Walking Dead, except, for some reason, a little bit worse: I found myself clicking prompts several times before I could finally examine things, and movement is extremely stiff and unintuitive. Tank controls actually might be a positive thing for this game, a la the original Resident Evils, especially with all the camera switches between scenes while walking.Using a controller alleviates some of these problems (played it with both WASD and PS3 controller, with mouse better for clicking things and PS3 better for movement. The action sequences work fine with either, so if you do fail a QTE (somehow), it's not the game's fault.-Game lengthEpisode 1 took me about two hours to complete, and that was with me taking the time to explore my surroundings quite a bit. For 22 dollars (25 dollars after preorder is done), is ten hours of entertainment (however good that entertainment may be) worth it to you? Eh, it's better than Beyond: Two Souls, which is sixty bucks for eight hours and David Cage's writing doesn't make you scream in frustration.-GameplayThe game was fun my fist time through, and apparently our choices will matter a bit more compared to The WalkinIg Dead (hopefully), but I'm hoping that there will be some segments later on that will bring some life into the game on a second or third run.Overall:Is this game better than The Walking Dead? The short answer is ""Maybe"". We all know that this game won't be as popular as the original. With Season Two of TWD coming out soon (possibly later this month), people will flock to it and most likely ignore this gem. I'm here to say, if you're looking for something to scratch that story game itch with great writing, wonderful characters, and a setting never seen in a video game before, then give The Wolf Among Us a try. And this game should get all the support you can give it. Fifty bucks for two amazing games? You can't go wrong.TL:DR Buy it if you liked The Walking Dead and are looking for something much like it/waiting for Season 2/like a good story.Rating: 8.4/10"
,Recommended,250320,17423986,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Tillburg,"Nothing short of amazing. Gripping story that'll keep you going. Some of the QTE sections are annoying, but it's not a ""failure=death"" thing that plagues the industry, so it could be worse."
,Recommended,250320,34382006,Posted: 20 August,all,messy yah,good game wolf
,Recommended,250320,34952876,Posted: 14 September,all,Salarn,https://youtu.be/9BCnF891OXwThe dark and oppressive world inhabited by 'fables' builds a strong narrative experience for players to submerse themselves in.  The characters are compelling with strong voice acting to support the story.
,Recommended,250320,10735407,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,WosselWozzel,Ripped a guys arm off.10/10
,Not Recommended,250320,18410265,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Hydra,"If you liked other Telltale titles, you'll love this one as it has one of the most interesting fictional worlds to be created.If you want your input to actually count for something.. I just can't recommend it."
76561198043764066,Recommended,250320,11139789,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,IkoN Clan Les legi 102 community,In all my years of videogames I have never felt so involved in a game such as this It will make you cry. It will cheer you up. It will invoke your choice and gameplay decisions! This is why I was born such passion heart and true value in it!!! 5 STARS!!!! NO WAIT MAKE THAT 100 STARS!!!
,Recommended,250320,20846381,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Rimberse,"The story of how the Princess became a ♥♥♥♥♥This game is overrated as hell. The story is simple and so predictable. ""the story is tailored by how you play"" is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t only a few choices you've made at the end of each episode will have a significance at the end of the game! It's just a illusion of choice. You can't change the whole story by just one choice.Anyway the game isn't so bad and boring. Why this game is cool:Comics style graphics. It's just awesome. That's why i love TTGAll characters are are interesting. Winged monkey, who loves drinking, Talking lazy pig, Princess-♥♥♥♥♥, 3 foot talking Toad and e t. c.SoundtrackPlaying bad guy is more funny and interesting then good guy!Why this game sucks:This choice is blank!And This choice is blank too!This choice is blank?This choice is blank!!!There are no hard choices, every choice is quiet simpleThere are too many bugs in this gameIt's not hard to guess who is the killer!Surely not the best game from Telltale Games and not the worst one. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves TTG games, comics, DC, Vertigo, tales, fables, pigs, wolfs, monkeys, princesses, ♥♥♥♥♥s, alcohol e t. c.This choice is blank!This choice is blank!This choice is blank!This choice is blank!Big Bad Wolf#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""You're not as bad as everyone says you are.""For everyone, who didn't understand the ending:Donkeyskin=Faith=Nerissa"
,Recommended,250320,9768178,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,If U Seek Amy,yes I do recommend this game
76561197984668685,Recommended,250320,9779819,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,deno,"Worth every penny, THe Wolf Among Us is one of the best examples of Telltale's ability to use video games as a media for complex storytelling.  I would rate this even higher than the first Walking Dead game and suggest that it reprsents both the style and tone of the Fables comics book series perfectly."
,Recommended,250320,8979513,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Confused Potato,"Great story and characters, can't say much more than that.Buy it."
,Recommended,250320,11000797,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ƒancy ƒaget,"If you're on the verge on the decision of buying this game, DO IT. This game - unlike so many other games - has a genuinely good story that has had a lot of effort put into it. Of course, this is a comic that they've decided to make a 3D game with. It's heavily influenced by Telltale's game style (animation-wise etc.) so if you enjoy Telltale's ""The Walking Dead"" you WILL enjoy this as well.There are some minor problems I've noticed, such as animations not being complete (not making eye-movement in certain speeches) and the controls sort of becoming repetitive.. it would also be nicer if you could control your character with the regular arrow keys instead of the more gaming-standard WASD keys.. just a thought.Overall, the story drives the game to a whole other dimension. The story (which I won't spoil) alongside the beautiful and relaxing art design, pushes this game to a very good score!9,3/10."
,Recommended,250320,8644333,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mossman,a good game
,Recommended,250320,16960362,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Oakshield,"Simply amazing, i'll for sure pre order the season two and check out the comics too, never thought i'd like a game like that so much but Telltale is aways surprising me, i really recommend it, it's a masterpiece"
,Recommended,250320,9786020,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Star,"The Wolf Among Us......Telltale's another project kept its pace with The Walking Dead and finally stood out along it.This game made me feel the same way I felt while playing TWD.Okay,now for the story,its the best that can be made and I enjoyed it very much,but the city could've been shown better (graphicswise),but as for gameplay,this is the best offered by Telltale.If you are a fan of TWD series,then you must get this game.               When this game came out earlier,I thought that it wouldn't be the same like TWD,but when I finally bought it,IT PROVED ME WRONG.If Telltale keeps on the hard work,this game *MIGHT* come out better than TWD."
76561198088900302,Recommended,250320,16834150,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sweg,"10/10 game which has a great plot, characters that you'll remember, and lots of violence! What more is there to want from a game?PS there was an issue where there was no dialogue options in the last couple chapters, just restart the game and it'll be fine."
76561198025066442,Recommended,250320,9394427,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,silenthero,I rode in a taxi 10/10
,Recommended,250320,11143721,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Tearmisu,Dis game is good.
76561198117039356,Recommended,250320,21191744,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,krissystvs,"Excellent graphics, the gritty story adaptations of traditional story characters are a thrilling change to their usual attire. The secret stories entwined in the story make it all the more interesting.The option to choose your characters personality is a lot easier in this game than in others. For instance, you can choose to be the good cop sherriff throughout the whole story and are recognised for it, there are more options available than the typical good bad scenarios.One difficulty so far is the use of ""what happens next"" which, although a feature in other games, can really paint your character the opposite way and you have no way of knowing for sure if this event will take place. Not to mention there are quite a few spoilers in this viewing, which almost tell you the next part of the story without allowing you to find out the mystery for yourself."
76561198009312693,Recommended,250320,7963989,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,gorays21,An amazing game from start to finish!
,Recommended,250320,13298335,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MacAdler,"This game is the best Wolverine game out there. Great story, and pretty cool graphics."
,Recommended,250320,10653689,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rachels | Blondekek (רופוס),"Actually he is not among us, he is just a fictional character in a fictional world"
,Recommended,250320,26963850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,neve,very good
,Recommended,250320,24932772,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Rob.Fag.24,Definetly theBEST EPISODIC GAME OF ALL TIME. GREAT STORY WITH GREAT CLIFFHANGER
76561198077689003,Recommended,250320,13865720,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SmältOst,"Who let the dogs out! who, who, who, who!?!?!?!?!?!?"
,Recommended,250320,11530997,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,naomha,Another fantastic Telltale adventure featuring absolutely superb voice acting and plot twists. Very likeable players and supporting cast. The graphic-noir adventure is a tall one and one that wraps up diferently than you might expect. A little heavy on dialogue and QTEs but highly enjoyable none the less.  Definitely looking forward to a Season 2 if it's made. Here's hoping.
76561198016486952,Recommended,250320,23526255,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,MrBritishMan,This really does wonders for my furry fetishes.10/10
,Recommended,250320,11764312,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Knuckler,Fantstic game with a great story.
,Recommended,250320,33780380,Posted: 24 July,all,Eternal Reaper,Arguably Telltale's best game with an outstanding story and a fresh but dark take on the world of Fables.
76561198004066778,Recommended,250320,7906601,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Blade,anouther point and click great adventure title from tell tale plays much like their walking dead game but is a fresh new ip with interesting plots and charecters cant wait to see the later episodes in this game
,Recommended,250320,9965359,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Psychomancer,Choice Breakdown:You and 94% of other players enjoyed Telltale's The Walking Dead.You and 76% of other players like badass characters like Carley.(That means that 24% of players played the game incorrectly.)You and 100% of other players like classic noir dective stories and aesthetics.You and 100% of other players should play The Wolf Among Us.
,Recommended,250320,11141871,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Slider Of Nights,"If you're expecting some itty-bitty fairy tale game,prepare to be astonished.Quite the mature game and is incredibly craving for anyone who wants a good story.Raise your expectations,then you will be blown away how low your expectations were.Amazing game.I will never look at fairy tales the same again."
76561198103199389,Recommended,250320,11936960,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,uncleposey74,"Anyone who is familiar with telltale games will know what to expect with the wolf among us.The gameplay is taken straight from the walking dead in the fact that in many instances you simply cannot lose no matter what choice you make,However these choices do effect the characters that inhabit the world and how they view you, so choose wisely.The graphic style of the game is basicly the same as the walking dead season 1&2.The story and characters is where this game shines bright.Every location and character feels unique and interesting with personalities that match them perfectly and make you care about them and how they view you and your actions.The game gives you multiple choices and options thru-out the story that actually matter and can decide who lives or dies or even change the ending.This matters all the more due to the fact that this game is set to be the first installment in a series of games.Overall if a story rich game with great characters is what you are looking for then pick this title up, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,250320,31895045,Posted: 21 May,all,Ruthlism,Completed 05/21/2017.
,Recommended,250320,33824248,Posted: 26 July,all,Screamin' Beave #TF2SP,One word: Masterpiece.
76561198067556154,Recommended,250320,9317646,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,nashathedog,"Only two episodes in so far and I gotta admit I'm enjoying these point and clicks from Telltale more than I thought I would, So far the story isn't bad, I enjoy graphic novels and this is basically an interactive way of doing one so as long as you look at it like that you won't be disappointed."
76561198198705686,Recommended,250320,30827398,Posted: 29 March,all,BeastValley,Probably one of my favorite games.
,Recommended,250320,7879257,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jing,"Really a nice Game. If you liked the walking dead, you will love this game.I started the first episonde at midnight, just to have a look at the game and I stopped playing at the end of the episode only to hit the homepage of Telltale Games to look up when the second episode will be released.Can't wait for all episoded to be released in summer 2014!"
,Recommended,250320,13279729,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,*IC* Smiledozer,"Now, this is in my humble opinion a pretty great game for Telltale. I'll admit, we know Telltale has amazing storylines and options to choose from, but their graphical use hasn't gotten much better in recent years. This game is based off of a comic book series. It allows for a more, if you will, realistic effect. It almost even looks like A Scanner Darkly. The story caught me by the wolf nuts and dragged me along until i finished, which was a good thing. I really do love the experience I had in this game.You play as Bigby Wolf, the Big Bad Wolf and Sheriff of a small city, within New York, where fairy tale characters live. For the first time, in a long time (maybe ever...), there has been a murder in the city. It's up to the Wolf to solve it. That means by any means necessary, including transfiguring into a Werewolf and mauling the hell out of people.You'll meet all the characters you knew when you were a kid, Snow White, Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum, and even the sketchy Mayor...Ichabod Crane!I might be a little enthusiastic about this game, but Telltale makes games that are based on stories and not graphics. They were the story part of Bioware which now makes absolutely incredible story-rich games.Fun for casual play here and there. Follow the episodes as you would a show, but play along with them. Some scenes, may get a bit violent..but that's up to you. Because after all, you don't want anyone asking who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf again, do you?"
76561198014940948,Recommended,250320,15842601,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ysleen,"TellTale game classic, but probably even better than The Walking Dead or the others.Very true to the original comic, the ambiance in the game is very well captured.QTE are a bit more interesting than in other TellTale, and support characters do matter and are interesting.My favorite TellTale."
76561197970769624,Recommended,250320,7892905,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,McManus,"AAAAAAAAAAA, NEED EPISODE 2 NOW!"
76561197978454468,Recommended,250320,13458338,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Imnuktam,"This was a great game with great artwork and background music to it. Loved the game and the story and I highly recommend this title if you get it cheaper than 25$. I paid 10 on sale and was happy with that. Only reason i say that is because of how short it was to finish.You will probaby beat it in 10 or so hours depending on how much you look around and read all the flavor stories. Took me about 12 since i try and do and see everything, got it for a friend as a present and it took her about 9hrs.Ends in ""to be continued"" type cliffhanger so there should be another one released, though we have all been waiting in anticipation for quite some time, and I hear they had problems getting the rights again :(If you like telltale games this was my favorite so far and anyone who has played them all lists this in the top 3."
,Recommended,250320,11138617,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,jesterret D,"♥♥♥♥ing ending, i want that 2nd season right now."
76561198060111015,Recommended,250320,8446639,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,murijasaal,pretty good
76561198114379052,Recommended,250320,8155830,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Barker,"Brilliant new game by Telltale. Very similar gameplay to the Walking Dead, if you enjoyed that, you will enjoy this. Can't wait for episode 2 to come out."
,Recommended,250320,7371919,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,SwerocK,"This game is so awesome, the word awesome itself ain't awesome enough to describe how awesome this masterpiece really is!I Love Telltale Games﻿ !!!"
,Recommended,250320,9008363,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Average Jon,"Fantastically Written. Beautiful Style of Graphics and atmosphere. Memorable, gripping moments that keep you holding on to your seat. Most importantly, it always keep you guessing. Which is always great in a mystery, intense story. That pretty much sums up this kick♥♥♥♥♥ The Wolf Among Us."
,Recommended,250320,7384007,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,MasterTyD,"The Wolf Among Us is one of the coolest games I have played in as of late. The storyline is incredibly orginal and draws you in right from the start. You don't know what is going to happen next and every single thing you do in-game affects the outcome of the game in one way or another, which makes it that much more fulfilling and gives more power to the player. My favorite thing about this game is honestly the art and coloring of the characters and backgrounds, it makes the game feel dark and mysterious and gives a sense of danger at any second. In conclusion: Open disk drive, insert money, play game."
,Recommended,250320,9002282,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Taco Grande,"Amazing game. Didnt know about the 'Fables' comic series until giving this game a try, and now the comics are the best shizz ive ever read and the game doesnt give any spoilers. 100/10. Brilliant!!!"
76561198122350391,Recommended,250320,9006836,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,edgy miku chan,"This game does not disappoint. If you're a fan of The Walking Dead by TellTale, then you should not hesitate purchasing this wonderful creation. Beautiful job as always."
76561198042498752,Recommended,250320,9008725,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Jax-Rai Vallinor 'Grimhound',"So I recently got this game due to I really enjoyed the walking dead and wanted to see what this game would be like. Having only played the first and second episode I would have to say I'm enjoy this game a decent amount. What are the good points ? Well the story is unique I dont know many other games where you try and find a killer in a fairy taled world with very clever moments throughout including fights and just talking moments. Its also fun because even though there is fights etc there are points like the walking dead where you can just look around and try and find out who the killer is. Also I love the art in the game it makes it feel more unique then having graphics looking like L.A Noire or other type of games so the style in which everything looks drawn is amazing. The acting is very good plus they have the voice actor who played Lee from the walking dead and the person who voices Bigby Wolf does the job justice.My issue which only occured in episode two was it felt short compared the Episode one which was a issue I know there is the walking dead series 2 is being made but at least try and add more time to this game. It took ages for Part 2 of this to arrive which was annoying as I could of forgot the choices I made. The last issue is they tell you who the killer is in Part 2 which made me not really wish to continue which is annoying its like telling you the ending at the start of the game, whats the point in continuing ? Though I have faith in this company to fix these issues as they have found what makes there company good.Overall I would recommend this game like I say I have only playied two episodes so there might be more things to discover but hopefully it will be more like episode one and not episode 2 as I feel it was short and ruined the rest by giving huge information out way to early but my rating for this game is 7/10."
76561198057411974,Recommended,250320,13655856,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,XITOU  OU N XITOU?,some reasons to buy it :Want a game with a great story? buy itWant to be the owner of own decisions? buy itWant to feel in the shoes of an antagonist who wants to be the good guy? Buy itWant to punch everyone? buy itWant a game with a fantastic art? buy itHave money left? BuyIs undecided on which game to buy? Buy this!
,Recommended,250320,10969831,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ricardo,This game is so great if you're a fan of the noire style of storytelling. It got me into the comics and 141 issues later I'm a big fan of the characters and writing. It's superb. Telltale's games go from strength to strength in putting you into the shoes of characters.
,Recommended,250320,13885931,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,S U L L Y,One of Telltale's best adaptions.
76561197970308695,Recommended,250320,10735454,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dongerino Copterino,"It starts off really well in this interesting world with interesting relationships between the characters and some ♥♥♥♥ed up things happening. But as the game proggresses the plot starts getting overly complicated and that interesting mystery game with awesome moral decisions seems to vanish as more and more characters are introduced by the minute and you stop caring about the ones that started the whole thing to begin with. Characters you liked become naggy or simply disappear, characters you didn't like either disappear or continue being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and about 10 new bad guys are introduced in one episode.It's still a good game, but its passing and the way it turned out didn't please me as much as the start did"
,Recommended,250320,15896615,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,ampersander,Excellent story. Interesting characters. Unique setting. Beautiful visuals and art style. I really hope they continue this franchise.
,Recommended,250320,11142781,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Dippy,10/10. Would wulf again
76561198047601326,Recommended,250320,9795440,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Syndicatex,Really Enjoying it :)
76561198077318324,Recommended,250320,11139206,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Adamski,"I've played all the episodes and i've got to say, its one of telltalles best point and click adventure games, one or two of the episodes seemed to lack in terms of enjoyment or didnt advance the story forward, but apart from that, I would say that this is a really good game. Get it when you have the chance!score: 9/10"
76561198084027235,Recommended,250320,12308448,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,kangaroo,This is one of the best point and click games I have ever played I can not wait till season two comes out.
,Recommended,250320,18705433,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,｀ ◡ ´) majin,it was good
,Recommended,250320,18559631,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mabatu Abboo Ny'ongo,What a great gameone of the best storytelling in a game i've ever played10/10
76561198041520418,Recommended,250320,11143683,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Irrelevantary my dear Dreemurr,10/10 would torture for information again.
76561197998499882,Recommended,250320,8186391,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,patkill [160th SOR],This is another classic adventure game from telltale it's great interesting original story point and click has come along way.
76561198121931625,Recommended,250320,11152189,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ashen Fun,Better than Walking Dead Season 1! Been playing since October and all 5 episodes were absolutely fantastic!A must buy!10/10
,Recommended,250320,11342903,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SlyFox92,"i punched, choked, slapped, maimed, burned, and killed anyone who got in my way..was still able to be the sheriff at the end.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,11061389,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bulgaria Senpai,A breath of fresh air. Amazing game!
,Recommended,250320,11715267,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,perry,Perfect...
76561198132258351,Recommended,250320,12308317,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,pauliedaunstopable,wanted more nude women in the game
,Recommended,250320,7364253,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,jake,"If Walking Dead didn't already prove to you that TellTale Games was amazing, this will. One of the weirdest stories of any game i've played, but it keeps it interesting. You play as Bigby Wolf, sherrif of Fabletown. Fabletown holds the characters from fairytales and fables that have been exciled from their lands. However, Fabletown is located within New York, so they have to stay disguised as every day people. Every character has their own dark turns that stray a bit from their original stories, but again thats what keeps it interesting and original. The Sherrif himself is a fable, The Big Bad Wolf. Episode 1, which is all that is released so far, revolves around you, as Bigby Wolf, start the investigation of a mysterious murdered Fable as you try to keep things calm in FableTown and control the beast inside of you..."
,Recommended,250320,11176798,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Little Mike,"Good gravy, this game is one of the best I have played in a long time. I started playing when Episode 3 had already been out and by the time I finished, I was chomping at the bit for Episode 4 to be released. Then when the wait was finally over and it was released, I immediately played through the entire episode and again I couldn't wait for the next installment. I didn't know Episode 5 was released until a day after the fact, but as soon as I got the opportunity, I played through all of that in one sitting too.Honestly, if a game keeps me that engaged that I want to sit down and play through the entire thing until I beat it, I count it as one of the best. I absolutely love the art style of this game, the voice actors are top notch, and the mix of click and twitch are well-balanced. Not to mention the story is just amazing. I truly love this game."
,Recommended,250320,11140603,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Cherry Zion,"I bought this game when it first came out not knowing much about what I was about to get into. I know that Telltale Games made the very successful The Walking Dead game, so I figured this game would be the same format; this is less of a game, and more of a interactive choose-your-own-adventure movie. The story is very thrilling and had my interest the entire way through. I admit that some episodes are more exciting then others, but the lesser episodes had story elements which could not have been said better. I am very sad that this is finished and I hope that there will be a season two.I reccomend this game to all who like moral based story games (and who are good at quick time events.)"
76561198058662629,Recommended,250320,7875568,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Wylde,"If you enjoyed The Walking Dead by Telltale games, you'll ♥♥♥♥ing love this one!"
76561198076936618,Recommended,250320,8975479,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Yoris95,"The Wolf among us is a great example of a Point and click game done right. that is to be expected from TTG after their hit game The walking dead. but is it the game for you, wel that depends.The wolf among us is like The walking dead, a game that changes course when you make a certain action or comment. this is what makes the game so populair, and gives it a decent replayabilaty.  but if you played The walking dead that would be old new as is the next part.this game is played in episodes currently there are just 2 released yet. if you dont like the waiting and want a compleet story from the get go, it maybe not the game for you to purchase. it is BASED on the populair Vertigo Comic FABLES. it does not, just like The walking dead, follow the main story. that said, it does give you the feel of the world. (and they use their own artstyle so if you're a comic snob it may be a turn down aswel)I highly recomend this game to anyone who loves a Dark crime story with Fables. and loves his/hers Point and click adventures. it is alot of fun you get sucked in to the story with in the first scene. and it wont let you go after you get through the first episode.I give this game a 9/10 for story 7/10 for gameplay 8/10 for graphics and 10/10 (yes 10/10) for antmosphere.PS: I highly recomend you play this game with a controller because of the interface.I hope this was helpfull."
,Recommended,250320,11141591,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,EL_Horse,This is the best game ive played in a while.
76561198068330633,Recommended,250320,11138675,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Skankhunt42,"It's nice to know there are still games out there with good story telling.  It's also nice to know games can still be made that give you that fresh excited feeling, like a kid on christmas.  Just buy and play this."
,Recommended,250320,10828009,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Maxwell J. Rodriguez III Esq.,It can't beat The Walking Dead but they do helluva good job10/10
,Recommended,250320,11083618,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Hemmels,"OK, so this is a Telltale game. And the storyline and voice acting is awesome. Murder in Fabletown, and you play the Big Bad Wolf (now Sheriff of Fabletown). Need I go on."
76561198107140731,Recommended,250320,10482740,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,dan890,אדיר אחלה משחק אחלה עלילה !!!
,Recommended,250320,11407937,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,QoMSoL,"Well since all the episodes are now available I guess I'll play it.But after finishing the 1st episode I can already tell that Telltale nailed it. Intriguing detective style and plot, awesome art, nice graphics and a pleasant sountrack all make this game look very appealing right from the start. And I think it's the best adventure game you can get for this kind of money these days. And that comes from a guy that hasn't played any adv games since Space Quest and Neverhood. This new style introduced by Telltale gets better with every game they release. It reminds me of the brilliant games by Quantic Dream. And that is also a very good sign in my book.All in all just grab it. It's an awesome game."
,Recommended,250320,11204431,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,King Conn,"Brilliant gameplay, brilliant game!"
,Recommended,250320,11204478,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,cranque,"Great story. Great art direction. Overall, great game."
,Recommended,250320,8417085,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pietownguy,"Riveting. While it's hard to judge a Telltale series before it's over (or even really begun), The Wolf Among Us is one of the most engaging gaming experiences I've ever had. You don't need to know any backstory about the Fables comics to enjoy it, and I would urge anyone interested to give it a try."
76561198027100684,Recommended,250320,14569077,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,chaosqxz,No zebras
,Recommended,250320,11802704,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Widdly Scuds,good game doggie
,Recommended,250320,9768469,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Mount C,"A fantastic game with an engaging storyline you get to make decisions on. I'm not really that much of a fan of the Fables comics myself, but the characters are spot-on. In addition, the comic-book artstyle is almost flawless."
,Recommended,250320,13412932,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Madgas McGee,"Very cool story, even better how it is played out with your input.  Tell tale games are awesome, this one, though, is top notch!  (Art is amazing too IMO)"
,Recommended,250320,10172167,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Cat Fock,yes this game is a good game gameplay is like The Walking Dead by Telltale awesome game created well By Telltale :) also great storyline and everything 10/10 by far.
76561198062097064,Recommended,250320,26208606,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,CatHead,"Really nice game, you will hate that stupid monkey"
,Recommended,250320,9055053,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,SirDog,in reel life i am just a dogin gaem im a man wolf whu slap toadsyou need buy this
,Recommended,250320,11195461,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ohhjamesk,Amazing Game. Best game I've played this year so far.What sets this off from the rest is by far the voice acting.10/10
,Recommended,250320,7873487,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,sergeant_taser [HSMU],when is espisode 2 coming out???????
,Recommended,250320,14412515,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ogmachan,"Loved the gameplay, just the right balance of intrigue, choices, battles. Story could use a little updating for the 21st century."
,Recommended,250320,14385812,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,LORDPAPO,AZM
76561198043074736,Recommended,250320,11143883,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gophertooth,"Telltale does it again!Amazing story, amazing final chapter, amazing intricacy.Highly recommend.Get it or regret it!"
,Recommended,250320,9241969,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Gasai,The Wolf Among Us is just simply an amazing story that so far I'm enjoying much more the The Walking Dead game and I'm crazy excited for each new episode to come out. The story is unique and gripping with twists at every turn (so far at episode 2) and I cannot reccomend this game enough to everyone. If you liked The Walking Dead game then you will absolutely love this game too.
,Recommended,250320,28693754,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Coopa64™,The Wolf Among us > The Walking DeadWaaaaayyyyyy sader story than ♥♥♥♥♥♥ walking dead.. the walking dead just copied the wolfhttps://youtu.be/u8ckxMWfJiA?t=31s
,Recommended,250320,7773249,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Laser Cat,"Who doesn't want to play as a gritty noir version of the Big Bad Wolf? Not this guy, I assure you <^-^>  Two paws up!"
76561198040919135,Recommended,250320,19637744,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Cylexus,"A smashing Great read, I actually preffered it to the Fables comic that Wolf Among Us is based on."
76561198062334388,Recommended,250320,16788439,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,nagoL,"Really good story, I couldn't stop playing it. Telltale outdid themselves on this one. Way better than The Walking Dead."
,Recommended,250320,18195444,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sinister Def,I like it
76561198016870648,Recommended,250320,17076867,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rhalls,"Great game, with a lot of gore scenes. Easy to unlock all achievments too. Wait for a sale to buy it at a fair price!"
,Recommended,250320,8305854,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,CultClassic,This game is like jiz freshly squeezed from an angel's♥♥♥♥♥
76561198058172328,Recommended,250320,9766311,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,HaroldIV,Lovely and a good ol time.
,Recommended,250320,14471649,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"I would highly recommend this. It's very different from what I normally play, but I like that the decisions you make decide the outcome of the story. The music is fantastic and the art style is beautiful. I'm eagerly awaiting new episodes!"
76561198044555664,Recommended,250320,11139498,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sad Sax,[Rip his head off]
76561198011764369,Recommended,250320,11458759,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Colonel Angus,Reccomended!
76561198048165087,Recommended,250320,16783006,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,denill31,"Terrific game, terrific story, I cant find much to complain about, I really did not want the game to end. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,250320,16618369,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Indielist,Telltale does it again. The Wolf Among Us was one that I wasn't too interested in when I heard the premise but having spent some time with it I can say that it is probably my favorite so far. I had to really force myself to continue onto the second chapter instead of just replaying the first to try and make the best decisions.tl;dr - Buy it. Play it. Love it.
,Recommended,250320,19152030,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Philliam,Goes into strip clubsees Nerissa The Little Mermaid DancingGOD ♥♥♥♥IN' DAMN I WANNA TAP DAT O.oInvestigatesBeats up strip club owner and destroy's everything to get answer'sPlot thickensBeast thinks that you're cheating on BeautyMe: Dafuq is wrong with you?!Crane is a pervert also a killer has a snow white fetish with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s......Reaction: WTFFFFFFWould play this incredible game with it's amazing storytelling again.11/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,250320,7363202,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,CatastroStan,"They've done it again. This style of game is so engaging. Beautiful in so many ways - gripping world and story, brilliant writing, pacing and use of interaction. The sound and art is great too. Can't wait for the next episodes.Note: I plan to update this reccomendation as more of the game is released."
,Recommended,250320,21199559,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Cumichi,That Feel When We All Know We Wanted Snow Whites Fine Body.10/10Play The Game the plot is amazing and the characters are deep and get deeper as the game goes on.Just Play It For Your Self Its Great
76561198076755177,Recommended,250320,12249857,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,murek,"If story wields higher value than complex gameplay, than this is just the game. Beatutiful graphics, intriguing plot and fantastic character design. Wolf Among Us is just awesome! You might say, the only thing lacking is that there is still no Wolf Among Us 2."
76561197978188676,Recommended,250320,21192332,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Watson004,"Great fun, grab a drink and some snacks and enjoy the story."
,Recommended,250320,21193410,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Guy Verhofstadt,Best Telltale game in my opinion.
,Recommended,250320,21201156,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Red Saber,One of the best detective games I've ever played. Really deep story with rich character writing throughout this game.
76561198095774470,Recommended,250320,21202914,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Too Much Catnip,"Amazing characters, especially Bigby (the protagonist). Dialogue and voice acting are great. This game is exceptionally well-crafted and delivers an engaging and entertaining experience. Choices are interesting (and great to argue over with friends/onlookers). The only downside is the relatively short playtime and the lack of sequel. Would definitely recommend!"
76561198103380649,Recommended,250320,21203308,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TheAwesomeEagleGaming,FFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNN... TellTale please make SEASON 2!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250320,21189638,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RayHammer,"What do you think of this game?A) ...B) This choice is blank!X) This choice is blank!Y) This choice is blank!And honestly... Everything is fine, until it crashes like this on the most interesting moment."
76561198239962038,Recommended,250320,21225299,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Ebonic Plague,Art is amazing. Profane talking frogs 10/10 IGN.
,Recommended,250320,18454008,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Jayce,"Kept me wanting to know what happens next, one of the few games i've ever been bothered enough to get completed.I'll end up playing this again, i just wish there was more. Sad it's over now."
,Recommended,250320,7903385,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,VidaarX,"The Wolf among Us takes you into the Urban New York environment which is Fable town. With all your Childhood Story book Characters but in a whole new light. You Play as B. Wolf Aka the Big Bad Wolf Who is the Sheriff over the fabled towns Folk. Telltale Games gives you a Never before unique Experience into Gaming, Story and Addictive Show. So hold onto your pants and Get Ready for the Wolf among Us."
76561198040398956,Recommended,250320,8055859,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"♥♥♥♥ yes, this game got me hooked on the comics its based off of the fables, and it is now one of my favorite comic series next to batman."
76561198119579023,Recommended,250320,11993022,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,789Starzz,da most asem gem ever
,Recommended,250320,11396459,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[Xinity] Anderen2,"Game of the year, atleast if I'm to jugde. If you do not have it, buy it!"
,Recommended,250320,13537712,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Spookfuls,"One of the best TellTale Games, really. I love the style, the story -- everything is done incredibly well and really gives credence to the original comic. While I did run into a few minor graphical issues here and there, I never encountered anything game breaking, and those bugs seem really inconsequential overall.I would definitely recommend this for anyone interested in the more action-y side of visual novels."
,Recommended,250320,20696217,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gregg,"Good game, totaly worth the money."
,Recommended,250320,7488552,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Autumnal Nocturne,Really enjoyed this from start to finish.
,Recommended,250320,10262499,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,lockdown smurf,Probably one of the best games ive ever playedBUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
,Recommended,250320,7526589,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,(๑ↀᆺↀ๑)✧,"This is every bit as amazing as The Walking Dead was, if not more. If you haven't played The Walking Dead, go play that then come play this.As with my The Walking Dead rec though, it's more of an interactive story than a game."
,Recommended,250320,10463416,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,F4Z3 B05S M8TY-P0T4TI3!,"This game is absoloutely brilliant! I would recommend it to... well... EVERYONE! It has a brilliant story line, it's action packed and allows you to choose nearly everything Bigby (the main character of whom you'll be playing as) say's! It's just an all rounder in my books! It also isn't a game you'll just play through once! If you play through the game as the good guy, why not try playing as the bad guy? Or be neutral? Or just be silent and let people deal with their own problems? It'll be like a whole new game the second time round! Plus, if you didn't get the opertunity to go to a place because you only had a limit, you can choose to go there instead and find out what secrets await! I love the style of this game as it has the comic book style like The Walking Dead.Overall, I'd give this game a 10/10! Pure brilliancy! If you buy this game, you won't be disapointed!"
,Recommended,250320,7903754,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Grizzard,"You do your own choices, and it's like a cartoon, AND a comic. With f*ckin Fairy Tales characters in New York ! Frickin awesome."
,Recommended,250320,13150976,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Princess Cameron,Great story period
,Recommended,250320,10676879,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Affluxion,AMAZING!The story is deep and engaging.
76561197999111837,Recommended,250320,10745328,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,carlpalmner,"Just finished 4 episodes (as of this writing, the 5th is not out yet).  This is definitely one of the best adventure games I've ever played.  Really amazingly well-done story, fantastic voice acting and some of the most gorgeous graphics I've ever seen, and the setting--a mix of modern-day noire and children's fables in a dark and very adult murder mystery--is engrossing.  But the best part of the game is the way that every choice matters, and shapes the story.  More games should be like this.  My only qualm with the game is the quicktime-event combat.  True, the cinematic nature of the combat is cool, but it's hard to pay attention to it when you're constantly looking for the next hotspot you'll have to click or key you'll have to punch.  But that's a small price to pay for what is otherwise an outstanding game."
76561198041376523,Recommended,250320,11190792,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Mercuraz,"The beginning might be a bit slow but after the first episode, things get darker and more exciting.  This game has brought along a story that is so powerfully moving, you will want to play the entire game in one day!  Every decision leaves a consequence and every consequence leaves a mark, some deeper than others.  There is no ""wrong way"" of making decisions, they just lead to parts of the story that you have missed out that could be important later in the game.  Will the Big Bad Wolf protect the town and uncover its secrets?  That is up for you to decide.  I give it a 10/10 :)"
76561198041129173,Recommended,250320,11152488,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Flame,“I’ll see you around… Wolf.”
76561198067310512,Recommended,250320,9030703,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,hedfuk,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,250320,8496848,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Birth-Quake,Fan fucing tastic
,Recommended,250320,8671734,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,mustafa,Definitely worth it. I was sucked in the whole time. Still waiting for episode 2.
,Recommended,250320,7879609,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,KnownScrubGiraa,Good Game! i really want  to know whos the murderer! :O
,Recommended,250320,7371690,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Sp00nbrero,"Since I have finished the first episode of The Wolf Among Us I felt it was wise to put out a recomendation for this title. I must be honest, so far I prefer the first episode of The Wolf Among us compared to The Walking Dead's first episode. I have yet to play the other episodes, but i'm confident that it will only get better.I won't go into spoilers, but the story and voice acting is really good, which is what Telltale Games does best. Since it's a point and click game, so the gameplay is quite simplistic but it has been improved since The Walking Dead. The action fights and QTE's are much more improved and the art style has been improved as well.I would get this game as soon as you can before spoilers riddle the internet, but I look forward to playing this episode again as well as the upcoming episodes."
76561198000361299,Recommended,250320,7365297,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Zeni,"If you like stories/movies and decision-making that changes how it all plays out, this is for you. (Similar to The Walking Dead's series-game.)"
76561198035169316,Recommended,250320,9780699,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Baka Shinobi,"ARGH episode 1 ending why!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But yeah one of the best games I 've played in a long time, really got into this one instead of just playing."
76561198096129934,Recommended,250320,9188765,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Ouverture,"If you're some dude who just wants to lie around, not do much, and be told a very good story as you tell it, this game is for you. The Wolf Among Us is no where near The Walking Dead. This game is actually has climatic parts that you can control. Also, the wide variety of fables and fairytales featured in this game is a big hook, too. For example: Snow White, The Woodsman, The 3 Little Pigs, etc. And no, it's not really all happy and kid-friendly as it was in the stories you heard as a child. These fables are overated, consumed into a life of adultery attidudes and personalities. I highly suggest this game if you want to hear a good story."
,Recommended,250320,14035407,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,vichd1,gachiGASM
76561198130236903,Recommended,250320,11955282,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Crowmanhunter,"Telltale does well with The Wolf Among Us in many ways that they did wrong with the Walking Dead, and so I want to begin by stating the two cannot be compared. If there is anything to be compared, it is that The Wolf Among Us is an overall better game. Everything good that can be said about the Walking Dead, the Wolf Among Us has done better.To start, the World in this game is very alive. Each time a character is introduced, I find myself thinking, ""Who is that?"" Because every character is based off of a myth or fairytale. Probably my favorite detail is the fact that this game does NOT use the Disney versions of these stories. I repeat, these are NOT your Disney princesses. The best part about meeting a new character is just finding out who they are, what they've been through since the end of their 'story' and why they now need the Big Bad Wolf's help. The game does a supreme job of making you, the player, care about these characters, and sometimes not care.The game tests your patience with characters that you clearly should hate, ones that you know are in the wrong, and ones that you'd like you help, but doing so would go against what is right. It does well to hold a central theme throughout, and that is that despite how you may look at any individual characters, you have a job and a duty to the entire town to take care of all of them as a whole.It's a good game. Get it."
,Recommended,250320,10090929,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,skinner,AMAZING Tell-Tale game. There is nothing negative about the game game itself. All i can say is... 5/5 MUST PLAY
,Recommended,250320,16384286,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,= Mike =,Amazing amazing amazing story... very involving.  Definitely worth 6$ or 20$!
,Recommended,250320,11172461,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Hinomura,"Great Story, great characters go buy this game. :)"
,Recommended,250320,11010182,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,E A G L E S,Hey pals. Get this game when its on sale for 8 bucks.
,Recommended,250320,11153188,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,PuzzlyWuzzly,The ending of this game ♥♥♥♥ed me up so bad. Goddamn it.
,Recommended,250320,11252425,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DEC #BestPersonEverIsMe,I hadn't bought this game because I was't sure about the graphic style but last week I bought the game and I loved playing it. This is one of the best games I have bought on steam I really enjoyed playing through the story. If you are still reading this review stop now and buy The Wolf Among Us. I only completed it yesterday and I already want to play it again. I highly recomend it.
76561198021355439,Recommended,250320,12100496,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Zoop Soup,"Your choices don't matter, Bigby will end up porking snow white in the forests of Washington Stateoh, and spoiler warning"
,Recommended,250320,10305312,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,[HT]SirPancho,An amazing thriller game. First time I have ever tried a tell tall comic like game and I loved it!
76561198017050186,Recommended,250320,11141129,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Friry,[Rip his head off][Glass him]10/10 would wolf again
,Recommended,250320,11185987,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Curious Jorge,"This is a phenomanal game. Telltale once again takes a comic, writes its own fantastic story from it, and lets you experience and influence it. 10/10."
76561198042132122,Recommended,250320,11463675,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Asbo_Flemzo,"Telltale blew another house down, cant wait for the next installment of the well designed visual novels/ point and click adventures, yes youe choice matter, your dialogue changes reactions to you, final chapter is perfect."
,Recommended,250320,16026155,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,båns,is dank
,Recommended,250320,16564237,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,✪ VietOmNom ✪,"Pretty Gr8, M8. R8 8/8 ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ"
76561198035283614,Recommended,250320,11014036,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Barack Obama,"Cool intro and good game, made me buy the comics."
,Recommended,250320,19472635,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Othium,Excellent Game!10/10
,Recommended,250320,21499413,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,kevin hart,"In this game you play as big meanie wolf dude going on an adventure to find out what happened to two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Then, you meet snow idiot and she doesn't do anything but stand there. Then, you meet the real best characters, Toad and Toadintine. Then, you turn into bigger wolf man to fight the candy girl, but you lose. Ohoh, then, again, you turn into bigger furry and kill candy girl."
,Recommended,250320,18389839,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BlackadderV,"This is quite stunning.  The tone is perfect, the art style is really cool and the characters work.  You'll really feel like you're in the world.  I would say more, but in a game like this I think it's better to go in blind.  It's great, let's just leave it at that."
,Recommended,250320,17846233,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,LVBOY,"One of my 3 most faworite games of all time, a truly awesome masterpiece, for those who just finished game and want more out of it, just search for comics ""fables""."
,Recommended,250320,16454336,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Virginian,"Hi. Are you an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? No? Well we think you're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. We said DECISION making game, not DECISIONS THAT CHANGE ANYTHING making game. No matter what you do, YOU'RE AN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.But you're also a bad♥♥♥♥♥with an amazing plot centered around you.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198037403017,Recommended,250320,20254698,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CHAO$$$,"Easily the best ""story driven"" game from Telltale. (Sam and Max though!)Great characters, great setting, great story, choices are somewhat relevant, looks awesome, great UI.Can be a bit graphic at times."
,Recommended,250320,17198433,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Sgt Sügger,"At first I thought it was a different story, but after playing a bit I loved the game. It's a great game if you enjoy telltale stories."
76561198033423412,Recommended,250320,12261633,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,derLoko,+
76561198014773475,Recommended,250320,10322962,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Sillirat,VERY good game
,Recommended,250320,16408994,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BIGJAVLINMATE,"I would review this game but, These lips are sealed *removes ribbon* END OF REVIEW"
,Recommended,250320,11341110,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[GWFs] GreatNose,"A game with an amazing noire, mystery story set in an iconic world with even more ionic characters. The game is intense when it needs to be, calm when it wants to be, and always engaging."
76561198054661997,Recommended,250320,21491291,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Zranis,"Cryptic and colourful. This isn't and didn't feel like a game but rather an episodic, neo noir(ishy) detective graphic novel. I thought the first episode was great and somehow it managed to only get better as I was completely blown away by the ending. Every choice, even the inconsequential ones felt like they mattered, and since many affect the story to a certain degree (obviously some more than others) the replay value is there. Thank you Telltale for allowing me to relive The Fables universe in a new refreshing way. 10/10 Huff and Puffs for this guy"
76561198041661946,Recommended,250320,11186359,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[IMI] $celigator,Just play the game... Seriously why are you still reading this? Go and play this masterpiece of a game.
,Recommended,250320,19367150,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,s2d4theworld,Great story.
,Recommended,250320,15064072,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,logan,I had fun
,Recommended,250320,32953206,Posted: 28 June,all,[SotS] Tazlar,Oh My God! It was so good! I need more!
,Recommended,250320,33199638,Posted: 3 July,all,Reginald Bull,Very entertaining but too little snow. XD
,Recommended,250320,33108903,Posted: 1 July,all,Mr_Ryab,A real masterpiece that deserves a sequel.
,Recommended,250320,11091500,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,BUTTERSATAN,"There's nothing wrong with this game, except that all the chapters haven't come out yet."
,Recommended,250320,32264935,Posted: 8 June,all,Ataraxia •,"Reminder to never say Bloody Mary in a mirror, ever."
,Recommended,250320,32339352,Posted: 11 June,all,LaplacE,"Good game, good story"
76561198001446509,Recommended,250320,11154940,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Red Devil is Back!,"its another great series from telltale. great characters and a great story, sure it was annoying to wait 2-4 months inbetween every episode but now hat all 5 episodes are out its the perfect time to buy it and enjoy it all in session.i also recommend going and reading the fables comic, its pretty damn awesome and bigby had been kinda downplayd in the game. in the comic book hes pretty much the god of wolves and can do so much cool♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,250320,26968146,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,աօlբ,It's really good.
,Recommended,250320,26720774,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kasraz,Great story and visual style.
76561197978297674,Recommended,250320,26697701,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Strange Cargo,Another Telltale classic that I didn't want to end.
76561198133002231,Recommended,250320,26962884,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ Hero,"Amazing story, characters and atmosphere. Play it you'll see."
76561198116449936,Recommended,250320,26963395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JLiimatainen,Probably the best Telltale game so far.
76561198098001413,Recommended,250320,26961349,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Little Tarsier,Absolutely cannot wait for the second installment!
,Recommended,250320,11119335,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Drum,Very good game 10/10!!!!!!1
76561198115828971,Recommended,250320,33579556,Posted: 16 July,all,ijoinedtheroom123,Loved It
76561198105852122,Recommended,250320,33561679,Posted: 15 July,all,Mübarek Posedion,Hahaha
,Recommended,250320,12754831,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,shadowmegaman26,10/10 !If you are a fan of Telltale and love their games then you should definitely have this game in your library of games!I also write my own reviews and if you would like to take a look at more reviews for certain games check out my website and if you want a game to review send me a message :D
,Recommended,250320,22667612,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bobbe,
,Recommended,250320,27025269,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jewish Bird,Make Season 2
76561198131612311,Recommended,250320,31359095,Posted: 25 April,all,Hungry Tapeworm,Such an amazing game. Please make season 2.
76561198058339430,Recommended,250320,23486753,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jgettinger1,Great story
76561198125671452,Recommended,250320,23470893,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Gary,Great game the story was very interesting!
,Recommended,250320,11814957,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Crust,"There's boobs, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,250320,32807218,Posted: 26 June,all,21ml,This is probably my favourite Telltale game with the Walking Dead in second. The story is gripping especially at the beginning. Not knowing whats going on and finding out is so satisfying and well done with great soundtrack and everything. My only problems were the occasional cringey dialogue line.
76561198076706463,Recommended,250320,31469210,Posted: 30 April,all,Raven,Amazing game and characters
76561198025503385,Recommended,250320,31410945,Posted: 28 April,all,MoneypennyDreadful,A fun story both fans of the comic and new audiences can enjoy.[Glass him]
76561198282098227,Recommended,250320,31471365,Posted: 30 April,all,chl1bremont,Great game thumbs up
76561198052562356,Recommended,250320,7363126,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Habi,Episode 1 and I’m already in love. ACE!
,Recommended,250320,9809144,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,"Coronus, The Terminator",These game series are amazing. Walking Dead first put me on to TTG's greatness. They have another one on their hands with The Wolf Among Us. GREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAT.
,Recommended,250320,10808491,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Aseinsha,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good I wish there were more games with this kinda art style, ♥♥♥♥in loved it. I loved the mature content everything is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,250320,12370302,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,☆ AEON ☆ CSGetto.com ☆,The best game from TTG so far! Plays nicely and has an awesome story. Totally worth it!
76561198001744156,Recommended,250320,10403286,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Trey,"An amazing game with an even more amazing story. I am a ""fangirl"" of these game devs."
,Recommended,250320,10689426,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Magrock,"This is freaking awesome. All the cool kids plays this, go go!"
,Recommended,250320,11142291,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Maniaqz,Brilliant.
,Recommended,250320,24044025,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lemmy Caution,Loved having Big Bad Wolf Balls. 10/10
76561198045168668,Recommended,250320,24046210,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Giork (FR),Amazing story and soundtrack !
76561198065254559,Recommended,250320,24420653,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,tornadofighter3,buy it now or i shoot you
76561198013479811,Recommended,250320,24493509,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tugbo,good
,Recommended,250320,24493699,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Juylyenne,"It was a very good story! The graphics and music made the atmosphere of the game feel like an old comic book and 80's Miami vice show.  If they have a follow up for this, I would play it!"
76561198062048683,Recommended,250320,24512308,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ProjectMemo,Best TellTale game by far!!! We need a season 2 NOW!!!!!
76561198057842322,Recommended,250320,24527023,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Berrytrip,"Love it! Great story, great artwork!"
76561198123051008,Recommended,250320,24528252,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rev,Its Fresh
,Recommended,250320,24544889,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,daedalist,"Fantastic urban fantasy. Light on gameplay, but that's fine since characterization and story are the most important and enjoyable parts of this game."
76561198009738960,Recommended,250320,9294796,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Toadally Awesome,"It is a huge question on whether you should drop more than 22 euros on such a game, since there is obviously little replayability and gameplay time BUT.I have to say that I personally believe it is worth it. You will automatically get new released episodes, it doesn't matter if you haven't read the Fables' series since it takes place before(it is a very good introduction to it btw) and the scenery it gives is truly unique. Many people complain that the outcome is tailored, but it is only tailored as natural. You cannot expect the villain to change based on character choices, but your choices do matter greatly in building up a unique and enthralling story.To give you an example, based on choices, some characters may or may not make it to next chapters, so this definitely adds a good tree of options for you to build the story as you would wish.I would personally reccomend this for people who are interested in participating in the universe through the protagonist."
,Recommended,250320,11091615,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Feenie™,"Pretty game, great story, interesting characters, plot changes based on your choices, back stories on the characters and locations and you are a werewolfVery good game 9/10"
76561198008176162,Recommended,250320,11983590,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,GySgt. B. Armstrong [1st MRB],"This game is a mixed bag for me. When it first started out, I was really hyped for it, having not read the comics or knew anything about it, the unique look and intriguing setting of putting characters from all kinds of Fairy Tales into our world, with you playing the Big Bad Wolf whose job it is to keep them all from killing eachother really drew me in. The first two episodes especially blew me away with all the twists and turns of the mystery drama which the story is.However as the game progressed in its development, I got suspicions though that the game's story was morphing on the fly from what was originally intended. Two things clued me in on this, the changed trophy descriptions for episode 4 which happened after episode 3 was released, as well as the episode promo image for episode 3 in the game's selection screen, nobody know buys it now would notice these changes, but perhaps other people besides me who bought it at the time were keen enough to catch it. Why is this a big deal? Both of these seemed to suggest that particular characters would have been focused on more and perhaps the story would have gone in a slightly different direction had things gone as intended.SPOILERS AHEAD*****I say this because it feels like the plot lines of the first few episodes and the last ones don't fully align. The Human Detective (heck, the Humans at all) who arrested Bigby at the beginning of Episode 2 play no role at all aside from a passing connection in episode 3 which feels like an easter egg more than anything. Bluebeard seemed to have been meant to have a bigger role as an antagonist in the first few episodes with how his character is portrayed both indirectly and directly yet nothing ever comes of it, and the ""investigation"" of the Tweedledees in the first episode makes no sense with their role in The Crooked Man's operation when he has Bloody Mary who is far more capable at that kind of disposal work than them(but was apparently doing something else for the first two episodes!?).SPOILERS OVER*****Without spoiling anything else, that is what I say is the biggest problem with this game. The feeling that the story is disjointed, or was changed drastically at some mid-way through the game, which I didn't think was very impressive on Telltale Game's part. The only other issue would that this doesn't feel like the greatest RPG. Many of your choices which seem pretty important at the moment turn out not to make that much of a difference at all.Otherwise, I found the game to be enjoyable, I became quite emotionally engaged at times, and many of the plot twists were genuine surprises to me which made my jaw literally drop when they came up. I suggest that you buy it if you're a fan of Telltale's work and have the cash to spare, but not otherwise."
,Recommended,250320,15485742,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,War Tycoon,"7/10 - Good!Get it on sale if you can, but it's still worth the full price. It's a good game if you are interested in more of an interactive story.It has a unique atmosphere to it, though it isn't nearly as well done as The Walking Dead."
76561198061200283,Recommended,250320,24050852,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,cage8,"Spectacular interactive story!A good noir mystery well told, with lots of suspense and thrills.Who's the murderer? As you - the tough boiled detective - pull at the threads of this secret, supernatural world of mythical creatures, the plot thickens, tension builds, and egos collide brutally!As a player, you make a few decissions that (kind of) matter along the way - but mostly you're just there to move the mian character along for the ride.I'm not personally a fan of the ""Fables"" comic books that this game is baed upon, but there's no need to've read the comics to enjoy this great game!"
,Recommended,250320,24495761,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,loxiast,It is a taletale game so:-Great story!-Good Gameplay!-Interesting Theme!
,Recommended,250320,30951190,Posted: 4 April,all,Apollo,Good
,Recommended,250320,25724983,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Karlak The Harvestor Of Souls,Get to slap a Toad in the face 10/10
76561198020263088,Recommended,250320,11785890,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Necromaniac007,Is rly good
76561198051711382,Recommended,250320,18461199,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Cabusha,Just finished it and loved it!
76561198009326106,Recommended,250320,28867901,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,_Falky_,"This game is an awesome dark version of our fairy tale stories told whilst growing up. You play as Bigby the sherrif of Fabletown tasked with keeping order in a mundie world. It's your standard Telltale dialogue game with quick-time action scenes, so don't expect guns blazing-mindless gameplay. Every choice has an outcome and eventually an ending of your making (event though sometimes it doesn't matter what you choose as it'll play out the same anyhow).This game is great if you love a dark story with elements of dry humour. I completed it in around 8 hours and spent another hour or so just completing my book of fables for 100% game completion.Pros:+ Great Characters (start becoming attached to a few)+ Pretty God Voice Acting+ Fantastic Story+ Awesome Artwork+ Longer quicktime action scenes than some other games I've played.+ Saving mechanics and rewind chapter optionsCons:- Sometimes your choices dont make a difference- Needs a season 2 to clarify the endingI got it whilst on Sale, but I would pay it's retail price for sure."
,Recommended,250320,28860559,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CrimsonVertigo,"I played this with my friends on skype (by pressing the play button at the same time since they had a PS4) and I truly say this is one of Telltale's greatest masterpieces and truly deserves all it praise, planning on replaying it to chose different options.much recommend gr8 m8 8/8"
,Recommended,250320,28857647,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jul the Fool,"I went into this game with some high expectations from Telltale, and I was not disapointed in the slightest. Although it took me a little while to aclimate to the obscure characters and premise of Fabletown I found myself loving and wanting to know more about every character by the end of my journey through this game. I truely cannot advocate enough for the great job that Telltale does. They offer a unique story, expirence, and style with every new game and I find myself underestimating them as a developer time and time again. If you love a good story this is 100% for you. I loved every second of it and will be looking to replay it many times in the future. 10/10"
76561198318964928,Recommended,250320,31722207,Posted: 13 May,all,那哈莽行咒,Delicate word game.Worth trying.
,Recommended,250320,31739733,Posted: 13 May,all,BenTennyson,Best TellTale game period.
76561198083148911,Recommended,250320,11432980,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Adriangordon,
,Recommended,250320,25417843,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Araol,"Best Telltale game so far, The Walking dead is great but the only thing that kept me invested was Clementine. The Wolf Among Us made me care about almost all of the characters even the 'villans' 100% worth the buy."
,Recommended,250320,18452998,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Serious Sams,"Ganske underholden, fed historie og action.Grundlæggende et facinerende og sjov spil format med spørgsmål.Det vil tage mig timer at finde alle kombinationerne af sammenhæng i dette spil.Jeg vil nok se dette spil mere end en film igen og igen^^"
76561198114839115,Recommended,250320,18454373,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,oBonkerzz,Another amazing Telltale game with a very intriguing storyline and much improved fighting scenes
76561198070779774,Recommended,250320,33728571,Posted: 22 July,all,Patricks3n,"STORY:The Wolf Among Us is a fantastic game, the story is about a sheriff (Bigby, The big bad wolf) who has to investigate into a murder that happened right on his doorstep, the rest of the story is about you finding clues and stuff that helps you solve the case.CHARACTERS:There are so many likeable characters in this game, i didn't really find that many interesting characters in other Telltale games like: The Walking Dead and Tales from the Borderlands, The main protaganist Sheriff Bigby Wolf is by far the best character in this game, his charisma and aditude is fenomonal.SETTING:This game takes place in a world where fairy tales are real and fairy tale characters use a magic spell called glamour that makes them look human, the colours and enviorments in this game are AMAZING, it uses very sharp colours like light pink, dark purple and lots of reds.I give The Wolf Among Us a solid:               10/10"
,Recommended,250320,33876494,Posted: 29 July,all,MrAgLi,"Probably the best Telltale's story. Really love the lore behind it. The only cons in the sometime the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations and  ""THE CHOICE IS BLANK"".Get this if you like games for its story, detective, noir/80's feels, and fables. While your at it, get TALES FROM BORDERLANDS as well, the best comedy by Telltale."
76561197974423082,Recommended,250320,33888198,Posted: 29 July,all,kallefranord,"i had followed this game for a long time, but never bought it, because i was sceptical even though most reviews was positiv. Then i gave it a chance, and holy Darwin i was surprised. The choises and gameplay in general is superb, and the story is really grabbing you to the point that you wish it never ends. But it do at one point, and you feel sad inside because it didnt last longer. BUT, and there is a but. After playing the whole game from start to finish 3 times it bugs me that whatever you chose to say or do, with some exeptions, gives the same respons/follow ups/outcome. Its feels linear with multiple playtrough and i wish it was more weight behind each choise that lead to more groundbreaking responses, locations and follow ups. The only differense in chosing places to go or what you respond/say compared to others is that the characters may say, do or respond a little different, but the outcome pretty much the same whatever you do.Overall a real good game that suck you in instantaniously. 8/10 because somewhat repetative gameplay with multiple playtrough."
76561197969358495,Recommended,250320,33890305,Posted: 29 July,all,^_Thranduil_^,"It's the best Telltale game, a must buy if you enjoy the genre."
,Recommended,250320,29371065,Posted: 19 January,all,Spoon,WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS MY SECOND SEASON!?
,Recommended,250320,11142888,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,sadnhappy,"Just get it, you won't regret it. I was pleasantly surprised since I had not played these kinds of games before. I finished the last episode (5/5) just an hour ago and I'm still speechless. Totally hooked from start to finish, this game has an amazing story, great characters from our belowed Fables, really enjoyable soundtrack and just when you think you got it all figured out, you dont ;) One of the best games I've bought in a long, long time and if this was this awsome, I can't wait what Telltale will do with 'Game of Thrones'.Don't wait, you don't want to get spoiled about the ending! :)Just get it."
76561198105375062,Recommended,250320,32122919,Posted: 1 June,all,Gallagher.,"Well im not one for Review But ill try but my best and boy is this game worth every cent.TWAU is your classic telltale game It makes you The main characters relatable Makes the plot thick only around chapter Five do you get the full picture. and it has an equal mixture of story and diologue and QTE's. Plus youre choices will later on define your character as Ripping off a Mans arm will Most probably make people fear you. I got this on sale for $8:99 NZD So i do not know if it is worth the full price but if You want immersive story and An entrance into telltale games, Then this game is for you.This Review was written by Blake."
,Recommended,250320,27516382,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cheesefist,"By far my favorite Tell Tale game to be released. The Lighting, The Acting, The Action, The Dialoge, The Characters, The Villians (holy ♥♥♥♥ the villians). Everything about this game makes worth the ""Test Of Time"" Award. While there is a few minor bugs, one where every one stands still and the dialoge options say ""This Choice is blank"" is one I encounter the most, but its a simple quit to main menu then continue. If you have $25 dollars and you want a game that will bring tears to your eyes, heart racing action, and a very intreging mystery, please buy this game"
76561198032348675,Recommended,250320,11136563,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,steffenbk1,"Very good story, can't wait for season 2."
76561198119429594,Recommended,250320,11765210,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,GummiGamer,Telltales best work of art. ]Unlike walking dead you impact[or feel like it] the storyIts chars are charming and funnycant wait for the sequel
76561198029229660,Recommended,250320,11149227,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Anime Holy Land,"This game is epic, way better than the walking dead."
,Recommended,250320,21352950,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Blaze,"Bigby was sitting on a stool in a bar with a few bad guys around.Between the dialogue choices, there is one that reads [GLASS HIM].I thought 'Sure, serve him a glass of beer to ease the mood.'Bigby takes the glass and smashes it on the bald guy's head, starting a bar fight.IGN 15/10 would get deceived by the options again."
76561198024140088,Recommended,250320,8182128,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Zero,"YES, YES, YES! One of best stories I've ever seen, waiting for the rest!"
76561198048259980,Recommended,250320,29055200,Posted: 6 January,all,Dangerous Sex Bracelets,When telltale was still good.
76561198142723098,Recommended,250320,23062565,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Slybird,Play as the Big Bad Wolf
76561198011028879,Recommended,250320,10698812,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DynoMigHT,Thrilling game!!
,Recommended,250320,10704642,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fab,The little mermaid became a hooker.
76561197968968835,Recommended,250320,10696432,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Archaon,Awesome game!! Love the story.
,Recommended,250320,10696803,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Garrett Of Rivia,Awesome.
,Recommended,250320,10693091,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Arancarta,very nice
76561198069584226,Recommended,250320,10690876,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ramblingdragon,"Get this game now, before the spoilers.  It's worth all the cents!"
,Recommended,250320,10693213,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jacob,"Such wolf, much among us. Wow, good game. Very fun, do recommend."
,Recommended,250320,10696268,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,私の人々に裏切り者,this game is pretty good. wolf/10
,Recommended,250320,10695077,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Panopticon,Bad.♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250320,12848666,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Crushonator,This game was probably one of the best games I played in years.- Visually stunning- Characters voices acting really solid- Plot was amazing- You're choices seemed to vary the storyTo be honest I wish this game had 5 more chapters. I just couldn't put the game down from the time I started playing. Once I got home from work I felt compelled to play this virtual book.10/10 - Solid game and Telltale really went all out on this one.
,Recommended,250320,16411258,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,♛K1ngpinツ™,Masterpiece! :)
,Recommended,250320,33713822,Posted: 21 July,all,"you know, like, nya","literally the best telltale game, far better than the walking dead imo, season 2 shouldve come sooner."
,Recommended,250320,33719241,Posted: 22 July,all,Bishop,>I will remember this
76561197970078168,Recommended,250320,12041093,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,hermetico,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!.One of those great titles that can pass unadvertised and a real joy of art.Just a warning, the game exceeds violence (graphical and verbal).Detectivesque point and click adventure game, brilliantly developed as a living comic, with stunning art and a solid story line and dialogues. Several branched decisions will lead you to a forked story line.The story engages you from the very beginning.The game is split in 5 episodes and, I am really happy to bought the complete game because I wouldn't like to be waiting some time until the next episode was delivered.Do you like films like Sin City, 300, etc.?.Well, you will get that kind of Comic top notch story and art.One on its kind. Don't miss it."
,Recommended,250320,13538320,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Edgar Allan Bro,"The entire concept for The Wolf Among Us is incredibly unique. Although I'm still on the first episode, I feel like the characters give enough information to build suspense and intrigue without giving the plot away. The animation itself seems reminiscent of a graphic novel, which I find really cool. (Come to find out, it's originally a comic book called Fables....time to go read up, I guess.)Also, I love the fact that the outcome of the game changes based on the responses and actions you choose. It's somewhat similar to The Stanley Parable in that way: you can play numerous times and have things end differently each time, depending on what you decide to do or not do.I personally love the whole modernized fable idea, so I highly recommend this game to those who feel the same."
76561198014129751,Recommended,250320,16124820,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Frankie,"Superb fantasy world they picked up with this one, the story is alright and the graphics fits great to the mood of the game.Even though the story is still much linear and choices are as convoluted as the season 1 of the walking dead game, its not as bad as the season 2 of said game."
,Recommended,250320,14657044,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Emblem Parade,"I recommend this game, but it is disappointing.It is a visual novel (not a point-and-click adventure), made with top-notch production values. Graphics, scene direction, voice acting, choreography, are all as good as you would find in an excellent movie or graphic novel. It's a treat. It's why I'm giving this a game a thumbs up. Hell, the perfect portrayal of Colin the pig is reason enough to play this game!The game world is interesting and creative, but the concept is unbelievable and quite silly, and the awe wears off pretty fast. Note that it is quite dark, with graphic depictions of violence and death, and even features gratuitous sex, because I guess that's what's needed to make something ""gritty"" and ""adult-themed.""Unfortunately, the story, modeled as a detective story, is poorly crafted. You do not feel anything like a detective: gameplay is more about ""press any key to continue"" to the next clue than involving much thought on your part: your choice is often about where to go first, but you're going to get to the same place eventually, so who cares? There are areas to explore ... but they just have one exit and no items to click on. The plot is spoon-fed, and it's not exciting in any way. Just tell me who dunnit already. Some parts seem to move especially slowly.The ""ethical"" choices you face are likewise poorly thought out. In no case do you feel you are in any real danger. In no case can your mistaken judgement hurt people you care about. In the few instances in which your decision could lead to someone's death, it's not someone you really know. It doesn't feel like your gameplay matters much at all.Compare it to Walking Dead, where so many of your choices have gut-wrenching consequences, and this game is especially disappointing.It also feels somewhat short.All in all, it's a good demonstration of what Telltale Games can accomplish (and of course they accomplished it incredibly well in Walking Dead), but it offers a mediocre gaming experience. It would have been better as a short animated series, or even a feature film, than a video game."
,Recommended,250320,21347082,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,guy fieri,"Great story and has all the good elements of a usual Telltale game except one thing that kind of disappoints me is that..Your choices ultimatley don't do anything.Literally everyone will be a♥♥♥♥♥♥to you, even if you choose all the ""good"" choices they don't seem to have any effect at all.That kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but still, The Wolf Among Us is a good ten hours of engaging gameplay that's all well-worth."
,Recommended,250320,23845828,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lord Demon Pyro,"Just Finished it...How should I start...Great Game, Damn Good Story, especialy if you loved those fabel storys as child or still, but this now, is now kinda like... Bruatalty like in GTA + Fabels, or like LA. Noire with fabels or so. Also, I'm kinda like the BIG BAD WOLF.Can't wait for Season 2!"
76561197985552030,Recommended,250320,18214586,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,InstantRegrets,A very good game with an overwhelmingly good story that kept me captivated until the very end. Would recomend to anyone that wants to experience a good story driven game.
,Recommended,250320,18332274,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,low key,"WELL TO START, it's a great game.But just a few days after I got it, my account got a ban due to a mistake and it got refunded, but the funds were never returned; even after my ban was up.So now I never got to finish the game, plus I completely wasted my money. ;-;"
,Recommended,250320,18218147,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SomeBroad,"I really enjoyed this game a LOT, I loved everything about it the style, the story, the characters, the voice acting.  This is a game I know I will replay to unlock all the content, to get all the achievements and see what new choices might change the outcome for Bigby and the rest of the fables. I give this a 10 out of 10 and can’t wait for number 2…"
76561198250579258,Recommended,250320,18283265,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,girlygameralive4life,This game stiil has my head spinning but in a good way i hope there is another season coming.
76561198048065358,Recommended,250320,18349668,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,sanitynotincluded1,"A really fantastic experience. It's a ton of fun and tells a really great story. A warning to Mac users - this game is not technically amazing. Every two hour or so play session I would have at least one crash. If you can handle that, take a chance on it."
76561198147544996,Recommended,250320,18245114,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Grimmy,This game was one of the best games I've played in a while.Everything was so satisfying about it. The storyline was amazing. The Graphics were beautiful and grungy. The voice acting was top notch. The gampeplay was great (I played with a controller).This is adventure gaming at it's best. I honestly couldn't find a single problem with it. I hope they make a Wolf Among Us 2.
,Recommended,250320,18320512,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,clownboyftw,something from tell tale that doesnt suck
76561198045399434,Recommended,250320,18329575,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Striking Spider,this game be so motha facking goot that u know were to♥♥♥♥♥a botch
76561198059893850,Recommended,250320,18258188,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,[KoD] ExoSapian,HHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA FUn
,Recommended,250320,18288873,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,aagredano10,Fantastic! 10/10 Buy it! Play it! Love it!
,Recommended,250320,18244352,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,sliCkSta,Loved it..Update:Fantastic Story that keeps you engaged and wanting more.
76561198033220796,Recommended,250320,18263994,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Lysien,"Great concept and animation, only thing I wish was different would be for your options to actually affect the final outcome of those decisions/the story progression. Would make this an even better game, as playing it through again for multiple run-throughs would be more worthwhile :)"
76561198041411657,Recommended,250320,7373176,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Fried out Combi,This game is amazing. If you liked The Walking Dead by TellTale this is a must get
,Recommended,250320,22459854,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,beats2reason,Was not what I expected but a lot of fun. I liked the art style and the story was entertaining. I bought it on sale and felt I got my money's worth out of this game.
76561198062389549,Recommended,250320,7891828,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TrapLordPedro,Best Game Ever
76561198059516636,Recommended,250320,10981008,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Uncrowned King,"Mirror,mirror, hail the big bad wolf, or i will through you off."
,Recommended,250320,9133423,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Top Nep,"I like the part in the game where I get to control the character and piece together the mystery myse--oh, wait.I do actually like the game, but the lack of autonomy is frightening (especially in episode 2). In The Walking Dead I was allowed to explore each area in full. In The Wolf Among Us I feel like I'm just being handheld through scenes, then prodded gently but incessantly into the room full of evidence.Hopefully the later episodes are more open.-edit-Well, they sure didn't become more open ended, but the story was still good, even if it did lean on QTEs."
,Recommended,250320,7754374,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,GrimEagle4,"It's so far a great story, by the end of the first episode I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and ready to go hunting for the s.o.b. villian that is screwing with you."
76561198021093114,Recommended,250320,11145709,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Alucard,"You play as big bad wolf. But you not as bad as people call you. The game was great. The story was great. Plenty of choices to be made. If you're interested in a great story, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,250320,11867965,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Potato McGruff,"One of the best Point and Click adventures I've played. Became very attached to the characters, cared how the story went and jonesed over the release of each new episode. If you haven't played it yet, be very happy all the episodes are out now and you can play it in one shot.If you enjoyed the Walking Dead's playstyle, you'll feel right at home. Pick this up, it's wonderful."
,Recommended,250320,21261728,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MrCinimini,"One of telltale's better games. Really atmospheric, unique game with one of the most interesting backstories out there."
76561198144919455,Recommended,250320,33380888,Posted: 8 July,all,Jake$,"Just a great game. Nothing more to itIf you are looking to buy a new game just go for it ,you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250320,33223164,Posted: 4 July,all,TALIBANSOULJAH,"ive tried crack only once and it was very nice i cooked a small rock and took a few hits the effects come on very fast your high before you can exhale your first hit it is a very intense coke high you feel euphoric, care free and invincible and after a few minutes your back to normal there is no uncontrollable urge to smoke more after your first time"
,Recommended,250320,16025378,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Neróxide,"Never heard of this series, but I gambled on it. It's worth buying and getting invested into the Fables story. 9/10"
76561198129590672,Recommended,250320,34864858,Posted: 10 September,all,zoda2,love it
,Recommended,250320,34870543,Posted: 10 September,all,Mr. Pythen,"I just love this game, it has such a good story and a cool vibe. Definetly worth getting."
76561198321468679,Recommended,250320,33798912,Posted: 25 July,all,NotKoniec,Ms Snow made me to give a posivite review!!
,Recommended,250320,33781834,Posted: 25 July,all,PhiNic has G00D PING,Great game. I cant wait for season2... oh wait I have school
,Recommended,250320,33797812,Posted: 25 July,all,Thicc,Meh. Game's ok.
,Recommended,250320,13524606,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sean,This is a great game if you have enjoyed previous games by Telltale.
76561198169207209,Recommended,250320,26241190,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,arucana_112,nice story
76561198170689503,Recommended,250320,26295341,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mr. Memes,Amazing game.
76561197999695604,Recommended,250320,10213539,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,niin,"It is a mystery, who done it, story. You get to choose what flaver to experience. You don't get to choose the level of gore that happens when bad gets worst or the profanity. It is enjoyable but not to be played with others in the room...especially my kids."
,Recommended,250320,8192149,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Koro,"Another great release from Telltale Games, along with their usual assortment of technical bugs. First episode does a great job getting you into the story with minimal setup, and I can't wait for more to come out."
,Recommended,250320,7892829,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Guts,"By far, one of the most innovating games of 2013. I love this game in every single aspect and in all honesty, it's better then the Walking Dead. The story and characters in The Wolf Among Us is truely an amazing experience."
76561198006135085,Recommended,250320,32308116,Posted: 9 June,all,K-ralz,"The Wolf Among Usis a great game. I loved the characters, setting, story, aesthetic and music. I did not love the techincal issues.The technical issues were really annoying. I had to restart every episode multiple times. And on top of that, the frame rate was all over the place, when it really shouldn't have been. The only other Telltale game I've played was the first season of The Walking Dead and don't remember the FPS being this all over the place. Note, I played this on my MacBook Pro Retina, (13"", late 2013, 2.8 Ghz i7, 8 GB RAM, Intel Iris Graphics) but this laptop can run much more demanding games at a solid 60 fps. On top of this, looking at the discussions, I believe Windows users also experienced many glitches.Anyway, I'd give the game a final score of 8.0/10. Yes, the technical issues were annoying, but I really enjoyed almost everything else this game had to offer. Each character was well written, the story took a lot of satisfying twists and turns, the setting is so cool, the aethestic was spot on and the music fit every scene very well. I'm definitely gonna check out the comic series now"
,Recommended,250320,11144624,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Fincher,+1 | Great Game!
,Recommended,250320,16617630,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,PotatoBoi,Another amazing game from TTG.
,Recommended,250320,32628774,Posted: 21 June,all,Rad The Impaler,"8,5"
76561198162415372,Recommended,250320,13600026,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,kaypontbee,"I did not know what to expect from this game - I sure am glad I gave it a try! Atmospheric, addictive, well thought out (I hope that the few questions that are left open point to S2 rather than anything else), good looking... A couple of things I did not like: short, a few bugs (""empty choice"" or whatever the caption said). It is a superb point and click adventure with some QTE thrown in. Best game I played since the Mass Effect series."
76561198007220143,Recommended,250320,33389617,Posted: 8 July,all,Yaroslav1987,"woah...I wonder why I get that game so late.It's astonishing. It's great. Plot, pacing, story, characters, voice acting, music and atmosphere.It not need to be epic AAA game like Witcher 3 or whatever to score 10/10 with unique climate and excellent execution.10/10 Highly recommended, the best game from telltale."
,Recommended,250320,11577244,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,ZackJ,Great game if you are a fan of Telltale or games that feel like an interactive movie. It does have a few minor plot holes that the average person will not notice.
76561198103658866,Recommended,250320,29576050,Posted: 29 January,all,Disproportionate Retribution,"Best game I have ever played, and played again...and again. Would give a detailed review but if you'd excuse me I have to go play it...again.Very big number /10"
76561198040339303,Recommended,250320,18464424,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,germanboneyard,amazing! these lips are sealed.
,Recommended,250320,20177277,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JADERNIJ|ALKASHI,well if you like click to spot games then its good one nice story but you know they realy shuldnt put that timer on choises cant even read them all in that time so some of them i even skiped but well game is funy just not my style if it wuld be  more like you know real valking in map and realy fighting physics not like pres w or q in right time :) how ever i think its still may be called  a good game for this kinda genre  lovers :)
,Recommended,250320,20172170,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Not a fan of injoker,He can shapeshift to a gigantic wolf.... whut?????
,Recommended,250320,13540562,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ursopro,Snow White it's a ♥♥♥♥♥.The end.
,Recommended,250320,30852748,Posted: 31 March,all,F R A G,Amazing story doubt there will be a 2nd season though sadly :(
76561197970387541,Recommended,250320,10672083,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Eudial,"This is a well written adventure game that reminds of the ""Choose your own Adventure"" series from the 80's.  Except you can't die in strange and horrific ways.    The plot is engaging and the characters are believable.   However I often felt that I was kept on the rails and the choices I made felt arbitrary.  The final chapter is still yet to be released and once it is done I plan on replaying the game just to see if it matters what I really do.Over all, it’s a solid game and worth playing.PROS: The graphics are decent and the voice acting is spot on.CONS: Arbitrary Choices that don’t seem to matter to the overall plot."
76561198002631654,Recommended,250320,10985202,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Professor Doktor Nurglexxx,"Great game, from my perspective even better than ""The Walking Dead"" Season 1, an absolute recommendation"
76561198009129615,Recommended,250320,23696400,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ghilteras,"the plot is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, this game is simply brilliant."
,Recommended,250320,11173196,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Panzerklown,"The best or one of the best ""point and click"" games that I have ever played. It's good to see that there are still companies that care about stories and not just bullsh.it meat-heads shooting generic enemies against dark grey/brown textures. This belongs in everyone's library, no matter the system."
,Recommended,250320,33225167,Posted: 4 July,all,XinGst,"I just finished the game and it's such an amazing journey.This game is really ♥♥♥♥ing good. I wish they have more of it sequel.Every choice you make in the game really have it meaning.If you enjoyed Telltale: The Walking Dead I'm sure you will enjoy this too, this game quality is so high.There is a bug that happened to me 2 times that make every choices show 'This choice is blanked!' when you enter a new scene but I just have to load a save and reload that scene, not a big deal.9.5/10-.5 for that bug"
,Recommended,250320,11147604,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Zurakci,"Truely another masterpiece of Telltale Games. The art style, the story, the twists and turns. Much like The Walking Dead (by Telltale games), this is a MUST PLAY game in my opinion."
76561198069860606,Recommended,250320,10994197,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Richard Jokes,I'm not going to tell you that this is the best game ever. I will tell you that I personally think this is the best murder mystery game I've ever played though. Hands down.Episode One - 9/10Episode Two - 7/10Episode Three - 8/10Episode Four - 6/10 - Only on account of the fact that its literally twice as short as the rest of them. Still good quality though.
,Recommended,250320,12418642,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Rokolith,Really really good.
,Recommended,250320,7363585,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Vox Chaotica,Snow White is mai waifu.
,Recommended,250320,27981083,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Carnage,One of the best storylines of telltale inflated with childhood memories
76561197982765231,Recommended,250320,14344544,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Honey Glaze Spiral Ham,"The music is perfect, the graphics are decent.Now I won't go into details because of the story but i will say this, If you ever liked/loved a good story that gave you a interesting twist on your childhood, Buy this even if you have to take out a loan.Your Welcome"
76561198117022652,Recommended,250320,22284726,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,nemipiu,It's the kind of game you have to play more than once to discover all the posibilities
,Recommended,250320,8976330,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,wundertunge,"A provisional recommendation. It is difficult to compare The Walking Dead to The Wolf Among Us only because the tone and quality of the story are so different. I  for one don't like how you cannot turn off the ""Snow White Will Remember That"" cues given to you. In The Walking Dead, it was much more immersive to just see the responses through animations and other NPC responses.Also, The Wolf Among Us just doesn't feel as immediately engaging or as personal as The Walking Dead. Then again, one is filled with fantasy characters, while the other is humans in the zombie apocalypse. This could just be a preference thing.Still, with all that said, no one can deny the quality of the art and the voice acting. I would just say don't go in expecting the same magic of The Walking Dead. Then again, other people love this game more. So it could just be a taste and preference thing."
76561197982581918,Recommended,250320,30498923,Posted: 13 March,all,Oztington,Cool story i guess. Telltale games tho.
76561197991361347,Recommended,250320,11197911,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,[-THEMIGHTYBOOSH-],short on atcual gameplay but huge on story atmostfear style and tough decission`s good lengh of overall game time! .. but this is more like an animated graphic novel so its not like the walking dead were we get to roam about looking for items tryin to solve a puzzle that is the main diffrence ..... if you are like ohhh i dont know what to buy ... bare in mind that walking dead is more adventure game .. were the wolf among us is more a animated movie that u can slow down all happens real time... but the bottom line is there both grate games and if you like telltail games then i cant realy see you being disapointed in eather game ... unless its there so so jurasic park game
,Recommended,250320,7368959,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,KERNBOOM,"Great comic to base a game on, well done too, good gameplay, great replayability. I foresee this genre will be the new medium for storytelling. If you liked TWD, get this!"
,Recommended,250320,11140027,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Graysonn,"Really good game. It's quite sadly, a better mystery game than LA Noire which cost millions to make and unlike LA Noire, the ending is somewhat satisfying.I say somewhat because it ties up everything, all the questions you had in the previous episodes are answered and everything seems to be accounted for. Apart from the last minute which I won't say for spoilers but It really makes you think about the game as a whole.Bigby is a damn great protagonist and you really feel like the Big Bad Wolf when you're playing him. His wolf forms are some of the best moments  in the game and the final wolf form is really awesome. You aren't given much to start with but as the episodes go on you are given subtle clues which make sense in the finale and like a good mystery game always should, it has you thinking it was someone else the entire time.Great story, great voice acting, great characters just great."
,Recommended,250320,7855821,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Unforgivable Toon Fun,"It is AWESOME, retaking the role of 2012 award winner comic styled the walking dead, the wolf among us takes you through a binding, twisted story that went from everyday life for the characters to a mystry, Buy now and see yourself make hard choices,  Tempting actions, and see what kind of wolf you come out to be, will you earn the title as a hero or nice guy who is willing to help out others, or will you be always known as a mean and hated girl/pig eater, the Big Bad wolf, chose wisley my friends"
,Recommended,250320,7379784,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Drayden,Takes all the things that made The Walking Dead great and improved upon them.  The only downside is waiting for the next episode.
,Recommended,250320,11162437,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,namsookee,"I'm a big fan of ""choice-based"" games such as Mass Effect, Dragon Age, TWD, Fallout, and etc.This game, as a result, satisfied my craving for these type of games.Not only did it make the player the ""master"" of the story, it also allowed the player to be ""in"" the story. To be sympathetic to the characters' needs and wants.Like those of the titles mentioned above, the characters and their stories hooked me into playing this game for several hours straight. Sure, it's game play is nothing like the RPG feel of ME, DA, and Fallout. You don't have the option of customizing your player's inventory or levelling him up. It's graphics aren't breathtaking like that of Tomb Raider and other computer-intensive games. It's length is also incomparable to that of Fallout, Skyrim, or whatever. But, as Telltale Games executed with The Walking Dead game, the story simply piqued my interest and left me wanting more. No gimmicks. Just the story.If you want a quick game with a lasting impression or something similar to The Walking Dead game, go get this. It's one of my best purchases in the Steam Summer Sale."
,Recommended,250320,19052911,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,I Am Groot,"Bucket of poop11,2 out of 10 would poop in a bucket again"
,Recommended,250320,11692772,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Oneone,"Awsome games about Fables, buy it!10/!10"
76561198071323152,Recommended,250320,19109323,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,"Great story, but the dialog option is limited"
,Recommended,250320,11140411,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Edgar Allen Snow,It's better than Walking Dead.... The Choices actually matter!
,Recommended,250320,11850316,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Moe,"Amazing art & Music, Epic storyline that had me on the edge of my seat from episode 1. Top notch game. 10/10."
,Recommended,250320,13094932,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,eulogy,One of the most compelling games by Telltale yet.
76561198047685041,Recommended,250320,23726615,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Boosted,Damn.....the ending really got me.
,Recommended,250320,14053642,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,hUGO,"What can I say? This is a fine product. Is it worth you money? That depends on a couple of things. If you're looking at the reviews of this game, you probably already know what kind of game it is. We're talking point-and-click adventure. But really, it's something more than that. It's a graphical adventure with point-and-click elements. Just buy it. Play it. You'll enjoy it.9/10."
,Recommended,250320,9103943,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Dar-Ma,"good story n that, which is lucky cus it's a story based game"
,Recommended,250320,11170058,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,[KoH] Calamitous,Another slam dunk by telltale games. The story is amazing and having no idea about the fable comic it was still easy to understand and follow the story. Where else can you play as the Big Bad Wolf?
76561198037585126,Recommended,250320,8976595,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Fire Walk With Me,The game's story is fantastic.  The graphics are stunning a fit right in line with it being based on a comic.  The gameplay is a bit lacking in the interactive department but seeing how I knew that I am fine with it.Telltale is a fine company indeed and the multiple-episode content for the price is well-worth the price of admission.  This type of content needs to be supported...by you!
,Recommended,250320,10455288,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Al Ches,"Ater I complited whole game and must say this is the BEST of adventure game from TellTale Games.Captive and dynamic scenario, detailed and deep characters and charismatic main Hero in a comic book universe.Be carefull, cause players choices will influence future events in the story and future episodes.Absolutly worth it's money."
,Recommended,250320,9858909,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Elfezen,"All Telltale episodic games are worth it  Wolf Among Us , Walking Dead  and soon Game of Thrones and Episodes from Borderlands"
,Recommended,250320,7732257,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,vipuser2007,"Was I played The Walking Dead? No. In spite of all assurances - I couldn't cross myself and so hatest theme for me - Zombies. But I played The Wolf Among Us and can say with 100% certainty that it is astounding! Of course, nonlinearity here exclusively with the prefix ""pseudo"", but it is absolutely unimportant. Stunning art, Noir, hopelessness in the face of all your favorite characters of fairy tales, suddenly faced with the cruelty of the real world, atmosphere, which take by the throat from the first seconds till credits... Bravo Telltale - you have outdone yourselves again! 9/10"
,Recommended,250320,7799714,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,GH0STexe,Game of year 20131 Episode - 10/102 Episode - 9/103 Episode - 8.5/104 Episode - 9.5/105 Episode - 10/10
,Recommended,250320,16405065,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bobby,"This game lies to you, it makes you think that you can actually f**** Snow and some other girls by improving relations.You can't."
,Recommended,250320,7365174,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Law,"If you played 400 Days and began to think TellTale were losing their edge, the first episode of The Wolf Among Us should rekindle your faith in them."
76561198031073876,Recommended,250320,9221724,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mr.Nixon,"The Wolf Among Us is a truly compelling fairy tale for grownups.You can expect marvelous adventure with AAA storytelling.This game is definitely worth to play.- Richard Nixon, Black Cloud Studios,http://afterreset.com"
76561198043177952,Recommended,250320,18831504,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NathanD,A great adaptation of the comics . Fantastic art and a nice dark adult take on traditional fairy tales . Definently worth the price tag .
,Recommended,250320,8116910,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Squire micky of the mouse,OMFG ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IVE PLAYED
,Recommended,250320,12807412,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,B★RS,"The story isnt flawless...but its just EPIC, some questions....left unanswered, season 2 shall hopefully answer them for us. The characters are some that I shall remember....never have I been oh so into the stories like the wolf and the 3 little pigs(I especially remember that one) where they would come all together in a town and go about their lives, or for that matter where the(as bloody mary would say) ""Big Bad Wolf"" is the sheriff and must keep law and order in line for fable town.I shall remember this story....but lets not forget.....its not all answered....and hopefully that second season will be out soon.Glassed himteamed up with woody against jerseyand beat the crap outta Bloody Mary10/10 would go after her in the end"
76561198025394635,Recommended,250320,9006662,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,It's a master piece.You cannot pass trough this life without playing it.
,Recommended,250320,11139131,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,FullmetalNinja25,"It had some hit or miss moments here or there and some technical hiccups but overall this was a nice First Season, at least I hope it's the First and not the only. 9/10"
,Recommended,250320,8200212,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HappyZavulon,"It's pretty good, just don't buy it until all the episodes are out."
76561198057208454,Recommended,250320,29831913,Posted: 10 February,all,Ssdd,8
,Recommended,250320,13993888,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,"Around  9 hours for Main story completion on 1 playthrough.There really isn't anything else to do. A 2nd playthrough will most likely will just be for the achievements but it will also be ""Chapter"" specific only and not the whole game8.5/10 as one of the best stories for a Interactive movie. The game itslef is REALLY JUST A INTERACTIVE MOVIE. You will just enjoy the ride. The only downsides is the game length is a bit weak. the - .5 is due to the ""Illusion of choice""Needs improvement on ""length""? even though it is short it is complete but it feels incomplete ""Specially the ending""I recommend this game forthe story.- 2.5 hours ingame time. Forgot to close it lol"
,Recommended,250320,10048596,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Orphan™,"this game follows the big bad wolf from red riding hood named Bigby, but theres a catch all these fairy tales youve come to love over the years are real.  they are real and they were banished from anywhere human beings are so they made theyre own town a really crappy town called fabletown were all the fables do now is drink, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ themselves, and kill each other.  Its all up to Bigby the big bad wolf to find out who is killing everyone and to get to the bottom of everything."
76561198022951026,Recommended,250320,8389746,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,i take anal,Fantastic game. They nailed it once again with their new series. A definite pickup if you love investigation and telltalle-esque games.
,Recommended,250320,8471616,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,KIEZI <:(),i just finnished playing this game and i LOVED IT this is the BEST story in a game ive seen I HOPE THERE IS A season 2 anyways 10/10
,Recommended,250320,17777512,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,"André ""F"" Ribeiro",Really good game but it needs more guns becuz i cant play without me mlg snipers
76561198028111963,Recommended,250320,11704906,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Onizuka430,This game was a masterpiece. Enough said.
,Recommended,250320,9011779,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Fruit,It is amazing.
76561197977408710,Recommended,250320,16641149,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hooker Spit Soup,Good
,Recommended,250320,12169267,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,stonky honky,more like the wolf bad ..
,Recommended,250320,9802022,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mazzle Dazzle,"To start, I definitely recommend wolf among us as a wonderful story.  It's more of a choose your own adventure than a standard game. The episodes are small and straight forward and the puzzles are almost non-existant.  The real pull here is the gravity of your choices.  The game has a great array of characters and a great overarching plot.  You have the ability to choose or not chose how you want to deal with problems.  Your inaction can cost lives or result in severe consequences so you have to consider time with your decisions.  The pressure means that often you have to rely on instinct or quick thinking in order to get out of some hairy situations and it really helps you to feel the plight of the characters."
,Recommended,250320,11297985,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dingus McMingus,WHERE IS SEASON 2? HUH?
76561198046269101,Recommended,250320,11138364,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RhodosGuard,"If ♥♥♥♥♥♥ was a game, it'd be this game.I was sceptical at Tell Tale at first morstly because I was not quite impressed by the footage of The Walking Death. But this game turned out to be one of my all-time favourites of Video gaming.Lets start witht he plot.Your perception of what is real and what isnt, your own decisions everything in this game will make you doubt yourself, mostly because of this brilliant storytelling. There may be points not to be approven to easily (like some things being not totally logical) but all in all it is a classical yet still innovative story, just enough to the book to keep you strangled and enough innovation to make you addicted. The characters just feel like great everyone of them is something special and different. The story-development is just crazy good. And your impact on the story always feels right and wrong the same time you feel bonds with everybody you have a certain history with everyone and you can always find a point in your game you can question.The gameplay.Nothing new really but still  good enough. You sometimes have not as much reaction time as you might need and this just works so ♥♥♥♥ing well with the way the story is going. The quicktime events then and now give you just enough action to make you immersed again.The composition of story-based dialogue and thrilling action sequences makes the game uniquely awesome.All in all I have to say that this game is worthy of being the best game 2013-14"
76561198152938734,Recommended,250320,15056407,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,The Imaginary Stoner,awsome game
,Recommended,250320,11146940,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,"Captain ""Fabio"" Guybrush",PEWDIEPIES WALKTHROUGH IS SO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
76561198039287487,Recommended,250320,7892868,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Smithy1259,"GReat story and fun to play also, Wish the episodes would come out quicker though."
76561198130507990,Recommended,250320,18853211,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Lord Of The Snags,I gave beer and a ciggie to a piggy10/10
76561198001588454,Recommended,250320,7874894,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Atomoton,"This game is very immersive and very fun. If you read fairy tales as a kid, I reccomend this game."
76561198197302010,Recommended,250320,32967723,Posted: 28 June,all,Aaron,第一次玩这种telltale游戏，优秀的剧情，美漫画风，以及出色的人物设定，通过选择来决定你的下一步行动-暴力解决还是劝服，使你很轻松的就会融入到剧情中，战斗剧情不像其他动作游戏一样有华丽的击打场面，即使只有简单的QTE也并没有让它的刺激感降低，反而带入性更强；章节间的背景音乐也不错，以后要常玩这种游戏，既不累还能很好的体验剧情。不过游戏在操作人物移动的时候有时会不舒服；再就是希望能够丰富一下剧情，影响剧情的选项可以再多一点，比如结局，不论怎么选只能影响白雪公主的好感度，结局是一样的....
76561197970616511,Recommended,250320,9769819,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,JojoTheSlayer,A good game. Get it while its on sale. :)
,Recommended,250320,32630015,Posted: 21 June,all,Switch,"Excellent, excellent, excellent. Hope they make a second season, been waiting for it for ages."
76561198096999568,Recommended,250320,24288493,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ronin War Machine,Excellent game. Fans of the Telltale series games will have a hell of a time.
,Recommended,250320,10387828,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Jack,"This is how I like to rate Telltale Games' games.Story: 8/10 Very compelling, great build upChoices the player can make: 7/10 Could have been betterCharacters: 9/10 Fantastic personna's for all charactersCharacter Build Up: 9/10 Great build up, could have seen slight improvement with some characters build up.Voice Actors: 6/10 Honestly could have been a lot better. Mainly Beast, Beauty and Snow's voice actors or at least the voices could have been a lot better instead of sounding like a robot reading the script.Jokes/Humour: 9/10 The jokes and humour in this game had me laughing and crying.Final Comment: This game has a very compelling story, great humour and amazing build up of the story and characters through out the episodes.Total Score: 8/10And I would highly recommend purchasing and playing this game."
,Recommended,250320,24298100,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Eyyy Haaa,Review: ..... ..... .....These lips are sealed ;)
,Recommended,250320,11139308,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Still Tyrion,Probably not the most exciting *game* in the world but a wonderful rendering of the storyworld of Fables as an interactive narrative. As such a very enjoyable experience and worth every cent.
76561198042590261,Recommended,250320,29123604,Posted: 8 January,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
,Recommended,250320,12458663,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,RedMarz,[Glass Him]
76561197991695936,Not Recommended,250320,18474150,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,bustee,"The game is great... until you reach the final chapter. I was pondering whether to recommend this or not, but in the end, the last episode ruined this to me beyond repair. In the first 4 episodes characters get introduced and a very interesting story starts to build, but this is all thrown in the bin in episode 5. This game is heavy on storytelling and, in my opinion, this hinges also in quite a strong way on the believabilty of the characters. The game introduces way to many characters, even late in the story and therefore doesn't take enough time to make them known to the player. This starts to happen somewhere in episode 4 and gets extremely annoying in episode 5. The final scene is ridiculous (Almost all characters that had disappeared so far are appearing as jurors in a trial, which for many of them does not make sense at all. E.g. A witch, of whose existence you were unaware up to ep3 suddenly is important enough to be summoned for this and then everybody also seems to know her. People who asked you explicitely to kill someone are negatively affected from it without any explanation. That final scene seems to be just patched to make an end and give a run down of your choices. But the way it is done is just bad. E.g. said witch sides with Snow, although you had very little to do with her and the main thing that she did was to try to burn a tree that the witch depends on. Doesn't make any sense. People switch opinions all the time in this conversation to an extent that it sounds like talking to a bunch of lunatics.) The whole ending is way to abrupt and feels like it was written by someone else, just as if someone wrote the brilliant first 3,5 episodes and then some guy takes over who has no clue what he's doing.I still think it is okay to pick up the game in a sale and you will enjoy it a lot until you get close to the end, but then  all fun will turn into frustration over the apparent laziness of continuing a substantially interesting and well developed story and instead kicking it straight into the garbage can. It's a real shame, this game was awesome at first."
76561198069191260,Recommended,250320,11757951,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Mordecai,"Great game, great storyline. You are the wolf, good or bad, it's your choice.Highly Recommended.UPDATE: for steam award"
,Recommended,250320,7873507,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"Surprised to see none of my friends write a review of this game yet. It's pretty obvious what the game is, a dark comic style, choices & consequences etc.. I think five episodes, maybe six, but beware, it has taken a loong time for the second episode which still hasn't released @ the time of this writing, so it'll be a while before it's a finished entire game. That said try & buy it now while it's on sale, but worth the full price anyways.:-)"
,Not Recommended,250320,22041011,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ReasonablyTall HD 4K,"I didn't enjoy this game. The world felt underpopulated, the script was poor, the story wasn't engaging, and the 'action sequences' felt totally inconsequential; basically a half dozen bar-fights. Also it had bugs, glitches and worst of all, no option to turn off the 'idiot text' in the top corner (telling you whenever you make a 'significant' choice), which did nothing but reduce the immersion, and falsly imply that the dialogue choices have any effect on the course of the game.""Snow white appreciated that""I know, game. I was watching."
76561198065294290,Recommended,250320,14454175,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Queen Cunt,I like it. i want to ♥♥♥♥ snow white.
,Recommended,250320,28100368,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Baltez,"Do you like Telltale Games or Text-adventures in general? Is the story and atmosphere important to you in any game?If you answered yes to either or both questions, than this game is definitely worth your while! If the price is to steep for an (about 6-10h game) wait for a sale but if you bought telltale's ""the walking dead"" at full price and enjoyed it than you won't be disappointed with this one!Pros:++The Story is really well written and delivered. The pace is always high. There is always a nice cliffhanger which let's you long for more. Sadly also in the last episode... :-(++Characters/writing: Both are really good drawn and executed! In my opinion: Best use of a farm animal award!+Visuals: Stunning and stylish colour themes in Telltale's usual comic-look. It fits the theme and story nicely(Since the origin is a comic anyway).+Gameplay works fine with the Story.Cons:--There is no second game out yet. And the last cliffhanger really just gets the story started... If you hate unfinished things don't start with this one. It could drive you mad.--The game is too short. Although it's paced well, I still kinda felt it lacks more or longer episodes.(I think I played it twice, so the runtime is about 5-6 hours first time)(-Price: Sure it's atleast 5 hours content and marvelous at that, but I don't know if the 23€ still hold up, since you can neither play it very often or with other people(except you play the whole story together to experience the story).)If you are a fan of adventures and always thought the premise sounds kinda funny or childish than please still give it a try, you won't be dissappointed. The story is at least as mature as The Walking Dead, although with different emphasis."
,Recommended,250320,11141994,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Futilizer,"I have to say this game blew me away on so many levels.  The plot twists, that moment you think you know what's going on and BAM, you were wrong in so many ways. The ending is just astounding. 5/5 Will play this game forever."
76561198042109902,Recommended,250320,31765197,Posted: 15 May,all,G4MB1T,I never thought a telltale game would be my cup of tea. This was un charted waters for me considering I have never plaayed games of this genre.I had heard good things about it.Feeling like I should try this game I was very impressed.Got into the story very much and couldnt wait to find out what happend next LUCKILY i bought the game when all episodes were out as It would have torn me apart to be left on cliffhangers each episode ended.Choices choices choices!!! all equal different consequences...I love it
,Recommended,250320,10785280,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,play_helix,why does lee have a blue beard and why is clem a frog
76561198078496271,Recommended,250320,32293660,Posted: 9 June,all,RedZeppelin,where that sequel at
76561198037910259,Recommended,250320,8987942,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Uckermann,"Good game, but not as good as the walking dead series. And I do hate this episode thing, makes you loose interest."
,Recommended,250320,12705994,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,I've been waiting for a LOOOONG♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING TIME TO PLAY THIS GAME!  God i love Telltale games  this♥♥♥♥♥♥is the bestgameplay 8/10storyline 9/10voiceacting10/109.5/10 buy this masterpiece :3
,Recommended,250320,11139256,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Longes,"The game is about 1.3 hours long.Good: The ending actualy wraps up most of the plot.Bad: So why is everyone uncomfortably avoiding Bigby in the epilogue?Ugly: The court scene is stupid. All the evidence that we actualy do have is forgotten. I mean, The Butcher is standing right there, he has seen the back of his own shop!"
,Recommended,250320,14781072,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MelBee42,One of my favourite games of all time. Fantastic story and atmosphere with beautiful graphics - I was hooked from start to finish. Cannot recommend this more. The only problem with the game is that there isn't a sequel.
,Recommended,250320,18854104,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,The monkey did it.
,Recommended,250320,28936218,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,Is was her all along.
,Recommended,250320,18459169,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Pieróg,"Woah, just woah.It is just as good as The Walking Dead Season 1. Just buy it."
76561197993761128,Recommended,250320,34111943,Posted: 8 August,all,✪DRAGOON SLATE,"Best telltale game out there. Buy it, won't regret it one bit."
76561198017013327,Recommended,250320,11195851,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Mustmayostardayonnaise,"I've played through the first 3 chapters and am enjoying it. It was rather slow and boring at the beginning of the game. I'm not sure why I felt that way about it. It just didn't grab me, at first. But I was bored the other day and fired it back up and can safely say it got more interesting.As usual you mostly just have an illusion of ""choice"".  The actual effect of your choices is rather minor when all is said and done,  but I suppose the point of a game like this is more to enjoy the story, and I do.*edit: After finishing the story I felt pretty let down at the end. Without spoiling anything all I can really say is that the choices I was given didn't feel at all consistent with what I had done and said up to that point. I won't go so far as to not recommend it, but it bears repeating that you only have an illusion of choice here.  The ""end"" may not necessarily be the end, and a sequel is certainly not out of the question, but overall I was disappointed at just how little anything I did or said had to do with the story.  Despite repeatedly framing the character as someone ""doing my job"", ""I'll do what's right"", as someone following the law, the final scenes seemed to toss all of that out the window in favor of a strictly pre-defined, limited set of options.Warning:Do Not Visit The Forumsif you don't want major plot points spoiled.  At all.  The topic titles themselves are rife with spoilers. You willnotbe able to avoid seeing them. You've been warned."
76561198007506361,Recommended,250320,28982186,Posted: 3 January,all,Lodreus,"Very much enjoyed the gameplay and story.On the sale I was really looking for a game that could play with the choices I made. Simply remember the fun time I had with The Walking Dead, this was must have as I enjoyed TellTale games.It's a damn surprise that this game has a adult theme to it, and was not expecting swearing and bit of nudity. It also makes a change from playing The Walking Dead as you can't make harsh decisions whereas in this game you can.I don't have much to say and if I did it would be best if those who were interested just best buy it on sell, as I did. Shame there's isn't a season 2. I would so buy that."
,Recommended,250320,14173263,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Cyotey,"I'm surprised I didn't make a review right away for this game. Telltale's 'The Wolf Among Us' is essentially what life would most likely be like if fairy tale characters actually existed in our world. And it's nothing short of a masterpiece. If you've played the Witcher series, imagine how your choices affected the game and overall outcome. If you haven't played them, this game evolves and plays out by the choices you make and the consequences that follows.You play as Bigby Wolf a.k.a. the Big Bad Wolf who basically runs the town in a sense. He's the sheriff and makes sure everyone is safe and stays hidden. The most I can say past that is this is a mystery game. It plays out like a drama show and is separated into chapters. If you hate drama shows don't worry. It isn't like 3/4's of the terribly written and acted ones on TV. It's clever, has many twists, shows you how your choices compare to that of other previous players and keeps you hooked the moment you start playing.The only negative I can think of is I crashed one time for an unknown reason. And that's no big deal at all. I just had to reboot the game quick. Other than that, I literally have no negatives. And to answer the one question everyone has....no you don't buy each individual chapter. The whole game is yours. I cannot wait for them to continue this series. Definitely one of the most polished and well written games I've ever played. And I'll always remember my experiences with this."
76561198036662065,Recommended,250320,7404703,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Hashash,"This game suprised me, Telltale have done an amazing job with this game. You actually feel like you are the ""Big Bad Wolf"" sorting out mysteries in Fabletown.  This game is definetly 10/10 stars."
,Not Recommended,250320,21101237,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,dicksoft,"The Wolf Among Us is the second Telltale game I played. The first one was Tales from the Borderlands, and it amazed me. Big time. Most of the telltale games have overwhelmingly positive reviews, maybe it’s because they leave the players satisfied after finishing the game. I was totally satisfied with Tales from the Borderlands, so when I decided to play this too, I expect a lot from this game.The first thing that I have in my mind is that I got everything that I expected. Interesting character and their development, choices and consequences that tailor the story, and of course, the story itself. The story is great. It engaged me as a player to care about the characters and their problems. Especially with its unique element, that shows us the live of the characters we knew from fairy tales sand folklore in a small community in our own world.Unfortunately, this game didn’t bring that much of an impact on me as Tales from the Borderlands did. Maybe it’s because I am a Borderlands fan. Maybe it’s because Tales from the Borderlands is simply a better game than this one. There are some ‘hiccups’ that distort the flow of the story in this game. Many times, the conversations in this game felt shallow and unnecessarily stretched. This is crucial because as many Telltales games, this game is story driven and conversations are the main medium. This thing alone made me pick a thumbs down for this game. That is how crucial it is for Telltale to make this right.But in the end, I still think that this game is worth to play and it’s still a good introduction to DC-Vertigo comic series, Fables."
76561197977453168,Not Recommended,250320,29306914,Posted: 16 January,all,patnjer13,"Completely locked up my macbook, twice - requiring a hard shutdown.   I know, I know, ""don't expect games to run on mac"" but many do just fine, and if your application doesn't then it shouldn't be advertised that it does.  The game itself looks interesting, too bad I wont get to find out."
,Recommended,250320,24750527,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vince,♥
76561198090883321,Not Recommended,250320,23002302,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,huenm,"To be honest I was never a fan of the Fables comics. But I had such a good time with The Walking Dead Season 1, I decided to give TellTale the benefit of the doubt. TellTale does a good job of recapturing the lore and look and feel of the Fables comics. It's very good. Yet just like the Fables comics I couldn't get into it. I found the story very shallow and unintersting. The detective story and point/click gameplay gave me the nostaglic feels of Grim Fandango, yet I couldn't even bring myself to play it through all the episodes. I'd only recommend The Wolf Among us if you're a Fables fan. Even then I'd say this is a mediocre point and click game."
76561198131728983,Not Recommended,250320,22740253,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,flambros-msn,I think it's a great game but the Mac version crushes a lot and in random parts. It's really annoying
,Recommended,250320,9050054,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"Loved it, the art design, the story and the characters - if you played any previous ""Tell Tales"" games you know what to expect!"
76561198055851566,Not Recommended,250320,30079847,Posted: 21 February,all,ACS,This game t is unplayeble on a Mac computer! Just Google it because it crashes hard all the time!The story is nice but it is unfortunate that your choices don't really affect the story a lot. Some choices have no effect at all. The story will always play out the same way...
,Not Recommended,250320,23006972,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,StormenDK,"Cannot endorse for Mac-users.I like the story quite a bit. Very interesting take on the fables. And Telltales games are always fun, and well-written.But If you  have a Mac, then for love of all that is unholy, do NOT buy this game.I cannot count the number of times I have had it crash on me. Usually I can get through one, maybe two scenes, before I need to restart.Often it will crash just at the end of one scene, so you'd have to redo the whole scene again. It is infuriating.One would have thought that the developers would have fixed such instabilities by now, or at least admitted defeat and pulled the game from Mac OS. This feels insulting.Save your money, or buy it on PC (where I assume it works better)."
76561198220339541,Recommended,250320,31777952,Posted: 15 May,all,lexx288,"GOD PLS... 2 SEASON, PLS MAKE IT COME TRUE"
,Not Recommended,250320,21375342,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Big Boss,"So after dumping my whole weekend into this game I make the final choice, then I experience the apparently notorious ""This choice is blank"" glitch that effectively corrupts the save file. THEN when I tried to reload the save file instead of bringing me to my last checkpoint it threw me in the middle of chapter 1, and it autosaved. great. since loading the latest checkpoint was no longer an option I opted to just start over from the trial at the well but guess what? attempting to do that doesn't work either, it just starts over from the beginning of the chapter with NONE of the choices I had made up to that point. completely ruined the game for me. Thanks alot telltale, guess they were too busy counting their money to bother fixing game breaking glitches like this one. I won't forget this and I won't spend another dollar on a game with the telltale name on it. Play this game at your own risk. You've been warned."
,Not Recommended,250320,21800243,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"The only gameplay in this game is making choices, and while that works thematically in the walking dead it doesnt work here. In the walking dead you felt like the decisions you made would drastically impact how well you survived, because the game was about survival. Well in a noir mystery focusing on the decisions you make doesn't make sense; you know that no matter what you do you're going to solve the mystery by the end anyways so nothing feels like it has any weight to it. Because there is no thematic relation to the gameplay the complete lack of other gameplay sticks out and it just feels sort of hollow. Would've made a great miniseries on TV, but instead is a bad game."
,Not Recommended,250320,18026130,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Tartrazine,"The mouse and keyboard work well for fight scenes and other QTEs, but Telltale didn't bother to change the designed-for-consoles ""ring"" system for clicking on items during the slower paced parts of the game, and it just does NOT work well using a mouse. Wolf is still a great game with rich characters, but be aware that this PC port is very lazy."
76561198059818473,Not Recommended,250320,20685008,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,[)3Z,Overrated. Extremely overrated.Casual tag missing.The story is nice but that's more like a movie than a game.
,Recommended,250320,8155973,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TitsOnToast,A great game with a great story! Must play.9/10
,Recommended,250320,16456199,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Thunderhaz,"This game is AMAZING! The story, the characters, heck I even enjoyed parts of the gameplay.Pros+Excellent story+Amazing characters+Choices that effect the story in meaningful ways+Art style that matches the theme and is GORGEOUS+Soundtrack, the main theme never gets old.Cons-Movement, its a little clunkyTHIS ONE IS A SPOILER SO DONT READ IT-At the end, I wanted to avoid them going the farm. Put that was not an option :(All in all I recommend this. You need to try it out. I WANT A SEQUEL NOW"
,Recommended,250320,18445481,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Pixy ✿,Loved this game. Everything kept surprising me and I never knew what was to come. It was an enjoyable experience all throughout and I'm looking forward to the next installment of The Wolf Among Us.Telltale Games has officially become my favorite video game company. :3
76561198010641857,Recommended,250320,12204461,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ivan Moreira,"What can I say? Awesome history and great graphics for this one. Choices are really meaningfull for the history.Wish there were more like this, maybe a Constantine or a Lucifer one day? Who knows? I would love it."
76561198007747398,Recommended,250320,32107240,Posted: 1 June,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"Got the game on sale. I have to admit, I didn't put too much faith in it at first cuz I was never a big fan of comics. but turned out I love the game so much that I am planning to buy comic books of it.This game is better than some blockbuster movies. 10/10.TellTale for the win !"
76561198039880734,Recommended,250320,8161960,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hemo Goblin,Very good one episode in and i already find it more engaging than the walking dead and this is someone who believed walking dead was a game of the year candidate however i wish they would hurry up with episode 2 rather than announcing so many new projects
76561197994056558,Recommended,250320,13117752,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,M M,"Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ, steam keeps ♥♥♥♥ing up and it took fifteen minutes to get to this goddam page just so I could ♥♥♥♥ing say that they make you watch the godam credits before every ♥♥♥♥ing episode which gets annoying. But it's an amazing game so it's worth it but still ♥♥♥♥ those guys jesus christ."
76561198012872922,Recommended,250320,26677240,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jerebear,y
76561198128807564,Not Recommended,250320,21703363,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,yuhd1203,"Every choice you make doesn't matter because there is only one ending, so what's the point of making choices? Same thing like the BS ending of GOT this company pulled."
,Not Recommended,250320,20858888,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tomatoshadow,"Although I've really enjoyed this game, I have to admit I felt a bit underwhelmed.I did not know anything about this game other than it being a really good adventure game. My first impression of the game itself was very good, but I was already a bit irked by a few things, PC-wise before even starting a new game:Although I was playing on an SSD, I noticed that it hitched quite a bit, not something that I would expect from a game my PC had no difficulty running at a very high framerate. It was fairly distracting as the game itself is kind of like one big cut-scene.I couldn't get a controller working. I own a wired and wireless X360 controllers but usually play with a DS4 controller with DS4Windows which I usually don't have issues with. I ended up playing keyboard and mouse, not a huge issue but that was an extra annoyance before even getting in-game.I wanted to use Nvidia's DSR to play at a higher resolution. However, the game does not support DSR. In fact, it limited where my mouse could go to a 2560x1440 area ...Which prevented me from reverting the resolution afterwards. I had to look up where the settings files were located to try and reset things. I took me a little while but I was finally able to set it back to my monitor's native resolution and play the game at last.After finally being able to start a new game, I instantly loved the art style, the visuals, the colors, the atmosphere. I found the concept of the Fables very original, although I did not know about the comic books before playing this game. I loved the characters, really enjoyed the voice acting and writing in this game, something I find very, very important in a narrative game which is unfortunately often lacking in some other similar games. There's quite a lot of swearing, dialogues are often very rough and vulgar, so mind this if you're easily offended by these type of things.The game has very little gameplay and is mostly just a story. You will at some points have to interrogate people and search around. Those segments felt obvious at times but clever nonetheless.You constantly have to make choices through the game. You are timed to take decisions and characters will often pressure you into giving an answer rapidly. This could be stressful to some people that have slower reflexes, so if you enjoy taking your time, this might bother you. Your character will simply remain silent if you do not select any options.One important thing to mention however is that although the game advertises itself as being about making choice, and all these choices warn you that the action will have consequences, I rarely, if ever, felt like my choice ever mattered once I got further in the game.I found the story very intriguing. I had lots of questions at the end of the first and second episode. Sadly though, as much as I wanted to love this game, my interest decreased as I progressed. I expected a better plot. I was very curious at first but the plot did not surprise me in the least. There wasn't any twist, I felt like it just confirmed what I already knew since very early on.When I started, I expected much more residents in Fabletown. There was a new character every now and then but in the end, there were far fewer characters than I imagined. Most of them are ""gathered"" near the end of the game and it really didn't feel like the residents of a town but more like a couple people involved in the case. This just made me feel like the game had a lot of potential with this setting/universe but did not make the most of it.I want to say I really enjoyed this game but in the end, it left me unsatisfied. I liked so many things about that game but ultimately, I'm not going to recommend it for the following reasons:It's too expensive for what you get. It's 30$ at the moment. I finished the game in about 12 hours taking my time, went back and collected all the achievements in an additional hour (disregard my playtime, I left the game idle for a few hours). I'd recommend Life is Strange instead, it's 10$ cheaper and in my opinion felt much more developed. I do have to say however that Wolf is Strange has much better writing and dialogues, Life is Strange can be cringy at times, not this game.I'm very surprised to see the reviews this game is getting. I was going to recommend it but, although I know I won't make a difference, I want to leave a ""Not Recommended"" to balance things. I don't think it deserves as much praise as it is getting. It still is, however a great game and clearly a lot of effort went into it. But if you're looking for adventure games, play another before this one.On a side-note, I got the ""This choice is blank."" bug a few times. Reloading the game fixed the issue but I was quite annoyed by it. This didn't affect my enjoyment of the game much but it's sad to see major issues on the main path like these, even years after the game's release."
76561198202715927,Not Recommended,250320,24301144,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,tinytitan367,"I would love to actually play this game, but I cannot tell you the number of times it has crashed, glitched, and majorly glitched to the point where I have to re download the game! I dont know what it is, I have a 2015 macbook pro and the graphic settings are lower then what I have for Tales from the borderlands but it still is not working. everything is up to date and I have more then enough gigs of space for the game to run smoothly. I am excedlingly happy I did not pay full price for a game I cant even play."
76561198023681981,Not Recommended,250320,21181646,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,stayprest,"This appears to be an interactive movie of some sort although I was expecting to be given some time to make my decisions, at least enough time to read all the options before being taken down some default path would be something. Some sequences give a range of responses whilst others require you to immediately use the mouse to click on a portion of the screen or the keyboard to press a certain letter, it requires very fast reactions and the typing skills of Mavis Beacon to get anywhere during the action sequences. A game should not hinge on one's ability to find a given letter of the keyboard in a fraction of a second. I suppose it might be a good way to learn your way around the keyboard but repeating the same sequence over and over in an attempt to memorise exactly what responses you need to make to get past the next section is probably not the best way to learn how to type. Sadly I never got past the second scene before deciding to uninstall."
,Recommended,250320,14742235,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Joker,"The Wolf Among Us is easily one of the best Telltale Games out there(In my opinion it's even better than Walking Dead Season !).The graphics has always been an issue with Telltale but that's how it is and the character art is really well done!The Story is really good(It's a Dectective Story),Full of suspense and mystrey and there is never a dull moment.The ending leaves a lot of question in my mind hich is why I hope they make a Season 2 ASAP!Gameplay-wise it's a point and click adventure game where u make decisions(so of course it's NOT for COD fanboys) and if u love such games by TTG or anyother game maker u will surely enjoy it!Overall:9/10;Worth everyCent."
76561198085013601,Not Recommended,250320,21499569,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,armantanzairian730,"Great game, terrible save system..."
,Not Recommended,250320,20234192,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Adam,"The Wolf Among Us presents an interesting but too short and ultimately disappointing story within a fascinating setting. I'll describe the game's shortcomings as best I can without giving any spoilers.Most importantly, the story resolves few of its plot threads by the end of the game, and almost none of the most important ones. After the antagonist has apparently been dealt with, the game just ends. But the antagonist is not the main draw of a story like this! The main draw is the varied characters and the interactions between them. With the main bad guy out of the way, what happens to all the people who were previously in his power? What happens with the new administration now that the crisis has abated? Did anything ever come of the nascent romance? What happened to Beauty and The Beast, to Tiny Tim, to Prince Lawrence, to the Tweedle brothers, to the Pudding & Pie girls (if there were any left)? These and many other questions are not answered, and in the last two seconds of the game they imply that the situation with the antagonist was not settled as neatly as you thought either. So ultimately there is no closure. Maybe they expect you to wait years and pay more money to possibly get some closure out of a sequel some day, but you can't trust them to provide it given the way they ended this game. They'll probably try to hook you in for yet another sequel instead. What a disappointment and, frankly, a near waste of time to get to know all the troubles and hopes of these characters and then leave them all just hanging in the air.In addition, the game is very short, lasting only about 7.5 hours. It contains bugs that force you to reload the game and/or restart the chapter. (This happened to me five times.) And the input controls are very difficult to use for people who don't have QWERTY keyboards.The way they sacrificed the story quality for the sake of trying to hook you into buying the sequels is despicable. There's a way to do episodic storytelling that's not dissatisfying: in each episode you resolve most of the plot threads introduced in that episode while advancing a larger story in the background. You don't just leave everything unresolved. $25 is way too much to pay for a small piece of an unfinished story."
76561198119978955,Recommended,250320,20330647,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,EternalClimb,"This title is among those games, gave the most impressve expierence.The rest are: Max Payne, Mass Effect 3, X-com, Far cry, SkyrimNominated for ""Best Use Of A Farm Animal"" Steam award."
76561198037860324,Recommended,250320,13719471,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bard_13,"Please get this game to support Telltale in making a season 2. It is that good.The storyline is great. Great dialouge, great characters, great voice acting.  It's linear but who really cares, open-world games are becoming tiresome these days."
,Recommended,250320,31876797,Posted: 21 May,all,420BlazeIt /``` Mr. John Schlong,Collin is the murderer. Sorry for the spoiler
,Recommended,250320,18464075,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Sodium,This is the telltale game your looking for.
,Recommended,250320,8986496,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,jezuitx,"Inventive adventure game with an excellent story.  Also, if you're a fan of the comics you'll enjoy this interesting look at Fable town.  If you don't know a thing about the comics you'll enjoy this interesting take of noir detective adventures based in a fantastic fantasy setting."
,Recommended,250320,13341838,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,DiamondDog,Bigby Wolf is f*ckin cool.
76561197970323468,Recommended,250320,18710529,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ticktock1231,"This was a great game.  It isn't as brutal as other pick and choose games (Until Dawn) but your choices will make the ending way harder or much easer.  I really like the choice in using fables and how each one had little things about their past.  The big bad wolf can blow people away with his breath, Crane is a cowered and Beast flies off the handle about pretty much anything.  This was a really fun game.  Wish it was a bit longer."
76561198052118118,Recommended,250320,7441829,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,EVe,Really liked the first episode awesome story so far.
,Recommended,250320,11143461,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Dorraz,EPIC!!!
76561198061496784,Not Recommended,250320,14176726,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,HIV aladeen,"Overwhelmingly Positive my buttocksI remember when in Point & Click Adventure games you had to do stuff.Well not here. Sit & watch as the story unfolds all by itself. open about 5 doors, look at a about 20 objects &get achievements while doing it. In some of the best art I've even seen, with amazingly animated characters.You'll be blown away as you click on things to say. Click on where to go next, very rarly press W,A,S,D & mash Q.Then after 8 hours you'll feel like you've been ripped off $25 as you could have just watched someone else play the game on youtube."
76561198049945266,Not Recommended,250320,32269165,Posted: 8 June,all,ZombieKef,"I generally enjoyed the game, the way the story played out.And it is a story - you don't have a huge amount of relevant freedom that actually affects how things go. As long as you play it for the story, that's not a bad thing.But I really hate the way Telltale add unskippable previews at the end of each episode, with all sorts of spoilers, but you have to sit through it if you want to see the credits and hear the music. I put up with this for a while then stopped buying their games. All it needed was a ""skip"" button. It's as if they created a UI that limited your choices more than the game itself does. This just edged it into negative territory.Good story, average game, bad choices"
,Not Recommended,250320,22505288,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,TheWidowmaker,"I know people love it. I couldn't. It was my first and last ( I guess)  point and click game . Its hardly a game. Its like an interactive movie. Its interesting though but i wish it was a proper game. It has a dialogue box like in rpg games and you have to make your choice in like 5 seconds. There are mild consequences based on the choices made and then there is some serious point and clicking stuff. Good dialogues , very cinematic and good background music as well.  Achievements unl♥♥♥♥♥ for just looking at screen. These point and click games are good for those who want some easy achievements. Its just not my kind of game i guess. I can't recommnd it."
76561198000623992,Not Recommended,250320,16522863,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,C00LG4mƎ®†aG~~,"Well, this was supposed to be my first telltale game but i can't enjoy it for the time being since you simply can't play it on a mac. The game crashes very often making it non playable. I've looked for sollutions on the offical sites but there doesn't seem to be a fix for it and from what i've seen they don't have any plans on fixing it (yet).I don't own a PC atm so i'll have to pass on the telltale games for now.'so final verdict, do i recomend this game?If you use a mac: No.if you use a pc: I don't know, can't get far enough to tell wheter it's good or bad but looking on what others say this seems like a promising game."
76561198052674173,Not Recommended,250320,21338993,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SkyeRise,I guess I just can't deal with having to choose a dialog option in 2sec when I need 5sec to read it all. Then the sudden QTEs including having to click somewhere with no mouse cursor. What really tossed the cat out of the window for me though (as the rest might just be me not being able to play the game) was the game going nuts in places and just turning into a bunch of shadows that don't move anymore (like in the very first action scene I was suddenly outside the apartment and saw a shadow of a person not even there and nothing worked anymore).Not my kind of game and not even working properly with those bugs. Sad thing as I really enjoyed watching the LP of this.
76561198117184397,Not Recommended,250320,26701217,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,faisne,"The tags are misleading. As soon as I saw the words ""adventure"" and ""point-n-click"", I thought that was a game for me. I was wrong. It turned to be one of those very popular these days everything-depends-on-your-choices games, where you not so much point and click, as mostly sit and watch. <POSSIBLE SPOILER AHEAD> And to make things worse, your choices actually make no difference in the end, all that only for the sake of comparing yourself to other players.If you want to watch an interactive film, then you'd like it. Otherwise do not recommend.And yes, the worst part - nothing is skippable! You can't skip a cutscene or a line, so you have to sit through every boring scene."
,Not Recommended,250320,20507484,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sargeant Snipes,"First of I love the artistic style of this game, the story and the gameplay.But I encounted one issue which made me not being able to complete it.At the end of the last chapter, I came across a glitch, Where my character wasn't ther apart from the teeth, as I screencapped for all to see. I ended up not being able to make decisons as they all came up blank in a way. Then All of a sudden I came back to the beginning part of episode 4 confronting the Crocked Man as I went through the portal being attacked by his 'helpers'.This game was brilliant. Loved it, but this error/glitch I encounted made it unplayable and I haven't been able to get past it after 4 retires, it would just take me to the same part about where Bloody Mary comes through the mirror and all start attacking me.Brilliant game if only I didn't have to encounter such a glitch like this I would of reccommanded it."
76561198170255631,Not Recommended,250320,21639939,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Obi-wan-kenobi,"This ""game"" has 97 % positive responses at this moment. It is not that good! Only thing I can do to decrease too high number is to vote NO. Shame there is no 1-10 grading system so I can give it 6.5 (out of 10).The wolf among us is interactive animated movie. You give answers and make decisions which have almost no impact on story. And there are quick time events to kill the monotony. Story is not bad for someone who doesn't read a lot. For me it was a bit on a boring side.This game is easier to play with mouse and keyboard than with gamepad. You move around with directional keys and interact with left mouse button. Choose answers with left mouse button. QTE you play with arrow keys (or WASD), when you see circle left click, when you get in trouble you hit Q constantly. I usually play with controller but this game is much easier with M&K.All in all this is not 97 % overwhelming game but most of people give it + because it is more good than bad. There is no way I'm gonna play this more than once. Fells a bit like a chore even this first time. Sorry if I rained on somebody's parade :-)"
,Not Recommended,250320,16552224,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Fnordsensei,"Very entertaining game, but crashes continuously on OS X."
,Recommended,250320,11156728,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Mountain Man,Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyym
,Not Recommended,250320,26315579,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Lucius Annaeus Seneca,"This game needs serious improvements; it freezes, turns black, and shuts."
,Recommended,250320,7867055,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Master Tang,"Worst game too date, it just ends mid story. Not worth the 23 euro I paid for the game. The game also bluntly rips off famous fairytales by the Grim brothers to mention a few."
,Not Recommended,250320,35265438,Posted: 28 September,all,Pan Filuta,"I really tried, I just can't get myself to enjoy this game. The art style is beautiful, and I really love the whole idea. But it just all seems a bit boring and the writing is sometimes downright stupid.A: ""Yes, I work at this hotel's reception, but don't tell C!""B: ""Ok, I won't, unless I have to. Now come help me open the door to the room.""*upstairs*B: ""This is the door, open it""*C randomly appears behind*C: ""A, I knew you were cheating on me with B! You two are in a hotel together, hence you are a courtesan! RARRGH!!!""A: ""No, it's not what you think!""C: ""You're cheating on me!""B: ""No, it's not what it looks like!""C: ""She is a hooker!""A: ""No, I'm just *helping* B, no pun intended!""C: ""AAAAARGHHH! I'm gonna kill you!""B: ""Listen to her, it's NOT what it looks like!""*C attacks**B and C fight together for half an hour, while A is watching them*Me: JUST TELL HIM YOU WORK AT THE RECEPTION ALREADY YOU STUPID LITTLE BIMBO! AAAARGH!!!Anyway, I cannot say I wouldn't recommend this game, but I just feel the need to balance the crazily positive score this game has. Really, 99%? This is one of the best games on Steam? It's good, but it's definitely not a game for everyone... you have to be really patient with the story to enjoy it. For me, The Walking Dead was much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,250320,16411939,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Flipzer,"Really good crime thriller, a must-buy during the summer sale! :)"
76561197997457817,Not Recommended,250320,11144816,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RUSHMAN,"I really wanted to like this game, but ultimately I can't recommend it. For me it was just too preachy. I understand the idea of having consequences for your actions, but at times it feels the writers made characters behave in ways that didn't make sense, just to force an overdone, moralizing point down your throat."
76561198020698413,Not Recommended,250320,33599634,Posted: 16 July,all,Lil' Sebastian,"Possibly the most overrated game on steam.This felt like more of a movie than a game, for reasons I will explain later, so I'm going to be reviewing the story for the most part, leaving the terrible gameplay mechanics alone.1.Every plot twist is a fake out of some kind, they are just used to get players to come back for the next episode, writers should not be able to get away with this crap.2. Every character is 1 dimensional and predictable, and not even likeable, except maybe the protagonist Bigby Wolf, who I'll talk about in my next point. They are also incredibly inconsistent, people will like you at one point and then hate you a minute later for no reason at all other than to create tension and drive the plot. There are also a few characters who serve no purpose whatsoever other than to waste the players time, not sure what Telltale was thinking here.3. I didn't mind the character of Bigby Wolf, a sheriff who's trying to fight his bloodthirsty nature and become a good person, but I never actually got to see his struggle, because every time Bigby has to make a choice, I get to choose for him, so it's not Bigby trying to overcome his dark side, it's me making the easy choice for him, when I really have no idea what it would actually be like to be in the Wolf's shoes. This isn't how characters should work, the Wolf isn't even a character at all, more of just a vessel for the player to ""direct"" the story with, and so a potentially great character is absolutely wasted.4. My main issue with these games is that you make the best decision you possibly can in a given scenario, thinking you will be able to explain your decision reasonably later on, but the game never lets you. For example, I mercy killed a character at one point in the game to end his suffering, but later on in the game when people ask what happened to him, I didn't have the option to say ""I mercy killed him,"" I could only say ""I killed him,"" which made everyone mad at me. There is no way I could have foreseen such a stupid restriction on dialogue, and I could have easily avoided making everyone mad if I just had some common sense options for what to say.5. Here it is, the classic complaint about Telltale games, your decisions legitimately don't matter at all. It felt way more noticeable in this game however. Players might as well choose a random choice at every turn, because the ending will be the same no matter what you do, and characters are scripted to get mad at you or be pleased with you regardless of how you treat them.There's a million other things I want to whine about here, but I'm trying to keep this review spoiler free, so there you have it."
,Not Recommended,250320,33562101,Posted: 15 July,all,for the bois,"The world created is really amazing and very well done, which makes the game especially disapointing.The reason for this games downfall is that there are only a few choices in this game and they do not affect the story AT ALL. There's just an illusion of impact.The gameplay is extremely repetitive as well, which would be fine as this is a story driven game however due to the fact that you don't impact the story at all the whole game ends up just being a boring waste of time."
76561198246829710,Not Recommended,250320,19108816,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,musikjunkie76,"what to say about this game....well it has a good story but that's it. by far the EASIEST game I've ever played. The quick time events are a joke, the clues are easy to find, it really doesnt matter what choices you make and a lot of the game is predictable. If you're 12 years old, you'll love it. I'm 24 and didn't break a sweat for a second. with that said, i will most likely play thru it one more time just to play brutally instead of diplomatically. still, i see the game ending the exact same way. in a choices and consequences game, you need multiple endings. there are some cool looking action scenes, but it's a game not a movie. overall 5/10."
76561198046078166,Not Recommended,250320,25227894,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Galecko,Last night I got really drunk and decided to develop a game. It was this ♥♥♥♥♥rocity of a game
,Not Recommended,250320,8540453,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ShadowDancer,"Two conditions are fundamental for my review. On the one hand, I've heard a lot about Telltale's way of making games and how it gained fans and loathers alike, but I've never played one of those games apart from Sam & Max which I found to be mediocre. On the other hand, I'm a big fan of classic LucasArts adventures with Grim Fandango as my first and definitive experience in the genre. Yet I always had a tough time solving the puzzles in those games and had to shamefully resort to walkthroughs in order to complete them. Therefore, I don't see it as a real issue that game mechanics in The Wolf Among Us are extremely simplyfied compared to your average adventure game. In fact, this lets you focus on the two elements, which are pivotal in this interactive graphic novel: Story and Decisions - and those are done really well.The game's plot is enthralling, characters are fascinating and - though they are fairy-tale creatures - authentic, and there's an dense atmosphere which reminds me of both GF and Vampire: The Masquerade. The player's actions really seem to matter and I hope my decisions will shape the course of the future episodes which I'm looking forward to play.Nevertheless, there's one thing, which bugged me during the first two and a half hours of this game. I wished coming episodes would give me a little more freedom in terms of exploration and investigation. I want to know a lot more about the ""Fables""-world, about it's characters, backstories and ugly secrets. Yet the game doesn't let me. Areas are extremly small, dialogue options limited and there are only very few objects to look at or people to talk to apart from the things necessary to advance in the storyline. Adding only a few degrees of freedom would make this game even better. And I know Telltale is able to do that.---Now that I've played all episodes I have to say, I've never seen a game going so downhill after a promising start. The story turns out to be a mess, technically the game is mediocre at best and the gameplay consists of only three elements: talking, clicking things and pressing keys the right time. But what really killed The Wolf Among Us for me was the way how the story unfolds and the characters act in it. The more I played the more I wanted to act differently, to make choices, to take action. But the only thing the game let's me do is deciding which place to go next and walking around a bit. The main character Bigby is absolutely passive. He sounds cool and all but he never acts clever or takes the initiative. He's just running behind events, not taking part in them. Instead of trying to solve and understand a mystery, I was just watching cutscenes that made little to no sense and detached me from the narrative. Sorry Telltale, but if that's the best you can deliver, I won't be your customer again."
76561198127141236,Not Recommended,250320,13929024,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,lvf333,If you have OS X Yosemite DO NOT purchase this game. It crashes every other load screen causing you to have to repeatedly play up to 30 minutes of gameplay over again. It makes the whole experience unenjoyable and frustrating.
76561197999896211,Not Recommended,250320,33085837,Posted: 1 July,all,Myzze,"Bought this expecting to play one of the greatest games out there. It was the equivalent of buying a bed for your dog just to have it prefer to sleep in the box it came with.It was predictable and the narrator won't let go of your hand. You can't fail. Literally. No need to actually thing in any decision.You can play through the entire thing in a day.Theres a common bug that messes the whole game up, which you have to restart the game (or go to the main menu and back) to fix it.I'll write this in spoiler but i will also write it a bit cryptically in case someone reads this by mistake:I loved it when in the end of the first episode a certain head turns up on the porch. That feeling turned when i started episode 2. Why'd they have to ruin it.Overall it was a decent game by all means, but as a protest to all the praise it's getting, along with all the other things mentioned above, this will be a negative review.Sam & Max is Telltales best game, FYI."
,Not Recommended,250320,28128554,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,COCK,no replay value
,Not Recommended,250320,13525954,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Cyrille,"The game, the story and the visuals are really nice and original, but the game is about choices, and in The Wolf among us, choices are not very difficult to make : it is just about being a calm and good guy, or a violent and bad guy.That is why I say I do not recommend the game, even it is not a bad game. To play a story with deep and difficult choices, you should better get The Walking Dead, from the same studios."
76561197997368968,Not Recommended,250320,13362738,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Aegis,entirely quick time events
,Not Recommended,250320,14679050,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,GartholamewD,"I paid for this game and it doesn't even work on my pc. Why on earth would I have paid for it had I known. I would love a refund, or an explaination as to why I apparently am just not allowed to play something I've paid for...."
76561197971162580,Not Recommended,250320,16606235,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Clint Hardwood,"Go to the positive section to find what you need to know, but what I am putting in is that they haven't made a new chapter/episode in seven months. Pathetic on Taletells part that they cannot finish a project before making a new one."
,Not Recommended,250320,16930736,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,katmai2000,"This is the worst game ever. In one minute you get into a fight and must do some quick time event, but the Q button doesn't work and NOTHING you can do about it. Goodbye money! Even a 1 out of 10 is too good for this game."
76561198027103160,Not Recommended,250320,14203575,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tidaldust,I like Telltale games but this one didn't work for me. Not interested in the universe or invested in the outcome.
76561198095567002,Not Recommended,250320,18728718,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,James M. McGill,Mega Bad story! Good walking dead like graphics and movements. But only three cool fighting scenes. So much crappy dialogues. I mostly stay silently hoping the game will move on faster. No identification with any characters. Crappy ending: some ♥♥♥♥♥s tyin' to start allover but get catched by their pimp.Also hate all this fable crap and who the ♥♥♥♥ is this guy who owns the pawn shop?Not even worth the 5 bucks i paid.
,Not Recommended,250320,15016910,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,saset ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"This is a good animation, I cant say this is a game."
76561198041368788,Not Recommended,250320,10473912,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Detective,"this is one long animated movie that you can just sit back and watch. There is such a minimal amount of gameplay that I am amazed that it is called a ""game"" at all. The story line is very good, but, once again I will say that this is ""not"" a game but a minimally interactive video."
76561198039903941,Not Recommended,250320,14306136,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GG Wentworth [LAG],"After playing Episode 1, I knew I was hooked.  I absolutely adored everything about this game.  The intricate mystery set up in Episode 1 looked like it would prove to be very interesting.  The setting and characters were all incredibly interesting.  In fact, after playing through episode 1, I went out and read all of the Fables comics just to get more.  Then Episode 2 came out and it had some problems.  The ""choices"" were starting to become pretty transparently linear, but the story seemed to really be going somewhere interesting.  Then Episode 3 came out and it seemed to be getting better, except for a few moments when characters behaved completely unreasonably.  Then Episode 4 and 5 hit and it became obvious that Telltale no longer had their A-team working on this.  Characters started behaving erratically in order to force moral dilemmas on the player, the villain was revealed to be the most cliché character possible, all characters lost the ability to think, major plot elements are completely forgotten, incomprehensible and irrelevant twists abound.  Never before have I seen such a promising game fall so far.  The last two episodes honestly feel like they are made by a Telltale Games copycat company.  Everything that made The Walking Dead Season 1 great, was done wrong here.  Before this, Telltale Games was one of my favorite game companies.  Now, I refuse to buy any more of their episodic games until all parts are out and reviewed.  If you liked the world, characters, and atmosphere of this game, check out the Fables comics by Bill Willingham.  At least Telltale can't ruin those."
,Not Recommended,250320,14785821,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,*GenevaCon.,"Sooo. I Really enjoyed this story. I was hoping to enjoy the ending the most, and then the game just broke. Random scenes with the choices all blank. Then scenes missing characters and then I quit. Sad to think all the choices I made gave me no conclusion. I hope more players experience this so we can get the problem fixed."
,Not Recommended,250320,11399303,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,aScruffyNerfherder,"This first season of The Wolf Among Us jumps off to a great start. However, the quality suffers on an episode to episode basis, with the player feeling like they aren't really accomplishing much. Decisions begin to matter less and cracks in the story begin to appear more and more as you progress, making each episode feel like it was rushed.However, there are other aspects which are simply fantastic - the music is excellent and the characters are exceptionally well done in context to the comics this story is based on.All in all, I do not recommend this game if you do not already enjoy interactive stories like The Walking Dead or other visual novels."
76561198059668327,Not Recommended,250320,13941118,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,warrenater132,"If you are a fan of the Fable comics like I am then don't get it, don't get me wrong the Wolf Among Us is a good game, but it misses out big key people from the actual comic and other important features. I know this is a prequal to the fable comics so many important people such as Prince Charming, Rose Red etc, and the way it isolates Bigby is kind of odd since in the comics he's never really being isloated from the rest of Fable town since they is normally some when to have his back, another thing I found ood was the design of Fable town and the surrounding area, making it basically look like a♥♥♥♥♥♥hole, really dark and delapidated, yes some places are like that this in the Fable comics but for the most part the comic is colourful and shows us some pleasent places and it isn't all dark and dingey."
76561198025320739,Not Recommended,250320,13448878,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,rangerxp,Glitchy on Mac Mavericks.This game is essentially unskippable cutscenes interspresed with quicktime events (hate those two).
,Not Recommended,250320,15337030,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Jacket,"This is an example of to much of the same thing. Telltale keeps putting the same game out but reskins it. Game of thrones, Wolf amoung us, Walking dead 1&2, Borderlands. All having the same controls and same concept. They also claim that you have a huge effect on the story but thats that really true. Usually your just picking between sides between factions, and alot of railroading.Ill talk a bit more about the wolf among us. The strong start out strong but quickly gets to deluded. A women you save from your arch nemesis head shows up on your doorstep. this sets up out mystery, but the game steers away from this and turns into standerd telltale. The mystery begins to feel like an after thought. All evidance collected in a chapter is deleted when starting the next one. Then at the end of the game they just tell you who did it. Which makes this game feel more like an action trhiller than atmospheric mystery game.You have minimal effect on the story, and only two scenarios where you effect the outcome.  Scenario One is mostly choosing your side or snow white's side, or the side of the other person who is currently in the scene.  Scenario two Is based on if you kill the bad guy or just arrest him."
76561198090958432,Not Recommended,250320,13191727,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,HomeChicken,"In many ways, this is actually a very nice game -- the only major negative is that it somewhat linear.  Art style is great, story is good, characters are pretty cool.  But there is just not as much content as other games (you will be done in 7 hrs) and many of the decisions have some amount of morality difficulty but really can be boiled down to the question of: are you a jerk or do you like making people happy?  Also, the characters curse as if it was going out of style (they curse pretty much non-stop, to the point of being a bit ridiculous).  Also, sometimes you can find clues but they may not be meaningful or make any real difference.Really not a bad game, and this could be a good game for you, but I'd probably recommend buying a graphic novel instead."
76561198157956713,Not Recommended,250320,13986394,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,**Uncle Bob**,"The reviews are overwhelmingly positive, so I am sorry to write a bad one, but devil's advocate and all that.The story IS very interesting. The style and graphics too are very good. Voice acting and direction is film-like.However, it doesn't really feel like a game to me. It is very linear. Anything you can select and click on is VERY clearly labelled (evidence, doors etc) - so not much of a puzzle element. The (excellent) story flows on, and you must select your responses to the conversations, thus changing the story. However, I found this very boring after a while. The experience felt very passive. Just click to advance the story. I felt I didn't need to be involved really.Fighting too was all a bit confusing, but once I got the hang of it, it's just a bit of clumsy button-mashing or 'press 'x' now or press 'y' now (Xbox controller). No real skill to it, and I felt it lacked any real engagement on my part.I'm not a huge fan of the 'make a moral decision' style at key parts in the story, and at the end of the chapter I was told what percentage of other players made the same decision as me. (Am I meant to care?!)  I just don't get that at all. It's like some kind of moral lesson, and if I got it wrong, I feel like I'm a moral lepper or something - I'm being judged by some spotty computer programmer's concept of morality. (Maybe I shouldn't take it so seriously?!?)It also feels like a bit of a money-spinner. I know games are designed to make money (thank god for capitalism, or none of this would be here) - but it feels a little underhand to be honest. Suck me into the story, and then sell me the next installment. Again, maybe that's just me, but personally I'd rather just pay for a game and that be that.Rightly or wrongly, that was my feeling. Not really a 'game' - but entertaining for what it is. I cannot fault the presentation though. First class. I wish I could post a percentage rating rather than a simple 'yes' or 'no'  - but there it is. In summary, I wouldn't have bought it if I could have played a demo first, but that's just me. Plenty of people seem to love it."
,Not Recommended,250320,11190228,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,nFec,"While I was kind of hooked for the story the negatives overweigh:* You are offered information to come to conclusions on your own, yet you can't voice them. Having to pick other options, or none, just to have others spout the correct thing at you. That's annoying.* In some scenes it just doesn't take into account what exactly you said before, it just goes to the default end. This especially annoyed me at the butcher. I never told him about something beeing wrong with the mirror. But in the final cut scene it was as if i did.The above are just two things about this that really rub me the wrong way.Of course there are a lot of pathways, but come on. Thats the only big part those devs have to focus on. Thats the main part of a game like this. To have it just not work as expected is just annoying.Also after the third episode bugs turned up that gave me a lot of ""this choice is blank""s. Forcing me to restart the game and repeat the scene, after which it worked again.So for so much time to prepare each episode I am really disappointed with this one."
,Not Recommended,250320,10381522,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Grand Tour,Everytime I tried being friends with the toad he rejected me
,Not Recommended,250320,10777926,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,doki doki waku waku,"Mixed bagstarts great, 3rd chapter is when it gets dull, and choices start becoming less and less to what I really meant or expected to say.4th chapter is short and really uninteresting, reused situations and reliance on QTE action to keep things interesting when it's really just dragging out a story I cared about until nothing happened for two whole chapters.basically, if the finale is great, I would recommend, but as it stands, no, it's just missing something vital."
76561197971400927,Not Recommended,250320,13559180,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,roy86,Great game but horribly BUGGY...  It is not saving my progress ... so far 4 hours of my life has been wasted... I dont know what to do.!!
76561198005578711,Not Recommended,250320,13254531,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dirty Sanchez,A major disappointment. Nowhere near the greatness of the walking dead series. Story left me unimpressed hoping it would get better with time... It did not.
76561198172237231,Not Recommended,250320,15675643,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,aldtom,"Good GraphicsInteresting StoryNo real challenge mentally, but the 70s called and want their ""WASD"" keys back when it comes to fighting."
76561197971167598,Not Recommended,250320,10803768,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jstenuf,"I guess this is not my kind of game.  It is slow, tedious, monotonous, and boring."
76561198008390509,Not Recommended,250320,11143825,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Remington,The game would be good it it worked. There is a common bug that they are sloths in sloving where none of the player choices you make carry over from episode to episode. if your choices dont do anything in an rp game you are basically watching a slow movie. would haved like to recommend it. if the staff put a moment of effort into solving the issue i would have given it more props for the effort. huge fables fan. sold me a broken game i want my money back
76561197981682505,Not Recommended,250320,11619483,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,"If it feels like work to play, then it's not a good game. Very interesting idea but not my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,250320,11441470,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,kaonsz,Wolfsman fight is bugged.  Read about it on the forums.  Doesn't work for me.  Not impressed.
,Not Recommended,250320,14483942,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kelder,"If you don't use wsad for movement, keep away from this game. Keyboard remap menu is completely broken and the default key bindings are impossible..."
,Not Recommended,250320,16675260,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,L3U5,"Meh, just watch it on YT if you're curious about the story. You almost have no impact on this ""game"" while ""playing"" it. This was the first and the last time I bought a Telltale game."
,Not Recommended,250320,16393307,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,«Beany»,Doesnt even launch properly for me.Resolution changes everytime i launch itBlack screenCrashesShame :/
,Not Recommended,250320,12292414,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Exarch,"First things first: I like my moody urban comics as much as the next guy, but for some reason, I never really got into Fables.As such, I mostly picked up ""The Wolf Among Us"" because I loved Telltales previous game, ""The Walking Dead"".What I got here, though, didn't grip me at all: While the game is beautifully drawn and acted, and all the relevant players make an appearance, the story never takes off. The game trickles along, with surprise wrapped in mystery, and never comes to a satisfying end, most characters remain shallow at best, and the protagonist feels much too limited by the game's engine to really shine.As such, I cannot recommend it, unless you are a big fan."
76561197977649322,Not Recommended,250320,14106581,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Echoic,"The two main problems with WAU are the story and the characters.  The characters are difficult to like so you find yourself not really caring if they succeed.  The plot is cliched and you have no real control over the pace or the outcome.Eventually you're just mashing Q to watch more cartoon characters acting tough and fairy princesses getting abused.  At least, some scenes are amusing due to the fairly farcical 'Fairy tale characters doing noir tropes' thing.On the other hand, The Walking Dead Season 1 by the same dev was great."
,Not Recommended,250320,13663295,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,2Pro4U,"Played for 2 hours and it ends. Episodic or not, that short is of no interest to me. If you don't want to have a game end on a cliff hanger, and not even be told if you have to pay to play the other episodes or not, I wouldn't pick up this game. A BIG uninstall for me.2 hours of gameplay, just to be cut off is not an interesting way to end a story or episode.During the entire purchase, and install phase of the game I have no idea if I have to pay for more or not. This is not something I should be left wondering about. Nor should I have wondered about it. Feels like an incomplete game, and for those that want to actually finish a game in a single sitting or two, I will pass. Interesting story, but the presentation does not suit my play style of single player."
,Not Recommended,250320,14319569,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,TheSilverHammer,"I played the walking dead game by this same developer.  It was a good story, except for one major problem.  Your choices didn't really matter at all despite the game telling you they did.  This left a sour taste in my mouth.So I bought this game when it was on super sale forgetting about the previous game.  So I started playing this game and then remembered that fact from the previous game.I also then encounted the Quck time events, which I hated from the previous game.  Another thing which annoys the hell out of me, is that every dialog choice is timed and you have no time to think about anything before a choice is made for you.Finally, the story is just a mish-mash of other stories you have all seen a hurded times before.  Its just a bunch of old stories with a very thin veneer of something new.Now if you have never played a game like this, then I would say give it a try. Otherwise, its just more of the same and not to bother."
,Not Recommended,250320,8182935,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,leXith,"Beautifully done story and it's just the tip of the iceberg.  It's what I've come to expect from the same guys who did The Walking Dead.  Quite a bit shorter than The Walking Dead series, but to be fair this one just started.  Looking VERY forward to the next several episodes and I plan to purchase anything else these guys do.Highly recommended although you may want to wait until there is more of this game out.  I'm already starving for more.Picked it up on sale and for what I got, I think the price was close to on.  Not sure I'd spend full price on this.  Seemed a little short for the $15 I spent on it, but don't let that dissuade you from considering it.[EDIT] Part 2 of this reivew.I've stuck with Telltale becuase I'm amazed at their story telling.  I've loved them for it.  But what they've been doing recently with Wolf Among Us is unacceptable.  Episode 4 of Season 1 was far below what I expected from them.They're dragging out the story when it doesn't need to be.  I sincerely want to love this stuido.  They're amazing at what they do... but they're starting to drop the ball.  After The Walking Dead this is a step in the wrong direction.  The Walking Dead gave us a lot to compare between and The Wolf Among Us is falling very short.Granted, TWAU is shorter storyline-wise, and can be fogiven a bit... but not this much.  The fourth season is so short that you feel robbed of a decent game.  It's as if they're not really trying any further with this series.  They give almost enough choices and such, but it still seems so damn short.I WANT to support this developer... but they're making it hard to do so."
,Not Recommended,250320,13798706,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Thunderchrist,"The Wolf Among Us was a rare miss from Telltale that slowly grew more unenjoyable with each passing episode. It's important to note that I don't regret playing this game, and perhaps I'll play it again in future but I felt it lacked the emotional connection that I expected after playing Telltale's excellent Walking Dead games. I also felt that I had a lack of choice with some episodes feeling like they were entirely dialogue based.It's not all doom and gloom however, the aesthetics and voice acting are top notch and the game contains some very exciting action scenes.I'd recommend if you are a fan of Telltale, but don't expect a masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,250320,13257457,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,alkemann,"Wtf is with them spoilers? As a reward for finishing episode one you are forced to get a lot of spoiler shots. And there is no indication that I didnt buy a complete game, but instead i get credits and ""to be continued"".Would I recommend this game? Not really, it isnt much of a game. QTEs are the lamest form of game mechanic. It is used by people who wants to tell stories, not people who wants  to create games. The creators should have just made an animated video series instead."
,Not Recommended,250320,28629416,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hook,It's crashing a lot on MAC OS Sierra !!!
,Not Recommended,250320,29202741,Posted: 12 January,all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,No
76561198028562664,Not Recommended,250320,16414195,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Wedengart,"""Allerleirauh"" does not mean ""every-kind-of-fur"" in german."
,Not Recommended,250320,32156003,Posted: 3 June,all,hams,This game just keeps crashing on my Mac. I love the game but a crash every half hour just sucks. Go play Life is Strange instead.
,Recommended,250320,7892155,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,wobbler,"Stunned by how much I loved the first episode.Saw it in the autumn sale for £12, and bought it because I liked their season of the walking dead quite a bit (after the terrible start in the first episode, when the lead character can't seem to walk anywhere without falling on his♥♥♥♥♥♥.This has already been better than any part of the walking dead, in my opinion.The writing is better, it has some nice dark humour, the characters are interesting, and even though they are fairytale folk, they are very believable and talk and behave in a way you expect people to in real life (which is rare in videogames, and didn't work in the walking dead very often, they still felt like videogame characters, saying and doing cliched things).The lead character is great, and his journey is already full of misery, violence, mystery and murder.It's like a comic book, fairy tale version of Poirot or Miss Marple, or even Columbo. A proper murder mystery. It has me wondering already who the culprit is.And the story pulls you in so well, I was just as emotionally stunned at some of the surprises as I am in the best movie or book.I recommend this fully so far. And I will try and update this recommendation as more episodes are released (I can't wait, I hope they keep up the quality)Edit for episode 2:Still great, introducing new fun characters, fleshing out some of the characters glimpsed in episode 1, and fleshing out the story nicely.It still has me wondering what the hell is going on, and what I am going to discover next (some of the bizarre♥♥♥♥♥♥going on is awesome already).Not as great as episode 1, but that's hardly surprising; they were never going to top that, in my humble opinion.It's not often that I love a videogame story (I can count on 1 hand the amount of times it has happened, to be honest, they usually suck donkey balls, big time), but this is one of the very rare instances where the story of a game can stand up next to the best you will find in any movie or book out there.Still can't recommend this game enough, it's awesome."
76561198030831582,Not Recommended,250320,13787231,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fudge,"Do not buy this game if you are using OS X Yosemite, it crashes on every other loadscreen, from reading telltales support forum this has been going on for a few months."
,Not Recommended,250320,25960369,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,bengu,"Endless dialogues to create a ""choose your own adventure"" illusion but the truth is: your choices doesnt affect the story even a little."
,Not Recommended,250320,12173048,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,froley,"Agonisingly slow with clunky cinematography and stiff animation. The middle 3 episodes (about half the total run-time) tread water. Nothing takes 30 seconds that can take 5 mintues. Faux British accents are distracting. Story is tedious and QTEs are inexcusable. It's annoying that your character has been a detective for some time and yet your decisions carry none of the benefit of his experience. Also many of the choices don't really matter; this wouldn't be a problem if there were any gameplay to be had outside of making choises...On the plus side, the intro music is phenomenal. Controller implementation is nice. Character models are neat."
,Not Recommended,250320,13408344,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,wirelessdarkness,"I purchased this game when the first episode came out, already knew what I was getting into with Telltale and therefore kept my mouth shut as I waited... and am now shocked to see the user reviews for this to be ""Overwhelmingly Positive"".The first two episodes (of five total) feel the most coherent, but are riddled with the illusion of choice. Conversations and decisions that you make throughout the game have no true relevance other than a characters change in appearance or a different line of dialogue. There is no substance here to call this game a point and click adventure, it's an extremely limited narrative where every episode has one 'major' decision branching point, and you can never lose or go off the rails. Really. Try it.Episodes four and five are escapism at best: everything the game has led you to believe it was interested in is complete and TWAU can now stay on rails. There is officially no more ""investigation"" or detective work to play by this point, and it feels like the staff made a conscious decision NOT to put any work into these two chapters, but instead to make them the all about a big story ""dilemma"" that turns out to be not really such a dilemma. Moreso than The Walking Dead, which is how most people are now into TellTale games, the ""moral dilemmas"" here are little more than talking points. Maybe it's set and setting, but the zombie epoch makes the violent life or death situations have a wide degree of colors and emotions, whereas in The Wolf Among Us, Bigby plays his very nature in a fantasy town that is knowledgable and accepting of his actions, good or bad, black or white. It's not like Clementine in The Walking Dead never being exposed to anything or having to grow up quickly, instead you get this situation where everybody just knows Bigby can be an ******* and by the end of the game you're either not an ******* or everybody is fine with you being an *******. That could be the best thing about the final chapter: if you've played this kind sweet hearted little red riding Bigby, your character still unleashes (both his avatar and rage) on a specific fantasy character to almost no catharsis whatsoever, just continues another cute wheel conversation afterwards.For a game that's all about wanting to feel like a movie/novel, being shallow is crippling. Maybe the deepest section is the end. At the end, the game gives you one final decision: ""Follow"" or ""Not Interested"" and doesn't play to either of these requests and recommends that you buy the actual graphic novel in order to continue the adventure. Perfect slap in the face, I was just thinking that most Choose your Own Adventure! books contain more content than this. We're sheep for spending over $10 on this cute little illustrated cartoon that wants me to believe that my decisions make a difference.Read it instead."
76561197965602081,Not Recommended,250320,16458011,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NeonBootyGoon,"I give this a thumbs down with reservations. There are many good points, sadly with some points I simply can't ignore.*Spoilers ahead*First off, lets go with the good. Cool story, in depth, lots of choices that really impact the story and how you play it. Really engaging story, and you can really tailor the story how you want the character to play it. I played an anti hero character, not a good character, not a bad one. I almost want to replay the game as a full blown ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to see how that plays out.The bad... First off, i use the word ""game"" losely. It's essentially just you walking around clicking on things, which are incredibly linearly placed in the world. Then every once in awhile a quicktime event happens, and just like everybody else, i love quicktime events (I hate quicktime events.) The controls are trash, you would think with such a successful franchise they could figure out something as simple as controls. Some of the options you have to make have no influence, which can be aggravating since you think they're major choices, and then you find out they dont matter.For example: I noticed that since I gave away my money, i didn't have money to give the stripper in Pudding and pie, or to pay Holly for the drink, etc. So I proceeded to go around and every chance I get, pick up money since I figured at some point I would need it, especially since Toad was mentioning how expensive glamours are how much the game made me like TJ (his son) as a character. So I get multiple wads of money throughout the game, the time comes when I have to back toad or send him to the farm, and I back him thinking I can pay for his glamour myself. Well since the moment I started picking up money, I never had once chance to use it, but at the end of the game Toad is still send to the farm, nothing I can do. So I have the choice to save Colin the pig, but I can't save Toad, even though I backed both of them? Wtf?This is just one example, that made little sense to me, and the way the game lays out money is aggravating as well. If you give it away in the first scene, you will never have money when you need it. They will proceed to give you money throughout the game, when you dont need it though.Certain characters seemed to have little to no reason for being in the story, and seem to be thrown in, Bluebeard for example. He just seems like somebody they threw in whenever they needed some yelling or drama.The choices often gave you little to know time to choose them, and many times I was finishing reading my options when the timer was ending. I learned in chapter two that I could pause the game to think about my decisions before I made them. This also links to a bug I found in the game, where sometimes all the choices would come up blank, or with a generic ""there is no option"" placeholder text. I would have to end up restarting the game to get it to work, happened four times in my playthrough of the game.So lets me finish with this. From a purely story aspect, it was enjoyable. The story was interesting, had me wanting to continue it, and that's good. From a overall game standpoint, I cant completely say it was good though. Shotty controls, quicktime events as the ""gameplay"" and the fact that most of the actions and things you do have no actual bearing on the storyline, only a fews things in each chapter actually effect the story. This leads to a sense of false influence.If you can get this game for under $5 or $10 bucks, pick it up if you are in the mood for a purely story based game. It's not worth much more then that, since the game only lasts about 5-6 hours. Otherwise, pass on it."
76561198021559677,Not Recommended,250320,15798164,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Malaficus Shaikan,"Is wolf among us fun?Yes.Does it have replay value?No.Wolf among us is a good story about a man fighting his inner demons while trying to solve a murder and everyone just seem hellbend to get under his skin despite his raputation as a badass.The game is still very linear.It is like a good book.You read it once meaby twice then put it down and never look at it again.The story is interesting, the charaters believeable and the choice do effect the story somewhat but the outcome dont really change that much.I would recommand this game if it wasnt for the price.22 euro is way to much for a visual noval.In my not so humble opion this game is worth 10 euro's.If you can get it for less then 10 euro's it is a good book.If you like me are stupid enough to pay full price you will probley just ask yourself....why did i waste so much cash on this."
76561198069961816,Not Recommended,250320,10708322,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gollywog hunter,"Saves often fail to carry across which prompts me to restart chapters until the save will at last work.This has happened on multiple occasions and as of the most recent one, i have to go back from episode 4 to episode 1.I have heard that failed game save transfers is a common thing among telltale games (eg. The Walking Dead).For an episodic game, it would be beyond sensible to ensure that the decisions made in previous chapters carry across otherwise i see very little point in the entire game revolving around those decisions and the consequences they bring in following chapters.The game is far more exciting, from my point of view, than The Walking Dead. It has a unique story and the entire 'detective' type of game play i got to take part in was simply fun. Albeit i would have liked more content, as hard as that is to say (I won't go into detail, for i cannot. I blatantly feel like something was missing, perhaps it was the character, maybe i just want to delve deeper into them).I do enjoy the game, i really do, but if a game based on decisions forgets those decisions as you progress - i'm going to struggle to approve of the game in itself. Sure, the glitch or whatever it may be does not occur all the time, but the problem en lies in the fact that it /does/ occur.Based solely on the emptiness i felt and the absolutely atrocious, though rare 'glitch', i do not recommend spending your money on this game 'less there is a sale on which significantly reduces the price.Without glitch: 8/10With glitch: 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,250320,11226668,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Sojobo,"Originally voted yes, I enjoyed it.  Fun story, enjoyable characters, great setting, what's not to like?Well, lots.  It should have been a bloody movie for all your input matters.  Go silent, be nice, punch their teeth in, do what you like.  Only difference is how much they glower or curse but this train's on some heavy rails and we all know where it's going.  Couple that with a mix of foreshadowing and in game 'clues'... I'm not a detective.  Neither is Bigby apparently, because even I can put some of this evidence together and know that this thing they're forcing us to be doing for the next while is nothing but a wild goose chase.I'm going to finish it, twice, just to confirm how little these choices matter to myself.  Then I'll go do something else.  It's a slight improvement over The Walking Dead if only beacuse by the time I got around to buying that game it still had a bug that made it ignore one of the choices you made in-game."
,Not Recommended,250320,11149901,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Leszek,"I'm giving Thumb Down because I really hate that policy.I have bought the game in preorder to support the developer hoping that episodes are going to be released monthly.I was waiting  almost a year to play the game, and now I see that at the moment when I can finally play completed game, it is 50% cheaper.I'm not going to buy any Telltale games before all episodes are goong to be available."
76561197998177676,Not Recommended,250320,12109438,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Hassat Hunter,"The second-to-latest degredation from gamedevelopert to QTE-interactive movie maker Telltale Games.Since it's concept is similar to The Walking Dead, this is preceding it, and most people have played TWD due to the lovely critique (totally unfounded sadly enough), we'll compare it to that game.For starters it's less interactive than TWD (nooo!), on the other hand it has less QTE's (yes! Exception; Episode 5), also you're not instantly done for if you fail one. It's story is more interesting (which is good, since that's the only thing the game really is). However it's also really REALLY short. I took 8 hours. That with being thorough, slow and having some breaks with the game paused running. The avarage gamer would have around 6 hours of content with this game.Seeing how it has less interactivity and less QTE most of your game time will consist of conversations in this game.Pro's compared to TWD:* More interesting story.* As mentioned less QTE's.* While like TWD it claims your choices matter, they again do not. The difference with TWD though is that you can make some significant branhcing in episode 5 (compared to never), probably since they didn't need to follow it up with more content. So that episode's somewhat replayable.* Better setting (though that might be subjective)Con's compared to TWD:* really short.* Even with the branching in ep.5 again it becomes very clear that your choices don't matter at all when in the end even if they do mention what you did throughout the episodes (which is nice) with the right dialogue choices you can still get the ""good"" ending even if you've been an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ murdering psychopath the whole game. Perfect sheriff material, right?So, same conclusion as with TWD really... while this is a better interactive movie than that ""game"", it suffers from also being much shorter. It does however has more interesting characters.So while I do rate it higher than TWD, I still wouldn't recommend getting it until it's dropped in price quite a bit."
76561198039260244,Not Recommended,250320,10039295,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,ancient biblical hentai,"This is a game for people that like quick time events, and point and click adventures. The story does not draw me in. I did not like it, but i can see why some people would."
76561198001321235,Not Recommended,250320,11142737,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,A dollop of dookie,"Unless you can get this game for less than $5, it's not worth it. Between the waiting between episodes and the truly lack-luster ending(at least for this season, anyway), it just isn't worth it. It could've been great, though."
,Not Recommended,250320,31881000,Posted: 21 May,all,qojnopufu,"You have to play most parts twice as it crashes all the time on Mac before saving. It seems players have been complaining about it for years on the forums, but there's no fix. The story itself is the usual telltale quality, no complains about that."
,Not Recommended,250320,12725300,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ponder,"To those of you who are here because of the Walking Dead, I am here to tell you that the structure and game mechanics of the game are near-identical. It's a point-and-click detective adventure where you have 4 dialogue choices where there is clearly the morally-upstanding, angry/rude, neutral, and silence choice.You will not be finding anything new and exciting in that department.To those of you who are here because you're interested in a noir-style detective story, you're in for a decent game. The ambiance, style, and aesthetic of this game is impressive and immersive. One would imagine that a noir detective story should include twists, complications, and the like, and The Wolf Among Us delivers modestly but efficiently. The story within the game is good, but doesn't reach the heights of fantastic or ground-breaking.Some aspects of the game are easy to anticipate or guess whereas others could genuinely surprise you, but if you're expecting a mesmerizing and wild detective story, you may be disappointed. If you were comparing the heft and emotional depth of the decisions of WAU and TWD, the Wolf Among Us is sub-par. Yet, for those picking up their first telltale game, these choices successfully force the player to consider their own ethics and values in the game.Nevertheless, many of the choices made only affect how you develop the protagonist, Bigby Wolf. By episode 5, you realize that the final decisions are only affected by very few of the choices you've made, and more on how you interpret other characters and the entirety of the story/crimes/whathaveyou. It would be easier to explain with spoilers.The bottom line is that The Wolf Among Us is a decent game sprouting from a very creative and immersive environment (i.e. fairytale characters as the NPCs). However, it is more a weekend sideshow than a full game. I paid half price during the Halloween sale, and the full price is 22-25 euros/dollars. I feel that this game is only ever worth half-price at the most. Particularly because I completed it over the course of six hours. Although it is a great game to share with your friends, I highly doubt anyone is looking to play through it again, replaying a mystery you already know the answer to.Futhermore, The Wolf Among Us is a good, immersive, beautiful game with a decent but less than amazing story, and lasts only a handful of hours before you're finished. If you think that experience is worth the 22-25 euros/dollars, by all means... if not, then at the very most wait until it's on sale."
76561198059796308,Not Recommended,250320,13881239,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Nikos,"As a story, Wolf Among Us was okay.   Not great, just okay.   The characters were interesting, and compelling, the voice acting wasn't terrible, and the visual experience was both appealing, and absorbing as it sunk you deeper and deeper into the comic-book world of fairyland.  On the other hand, [some mild spoilers] the conclusion didn't seem built up to, and felt as though it were randomly tacked onto the end in the last hours.  As a mystery genre, it definitely fell flat in this regard, although each episode had their own little mysteries to solve, it felt as though there was no real thread running through the entire thing, and at the end, they just connected a bunch of unconnected dots with the use of mystery tropes, and mood music.   I feel as though a game like this should be rated both as a movie and a game, because that's really what you're buying into here, and that being said, as a movie, I'd rate it 7/10.   Decent, but not good.As a game, though, I'd rate it far lower.   Maybe 4/10.   As a whole, it felt supremely lacking in content.  I've never played anything by telltale games before, but I went in knowing what to expect...and yet still I was underwhelmed.    There was no additional content, very limited gameplay, often times I found myself having to replay an entire chapter just because of the ambiguous wording of the option.   Because of the movie-like feel to it, I'd tend to lapse into periods of semi-attention, and as such, not react to the 5 second timer they'd put on some of their options, and the game would often then pick undeseriable options for me.   But it wasn't really that big of a concern overall, because ultimately, it didn't really matter what you chose.   Many of the choices had absolutely no overall effect on the game, despite the game's persistent assurances that it would.   The controls seemed lazy, and in the brief instances that you did get to control your character, very little was left up to you to decide.All in all, I think the only person I would ever recommend this game for was someone that was either enthralled by the niche genre, or an avid fan the graphic novels.   Don't buy this game for 15 bucks, or you'll be overpaying by 10."
76561197997944829,Not Recommended,250320,31882509,Posted: 21 May,all,BigDaddyLove,"It was very entertainng, for the very short amount of playing time. Game is over in a flash, would be a better value for half the price. Wish I had waited."
,Not Recommended,250320,13823956,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,jdmasters,"""This choice is blank!"""
,Not Recommended,250320,16684776,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Truth,"While the game is fairly interesting, and the story is definitely great, it has a lot of failings too. First (and most severe IMO) is the incredibly obnoxious ""Next Time On""/""Previously On"" recap, that while it might be useful for some players, for those of us that are just trying to play the game without monthlong breaks, it's just an annoying waste of time.Second are the quicktime events, which generally don't give you nearly enough time to react, especially on a touchpad. Likewise, dialog choices make the choice for you far too quickly, giving you no time to think unless you want to pause the game. Finally, being unable to skip dialog, in a game that is essentially a giant cutscene, gets old fast.Also...no way to edit keybinds? Seriously? It's 2015."
,Not Recommended,250320,33822276,Posted: 26 July,all,Mr. Matt,"I wasn't sure about the game initially, but when I completed Episode 1, I was in shock and immediately loved the episode due to the boldness of the ending of that first episode. Then I found out more in the following episode, and the ending actually didn't do anything all that bold, really. I was back at square one, with characters that I didn't particularly like, in a setting that felt underused since hiding amongst humans is supposed to be the whole points and humans are only important in the entire season for I'd say less than 5 minutes. I like noir, and I think this game may have been going for it, but I just didn't feel like it hit the right notes.By the end of the season, I can't really think of anything that I liked about this game, which is sad because I liked The Walking Dead Season 1 and 2, and Tales from the Borderlands. After finishing The Wolf Among Us, I haven't touched any other Telltale games. I think deep down, I'm concerned that their other games they're making now might be as disappointing to me as this one.Most people seem to love this game, so it's possible you may, but I was not having a good time with this game despite having enjoyed many of Telltale's prior games."
,Not Recommended,250320,15093608,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Artfey,This is a Telltale game so it's pretty awful.I give it 0 choices out of 100 choices.F-
76561198053453615,Not Recommended,250320,13838261,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ken,"Dear Telltale Games,Please stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting us. Our choice doesn't affect the gameplay.Don't sugarcoat the fact that we are stuck in a streetcar named Telltale going on a linear railway to the predesignated destination no matter what we choose in it.And I didn't even find the ride amusing or intriguing at all.I'd rather watch a good movie on TV, with a keyboard and a mouse to occasionally press so I feel like I'm playing a video game. And that'll make me feel like I'm playing a much better version of any Telltale games."
,Not Recommended,250320,31860470,Posted: 20 May,all,BlindMan,"I was expecting a good game but straight after episode two, I got three blank choices in a row and the game after that is not playable because it is not picking up on the any matrial to folllow. Can someone help fix this or is there is a patch. I have bought the real deal not a boken game."
,Not Recommended,250320,24558337,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ethan3lp,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. It seems fun the first time around, but it is bland as♥♥♥♥♥♥and you cannot change ANYTHING that happens. It is the same ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again. I would love a sequel, but make it better and longer than  this game, which fails on just one thing, changes over time. The story is fine I guess, but it is a ♥♥♥♥ing game and it has continuity errors at every goddamn turn. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥unless a sequel is announced, and NEVER replay this thing, it will ruin your first experience with it."
76561198004558343,Not Recommended,250320,15347170,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Exposed_Entrepreneur,"The best story, characters and setting I have ever seen in a videogame in a type of game I absolutly hate.This should have been a movie, instead its a click to advance the story kind of game. The voice acting is amazing, the mystery will keep you guessing for hours on end, and the ending (for the most part) dosen't suck. But oh my god the gameplay. Its one big quick time event. Everything you interact with is on a timer. The dialog options, the combat, even in the middle of an investigation, an event where you want to take your time and see whats going on acharacter will shoot himself if you take too long.But at the same time I can safely say I have never been as invested in a videogame story like this one. I can 100% recommend it, but not the gameplay its represented in."
,Not Recommended,250320,16879979,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,JugadorXEI,"The Wolf Among Us is basically a point-and-click adventure game, where you play as Bigby, the sheriff, trying to figure out a murder case in a world of fairy tales taken in a modern world.Doesn't seem so bad at first when I tell you a little on how this game goes, but this game is probably one of the most mediocre ones I've ever played. I really can't believe how this game has ""overwhelmingly positive"" reviews and it costs 23 dollars, when the story is so boring and predictable, when the animations doesn't work properly between speech options or changes between cameras, when the sounds or speech don't reproduce, when the choices don't load, and when the characters are boring (but this last one is subjective.) Even though this game is ""tailored by how you play"", 90% of the choices you do in this game are pure illusion of choice, i.e. it doesn't matter what you do in the game, because the ending will be the same, no matter what.Alright, I will tell you how this game goes now. It's a point-and-click adventure game, and you basically move around, grab stuff (which most of the time do nothing), get some clues, and talk to some people to get more clues to move on to the next place. Unlike any other point-and-clicks, there's no puzzles or anything similar, so you never resolve anything logically. You eventually fight some hostile people and the fights happen in a quick-time event fashion where you use your cursor, click the left button, and maybe press the directional buttons or a button a couple of times, and it's incredibly boring since there's no skill to it and you have a lot of time to react. You just press buttons and that's it.The game being ""tailored by how you play"" is false advertisement. Like I said before, 90% of the choices you do in this game do nothing when it comes to an actual outcome, and the ending doesn't change no matter what. Why do I care that this guy will remember this thing when it only appears in two scenes of the entire game? Why should I care about killing this guy or doing this thing when it has no actual impact on the ending or how even some characters react to me?I can expect some bugs from big-budget games, but this one has a ridiculous amount of graphical and gameplay-related bugs which are still not fixed. The game is supposed to be ""dark"" and ""serious"", but I can't take it serious when I have to restart the game because of speech options not loading properly, when the animations are not working properly between camera changes and speech options, or when the animations don't load in time and it shows a T-pose for a second. Some people might consider it nitpicky, but it's crucial when trying to tell a story to the player, and it affects the overall tone and environment of the game.If you want to know about the story, read it somewhere else. There's not really a lot to tell about it. In my opinion it was boring and predictable, but if you found the story of this game that good, maybe you're very easily impressed.The only good thing I can say about the game is that it kept steady 60 FPS. No, that should not be a selling point.But yeah, don't even get this in a sale, don't even buy this game as a joke for your friends. With those 23 dollars you can seriously get incredibly better games than this one. Do yourself a favor and ignore this game."
76561198022080369,Not Recommended,250320,12134151,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Daemonkin,"Episode one is great, as is episode 3. The end is... highly bloody questionable!Honestly, this game ended up just being a sales gimmick for more graphic novels, and while it was fun to play for the most part, SO MANY STORYLINES ARE LEFT UNFINISHED it is barely worth going through unless you are already a fan of the graphic novels, or intend to be so.I've never been so annoyed and frustrated at the end of what was, for the most part, an enjoyable game with engrossing characters.I cannot give this a positive vote, or a recommendation, but perhaps if you do play it armed with foreknowledge of the crappy ending, you might not be as shattered as I was by the end."
76561198004006208,Not Recommended,250320,31715027,Posted: 12 May,all,GaiaHero,"Another mess with more illusions of ""choice"" avoid the hyparu"
,Not Recommended,250320,7446607,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Karma,"I'm giving this a negative because I bought i recently on the Vita for 20$ and it was broken and unplayable, still is.Telltale has a bad habbit of developing for one platform then shitporting the rest."
,Recommended,250320,9799830,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Nexures,"Much, MUCH better than any other telltale's game. Beats boring TWD by A MILE ! if you liked any TT's game, you'll LOVE this. Although, just like any other one of their games I wouldn't buy it full price. Wait for a sale or something, because its a must have"
,Recommended,250320,18334826,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,PCdudeserver,"I have too say, out of all telltales games i'v played, this one was my favorite."
,Not Recommended,250320,16828739,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jo,Bigby doesn't wash his hands once and he keeps touching his face so I'm worried he'll get an eye infection or something
,Not Recommended,250320,12030368,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Nagefa,"Great first episode. Meh middle episodes. And a disappointing ending. It felt like the game got worse in storytelling the farther it went. I enjoyed the story and characters alot more in Telltale's Walking Dead games.Note: I watched the Walking Dead games, and watched the last few episodes of Wolf Among Us."
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,250320,29158828,Posted: 10 January,all,Plebleb,"It's a ♥♥♥♥ing movie. None of your choices matter except for aesthetic purposes, like you can rip off a guy's arm or whatever, or you can choose to save this guy or that guy, and it might change how people view you but the game only has one story. At least other choice-based games like Mass Effect have quests you can change the outcome of. And there's good/evil meters that allow you to have massively different conversations with people. This game has none of that. The illusion of choice is quickly dispelled when you realize everyone had the same story even if maybe the dialogue was slightly different. Even the choice of how you want the game to end with the villain is hardly consequential at all. You're basically just adding your own twists to the game instead of making important decisions like you may think.There's absolutely no gameplay in this either. You can point and click but it's just moving your character from one point to another or picking up some random bullsh!t off the floor. This isn't like the Telltale of old that made good Sam & Max games which were funny and had good gameplay. The story is OK and is interesting, so if you just want to watch something for awhile and occasionally ""make decisions"" then you should get this. But seriously, ♥♥♥♥ this game. Go play a real adventure game and stop playing this dumbed-down nonsense."
,Not Recommended,250320,11139981,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,"Started really good on Episode 1, but quality and playtime went downhill a lot after that."
,Not Recommended,250320,31016599,Posted: 8 April,all,Yiliant,This  game is not as good as Red Alert 2.
76561198191566035,Not Recommended,250320,23238126,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,nirgavish.com,"Thought it was a quest, turned put to be a timed shooter.Bummer."
,Recommended,250320,13507603,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ﾝ ﾐ ｵ Ｓ Ａ Ｃ Ｈ Ｉ,Amazing story line.TellTale Games are a amazing company.Always making great games.My advice try to play each episode a day to hold the suspense.Believe me it is really hard to do that.
76561198176992517,Not Recommended,250320,23411337,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,½ of ∞,"♥♥♥♥♥GAME, BORING DIALOGS,♥♥♥♥♥♥SCENARIO"
,Not Recommended,250320,10027008,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Rerg,Crashes. Rare saves. Too slow dialogs. Terrible controls. And I HATE crashes. Dont work offline.
76561197998460206,Not Recommended,250320,10175414,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,|SW|Spendo99,The Wolf Among Us is merely ok in its story. I would instead recommend TellTale's The Walking Dead series to anyone looking for a point and click adventure.
76561198137251590,Not Recommended,250320,11715863,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,artemgomziakov,"Great game but riddled with bugs and virtually unplayable. First I played until Episode 4 and all of my save files suddenly dissapeared, and the save game system stopped working at all. Then I reinstalled the game a few months later to try again because I had paid for this game and really wanted to play it to the end. The save games were working again so I decided to give it another go and play through everything again. I played through Episode 1 and got to Episode 2 - I was actually starting to enjoy the game again. But then the next day I tried to launch the game to find out that it has uninstalled! All on it's own! That means my saves too. Wtf Telltale. How about releasing a game that's actually playable? This has been all the more frusturating because I really like the game and want to play it."
76561198006487904,Not Recommended,250320,9224631,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,TruckRockpec,"If I remember to, I'll change this to a positive review once all the episodes are out. Until that point, however, I don't recommend anyone get TWAU. There are only two episodes out right now, with the first taking 1.5-2 hours to play, while the second clocks in at a disappointing 1 hour only. I am finding it very difficult to get drawn into the story when I know it will be delivered in such brief installments, and then spaced apart over months. Also, for a crime drama, you do very little actual investigating or puzzle solving, especially in the second chapter. Overall, it's more of a visual novel than a game to this point, and one which doesn't offer you many meaningful choices. Again, it's not bad, but I can't endorse buying it before all the chapters are released, and even then only if you enjoyed The Walking Dead's visual-novel approach to gaming."
,Not Recommended,250320,9040110,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,leon L,dis is a bad gam 10/10
,Not Recommended,250320,8985789,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,TwoBit,"I was promised a lot more stripers then i actualy recived in Episode 2.Ad Minimum:My main problem with The Wolf Amung Us is not the stripers, although it is one of the problems. Episode 1 was great. And I liked it, 4 out of 5, would bang again, and so forth with the reddit memes.Episode 2 was short, and while Episode 1 had a lot of characture development, Episode 2, while introducing new charactures hade very little to no characture development. Compleate scenes which were in the Episode 2 comming soon are missing.If I you asked me if i wanted The Wolf Amung Us or 25$ I would take the 25$."
,Not Recommended,250320,9002421,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,meatocracy,Read the Fables comic series and save yourself the button-mashing.
,Not Recommended,250320,9001017,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,DeadMeat,"Starting to feel like a bit of ""A-mong"" for buying this game... disappointing."
76561198004177658,Not Recommended,250320,9767132,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,OldChestnut,"The story is good but that is it, your choices don’t effect the plot, a simple point and click game with a good story and I’m disappointed to say the least."
76561197997647319,Not Recommended,250320,8977087,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Bossen,"Episode 1 = Alienshighly enjoyable, interesting action sequences, interesting characters, a pleasure to experience, very polishedEpisodes 2-5 = Alien 3absolutely terrible and poorly designed, major script problems, painful to watch and play, complete mess that is uncomplete and feels slapped together, numerous bugsThe game plays like Telltale had a team of 100 people work 6 months on the first episode, then 10 people work 2 weeks on the rest. Worth a buy at $5 during a sale, anything more is a waste of your money and time."
76561198062719383,Not Recommended,250320,9136856,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kujaku,"I only played episode 1 until now, but i have to say that i am really disappointed.I love the story and setting (even though it's quite a bit different than what i expected).I also don't mind the episodic thing as much. It would have been more fair to sell the episodes independently, though.The big problem i have with this game is that there are only few choices that have any impact. There are two major choices in the first episode, everything else, every dialogue option, every QTE has at best barely noticable, immediate effects.I restarted the first episode several times trying to get any noticable difference in the attitude of the characters you meet. But that was essentially impossible. I read about one particular string of dialogue choices you can make, but these choices do not make any sense. For example i would have to choose silence over encouragement to get a positive response in one particular dialogue in the beginning."
76561197970297880,Not Recommended,250320,8078800,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Alibabaaut,"Don't buy it, until a release date is made public."
,Not Recommended,250320,8260740,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Shinobi,Takes forever to make any new episode...
,Not Recommended,250320,8714373,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Littlemad,"It is a very beautiful game, but from the 1st episode and the 2nd episode we are waiting for 3 month and half. is it worth it to pay a full game price and wait a quarter of an year to play for just 2h?Wait for the full game to be released, and than buy it, but don't waste your money before the whole game it is actually out, you will feel only frustrated by the waiting."
76561198043494002,Not Recommended,250320,8697440,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Morkhaz,"The game showed Promise, yet delivered none what was promised.When i pre:purchase a game, i do it to help the ones whom are creating a very interesting game.i could accept to wait one month, but then it became two, and even three months late.All that has been stated to us whom have bought this game is ""Comming soon!"".Not even a little tiny hint of when, what month exactly we should expect to get part 2!Arrogantly they have started new projects, such as Game of thrones and Borderlands.SO NO, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTILL ITS FINISHED - ALL EPISODES ARE RELEASED."
,Not Recommended,250320,8864507,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,The Siren,"Don't bother purchasing this game until all seasons are released (which will probably be years on end, judging by their current release times). The game itself is quite nice, but waiting literally month after month for an update is just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,250320,8607883,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Kyuu,"Interesting storyline but it's deceptively linear with the story progression. Very little of what you do actually affects the outcome of how things happen and so while it looks like playing it through multiple times is something you might find fun doing it really just isn't that great. There are only about three decisions in the first episode which are interesting to see how they turn out reversed.I like the animation style and the adult twist on children's fairytales is alright although isn't really all that original and is fairly cringe-worthy at times.I would strongly recommend against buying the rest of the episodes in advance as you may regret your purchase and the ETA on episode 2 has been pushed from November, to late November, to December, to The New Year... And still isn't out yet :/"
76561197970837903,Not Recommended,250320,9948852,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,kerry,So lost interest in Telltale games. The way they treat their buying public is a disgrace. No timeline of when ganes will be released and the game episodes get shorter every time. What a pity.
,Not Recommended,250320,8509829,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Swaglord4000,"As much as it pains me, i cannot recommend this game to anyone.Despite the incredible and magnificent storyline, the fantabulous graphics and plot twists and replayability, THIS IS NOT A FINISHED GAME.PERIOD.Telltale games are by far the #1 on my never-to-buy-games-from-you-again list, simply because i bought this game on Nov 15th, and since i am still waiting for the second chapter to arrive, for a product i paid the full price for, without any knowledge on when i will be able to continue with the storyline (Also, first chapter went free to play on Christmas, which essentially has the effect of me paying 15 euros for no reason whatsoever).As it stands, maybe, MAYBE when the game is finished go take a look at it, but definately not now.Also, Telltales Games, this is no way to treat your paying customers.Those wondering why piracy is rising, look at this example for answers."
,Not Recommended,250320,8962752,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Harry,"MAKE MORE ♥♥♥♥ING EPISODES YOU LAZY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AT TELLTALE GAMES!!!!!!!!!I DIDN""T SPEND $25 DOLAARS FOR YOU GUYS TO MAKE 1 EPISODE EVERY 3 ♥♥♥♥ING MONTHS!YOU HABE KILLED WHAT WOULD HAVE BEEN AN AMAZING FRANCHISE , BUT YOU JUST TOSSED IT ASIDE AND NEGLECTED IT FOR TOO LONG . NOW NOBODY EVEN REMEMBERS THIS GAME , ALL BECUASE YOU GUYS DIDN'T HAVE YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER"
,Not Recommended,250320,8183490,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Goose,Well over a month and still no episode 2.I do not recommend buying this until all episodes are complete.
,Not Recommended,250320,8977085,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,TooBritishToQuitish,"I prepurchased the game on its announcementepisode 1 played really well and was fun. storyline was gripping and ended on a proper cliffhanger.Episode 2 is a joke - it appers rushed, VA/Lip Sync is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it doesnt match the ""Next time on TWAU"" shown at the end of episode one.Get it when its cheap, save your money for now"
,Not Recommended,250320,8901780,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Darth Buba,"Payed 25 € for the game liked the first part of it but it ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, that you have to wait more than 4 months will be props 6 months till the next episode comes out im sorry but its just not worth spending that amount of money for such a game. In my opinion i´ve been riped of money for a game were you can play one episode thats about 35-50 mins depends on the playstyle and thats it. Dont buy it watch the vids on youtube or wait for it to become like 5 bucks dont get it before that, spend your money for another good game that deserves the money."
,Not Recommended,250320,8678996,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Skiascriba,">>>>>>Final edit<<<<<I finally got around to finishing the game! It was good. The plot was a little simple for me (I was hoping for a lot more depth in the final 2 episodes) but I still found it enjoyable. However, this game pales in comparison to Telltale's The Walking Dead season 1 or 2 which unfortunately set the benchmark very high.TLDR whole review:Beautiful and atmospheric, with excellent character depth and voice acting which would have benefited from a far longer and more complex story arc.Only really has replay value if you watch another player, which can be entertaining if they choose different game variables.Negative overall because it was simply not worth the release price, with delays to episode releases and, quite simply, insufficient instalment / overall length.Great if you can get it for under £15, otherwise you may feel rather out of pocket.>>>>>Edit after release of Episode 3<<<<<As I really want to enjoy this game for a good solid few hours of immersion, I'll wait until Episode 4 is out and do a combined review of episodes 3 and 4 together. My fingers are well and truly crossed for greater episode longevity.>>>>>Edit after Episode 2<<<<<Still beautiful, still deep and engaging, but PITIFULLY short and woeful value for money. Just look at people's game times. Episode 2 is even shorter than Episode 1 - I meandered through in only an hour and a half.I really was expecting more considering the amount of time it took Telltale to release this installment.>>>>>Original Review<<<<<This game is beautifully crafted; I thoroughly enjoyed the first episode and it will I'm sure be a pleasure to play through the remaining episodes.However. I bought this game when it came out for at least £20 (I can't remember the initial price) and so far have only been given about 3 hours of content. I am hoping the future episodes will be longer, but frankly if the future episodes are also this length then I will feel pretty let down. 15 hours total for £20 is fairly OK for a normal game, I guess - not great, but not terrible - especially if the game is as fantastic as this one clearly is. But with a game that is also a staggered series like this one, I would actually be hoping for more content for my money, not less.So I give it 9/10 for the game itself, because the concept and execution are both superb. But in terms of value for money (as it currently stands) it's a big let-down at 5 x 3 hours. My advice would be to wait until all 5 episodes are out and buy it and play through then, as your appetite will be better sated. This is how I tackled The Walking Dead's first five episodes and it felt absolutely fantastic (although I also felt that the chapters were longer in Walking Dead, which probably helped).The best analogy I can think of is: at an exquisite restaurant, would you rather have 5 delicious starters spread out over a year, or one slap-up perfect 3 course meal in a year's time? For me the answer is definitely the latter, and I actually regret having the cut-off and the waiting for the next installments; but for some who can better handle the anticipation and aren't binge pleasure gluttons, you may find otherwise."
76561198040648935,Not Recommended,250320,9902378,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Destroyer,"(SPOILERS).  I have now completed this game and my conclusion is not a good one.  The walking dead is one of my favourite games so I had high hopes for the wolf among us.  I dont care about anyone in this game and the story sucks! It would have been so much better if they kept Snow White dead, that would have been interesting but to find out it wasnt her just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  Who cares if some Troll got killed!!! Snow White is so annoying that I cant stand her following me.. I wish she had died! Cigeratte adviertisment in this game is also old fashioned and stupid.  Ending was also rubbish."
76561198017337503,Not Recommended,250320,8279391,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,r. r. Direct_Assault,Don't buy this game until all the episodes are released. not worth the money until then
,Not Recommended,250320,9014435,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,tekoa25,"Great story telling mostly. Way too short for what they are doing though. Don't bother untill either its on sale or all of the episodes are released... and even then, wait till its on sale. Not worth the full price. Not enough ""game"". Or you can just watch it on youtube and be just as satified, probably."
76561198026623628,Not Recommended,250320,8344033,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,James,"Even though these are fantastic games generally, Telltale cannot be trusted to their word. Perhaps wait and buy them as a set when it is all out but then you will not be part of it as the story progresses. They are completely without credibility in my view and the constant disapointement is too much. It could be abated a little if they hadn't so clearly put this game on the back burner, now that they have lured gulible fools like myself into parting with our money for a largely nonexistant product, in order to concentrate on the next money spinning venture in the form of TWD2. Or at the very least leanr from their past errors and make information more readily available, by this I mean of course you are likely to be given a date of say November and by December you may well still have had no information let alone a game. If you are lucky there might be an anouncement about when the next anouncement will be as is our current limbo. What you are buying here is the prospect of a fantastic experience not that experience itself. If you choose not to heed this warning then please enjoy it, modern equivalent of Jack's magic beens."
76561198007741164,Not Recommended,250320,9791971,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Smirnoffico,"The first thing you need to remember about Wolf Among Us is that it's not a game. It's a visual novels with some action scenes.Second thing that you need to remember is that Wolf Among Us lies to your face from the first second. At the start it tells you that the game is defined by player choices and advances based on them. As I already mentioned, this is not a game AND none of the choices offered have any lasting meaning. Don't get me wrong, the choices are made aplenty and they stay indeed - you even get to maul and murder a few characters if you like. But none of the choices mean anything to the greater story. Most of the choices don't even affect the outcome of the scene. Behind the facade of variety lies a rather linear game.Last thing you need to remember is that Wolf Among Us is incredibly short. An episode lasts around 45 minutes at best. So the whole season is around 4-4.5 hours of gameplay.If you aren't bothered by these issues, Wolf Among Us offers a vivid setting of fables coping with modern world, decent story, familiar Telltale style and nice voice-acting. It's a quality product, but as any fable it charms the viewer with lies and deceit - smoke and mirrors as the second episode states - which leads to highly inflated scores and reviews."
76561198006790701,Not Recommended,250320,8614126,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,PossumBoy,First episode was short... and it has taken forever to see an date for episode 2.
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,250320,8322144,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Flopy,"Not worth it, don't really get feeling that you can affect the storyline at all. Same hollywood♥♥♥♥♥♥in different package. Drama and attempt to hook people to get the next episode."
,Not Recommended,250320,8847536,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,slk,Er £20 for that.... really?
76561198090910713,Not Recommended,250320,8667185,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Logos,"This game came out in August / September last year. Now for almost three months, there has been no release of the second season. What was released, however, was the second installment of the Walking Dead. And, coincidently enough, they have only released the first episode/chapter of that installement. Now, if my logic proves valid, there is a system developing where a game can reveal its franchise, release about 6 hours of game-play (yes there can be more if you want to replay with different choices, but I would rather keep my choices and move on), sell it for around $25 dollars, and have their consumers wait for several months before continuing. As far as a business perspective, this is an excellent idea as it can create continuious revenue and possibly lead for greater outcomes of the next chapters. However, when I played the game and finished the chapter, there was the notification that said the second chapter would be released soon. Then, there was also a mention by the developers, and PC gamer, that there would be more information about release after the holidays. Well, I do not know what holiday you are celebrating, but it is well past that time, and there is no second episode. I am not trying to vent, or troll, or rage, but it must be a common dispute between producers and consumers on content such as this, and when tv shows take too long to come out, at least there are news channels or all kinds of other forums that put a lot of pressure on that tv show producer. Now, I am not sure if the same avenues are available for game consumers, but I do know that steam is an organization that can be that avenue, as developers do not like a negative game review. Sure, the game is amazing, and under its completion, or honor of its obligations, I would give it a recommendation. But that time is long overdue, and to do all I can as a consumer, I will finish writing this review and give it a No Recommendation. Hopefully, this system will not continue to disappoint its fans."
76561198022830797,Not Recommended,250320,26305065,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,eileenprince,"There is no option to rebind the keys. Unfortunately that means I cannot play the game, as my computer does not have a working 'W' key. Extremely disappointing that there's no accomodation for people who don't have QWERTY keyboards or simply prefer to use a different set of keys than WASD."
76561198052417309,Not Recommended,250320,33862884,Posted: 28 July,all,john.braeside,Boar ring
,Not Recommended,250320,34507662,Posted: 26 August,all,-rep my profile and u get a cat,a terrible 'game' with bad sound design. it isnt even a game its just a story. im refunding this and torrenting it.
,Not Recommended,250320,8577553,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Silent Dan,"The first episode is great, but it's been three months now, and there's still no episode 2.  Don't buy this until all the episodes are out.  The first one ends on a major cliffhanger, and it's just irritating to have to wait three months (and counting) to find out what happens."
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,250320,9858056,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,fabio,"So Wolf Among Us is another Telltale adventure game that continues their trend of ditching the ""game"" part. If you thought The Walking Dead was short on puzzles or game, then WAU is even moreso. 3 out of 5 episodes and not a single puzzle. The controls might as well be ""hold down mouse button to advance plot"".Which would be cool if the story was interesting, but it's more than half over and it STILL hasn't shifted into 2nd gear. Imagine if, after 90 minutes, Chinatown still hadn't introduced Noah Cross or the public water scheme. That's the glacial story pacing you experience with this game.You're the sheriff of a bunch of fable characters (almost nothing is done with this plot point; it might as well be ordinary people) investigating a murder. You show up at a crappy apartment, the camera heavily restricts you to only the things you can look at, your characters goes ""hmmmmm"" to every object you click on, then a witness starts acting like a jerk so you bust out a QTE fight that you can't lose. Repeat over and over without really learning anything new about the plot.Even more frustrating is the dumb main character. Nothing is more frustrating to a mystery story where the audience figures it out long before the characters. For the entire length of the game the main character can't piece together the blindingly obvious fact that a magic spell is at work to keep him from finding out anything, even after someone flat out tells him that it's a spell to keep anyone from finding out anything. He has an entire department of wizards and witches at his disposal (located right in his apartment building) who deal in the exact kind of spell he's investigating, yet he never asks the department for help. It's like watching a detective movie where they're stuck trying to find the owner of a license plate and no one even thinks to check the Department of Motor Vehicles records.It looks gorgeous though! Maybe pick it up when all 5 episodes are finished and there's a major sale."
76561198039103290,Not Recommended,250320,8884943,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,camaro96rs69,"I was pretty disappointed with the lack of gameplay. I bought the game based off of the great reviews for it and did not realize it was more of an interactive story. I do have to say that the story is interesting enough that I want to read the comics. If you can handle interactive story games then definitely buy this, but if you're looking for gameplay look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,250320,33550909,Posted: 14 July,all,MakoSipper,"Overrated game to grab money from fansIf you're a fan of the comics, you'll probably enjoy it. If you're not stay away, even if fans will tell you that you'll enjoy this game even if you don't know about the comics. Heck, they'll even tell you that's a great starting point into the comics. But it's not.It just has zero immersion and assumes you're familiar with the universe. I have to pick dialogue option about ppl I have no idea about, about stuff I have no idea about. I've player half the first episode just moving through a series of random events that made little sense.I really like the TWD and GoT Telltale games, but this and Borderlands (can't say about others) are really focused to please an already established fan base.Also, more than any other Telltale game, this didn't feel like a game. It would probably be better off as a GN, an animated series of something less interactive.In the end, it didn't hold my attention long enough because of poor immersion for non-fans."
,Not Recommended,250320,8444628,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Charlie,Its♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,250320,29885276,Posted: 12 February,all,................................,"SEASON 2? YOU FORGOT ABOUT THIS GAME FOR MORE COMERCIAL GAMES .... NOT BUYING ANYTHING FROM THIS COMAPNY AGAIN,... IT HAS BEEN MORE THEN 2 YEARS... KEEP MAKING YOUR COMERCIAL BULLSH*T"
,Not Recommended,250320,11143922,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,kevinski,"I played this to help kill time while waiting for the rest of The Walking Dead: Season 2 to come out. I found it to be really disappointing. There's very little in the way of consequences to any of your actions, and the characters are mostly uninteresting and virtually impossible to sympathize with, because they're all so horrendously unlikable. Also, Bigby, the main character, is pretty clearly written to resemble Wolverine in many ways, and he comes off as a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because of it. Lastly, the game feels less janky than The Walking Dead, but the Quick Timer Event prompts in The Wolf Among Us are terrible in comparison.I suppose that Wolverine fans will find something to like here, but anyone who's looking for decent character development should steer clear."
76561198002830225,Not Recommended,250320,11039089,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Reb0rn,"This game started off great but by the third episode I realized that amazing voice acting, great characters and a decent story can only carry a ""GAME"" so far. At the end of the day, there is no challenge, no exploration, no puzzles and no real thinking. You just sit there and hit 1 of 4 dialogues and a few quick time events. You pick up items in the game but most of them have no use and are not even utilized. Eventually you realize that the choices you make do not have any real consequence either. It's a shame because with a few missing elements this game could of been nothing short of amazing but that's the real problem here, it's not a game, The Wolf Among Us is more of an interactive story on rails with the illusion of choices and I would only recommend purchasing it when it's on sale for $10 or less."
76561198008273533,Not Recommended,250320,12391922,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,george.welch,I wasn't a huge fan of this...got boring very quickly...I had high hopes for this as I really enjoyed The Walking Dead games that Telltale released. Pity!!
,Not Recommended,250320,9111783,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kikai,"Episode 1 is very strong, Episode 2 is very disappointing.  I suggest waiting to see if Episode 3 is any good before purchasing."
,Not Recommended,250320,8786652,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Nevose,The length for release of chapters is extremely discouraging. Chapter 2 was to be released late November. Still not released. I'm very dissapointed. I would like a refund. Otherwise it was fun to play for the 20 min....
,Not Recommended,250320,26698639,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,when does he transformer into a wolf??? can somone in the comments section plEase tell me so i can find a cheat code to skip toi there? so far the game is reallyyyyyyy boring
76561197993009489,Not Recommended,250320,11740449,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,cmerick,This game was not very satisfying.
76561198001574214,Not Recommended,250320,11164667,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Moobsy,Seems like a great game but after playing for abit I realised that it has alot of issues and there is very little support in regards to any problems that arent well known. First game I regreat buying to be honest.
,Not Recommended,250320,11150033,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,garoorag,"Not a good detective game, not a good adventure game, not feeling nearly as interactive as The Walking Dead did — and not a very interesting Fables story, either."
,Not Recommended,250320,11138205,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bullet Proof Ninja,Don't buy it.Ending is go buy a book to find out what happened no real choices to make.
,Not Recommended,250320,11541018,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Dubious,"Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing Christ, how does a ♥♥♥♥ing movie like this have bugs?Did someone say for the last episode ""Yeah this looks finished. Bigby's mouyth floating in there air is just a minor inconvenience. Oh, I'm sure the audience won't mind not being able to ♥♥♥♥ing pick their choice for the last episode.""♥♥♥♥ you, you ♥♥♥♥ing leeches"
,Not Recommended,250320,8847176,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,julienf,"The Wolf of Wall StreetNot Family Approved.Synopsis:A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in a large securities fraud case involving corruption on Wall Street, the corporate banking world and mob infiltration. It is based on Jordan Belfort's autobiography.Dove Worldview:Wow! Where do I start? The word ""decadence"" comes to mind! This film has a lot of content in it. It has more language in it than any movie I have ever screened or written about. The same with the sex content. It features constant sexual scenes, or references to sex, strip club scenes; full front female nudity, and I could go on and on but won't. Readers need to look at the content listing below. If I missed anything, please forgive me. There was constant note taking at this one.Jordan Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio) is who this film is about. Black Monday in October 1987 blew his plans away like a whipping wind treats a tumble weed. Soon he becomes part of a scheme that involves illegally bilking many, many people of their funds. He manipulates the market and he lives a sensual and lavish lifestyle which includes sex and drugs and making more funds to continue the lifestyle. However, he eventually reaps the whirlwind for his wild oats sowing and comes crashing back down to earth. It is unfortunate that the filmmakers chose to use graphic scenes and to include a ton of language to tell this story. It could make the point that there are prices to pay for this treatment of people and living this way. And it could have been told in a much more family-friendly way. This one doesn't get a Dove Seal from us.Content Chart & DescriptionSex: Several sex scenes including seeing some motion and hearing some groans; oral sex implied; frank sexual comments and innuendos throughout the movie; two orgy scenes (one is a straight one, one gay); man masturbates (distant view of man's erection); a comment about nuns being ""lesbians""; ""horny"" comments, etc.Language: Too many words to list but literally the F word is uttered over and over again (including sexually) and GD and JC used multiple times and slang for male and female genitalia and breasts; the movie is filled with obscenities and crudities, the most I ever heard in one film.Violence: Arm is seen hanging down from a bathtub in a suicide photo and blood is seen; woman slaps man and he slaps her hard; a wave crashes through a ship's window; fighting; character is almost choked to death; physical struggles between a few characters.Drugs: A lot of drug use including snorting crack (from a woman's rear in one scene); the use of cocaine and crack; talk of selling marijuana; Quaaludes are used and a character refers to himself as the Quaaludes king; champagne and wine and beer consumption; a beer ""pong""; pills; reference to laundering drugs and drug money; smoking.Nudity: Full frontal nudity of woman in several scenes; bare breasts and rear of woman; man's rear cheeks; man's rear seen from side; man in boxers; strippers; strong cleavage; shirtless men; women in short skirts and bikinis; man has erection seen from a distance.Other: Tension and heated arguments between characters; taking advantage of and cheating people; the word ""Chinaman"" is used."
,Not Recommended,250320,11720425,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,[LL] Dudsmack,Meh
,Not Recommended,250320,11157001,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,sofiyachan,"This game looks and sounds amazing, but the control scheme (or whatever you call this) is unfriendly at best. I was supposed to catch a circle with the mouse cursor in a short amount of time and mash keys that flashed on the screen quickly, I think. Maybe I'll try it again sometime, but that first combat sequence isn't pulling me in but rather pushing me out.As another reviewer noted this is less a game and more a visual novel with quicktime events. I like visual novels but never liked QTEs. Too bad because I really would like to see what they are doing with Fables which is a great universe for storytelling. Maybe there are videos of this game online ..."
76561198079220371,Not Recommended,250320,9688456,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Jinkies,"I do not recommend this title.  I will say that the animation is gorgeous and surprisingly immersive for all it's graphic novel noire look.  The whole game took a whopping 3 hours to complete, and only then because I did a lot of rewinds to see other scenarios.  The character's scripts are unnecessarily foul-mouthed, and not in a creative way.  The atmosphere is gritty enough to get the point across that it's a dark fable.  It was enough to kick me out of the story."
,Not Recommended,250320,11143184,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Doctor Runs on Windows,Doesnt have an ending
,Not Recommended,250320,10775684,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Playmaker,"i like the more mature story but major let down after the walking dead, it also recycles a lot of walking dead models plus their are only at most 4 deaths by episode 4. if it had more original models, original characters, more action, more deaths, and more that choices actually affect it would be worth $24.99, i only recommend this if you never played a telltale game before or if its less than $5"
,Not Recommended,250320,8549678,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Goober,"In this game, it have only 1 episode. I finished that episode in a hour. Then, i no have something to do now with this game - until this game will have more episode's. And the game out in 2012. so guys... it is srsly? hope to see a more episodes!"
,Not Recommended,250320,12798727,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,microwaveghosts,"With episodes that are too short to have anything gripping and enthralling happen within, all leading up to a lacklustre and ultimately unsatisfying conclusion, The Wolf Among Us is something I would only recommend to a fan of the original comics. If you are coming to this game expecting the same moral dilemmas and amazing characters as in The Walking Dead, forget it, Telltale tried to make lightning strike twice but really it was a thunderclap and a tiny sparkler slowly fizzling out."
,Not Recommended,250320,30093467,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
,Not Recommended,250320,12660658,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Metabunker,"I was a fan of the first season of ""The Walking Dead"", but this series mostly just annoyed me:1. The few adventure elements that were present in TWD:S1 here are completely gone;2. All the ""action parts"" are insulting QTEs (the most insulting being ""press Q repeatedly to achive X"");3. The world (Fabletown/New York) looks and feels entirely empty;4. If you are not a fan of Fables universe (which I am not), the whole premise is pointless;5. None of the choices really matter, as per usual6. Most conversations are too long/annoying/repetitiveI have bought the game at 50% off, but it was still not worth the money.Maybe at 75%, IF you really like Fables.5/10"
76561198021967912,Not Recommended,250320,12895110,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,lunacron,Every time TWAU tries to connect it crashesThats the 2nd game I got from telltale that doesnt work the other is The walking dead season 1I'm done I'll never buy another telltale game again.
76561198023969762,Not Recommended,250320,12928666,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,loskarn,No...
,Recommended,250320,13095942,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,LilH3ro,Overall GGProsGood Story!Lots of BloodYou get mind ♥♥♥♥ed alot!People DieConsGame glitches if you pause it to muchYou can only be the bigass wolf 1 timePeople are terrible at lyingNot even sure where im going with this...9/10 Wanna be the Big Bad Wolf again :D
76561197970398385,Recommended,250320,11279751,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Creiv,Great entertainment. Good story with twists and turns. The game itself is pretty straight forward - if you should even call it a game. Worth the money anyway! 4/5
,Recommended,250320,30403618,Posted: 8 March,all,Thesecondkira,"I got this as a christmas present, and when I finally got around to playing it jesus christ, I should have played it sooner. The story is so amazing, After an episode would end even days after I finished it, I'd still be thinking about what happened and even heavily second guessing the choices I made during that episode. The time they give you to pick something to say varies, so sometimes a crucial moment would have 3 seconds to decide somethind. ;^;But otherwise, I loved this so so much!! Don't make my mistake, play this sooner rather than later!"
,Recommended,250320,9753018,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,jeff,"Another brilliant game by tell tale games. worth the money especially if you have played ""the walking dead"" game, which, if your considering buying this is on par with the previous title. Whilst the comics the game is based off of may not be as well known to some as the walking dead it is certain to get people playing, not just because its made by tell tale but also because like the pervious title it comes fully equipped with interesting characters, a compelling story and a very intriguing mystery  that is sure to make people tune in and play again for the next episode. 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,250320,9705078,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Pure Ferocity,"If you love story driven games, then you'll like this one. Like the Walking Dead by Telltale, this is almost a choose your own adventure game, but it is a very well made one. You feel like you have agency in the story (and you do, to a limited degree). A detective tale with fantastical elements, the story is well-written and fast paced. It feels like a slightly lengthy, but still somehow compact tv show, with additional investiture in the characters based on your interaction with them.If you're looking for a mechanics driven game, you will be disappointed. If you're looking for the video game equivalent of a great AMC TV show, look no further."
76561198028538586,Recommended,250320,9874083,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Gabie666,An awesome immersive game where decisions and discernement are the key to progress in the game!
,Recommended,250320,9874965,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,ki_garland,"This game is great- I initially knew about it by watching someone else play it online, and I have to say despite that, my gameplay experience was different and unique. Similarly to games like Dragon age, the choices put forward are often difficult, and challenge you morally as a person. I also really love the detail of the fairystories, especially Georgie Porgie- GENIUS!"
,Recommended,250320,9875544,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Sam I Jam,Possibly even more enjoyable than the Walking Dead work they've done. Pure narrative and noir detective mystery in a gritty Manhattan populated with down and out Fables that escaped their home land due to a mysterious calamity.Your choices actually make a substantial difference in the narrative. The character and art design is definitely more appealing and enjoyable than their Walking Dead work as well.Highly recommended!
,Recommended,250320,9875554,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,TGChen,"Telltale get better at this with each new franchise... Great choices from the team, bringing out some great games.More please."
,Recommended,250320,9877312,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Claudius,"I simply cannot get enough of this story.  As hard as it is to say, I think The Wolf Among Us is better than Telltale's Walking Dead.   A great game."
,Recommended,250320,9878594,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,[MCat] Corr,Excellent and unique story.  I don't see there being a lot of replay value but I'm excited to see the final chapters none the less.
76561197971241371,Recommended,250320,7489159,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Dapper Chap,"If you loved Tell Tales rendition of The Walking Dead, then you will not be disappointed when they tackle the realm of graphic novels! This story is set in the Fables graphic novel universe and it's fantastic!"
76561198062211702,Recommended,250320,9727992,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,lovingmydreads,"One of the best adventures i've played since Deponia.Get it! Seriously. Just get it!It's amazing. Every choice you make effects the story.You wanna be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? - No problem.You wanna be a nice guy? - Well. Okay, no problem.A very nice story, cool charakters and fantastic graphics."
76561197967685551,Recommended,250320,9730494,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,grymloche,This is an amazing interactive graphic novel...great story line and art work.
,Recommended,250320,9864526,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Paul Blart,"There's no actual way to describe how this game makes you feel. You think you're making the right choice? Wrong. You think you have an idea where the story is going? Wrong. You think you can please everyone with your choices? Wrong. This game literally ♥♥♥♥s with your perception of morality, and it's great."
76561198128788302,Recommended,250320,10695952,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,thatchick182,No words can express the love I have for this game. TellTale had done some incredible work with their recent games.
76561198039807034,Recommended,250320,10696168,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LallyPop30,"Holy god this game........absolutely looove it, cant wait to see what happens next. Even when there isnt an action scene going on this game keeps you hooked and then makes you cry wanting more when the episode is over. I recommend this to everyone who appreciates a good story and awesome action."
,Recommended,250320,10696200,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ZA WARUDO,whose afraid of the big bad wolf?big bad wolfbig bad wolfwhose afraid of the big bad wolftra lalalala lait's like once upon a time (OUAT) but without ginnifer goodwin but theres still snow white and thats great
,Recommended,250320,10696226,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RealAbruzzi,One of my first Adventure point and click game and it is marvelous.
,Recommended,250320,10697123,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SomebodyOnceToldMe.....Ok,"I read a decent amount of Fables. Not enough to be a fan, yet enough to know the universe and how it works. This is Fables. Plain and simple. Except I am in control. My choices mattered. In my mind, they mattered more than The Walking Dead. I had no idea some things were doable. In The Walking Dead. It was A or B disguised as A, B, or C. In this game. It was random events I chose to do and I could of screwed up or not.The graphics are good but they have flaws. I get the style, yet the way the water works is weird. if they focus so much on sinks, make better textures.Voice acting in this game is flawless. Bigby sounds 1 dimensional at first but evolves."
,Recommended,250320,10697677,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,cR4tz,"This game is a ""must buy"". Not alot of game play but an amazing story that you can't help but get involved with."
76561198006523124,Recommended,250320,10698133,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,whatatwist,"I know some people at first will think "" Its about fairy tale characters"" but let me tell you this story is mature and very well done. It is every bit the equell of the walking dead in terms of how well it was done. Everything fits so nicely that it really is a must play for anyone who likes a good interactive story game."
,Recommended,250320,10793242,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dread22,"Love this game so far. If you like making pressure decisions that effect the story, this is for you."
,Recommended,250320,10794515,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,carrie4420,"I love how this game gives you a prequel story of the comic Fables. Storytelling and action sequences are great. But like TWD, it only gives you an illusion of choice, you will still go through the same plot points regardless how you play it."
76561198109481419,Recommended,250320,10795096,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The arkham killer,this game has to be the best ive ever played and all these story characters dragged into this murder mystery it has the best story and
76561198024600770,Recommended,250320,10796136,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,death grips is online,this game ♥♥♥♥ed me upbut I love it and it was worth every cent and then some.
,Recommended,250320,10796308,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Fluffy Caboose,The only problem with this game is the fact they launch updates every 2 months. Very entertaining and the storyline is amazing. (spin-off from the comics)
,Recommended,250320,10797678,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,KhornateGod,One of my favourite games i've played in ages. The story is superb and like with TWD the range of options available to you is great
76561198029417769,Recommended,250320,10787022,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,12edeyed-,Fantastic game! A rich story and suspensful action scenes keep you on toe.
76561198018472925,Recommended,250320,10787830,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,InsomniCast,This game is another hit from Telltale. If you enjoy The Walking Dead by them then I would strongly recommend this one as well. Some of the chapters are a little short but otherwise it's a very solid game.
,Recommended,250320,10789024,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The power saver,"Like any other TellTale game, The Wolf Among Us is able to deliver an amazing story that will make you never wanna stop playing.  This game is based off the popular Fables comic Series, where you play as Bigby Wolf (AKA The Big Bad Wolf) as you team up with popular fairytale characters to solve a giant murder mystery.  The game has many choices that will effect the story in different ways, and thus gives you a lot of replay value.  If you like games with more story than gameplay, then grab The Wolf Among Us for a game that'll keep you on your heels."
,Recommended,250320,10789044,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CuriousMints,"This game is one of the most enticing, hard to put down games I've ever played. The characters are fascinating. The world is amazing. If you like this, I definitely recommend the books they're based off of."
76561197966476761,Recommended,250320,10765430,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tortilla Time,Great game with sadistic choices and an interesting story.
,Recommended,250320,10790364,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LEOOOON,Great game.I can't wait for the last episode:)
76561198014258242,Recommended,250320,7392061,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Xerowraith,"This game is fantastic, the story and characters are well thought out, I can't wait for Chapter 2, I really recommend this game if you have played the Walking Dead one."
,Recommended,250320,10625154,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bumble,"Fantastic story and amazing animation, it's a great game for anyone who's a fan of adventure style games and mysteries."
76561198076834998,Recommended,250320,10626122,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fatkontrolla,Truly amazing game. It captures the feeling of being a comic book character perfectly. 10/10 story driven game
,Recommended,250320,8285994,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Krappadizzle,"Well written, good voice acting and a fantastic art style. If you liked The Walking Dead and want a story that is a little more adult, this is for you. My wife and I played this and had a great time. It refines on the very basic mechanics that The Walking Dead established and plays much better as a result. I'm looking forward to seeing where the story goes. I enjoyed this first episode much more than The Walking Dead, and was very surprised to see such an adult take on the fairy-tale genre. Good job Tell-Tale, hopefully the quality continues from here."
76561197993214015,Recommended,250320,10646351,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SummaMentis,"Read the comics, play the game.  Enough said."
76561198052637849,Recommended,250320,10646548,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rekitall,"I LOVE THIS GAMEI was really into the comic Fables which this is based on and when I found out there was a game with Bigby Wolf as the main character and you get to solve murders I jumped on it. Now while I love it and I definitely recommend playing it there are some things you should know before you buy.While you get to make decisions that are supossed to effect you later in the game it sort of feels miniscule in the grand scheme of things. Yes, all the episodes aren't out yet so I have no idea how everything plays out, but going through the game a second time with what is out so far, making radically different decisions from my first save doesn't seem to have changed anything drastically. I get all the same information, and in some cases the situations play themselves out exactly the same even if you handle them differently which is admittably frustrating. Especially since the game is based so much on choice.Besides that the game is really fun and thrilling to play. The fight scenes are very well done (There's at least one for each chapter and I'm eager to see what they do with chapter 5), the dialogue has varied options that are fun to go through although it feels like it doesn't matter which option I choose except in few and far between *important* conversations. The characters are fleshed out extremely well and feel like real people. The voice acting is spot on and the graphics are pleasing. I have a lot of fun playing through the game multiple times and I think when the whole thing is out and I know how it ends I will go through it a couple more times."
,Recommended,250320,10647638,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,New Buttery Heights,"The art for the game sets the mood beautifully, with the stunning contrast and the Tell Tale comic book style graphics. The story is intriguing, where it gives away just enough for you to try and build your own gusses of what's happening, but then change it completely in the next episode. All in all, the characterization is great in relation to Fables and is enjoyable to see them trying to solve the issue in The Wolf Among Us."
76561198076286212,Recommended,250320,10647643,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Clownfucker Jones,Beat the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Grendel in a bar fight. 10\10
,Recommended,250320,10650567,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PsyDTamales,Telltale really lives up to their name with games like this. I can't wait for the ending!
76561198014293624,Recommended,250320,10667352,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Indythom,"So, so good. A faithful and beautifully innovative adaptation of a much-loved comic series. I didn't know I needed this until I had it, and now I just want more."
,Recommended,250320,10668039,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mag1c,best story in a game ever!
,Recommended,250320,10662259,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rezevex,Another amazing Telltale Game! Even went achievement hunting...even tho thats not that hard lol.
76561197970521305,Recommended,250320,10664487,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Crapgoose,"If you're a fan of the DC Comics Series Fables this is a definite buy and if not, still buy it!  The gameplay is much like The Walking Dead Seasons from TellTale Games and as usual the story is top notch.  Only four episodes are out so far and I can't wait for the fifth.  Buy it or you might make Bigby angry!"
,Recommended,250320,10403283,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Imperix,"First, I'm not a hardcore Fables guy,  I've heard of the graphic comics, but never expressed an interest in reading them.  I did purchase the actual novel ""Peter and Max"" and really enjoyed that read, so I decided to take a risk, and pick this game up.  Let's just say I'm really glad I did.  I really enjoyed the walking dead game by telltale, and this game is in the same vein essentially.  If you didn't enjoy the walking dead, you won't enjoy The Wolf Amoung Us.You play Bigby, the big bad wolf of legend, who huffed and puffed, well you get the point.  He's sheriff of fabletown, a place where displaced fables now reside in our world, carefully veiled to keep out ""mundy's"" like ourselves.  The characters are interesting, the plot moves fast and really gives you a plethora of interesting dialogue and choices.  You'll find yourself emotionally invested in these characters, as you try to solve these murders of fables that you grew up reading about, all in a noir style as the big bad wolf, what an awesome concept!  It's interesting to play as the big bad wolf, who naturally struggles to maintain the integrity of his office as sherif, versus his natural tendencies to put people in their place, which opens up all kinds of moral conundrums.Do yourself a favor, if you enjoyed any of the telltale series, sans back to the future, your really going to enjoy this game.  If your a fan of fables, or you just enjoy a great story with interesting choices, get this game.  If your into noir stories and solving crimes, get this game.  The point of this review?  get this game, you won't be disappointed, and you'll be clamoring for the release of episode 5, like the rest of us.The game is rated mature, and has bad language and nudity, so I wouldn't suggest it for the kiddies."
76561197964489114,Recommended,250320,10464812,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Swayward,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198054029365,Recommended,250320,10471830,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,ronil_narayan,Great story line
76561197987062429,Recommended,250320,10472406,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,stabbe,"One of the best adventure/storydriven games I have ever played and I always feel like I can't wait for the next episode to get released. Bloody brilliant story, for some gamers it might feel a bit meager to be left with 2-4 choices of how to progress the story through conversations and actions, for me, it's perfect. I play a game for the story and thats what's perfect about this game, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,250320,10518943,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Yuuuki ツ,dis♥♥♥♥♥♥yo is ♥♥♥♥in swag balls i swer un me mum
,Recommended,250320,10521274,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Philbert579,"The Wolf Among Us is the first Telltale game I've played, and as someone who likes story-driven games, it is great. Sometimes the choices you make don't have immediate consequences, but it's nice to have the choice either way. The action sequences are mostly typical quicktime events, but they're not so frequent that they feel pushed on you. Anyone who is a fan of the Fables comics or point and click adventures should give this a shot, it's a great few hours."
76561198131334476,Recommended,250320,10522486,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Vasparian,The Wolf Among is is simply amazing. I love the mix of Fantasy and reality. Making the big bad wolf the main character... Genious.. I mean I just can't get over how well this game is put together. Episode 5 can't come soon enough.
,Recommended,250320,10523267,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,bastek07,Best game ever! Can't wait for last episode!
,Recommended,250320,19227816,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,oMrToast,"What an amazing game. The story is beautiful, the characters are well thought out, and you get put in situations where your morality is tested multiple times. Great game. 10/10, would play again and reccomend to everyone.I also learned at the end that this is from a comic book series called Fables, which I didn't know previously, but I will definitely be looking that up and reading that as well!"
,Recommended,250320,19266426,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,bunker_70,"great game ends to soon, still waiting for a sequell"
,Recommended,250320,19261481,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,jh,these lips are seals arf arf
,Recommended,250320,19255945,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,BoredLion,"I f***ing LOVE this game. I heard that Telltale games were good at stories, but was mildly dubious and didn't want to play something actively tied to an already existing title. No Game or Thrones, or Back to the Future, Walking Dead, or Minecraft, so I went with this. Telltale are able to make some BRILLIANT characters, are able to tell a masterful story with even the most subtle changes having some variation to the overall plotline, and some really awesome moments. The gameplay is fitting of the style of the game and the story, so while it might annoy some in the respect that it has a LOT of QTEs, I have no problem with it due to how they're used.To actively say anything about the story, setting or characters involved would be a spoiler, which makes this slightly hard to talk about, but quite frankly if you want a BLOODY good story with some brilliant characters, then GET THIS GAME. It's WELL worth grabbing"
76561197984030133,Recommended,250320,19243422,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Whyren,"Awesome game! Every once in a while it's nice to take a break from FPSs or strategy games and play something more low key, but equally as fun. This is it. Telltale has done it again! Looks like I'll need to read the comics to figure out what happens to Bigby and all the other Fables!"
76561198113146875,Recommended,250320,19370399,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,tsdcs,Hella good.
76561198037572331,Recommended,250320,19370582,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Tupac27,Amazing story game more please
76561198028981616,Recommended,250320,19375093,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,GugyZajbl,"Only the first two episodes through but I can already recommand this game to any TellTale adventiure fan...I never knew this comics and these characters until I started the game but the story (murder/mistery/styleised/noir) and the characters, the dialog and some funny and really cruel parts just pulled me in. I rearly can play a game for more than 1h at a time but I played this one for a bout 3 hours without a need to stop...I have a feeling that sometimes there is s maybe not enough time for some QTE or some dialog decisions... I would love that that time bar would get empty a little slower in some cases but in general it was ok and just timed good enough to make me think fast and still have fun.And even for the choices that I maybe ♥♥♥♥ up or was not to happy with later I can always replay that part which I'm pretty sure I will since the story is fun and I will still enjoy it even the second time.It's really like playing out an interactive movie or an interactive living comic...I was a big fan of the Walking Dead (season 1 and 2) before and I'm folliwing Tell Tale since they first started with revival of Sam&Max and I would say that this is one of their best work to date...It's a BUY for everyone who likes story strong adventure games and anyone who is not against some good noir/fantasy/murder/mistery..."
76561198107084741,Recommended,250320,19228680,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,SussellRage,Quite possibly one of the best games I have ever played.  Choices feel more complex than in many other decision-based games because they are not simply matters of life-or-death; they affect your public perception as well and how different characters respond to you in the future.
,Recommended,250320,19472458,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Seal Team Shaq,"Despite not very much accessibilty to the outside world the game is set in, the entire rest of the story will draw you in and give an excellent example of a fantastic interactive story game. Playing through this was a joy, and the amount of opportunities you have to create your own fate are plentiful. The ability to see what you chose versus other people's decisions is pretty cool too.10/10, would play again"
,Recommended,250320,19453059,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Coolthulhu,"This game takes good cop bad cop to a different level. You are the big bad wolf in a lycanthrope form. 10/10 Would wolfcop again. I hope there is a sequel, because I would continue playing afterwords."
76561198155622803,Recommended,250320,19471282,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Starlord,"The story is fantastic and there is a lot of cool choices to make. It's as gritty, violent, and mature as advertised. Probably the best Telltale game because it's a dark crime/mystery with fantasy in the mix and a rich story. Overall an awesome Telltale game. Really enjoyable."
76561198028346786,Recommended,250320,19471583,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,beaushiny,"Really well-plotted mystery, compelling characters."
76561198065344627,Recommended,250320,19473635,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MiniQuini,"I have played through the whole game and i can honestly say, if you're starting out on point and click adventure games, this is a great game to start on.Pros.The story is cool. the characters are interesting. the choices you make matter in the end. a lot of the characters are hot as ♥♥♥♥ (men and women)Con. lots of Quick Time Eventseven though the QTEs happen often it helps you pay attention to the story, it's just something to warn people about if they don't like QTEs 100% reccomend ths game"
76561197960882373,Recommended,250320,19451997,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,missing,esse jogo eh loko
76561198003846280,Not Recommended,250320,19561911,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Lortex,"Having played both The Walking Dead through and this as well, I have come to the conclusion that Telltale is an expert at fooling players into thinking that their choices matter. The illusion is always very well done. However, both times, having seen these games to the end, I feel less impactful than ever.There was little to no payoff for any decision or character interaction. At best, your choices are mentioned in passing in a conversation a few scenes down the road, but nothing more.If it can fool you into thinking you are doing something meaningful, then you will have a blast playing this game. If you realize you are playing a linear game, not so much."
,Recommended,250320,19477184,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,almos.balogh,The Best Telltale game.
,Recommended,250320,19528149,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TheSimCal xo,"The last great TellTale game, before they turned into cash cows profiting from a once great reinvention of a genre. Episode 4 and 5 kinda lose the point due to writers changing to different TellTale games, which is a shame because the first 3 episodes are the best the studio has to offer.It's just a shame we're probably never going to see another Devils playhouse."
,Recommended,250320,19399909,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,NastyShoT,I don't know why I ever doubted buying this game. The dialogs in this game are so fun and interesting (by that i mean you can be a huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and feel good about it).These lips are sealed/10
76561198120078557,Recommended,250320,19552651,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ElEnZy,Everyone is afraid of the Big Bad Wolf
,Recommended,250320,8460649,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Peacecorpse133,"This game was extremely enjoyable.  Great storyline!!, Fantastic Characters and world!!"
76561198022847667,Recommended,250320,8375766,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,hayan_saleh,waitin for Ep 2 A+++++
76561197966888422,Recommended,250320,8378738,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kunni,"Really happy with this game, although, telltale are terrible with release dates etc."
76561197977592404,Recommended,250320,8379294,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,wolffire_fl,"Comic book format, faery tale creatures, werewolves, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,250320,8556967,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bronixhirbs.QC,Ce jeu là est juste malade allez essayer ça/This game is awesome you gotta try it!
,Recommended,250320,8559302,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Proxas,"Good game overall. The film noir setting and characters are very interesting and fun. Graphics look good, moody and have a a unique style. The choices don't really feel impactful to the direction of the story so far but it's fun to play around with the options. Release time table for subsequent episodes is agonizing to wait for, and not as advertised.7.5/10 shots of whiskey."
76561198070135982,Recommended,250320,8202056,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Emo Phag,"This game is good. It's a lot different than all of the other TellTale Games. I really love it. I just completed Episode 1. I can't wait for Episode 2! (:However, Episode 2 is taking FOREVER to be released.Is it already done, and they are just waiting for some reason? I have no idea. Same thing with TWD S2. It's taking so long."
,Recommended,250320,8562527,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,@wheelam,This game is ridiculously good. It's furhter evolved from Telltales's past titles. This game has an awesome story!
76561198038948355,Recommended,250320,8566382,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,1-800-Tardis-Repair,"I hadn't expected this to be that good. To be honest, I thought that this game might just be like the tv show Grimm. This game blew those thoughts out of the freaking water. Even though there was only one episode, I've been drawn to the characters. If there was a number rating system, I would give this a 10/10."
,Recommended,250320,8567432,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Trainer Luey,"For only two hours being avaliable, the amount of story, character development and atmosphere created is AMAZING. If you love games that are heavy with story and focus, this is definitely one for you."
,Recommended,250320,8568457,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,VulpineTyrant,Ends with a cliff hanger anoyingly... incomplete game... fun to play if you enjoyed the walking dead series.. leaves you wanting more.
76561197976477831,Recommended,250320,8550781,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Primevil,awsome story great characters but took me about 2 hours first play through and only about an hour the second and third ..Wait till a few more episodes are released to buy as there is no fixted date for the second part and if it takes this long for 1 episode it will take about 2 years to have the full episodes at the current release rate..
76561198108613483,Recommended,250320,8552461,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wolf,"TheWolfAmongUs is a awesome game! you play as Bigby Wolf....yeah And you shall clear someones murder...so its hhis job as a sheriff to find the murderer, and when they kill someone close to him,Than they should really wish they dont get caught. Because bigby is a wolf, and he will tear of arms and beat up anyone to find the now SerialKiller"
,Recommended,250320,8552774,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,T3mp3stN7,"Loved how this started telltale always has the best idea's in gaming using fairytale creatures in a new setting is genius, I do have an issue with what Bigby looks like when he turns, but I heard that isn't the full transformation, lots of twists and turns that I love, overall a good game, and would recommend others play it."
76561197986110486,Recommended,250320,7450019,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,XHound87,"I decided to take a break from the random shooting, rpg-ing and over-machoness of any character voiced by Jeff Blum to try out ""The Wolf Among Us."" As a game done by the devs who did the Walking dead games, theres a lot of similarities. The combat, heavy emphasis on story telling, and your choices coming back to you eventually all line up.This game was enthralling but too short! I know it's meant to be an episodic game but it felt like more of a taste test. A taste test of the finest wines perhaps, but still only a taste test.The complaint other than the length are the controls, which are minor considering it's a story driven point-and-click. The only time the controls really matter are in combat, and with it being a bunch of responsive QTEs, the movement around the areas can be forgiven.If you want to try something a bit different, give The Wolf Among Us a try. Although it's short, it drew me in enough to be keeping an eye out for the next episode."
76561198040906460,Recommended,250320,8386789,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Shadowzpawn,Episode one was awesome. If you liked The Walking Dead game from Telltale Games you’ll like this game as well.
76561198051765926,Recommended,250320,8387895,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Carolinha,"Even with the episode release, the game is pretty good. The idea and the story are great. Hope to see more of it soon!Your actions changing the npc reactions is pretty nice. And the mystery was quite intriguing."
,Recommended,250320,7368505,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,The Cheat,"Fantastic characterization, storytelling and voice acting. As a big fan of the comics, this is a faithful and really well done adaptation. If the quality of the next episodes are as high as the first, this might very well be one of the best games ever, and probably better than The Walking Dead."
,Recommended,250320,8426732,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ambamberam,This game is absolutely gorgeous!!Telltale games are supercool. This was the first I played and have bought others since.Cannot wait for the next 4 chapters to be released!!!
76561198067709380,Recommended,250320,8429784,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,holle23,If you have enjoyed other games by Telltale then there is no reason why you won't enjoy The Wolf Among Us.  The gripping story in tandem with the story element of having to choose when to do things weaves such a beautiful scene that it doesn't take long before you become emotional attached to the characters.  The empathy that this creates makes you sit on the edge of your seat clicking refresh on the store page waiting for the next installment.
76561198048908940,Recommended,250320,19469235,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,Damn that was good. Nice job telltale. I forgive that minecraft crap.
,Recommended,250320,19515440,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,VudgeEyeNuh2,So ♥♥♥♥ing good. That is all.
,Recommended,250320,19392267,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Jefferson Theodore.,Just... Buy it. It's a Great Deal..
76561198124000885,Recommended,250320,19399097,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,FaZe Acne,pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome 13/10 IGN would marry and have kids with if person
76561197999088229,Recommended,250320,19450369,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kageshi,"I cant believe i need to wait for a possible season 2 or to indulge on the fable comic series. They sure wrapped it all up in the end, but damn, I would love a continuation."
,Recommended,250320,19414768,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,EmmaRiley,i like the story based games and this one is really good. great graphics
,Recommended,250320,19336072,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Waow,Masterpiece. I'd say it's better than The Walking Dead. Can't wait to play next episode.
76561198077259320,Recommended,250320,11144437,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bondaw,I love this game. the way that telltail tells this story is pure genuis and there are so many diffrent things that could happen. It is all up to you how you play this. It can leave you in suspence. i highly recomend this game to any one who loves murdermystiry or who dunn it games.
76561198044710546,Recommended,250320,19542793,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Maverick777,Any game where I can rip another characters arm off for the sake of the plot is a game I like.10/10 would and did play again.
,Recommended,250320,19543924,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cookieb⊕t,"Hated the walking dead games, loved this one."
,Recommended,250320,19532814,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bermuda Octagon,"THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLE. BUY IT. DONT EVEN THINK, DONT EVEN HESITATE, JUST DO IT"
,Recommended,250320,19586544,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Masterix,"A friend told me about this game and I love it, the storyline is just awesomely good and it's got that sense of suspense that doesn't let you stop playing the game, as you go on with the story you keep wondering what comes next! Also the characters are very characteristic especially the main one, Bigby, he's a fuc*ing cool bad a** guy!! So, after playing this I think I'm into telltale games, gonna try more of them out!and y'know..""you're not as bad as everyone says you are"""
76561198038553604,Recommended,250320,19587144,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Kleos,When is the next one coming out?
,Recommended,250320,8052125,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Earl Grey,"Great game, enthralling artwork and a captivating storyline!"
,Recommended,250320,8056710,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Cryokhai,"I absolutely love the game, Telltale have outdone themselves once again, The voice acting is superb and the story is nicely paced and interesting, I would recommend it to anyone, It lets you re-live but see a different side of the fairy tale characters you knew when you were a child.Only issue I have with it, seems to be the massive length between episodes releases, It's Painfully long to wait for the next episode which makes you lose interest and forget the story you did so far.Story = 9/10Characters = 9/10Choices = 7/10Graphics/Design = 9/10Episode release speed = 1/10Overall = 8/10It's Enjoyable and at least worth trying out before you judge it, Just wish the episodes would be released faster."
76561198012390569,Recommended,250320,8056714,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Willow Woods,"From the makers of The Walking Dead, this game does not disappoint. Its edgy with a twist on classic fairy tales we all grew up with. The animation is cell shaded to give that comic book feel.Bigby Wolf (you) is an anti-hero struggling with the habits of his past, trying to make a new start in a harsh world of the mortals.  People who know his past and his true form are generally down right scared of him, others wish to challange him, and then there's the handful who actually want to give him a chance. You patrol the ghettos as the intracity's sheriff with no ties to the city's true law enforcement. You can see how that might cause some issues.After completing an episode you'll be on your toes waiting for the next to be released. Its compelling, delightfully confusing story with a twist. Its like being in your favorite adult drama series. Definately not a game to play in front of the kids."
76561197989324079,Recommended,250320,8059802,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Laen,Wow! Just as good as The Walking dead. Or even better?? :)
,Recommended,250320,7944469,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Retribution,This game is awesome
76561197970398171,Recommended,250320,7944547,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Arden,"Amazing game, very short but extremely good. I wasn't sure about the setting before buying it but I think its the best part of the game! Bring on part 2."
,Recommended,250320,7944933,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Shillelagh,"Amazing game. Let's be honest, it's 80% story and 20% gameplay (ok maybe 75%, 25%), but damn... so good.  Art-style, music, voice acting (apart from some almost♥♥♥♥♥♥Van♥♥♥♥♥♥bad ""cockney English"" stuff), just really atmospheric. Can't wait for the next episode, SERIOUSLY."
,Recommended,250320,10325470,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Sugoi Sugoi,"I have no words for this game, It's just, just amazing. All the time keeps you on the edge of your seat. If you dont know what to buy, BUY this game and I know You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,250320,10239659,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Hooplehead,Awesome. Addictive. Need MORE!!
,Recommended,250320,10239670,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Mike,"Only played up to Episode 3, however I love the dark graphic style and taking all these old Fables tables and putting a totally new spin on interacting all those established characters together. I won't give away any spoilers but this game is beautiful for implimenting Tell Tales trademark storyline style games - such a rich engaging storyline so far! Recommend!"
,Recommended,250320,10304508,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Lucius Greystone,"Wolf's greatest strength lies in the quality of it's writing backed by a familiar yet distinctive art style. Evoking a certain comic book-esque imagery in each and every scene, the noir-inspired story and characters have a tangible flavor that the gaming community hasn't seen in a very long time.Bigby himself is a serviceable anti-hero that you'll grow to cheer for, if not love. The suspense surrounding the core mystery is palpable and will keep you coming back for more. And though the front end of the story is a bit more curiosity-inducing than the latter parts, your desire to see though the end of the plotline will see you through many a playthough."
76561198111855236,Recommended,250320,10306284,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Cybion,"awesome game, the perfect adaptation from the comic Fables. I hope some day, TellTale Games give us more episodes or another history with the Great Bigby."
,Recommended,250320,10308287,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Darth Vincentius,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!
76561198041890490,Recommended,250320,10309297,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Quanye,"this game is like a fresh batch of brownies. you take a bite and think ""this is good"" they you realise it has some gooey chocolate chips inside and your like ""no way it gets better"" then you like eat the rest of the brownies and die because the games so good i could eat it out."
,Recommended,250320,10310753,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,dreamscollide,Addictive ^_^
76561198101583364,Recommended,250320,10297231,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dashal Darwin,I love it.You can't go wrong with Telltale games.
,Recommended,250320,10299648,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Kier,just plain awesome.
,Recommended,250320,10301028,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Vagabond,"Great Game. Highly recommended! I'm even tempted to try Walking Dead S1 and S2 from the same guys, but maybe if I get them in a deal later on."
76561198138513422,Recommended,250320,10301264,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,mariahny,I love this game! I finished episode 1 and OMG! I can't wait to start episode 2!
76561198089834160,Recommended,250320,10301351,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,She is Aroused,"There aren't many games that i can say I've played through without a second of being bored, but this is one of those games. 10/10 i sure hope they continue with another season after Episode 5 of Season one, cause its worth it."
76561198104247622,Recommended,250320,10311567,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ellis189,awsome- although switching from selecting speech to dodging attacks is difficult with a laptop haha but great game!
,Recommended,250320,10314364,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Bob de Bre,!!!
76561198044963439,Recommended,250320,10318362,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Paprika,"Absolutely stunning.I like The Wolf Among Us more that The Walking Dead series, to be honest that is.A bit slow releasing the episodes, but worth waiting for (except 4 months for episode 2, and it was even short as hell).If you think it's a bit too much money for something you don't even know you might like or not, I recommend trying out the free episode 1 on the apple store at the moment."
76561198058227063,Recommended,250320,10544260,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sheogorath,wel i wasnt sure at first but knowing how good telltale games are ex the walking dead game i loved it
,Recommended,250320,10545206,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,breaux42,The Wolf Among Us is just pure great. The story is wonderful and engorssing wheter you are familiar with the wolrd of Fables or if you're not even sure what Fables is. The decisions you make are difficult and the action scenes are done so much better than those in The Walking Dead game (And I love the Walking Dead game). The art style is aso great with a great level of detail in the world. The end of each episode only makes me want the next episode sooner.
76561198045843068,Recommended,250320,10533119,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Seamo,mmmmmmmm
,Recommended,250320,10535949,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dio Brando's Vampiric Dong,Story driven and gorgeous art style.
76561197999521662,Recommended,250320,10538098,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SgtPoppinfresh,Pretty Good
76561198067455010,Recommended,250320,10549527,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,15nalden,Good game
,Recommended,250320,10551780,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,emilyrose,"Probably my favorite game I've played. Really intruiging story, doesn't give me a headache with its animation, overall A+."
76561198096448900,Recommended,250320,10551813,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,willo17au,I am really enjoying this game and look forward to how it will all wrap up in the final episode.
,Recommended,250320,7885515,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Niberium,"You speak with a pig and a toad. Toad has an English accent, but toad jr hasn't. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,7886024,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Cock Womble,"Buy it. Great story, nice interface. Roll on the next episode!"
76561198020822457,Recommended,250320,7886046,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lucky J,"My god this is so good, didn't think it would be, but damn it is! Awesome fight sequences and characters, and as usual Telltale's epic choices."
,Recommended,250320,7432692,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Swe Kiwi,"My absolute favourite game of 2013. Actually a little bit better then The Walking Dead, which was one of my favourite 3 best games of ALL time.Don't miss out on this awsome tale."
76561198020916248,Recommended,250320,7886337,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,jayyce,"Ohhhh my god! Telltale are just getting better, and better. I rarely find myself becoming emotionally involved in games, but this is one of those rare occasions, this truly appears as if (as long as the following chapters are as good) it is going to be a fantastic game. Couldn't recommend it more."
,Recommended,250320,7886689,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ace Arcade,frick ya!!!111!1
,Recommended,250320,7513939,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,[XHAKA],"Great storyline so far, looking forward to episode 2"
,Recommended,250320,7886891,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Amyco,"As someone who read a few of the Fables comic books, this was a really entertaining game to play. I'm not sure how good it would be to someone who doesn't know at least a bit of the Fables universe though."
76561198004776451,Recommended,250320,7888157,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Volks Milchreis,awesome adventure with no simple good-bad decisions you forge a Bigby Wolf you like as you play. For example the bad guy trying to redeem himself with some anger issues or the beast you were in ancient times
76561197972171483,Recommended,250320,7484245,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,iamenrique,This is great!  Visually awesome and very entertaining.  Eagerly awaiting Episode 2
76561198074478293,Recommended,250320,7652022,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Double,It's pretty swell
,Recommended,250320,7889242,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jebusaurus Rex,The first episode is exceptionally short. That's actually unimportant. The amazing thing is how much story and emotional devolpment they were able to fit in to about two hours. The addition of time affecting the story should add quite a bit to this. Can hardly wait for episode 2.
76561198017503418,Recommended,250320,7890221,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Andeedee,"I did not play the Walking Dead but I found this game to be an engrossing, entertaining use of 2 hours. I keep checking back every few days to see when Episode 2 will come out."
76561198027209214,Recommended,250320,7890856,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Scen,GET THIS GAME
,Recommended,250320,7891050,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Hagger,"A strong narrative with amazing characters and an interesting set piece makes this sequel to The Walking Dead a memorable experience. If you liked The Walking Dead game, you will like this one."
,Recommended,250320,7398104,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Mex,"I should've gone to sleep 2 hours ago. Just popped into this game for a few minutes to check it out, and somehow I finished it.It's really, really, really good. If you liked the Walking Dead game, this is better, because werewolves are cooler.But seriously, I loved the setting, it looks beautiful and it's just *fun*. You don't need great reflexes to enjoy, even failing is cool. Not a lot of puzzle solving, some investigating. Haven't enjoyed an adventure game so much since Grim Fandango, it's really creative, 10/10. Seriously, try it. Worth full price for sure.I might check out the comic after playing this, that's how much I liked it."
,Recommended,250320,7928918,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Roz Stripe,"LOVE THE STORY, TTG has done it again, the only bad pasrt is (SPOILER/STOP READING) TTG STOP KILLING MY LOVE INTEREST!"
,Recommended,250320,7929761,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Xaitrah,Nice story. Same playstyle as the walking dead.
76561198092558348,Recommended,250320,7530797,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Tripix,Weavy Weight game !!!!
,Recommended,250320,7933566,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ShouldahadaV9,"amazing storyline, better then the walking dead season 1 the game. brought the kid out of me and applied it to an adult setting perfectly."
76561198040825623,Recommended,250320,7933689,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Bionicbeat,Does Chuck Norris♥♥♥♥♥♥in the woods!? Great game...
,Recommended,250320,7933794,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Morfryn,"I would hesitate to write a review of a game that is only 20% released.  However, having played through it twice already and am looking at it at least one more time, I can say it's certainly worthy.  The game play feels like a ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" book combined with quick time responses.  If you are a fan of the comics, it's fantastic to see how several characters are portrayed, if at least one of them feels slightly...off.  Beyond that, there are things I could say, but won't for fear of spoilers.  Awesome pick up."
76561197984699616,Recommended,250320,7933846,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,mindwipe,This game caught me by surprise and exceeded any expectations I might have had.  Perfectly captured the feel of the comic Fables and was a delight to play.  The game itself is rather basic and the controls a touch clunky but frankly this is an interactive story and knocks it out of the park overall.  Can hardly wait for the next installments.
,Recommended,250320,7403534,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Merin,"Holy fantasy film noir, Wolfman!It's only one episode, but I think this may be vastly superior to The Walking Dead.Telltale just keeps getting better and better.I've never touched Fables before, but this game has sold me on giving at least the first trade a read.  Great atmosphere, great gameplay, choices that none seem at all obvious...Episode One is amazing.  I cannot wait for the next installment!"
76561198005758758,Recommended,250320,7935078,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,aebonhawk,it realy good
,Recommended,250320,7872754,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,zyvod,"The first episode is very good, can't wait for the rest to be released."
76561198067486109,Recommended,250320,7873102,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,eliasaur,dopest dope hands down..
,Recommended,250320,7620956,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,"Dr. Gaben, Medicine Ham",Telltale's latest installment (which as of this recommendation is only in its first chapter) is a great improvement for a studio that is already firing on all cylinders. This game shows a lot of polish and proves to be another example that point and click adventure games haven't died; they've simply adapted to a modern play style.If the chapters to come remain as good as the first one (and Telltale's The Walking Dead is a strong indicator that we should expect them to be) this game is a must buy.
,Recommended,250320,7873231,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,I Just Want My Family Back,great brain food
,Recommended,250320,7873500,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Deadly Hands of Shaq-Fu,"I really liked the story and the gameplay, the action stuff is still not a huge part of the game but i thought it was done much better than in The Walking Dead. The graphics and visuals are beautiful and the direction and cinematography was also great. It should be fine to play if you haven't read the comics, it's a prequel so no spoilers."
76561198032744621,Recommended,250320,7873527,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TheKombatWombat,"Amazing game, the story was amazing and it has great replay value, pumped for next 4 episodes"
76561197964719232,Recommended,250320,7873535,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,CheeZee,"Great story telling, good modern twist on the old fairy tales. And has a smoking whiskey drinking pig in it."
76561198045386305,Recommended,250320,10600867,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,shooby doo,"An incredibly dark yet thrilling adventure story to really sink your teeth in. Definitely something you'd want to keep out of reach from the kiddos, but enjoyable regardless. The different branches of choice through dialogue options really defines the story arc, making it even more satisfying when you discover certain mysteries. The only problem I have with it is that the ""action sequences"" tend to lag up and gets a bit tedious, although they don't happen too often, and it's mostly just a problem with having an older computer anyways. An excellent game overall with a great story."
,Recommended,250320,10585190,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Stonayyy,this game is gold
,Recommended,250320,10586103,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Alpha,i m not going to say much this game because people have written amazing detailed reviews. but the thing about the game stuck with me and this could just be me..the main purpose of the bigby is to win snowwhites' heart right?!
76561197991234952,Recommended,250320,10570855,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Manic2K,"This game is awesome, awesome art, awesome story and it's a tell tale game. thumbs up."
76561198035853075,Recommended,250320,10573518,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper,"Good stuff. I tend to like story heavy games, and this one is a doozy."
,Recommended,250320,10613787,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Alpha7,"Awesome prequel to the comics. The game play is what you'd expect from Telltale, my only complaint is that the episodes are really short (1.5 hours or so each). If you enjoyed the walking dead, or fables (the comic) I would highly recommend this."
76561198000269400,Recommended,250320,10616452,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Somrey,Another great game by the makers of The Walking dead Season 1 & 2
,Recommended,250320,10616836,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GrimmKitten,I absolutely LOVE this game! I'm a huge fan of the Fables comic books and Bigby is my favorite character. This game brings him to life even better than I thought possible and gives you a chance to interact with some of your favorite fairytale characters along the way. The mystery in the storyline adds to the fun and keeps you eagerly waiting for the next episode.
,Recommended,250320,10005809,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,EcchiSpacePanda,Great Game.....It is different(In a good Way)I Love IT and Cant wait for the next episode :)
76561197985704187,Recommended,250320,10054662,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,FUNGUS AMUNGUS
,Recommended,250320,10058124,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Death_of_the_Endless,"I have say, I've really been enjoying this game. The choose your own adventure aspect is totally interesting and I think it's pretty cool that each player has a fairly unique experience. I always look foward to the release of the next chapter- and play through in one sitting. ****"
,Recommended,250320,10058939,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Nickslice,"If you are a fan of the Walking Dead game by Telltale, this is 100% for you. I never read the Fable comics but this is one of the most gripping games I've played right along with TWD."
76561197997893142,Recommended,250320,10062297,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Kmac83,"Between the story telling and pacing of the game, this is easily one of my favorite adventure games to be released in the past decade. And besides, who wouldn't want to go around solving murders as the big bad wolf??"
76561198104679147,Recommended,250320,10072108,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Brobitussin,Amazing DC Comic franchise meets decision based point and click adventure. Sprinkle in a little Gritty Film Noir storyline and serve. Pairs best with an IPA or Dunkelweizen. Enjoy!
,Recommended,250320,10077498,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Allvaldr,"Fables offers an awesome universe to work with. The writing is good. Generally, definitely can recommend it.It's high past time Telltale updates their game engine though. The game crashes on Windows 7 and 8 when you got a gamepad connected to your PC, and the keyboard controls don't recognise AZERTY (French/Belgian) keyboards, making the use of the keyboard nearly impossible unless you use third party tools to switch your keys to QWERTY mode. These are bugs that have been reported to them literally years ago, and that have plagued ALL their games. Yet they choose to ignore this feedback and continue as they are.Oh well, even if they're lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at Telltale. They're lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who make good games."
,Recommended,250320,10078067,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,maytagman,awesome game
,Recommended,250320,10062742,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,x Sevynn x,Telltale's latest episodic adventure is well worth a play!
76561198013312453,Recommended,250320,10069128,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Handosan,"The strongest testament to the return of adventure gaming. Plays out like a greek novel in modern fantasy form. The writers deserve all the kudo's available. They've created a narrative and a set of characters out of fables and tales, and brought them to a medium that wasn't asking for them. And brought them hard, in an irresistable way that draws you in and sinks its hooks so deep you find yourself stuck. On first impressions I didn't want to play this game, but now I'm glad the accessability of Steam brought me here.Exceptional story. Brings in some minor twich gameplay aspects that can be a bit touchy and hard to understand at times. But that's the down-point. The interlocking branching of these fables is exceptional and, as I said, the strongest example of an almighty ressurection to adventure gaming. The part that sang to me was the unpredictabileness of this tale, something that even Dan Brown can't accomplish. I look forward to the next two chapters of this series. I sincerely hope Lucas Arts looks at these projects and takes their example in returning to their old adventure lustre. And perhaps in their influence to the new Star Wars trilogy."
76561198042814201,Recommended,250320,10098401,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Hoopermation,"Not the best Telltale has been able to do, but they surprise us yet again!8.7/10"
76561198040889998,Recommended,250320,10103947,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Tantfarbror,Awesome game
,Recommended,250320,8991004,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,no,♥♥♥♥ing crying every single day of my life... I cannot contain my emotions. This game is amazing I literally am going to die if I have to wait for each episode ♥♥♥♥ it
76561198013811405,Recommended,250320,8991019,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Silentsteel101,"Great thriller, decision based murder mystery. Can not wait til the next installment.  3 thumbs up!"
,Recommended,250320,8991799,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,JakeTheBigSexy,"It's a damn good game, and by the looks of it, a very interesting retelling of the ever well made ""Fables"" graphic novel series, especially good if you're a fan already. If not, check out this game before checking out the books.But seriously, check out this game."
,Recommended,250320,7782461,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,mattysiebs,A great game!  This is a must play for any tell-tale game lovers!
76561198005922022,Recommended,250320,8992033,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Zoron,Very cool start - played about an hour so far and interesting gameplay. Point-and-click adventure style with some quick-time action scenes mixed in. Based off a great comic series (Fables).
76561198089314630,Recommended,250320,8992273,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Solaires,"I've played about 5 Telltale games. The Walking Dead Series Season 1 400 Days Season 2, The Wolf Amoung Us, Jurasic Park, Tales of Monkey Island and Back to the Future. To be honest not as much of a fan of Back to the Future or Jurasic Park but Tales of Monkey Island was okay and The Walking Dead series and The Wolf Amoung Us are very addictive games for their stories. Watching a series about what happens when fables are runned out of their homelands and try to live amoungst regular people in a rough community in New York as you play :The Big Bad Wolf"" trying to solve a murder mystery and choose whether to redeem his dark past or to live feared by the Fables of Fabletown. Not just comicbook mystery makes this game interesting but also the art and creative thinking that went into this story makes this game worth trying. Every characters personality comes to life and the game has a very dark atmosphere and villians happened to be turned about as heroes as heroes also tend to reverse roles as villians."
76561198025903555,Recommended,250320,8993018,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,[RSA] TheMelvinMan,Yes!Yes!Yes!! This game is just pure genius from the design to the story. You NEED this game!
76561197960513523,Recommended,250320,8993079,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,-n0sk!ll-,"Awesome game, can't wait to get the other 3 seasons (which sadly will take some time). I just love the mix between a mature story and content and the idea of fairy tail characters and how they woul have changed once they entered our mundane world."
,Recommended,250320,8993357,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Anglow,aww yiss motha♥♥♥♥en big bad wolf detective 10/10
,Recommended,250320,7687986,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Noz_God,Good start but we need more
,Recommended,250320,8997670,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,The Bearded Fellow,"This game is an absolute blast to play! I love the story line, characters, and the grittiness that really makes you wonder what these fables would do if they were living in dirty and corrupted city. The people you think are good may be bad and the ones who were bad might be good. The game is heavily focused on story line but keeps you in control by having you make decisive decisions in a way that feels like you would make them in real life. The point and click action is fun and also makes you think about what decisions you want to make. Overall a really great game that I am thoroughly enjoying. My only complaint is that I wish they came out with the episodes faster."
,Recommended,250320,8998820,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Ericthegamer2,Beat A Man With A Stick... 10/10
,Recommended,250320,8939542,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,straplesscrayon,"Wolf Among Us was pretty captivating from the start. The characters are unique. The gameplay stands out from other adventure games. It's story-driven, choice-driven, and outcomes carry over into later parts of the episode.I would definitely recommend this game. However, waiting for new episode releases is mind-numbing. We've waited 4 months for another 2 - 3 hours of gameplay. If this wait time is typical for this title, we will be well into next year by the time episode 5 finally rolls around."
,Recommended,250320,8969564,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,elou,Awesome story! Now we just need more episodes!
76561198004782294,Recommended,250320,8969581,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Rumfro,"I have 130 games including this one, Accumulated over literally years. This game is the first time I've actually gone ""Holy crap, I need to reccomend the hell outta this"".I bought the full version of ""The walking dead"" and got to the end of the first episode going ""Welp, that was fun."" and never touched it again.Unfortunately at the moment there's only one episode out for The Wolf Among us (Soon to be two, woo!) but I played through the first episode and sat there with my mouth open going ""There needs to be more of these, nao.""The key differences from what I can tell (from the first episode of each game). The Walking dead was more of a ""Action / survival"" game, whereas the wolf among us definitely falls under ""Action / puzzle / film noir / murder mystery"". For those that enjoyed Heavy Rain, or L.a. noir, I whole heartedly reccomend this game to you."
,Recommended,250320,7366224,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Sharky,Great story.  Suprising twists.  Endless dialogue/action quicktimes. Dialogue quicktimes.  Visually a big step towards a strong comicbook look.  Just maxamize that last still above to get an idea.
76561198068113648,Recommended,250320,7401115,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,shoom,Great first episode. If liked The Walking Dead you'll love this
,Recommended,250320,8973016,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Natasha10let,Amazing!
,Recommended,250320,8973093,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Elohim,"This game is amazing! can't wait until episode 2 is released, said to be today! so anyone who enjoys a good game, play this game for sure. made by the same company that made The Walking Dead. This game includes alot of things to interact with, story wise. You can change how your fellow NPC's view you as you choose different paths in the dialogues etc."
,Recommended,250320,7376524,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Toschi,"Great first episode. Just like a darker ""Who Framed Roger Rabbit""."
76561198024971718,Recommended,250320,10743287,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Columbian BamBam,Fantastic game. HBO quality of storytelling.
,Recommended,250320,10743536,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Acquire,"More people need to play this.  I wasn't convinced on these types of games at first, but just got through episode 2 and it's great.  The story, characters, music, art style just sucks you in.    This is the right way to do adventure games and episodic content."
,Recommended,250320,10743549,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fordfx2,There's a new sheriff in Fabletown....Mr Bigsby I presume. All the Fables told from when I was a kid with crude humor and violence mixed with foul language and god knows whats next.....
76561197995013469,Recommended,250320,10743904,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Michaelus,"I recommend, but only on sale. Time played per $ paid ratio is very low. That doesn't make it bad ... interactive novel. The theme is interesting enough to give it a go. As usual with this producer graphics, voice acting and gameplay are OK+. Choices are more of illusion, they don't have much impact, which makes replaying kind of pointless. QTEs are annoying at times, reflex is required and why would I want to repeatably hit Q to the point my hand aches?"
,Recommended,250320,10737392,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kalfou,"This game is fantastic. If you have any interest in compelling story and characters, then get it now. The dialogue and voice acting is done with a natural feel that will entrance you and keep you playing till you have caught up on the latest chapter."
,Recommended,250320,10737438,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Stogie,Werewolf Sheriff and Princess Strippers.
76561198084485522,Recommended,250320,10848031,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Squatcher ◢◤,One of the best games I have ever played. Grippng story with many twists and surprises - a game you must get if you like fantastic story lines or just an enticing game. 10/10!
76561198065444536,Recommended,250320,10851160,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Teatime,"While focused most on the three dimensional characters and incredible story, The Wolf Among Us doesn't forget that it's a game. Decisions have real weight in Fabletown. The animation is beautiful - the cell-shaded comic style works well and looks smooth. The game, if short, is incredibly immersive; I hardly looked up for the first three episodes. I bought it on sale but would have paid full price if I'd known what it was like. I can't wait for episode five!"
76561198013384995,Recommended,250320,10853366,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,vinter84,Crazy good game!
,Recommended,250320,10853911,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,hella ennui,"CSI: Grimm's Fables. Play as the enormous buff dillweed you've always wanted to be, or attempt to be Slightly Less Of A Tool. Either way, it's fun. Very story driven, with the occasional need to use your brain and bash away at QTEs."
,Recommended,250320,10854100,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Drey,Um dos melhores jogos atualmente...Da surpreendente Telltale Games esse jogo te permite decidir como a história será guiada.O jogo é praticamente um desenho animado com ótimos gráficos onde você comanda os personagens.NOTA 10!
,Recommended,250320,10854469,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,techSlice,"Ok, just finished episode 1. Already hooked! Wife loves it too. I'm sure I know what she's gonna do with one of her days off. My only thing is I wish I had just a liiiittle more time with each decision, but if that's in the settings, I haven't seen it yet."
76561198020152303,Recommended,250320,10039000,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Andraax,"I feel a little bit too old for fairy tales.  I hesitated to buy this one.  I waited, but watched it.  But the stunning and well written Walking Dead by Telltale and postive reviews made me think again.  I admit, that I got this game when it was on sale, but now, knowing it, I must say:  It is worth every cent, even at full price.  It isn't as long as other adventure like games, but the story is so great, that it is more than worth it.  I played roughly 2.3 hours per episode so far.  It will be perhaps 12-13 hours one playthrough when all 5 episodes are complete.  But hey, 23 EUR for around 13 hours of awesomeness vs comparable 50 EUR for maybe 30 hours of mediocrity or boredom with many other titles?  I prefer the first option!  ;-)"
76561198025258865,Recommended,250320,8200300,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Keeyu,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ A MUST PLAY. You will regret it of you don't !
,Recommended,250320,8200540,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Circumflex Accent,"This game is amazing so far, if you liked The Walking Dead you'll like this."
,Recommended,250320,8201361,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Rexicide,"A former murderer turned law enforcement, struggles to keep the peace in an impoverished community while proving to himself and those around him that he has changed. A deep story full of drama and twists that will keep you guessing who done it. Did I mention the concerned characters are fables?Gameplay may not be for everyone as it is more an interactive story book. The story is shaped by you as much as any other choose you adventure book allows you to. The episodic model means the game is released in installments, meaning it is up to the release when you will get to finish the story.Would recommend 9/10"
,Recommended,250320,8201542,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mo,9/10
,Recommended,250320,8201813,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,orinos73,"As longtime Fables fans my wife and I both were excited to play this game, and honestly were not expecting it to live up to our experience with the books. We were actually really pleased with Telltale's interpretation of the characters and the Fabletown wolrd. We're a little over halfway through this first installment at just under an hour and half of gametime and we're already looking forward to playing it again with different choices. Our only disspointment so far is that we're going to have to wait some undetermined amount of time for the next episode."
,Recommended,250320,8201846,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,CartaX2,"Loving this game so far.  I am a big fan of games where story is the main draw, and this is one of the best I have played in some time.  Very gripping, powerful and dark storytelling.  Can't wait for the rest of the episodes!"
76561197982236487,Recommended,250320,8202150,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,BigBooty,"Telltale's coming out with an excellent line-up for the new year! Sure, they take a while to release each chapter, but the quality you get when they take their time makes up for it! Can't wait for chapter two for TWAU, and TWD Season 2!"
,Recommended,250320,8202526,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Grommdabom,"This game was extremely satisfying especially if you've have enjoyed Telltale game's, The Walking Dead the only minor flaw was that i was able to predict the ending so easily </3 GIVE US MORE CONTENT <3"
,Recommended,250320,8203611,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,haaakemon,
,Recommended,250320,8204458,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Deadpurr,"Awesome game, can't wait for episode 2!"
76561198000710280,Recommended,250320,8205451,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MonkeyHarris,"A dark, funny adventure game against an 80s backdrop (including a call out for Shakin Stevens!) - highly recommended"
,Recommended,250320,8513734,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,°DIM° Hondures,"[02-01-2014]It's so good that I can't say anything bad about it.it's a perfect hybrid of story telling and interaction.it even felt better than The Walking Dead.Final Score: 10/10 (For episode 1: ""Faith"")The Wolf Among Us is an interactive story game, with an mature storyline that forms after the decisions you make while playing as Bigsby (the Wolf from the 3 little piglets.) Bigsby is a cop in charge of keeping order in Fabletown. Fabletown is a subarea in New York City, where creatures and characters from fables live after an exodus. normal people can not see the people who lives in fable town cause it's blessed with some magic which make them invisble.This is a must buy if you got 2 hours to kill for the first of the five episodes that will released in the following months ultil summer 2014. (you will gain instant acces to the upcomming episodes when they become available on steam, if you buy the game.)"
76561198013668903,Recommended,250320,8514872,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,abel.sf87,"Amazing game, did the episode one only once, and now im eating my head thinking if things would have gone different if my choices would have been smarter..."
,Recommended,250320,8618711,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Malsy,Telltale Games did yet another great story based game the game really reels you in with the plot and gameplay and did a great job setting up for the rest of the series. I can't wait for the next episode to come out
76561197970742184,Recommended,250320,8603080,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,lordjani,"I loved Telltales Walkind Dead. I love this too, like watching a good film with a chance to influence on things... Superb!"
,Recommended,250320,8608334,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,coltsfan188721,"If Telltale does something right, it is story and characters. The Wolf Among Us is shaping up to perhaps to be their most compelling work yet. I would suggest holding off until at least Episode 2 is released, as the team is having trouble pushing out the copies. However, if you are a fan of a good story and characters you can attach to, this is the game for you"
,Recommended,250320,8611321,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Trozzbozz,Great game based off of a great comic. It's an interesting concept worth a look. :)
,Recommended,250320,8611678,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Jinks,"Great game, story draws you in"
76561198062728952,Recommended,250320,8611788,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Cerberus626,"Insightfully indepth story, captivating narrative, enthralling gameplay, witty dialogue, meaningful choices, nice pace, intriguing ideas, lovable characters and a gripping and twisting plot makes this game one of the most personal and interesting games I've played; a must have!"
76561198044111070,Recommended,250320,8615796,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Darkest_of _Suns,"The use of a variety of mythological creatures (thus far it seems to really only be of European origin but who knows whats next) creates not only a learning experience, but also allows the cast to feel fleshed out simply by the company they keep. This game is astounding in its portayal of Bigby, a character capable of just as much carnage as good, where your actions decide which is realised. The twists are phenomenal and the fight sequences are engaging without being very difficult, making it clear just how strong the Big Bad Wolf really is."
76561197970390402,Recommended,250320,9770151,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Hupsutin,Superb 10/10
76561198054442901,Recommended,250320,9770263,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Reuben,9/10. Intense and involving story. Must play for anyone.
76561198030938552,Recommended,250320,9770800,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Underday,"Excellent game, great graphics performance, fun gameplay and amazing storytelling as usual from Telltale Games. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,250320,9770825,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Belzebell,"Definitely even more awesome than the TWD series, and you all know howw awesome Telltale`s work was there.Wolf Among Us is WAY underrated!"
76561198060718228,Recommended,250320,9772292,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,[MeoW] Nyderwin,The wolf among us is awesome. Storywise is it great if you like to be nice or a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can i like the stylebut it sucks that you most wait so long for a new episode
,Recommended,250320,9772504,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,[GWJ] ebarstad,"I can only speak for the first 3 episodes, but so far this series has been brilliant. I love the universe and the story has been great so far. TellTale has done a great job with The Wolf Among Us and I can't wait for the final two episodes."
,Recommended,250320,9772599,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Scatter,as a fan of the fables comic i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game
76561197962787182,Recommended,250320,9774081,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,RockStart,"Get it while it is still hot! I like it even better than ""The Walking Dead"". Awesome story-telling. Interesting and catching characters. Love it!"
,Recommended,250320,9774139,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Zeedar,"After the first two episodes, all I can say is: This game is brilliant. If you like the Walking Dead-style storytelling combined with a a little investigation similar to LA Noire, set in a world of Fables, man do I have a game for you. It is an amazing one-time experience, with great characters, and a story that had me at the edge of my seat the whole time. I'll go back and play the thrid episode as soon as I have time.I would recommend this game to anyone, even non-gamers."
76561198003137170,Recommended,250320,9774163,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,FL-45H,Choose-Your-Own-Adventure kind of game. Very well written and worth the cost.
,Recommended,250320,9774367,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Rob,Yes
76561198060913334,Recommended,250320,9774670,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,KingKeisler,the best game of the year i will tell you BUY it will make you day and make you said at the same time
76561198027846300,Recommended,250320,9774690,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Captain_Ragtag,"This is a must buy if you're into point and click genre, excellent story with twist and turns you don't expect along the way. TellTale has done it once again. If you're fan of Sam & Max, The Walking Dead then look no further in a good quality game."
,Recommended,250320,9774733,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,DBF,"This game is hashtag totes amazeballs and even though the whole game isn't out it, it doesn't change my opinion on it."
,Recommended,250320,9774923,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,gooze,"Cannot.. Stop.. Playing...The characters are RICH with personality.The world is RICH with personality.(You can also read back stories for every character as you meet them.)Voice acting is TOP NOTCH.You get your money's worth, and if it's on sale BUY IT.In my opinion, this game is FAR superior than the TWD series.Visuals: 9/10Audio: 9.5/10Gameplay: 8.5/10Story: 9/10"
,Recommended,250320,9775027,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Zombiepup,"Honestly this game is one of the best I've seen from TT games. It not only has a story you can become apart of, it's a story we all know as kids except being retold in the ugly truth of reality and showing what these beautiful tales have to do in order to survive...It's a touching story with many... MANY ""Why did I do that?!"" or ""WHHAAATT?! NOOOO. WAIT YES ♥♥♥♥.""Though totally recommend a mouse for this ordeal and not be a stubborn♥♥♥♥♥like me ;w; But over all 10 outta 10!~"
76561198115650826,Recommended,250320,9775091,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,TSW_titan,"I absolutely fell in love with The Walking Dead. It was one of the most engaging, emotional, and just plain beautiful games I have ever played. They didn't have to sell me to hard to get TWAU. But boy, this game is fantastic. This and TWD both have the same style graphics, but TWAU looks so much better because of the bright lights, and neon signs, everything just looks so colorful. The story, so far, is so thought out, and to a T, that you can tell how much thought they put into it.I just finished Episode 3, and besides Episode 5 of the Walking Dead, that is the best episode of a TellTale game I have ever played. It is so good. I cannot recommend this game enough. I love everything about it, even making me go back, and play through it again. Fantastic game, must have, Since its on sale as of this moment!"
,Recommended,250320,9775684,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,LegendRS,"TELLTALE GAMES HAVE DONE IT AGAIN!Only way I can is explain is ""fairy tales meet The Walking Dead game episodes!""...Absolutely brilliant game series with a storyline full of types of suspense and cliffhangers!"
76561198014329245,Recommended,250320,9775838,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Princess Handjob,"Amazing game, highly reccommend it to everyone I know."
76561198003774608,Recommended,250320,9775846,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Mimura,"Amazing game, great art style, good story, and extremely engaging.  Found myself playing through the three available episodes very quickly after purchasing the season pass.  Highly recommended for those who love adventure games, and it's the same level of interactivity as Telltale's Walking Dead game making it an enjoyable experience to say the least!  Cannot wait until the next two episodes!"
76561197981380319,Recommended,250320,9609757,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,RavenXk,Epic story. Can't wait to the next episod
,Recommended,250320,9443629,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Niklas,"So far played the 2 first episodes that is released so far, game time is about 3 hour or so. But for so short gameplay it is a really great RPG, and ye says RPG so much roleplay in this game.If you played the Walking Dead Game by same developer (Telltales) this is the same style with all the bad parts removed, and a more engaing story and intresting plotwist aswell as great characters.If the other 3 episodes are as good and as long, it would be a gd buy in my opinion, no time wasted only gd gameplay through and through.But this could be a consern if you are a more mechanical driven gamer, this isn't worth the price by it on sale later on.And with the added perk of not have to wait for releases of the other episodes."
76561198020217602,Recommended,250320,9445614,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,jroyald,"Telltale does it again! Like The Walking Dead, this game is nothing short of brilliant and is a must play for everyone and anyone."
76561198129124396,Recommended,250320,9404792,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Fia,"I enjoyed it, though, this being my first time playing this type of game... I didn't realize I could walk some-what freely around the scenes.. I may have missed a few things in the process.Other than that? I really enjoyed it. I will try to figure out where episode 2 is and get started with that now."
76561198057619858,Recommended,250320,9633144,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,BrokenKhree,.
,Recommended,250320,8285274,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Grimbles,"Great story and characters, intriguing universe,Bit short for the price, graphical glitches in places, mouse controls not great"
,Recommended,250320,8286458,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Creepy Freak,I would reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys games that are story and choice driven.
76561198038255654,Recommended,250320,8286686,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Argo_FM,"Amazing game, story, and beautiful soundtrack!! Buy this game! Completely worth it. Also I would love to see a soundtrack released, I'd be on top of it!"
76561198071379220,Recommended,250320,8287031,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Racecarfaggot,"dope as hell, better then bottom ♥♥♥♥♥es"
,Recommended,250320,8213425,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The Water Situation,"Loved it. It's a lot more action packed than The Walking Dead, but it's the same general gameplay. It really makes you feel like a detective, trying to figure out whodunit. All in all, would recommend."
76561198037257840,Recommended,250320,8213517,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,M3XHiPY,OMG SOOOO GOOD
,Recommended,250320,8213571,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DontStealMyFish,"At the time of this review, only episode 1 of 5 are out. Seems to be a delay on the next part. Anyhow, having never read the comics or play their previous famous title, ""The Walking Dead"", I found this to be a thoroughly enjoyable experience. The themes, characters, and plot are all engaging. That being said, I think this would be a lot more enjoyable if you weren't forced to wait months between episodes. Have to give credit to Sips from the YogsCast. Without his video I would never have purchased this title."
,Recommended,250320,8214923,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sid,If you loved The Walking Dead video game from TellTale then chances are that you'll love this too.#Emotions
,Recommended,250320,8214961,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,tw1st3r,buy it awesome
,Recommended,250320,8215048,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,victrium,"This needs to be played, by you, right now."
,Recommended,250320,8215862,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,wormroom,"The setting is ideal for the format that the Walking Dead set up, without the zombie stuff. It's campy, but the game gives you space to have fun and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of fairy tale characters and that's really cool. Buy it."
,Recommended,250320,8215888,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,byte[],"The most action packed point and click adventure I've ever played. The storyline is perfectly paced, and I was surprised to find myself caring about the characters even just an hour in!"
76561198092065417,Recommended,250320,8216004,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SoS (Piney),"Only the played the first episode so far since that's all that's out now, but, holy moly, if you like adventure, mystery, and stories that have branching paths, this game is amazing.   It's art and story, with just a bit of QTEs, but they're not onerous like Heavy Rain for example."
76561198048740888,Recommended,250320,8216260,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Negative_Kelvyn,"Based off of the first episode I can already tell this si going to be an amazing game. I haven't touched The Walking Dead and didint know what to epect going into this. Really differen style of game. great if you enjoy story driven gameplay. I was pretty disappointed because I thought this game had come out a long time and ago all 5 episodes were out. Sadly, only 1 episode is out otherwise i owuld probably play throught the entire thing tonight if possible. EXTREMELY compelling story so far."
,Recommended,250320,8216515,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,El Loco Pepe,"Great game. Fantastic writing, good characterization. It just draws you in."
76561197996589436,Recommended,250320,8218743,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,RlyShadow,This game is amazing. It's been a while since I've bought a game that i actually enjoyed every second of it.
,Recommended,250320,8219342,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Casper,Amazing murder mystery adventure game. Love the unique fairy tale and modern setting mixed together. The people at telltale clearly met the expectations of the walking dead game fanbase and brought us to a new place it never could reach.
76561198004513976,Recommended,250320,7388402,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Deckard Bane,"The Wolf Among Us, the new game made by the folks over at TellTale. ♥♥♥♥in' a they are getting good at this thing.You've come a long way from Jurassic Park, y'know!This game is something special, man. The style is lovely, the colors are vibrant, the characters are enjoyable, the setting is unique, the story is intriguing, the dames are damey, and the wolves go howlin' oh-so-good.♥♥♥♥in' right, baby.I knew I'd love this."
,Recommended,250320,8338597,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BlitzkriegDragon,"Absolutely astonishing game, definitely worth the pickup and is in my opinion better than The Walking Dead game by far. -Cheers :D"
76561198068810920,Recommended,250320,8341231,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Shanoobly,"An amazing game even though the second episode isnt out yet.The game is narrated beautifuly and the world really has come to life, I feel the game puts a perfect blend on suspence and mystery which made me want to cintinue playing.The controls are well done and the game is smooth.I also love the art style!PICK THIS GAME UP."
,Recommended,250320,8344435,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,lavylavy,"I'm an avid fan of the Fables comic series, so this game was really enjoyable for me. It immerses you in the Fables universe, while providing a unique storyline that wasn't in the comics. As far as gameplay goes, it was really simple, but I think you buy this game for the story more than anything. If you don't like story-driven games, you probably shouldn't get this."
,Recommended,250320,8345037,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Longton,"Great game, nice graphics and good gameplay, would recommend if you liked the Walking Dead."
76561198024979605,Recommended,250320,8023517,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,S.C. Walcott,"Telltale has won me over with The Walking Dead and has done it again with this series.If a series makes you want to learn more about the source material behind it, its worth investing in.  It's about a bunch of Fables in a burrow in modern-day New York City, a series of unfortunate events unfold throughout the story turning it into a Noir/ Detective style adventure.  If you've watched the ABC series ""Once Upon A Time"" and you're a fan, then you might want to take a look at this.4/5 so far"
76561198055410095,Recommended,250320,8325467,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Bob Ross,this game is fantastic and just like the walking dead
,Recommended,250320,8326936,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,awillowweeping,I'm almost two hours in and so far this game is awesome to look at and and has me hooked. The replay value of this game alone is more than worth it.
,Recommended,250320,8326956,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Spetsnik,"Definitely buy this game it is beyond amazing, just the way the story is, as well as the gameplay elements."
,Recommended,250320,8328052,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,AllUpInThat,"If you like episodic stories driven forward by player choices and small quicktime action sequences similar to The Walking Dead series, then this is your jam. Pretty intersting premise and story overall, I'll be back for episode 2."
,Recommended,250320,9960803,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Gunung Kinabalu,"Yes I do recommend this kind of game, enjoyable and FUN!"
76561198068675381,Recommended,250320,9947519,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,WakelessComic,Awsome game you play the story of the big bad wolf and now hes a law enforcer for the fabletown government . enjoyed every bit.The game is chocked full of exiting twists and discoveries.Would recomend
76561198021844334,Recommended,250320,9999206,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,christiano.keller,"The game worth your time and money on it.I expected a werewolf pack, but it is just a Wolf among us. It is a smart story, full of twists, emotional and brutal.The pros:Rich images and pictures;Interesting and entangling story;Conflicting choices;The cons:It is not like a FPS with open environment;Short story or replay, only 1,5 or 2 hours per chapter;"
,Recommended,250320,10030523,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,"1,000xButts",Talking pig!
,Recommended,250320,10019776,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Antilli,"As far as point & click games go, this is one of the best. The story is great, and the game has quite a few choices which are basically impossible to decide what is best. It's very fun to see all those fairytales from when I was little, transformed into a modernesque urban setting. If you like stories, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,250320,7475805,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Mechanic teh Wise,Episode 1 - 9/10Wonder what will happen next
,Recommended,250320,8181968,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Vaelkyrie,"Great story, fun game, cliffhanger ending. I can't wait for the next part."
76561197999754874,Recommended,250320,10023827,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,goforth_and_die,this game is the bomb you gotta get it
76561197985312211,Recommended,250320,10029717,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,lcdarkangel,"Really good cell graphics combined with a great storyline makes this a must play for me.  Very similar to a ""choose your own adventure book"" with most of the choices only having an effect on your interaction with other characters and combat is super simple button pushing.Sandbox players will not like it due to the linear storylind and others may be put off by the aforementioned ""choose your own adventure"" style but the storyline makes it pop in the end."
76561198078121071,Recommended,250320,10040295,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,ToasterFrog,i like this
,Recommended,250320,10048645,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,coakz,Wow this just fantastic a lot darker than the Walking Dead but without all the depressing moments. VERY brutal great storytelling also being a prequel you will not need to be familiar with the comics to enjoy it. Also that OST is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant
76561198027753755,Recommended,250320,9786758,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,primetime_29,Another gem of storytelling from Telltale.  If you liked their walking dead series this will tie you over till the next update.
,Recommended,250320,11137272,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Kaffegutt,its good
,Recommended,250320,11137529,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Pattursan Bear,An amazing game!
,Recommended,250320,11137985,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,TheMightyUnknown,"Awesome, awesome AWESOME! Nuff said."
,Recommended,250320,11138160,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Evil Weasel,awesome GAME! if you like the walking dead season 1 it's 10x better! a must've for the year
76561197996709825,Recommended,250320,10764739,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,waaaaag,if they tried to sell me♥♥♥♥♥♥packed in a lung of a new born baby I buy a sequel to this game
,Recommended,250320,7438156,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Blue Devil,"SO GOOD, CANT WAIT FOR NEXT EPISODE.-And it's all over. What a masterpiece."
,Recommended,250320,11138257,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Yojimbo,Awesome. Just awesome.
76561198069016487,Recommended,250320,11138276,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,MaximumChew,"A MUST PLAYSince the full story is now out if you don't have game its worth it, since you won't have to wait on releases EXECPT SEASON 2 OF COURSE.CAN'T WAIT"
,Recommended,250320,11138298,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mr. Spatula,Telltale's true masterpiece. Better than anything else they've done. The writing is impeccable. Clever and rich in character.
,Recommended,250320,11138387,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,MrThomp,"This game was fun, smart, and engaging. I hated waiting for each episode to come out. And now, luckily, the whole season has been finished. I suggest that you drop what you are doing, pay full price, and play this story out in it's entirety on the weekend. 9/10."
,Recommended,250320,11138487,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,CrabbyCakes,Amazing.
76561198065450610,Recommended,250320,11138538,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Zoidberg,"If you haven't yet, purchase this game...all 5 episodes are out officially today. It's a wild ride. Man, Telltale really knows how to tell tales."
76561198078569079,Recommended,250320,11138541,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SlugtimusPrime,"Well written story with amazing characters that quickly immerse you in the plot.The Wolf Among us was an incredibly fun experience, the player interaction with the story is quite consistent and the quick time events makes the combat scenes more immersive.It also has decent replay value, numerous choices that affect the overall ending mean it's never going to be quite the same unless you remember every single choice.Overall I would definately recomend it."
,Recommended,250320,11138548,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,M11,"Noticebly shorter than the walking dead, and the rewrites after episode one are evident. Still it's a fun story and the action segments were more fun in this than the walking dead."
76561198039423689,Recommended,250320,11138606,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,midnightelve,This is a great game about a great graphical novel.The sound and graphics create an absolutely stunning atmosphere.
,Recommended,250320,11138621,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Captain Titforce,"Truly an amazing game from TellTale Games once again, The Plot is filled with mystery, violence, drama and plot twists. The characters themselves are well voice acted, especially the voices of Sheriff Bigby Wolf,  Snow White and Toad in my opinion.(Well done Adam Harrington, Erin Yvette and Chuck Kourouklis). The gameplay is divided into 2 parts, solid and simple point and clicking with a few minor puzzles, and amazing QTE (Quick Time Event) fighting scenes against various Fable characters, you truly start to care about these characters, and what happens to them. and the hardest part is: You are the one who will choose what happens to them, your choices affect the story, and how the game will come to an end. This game will also most likely get you interested in buying the comic books this game is based on (Fables, made by Bill Willingham) I've heard the comics are really good and I should get into reading them myself too. In the end, you might not get as much emotionally attached to the characters, like in ""The Walking Dead"" but the plot and the story is superb and the characters are all great and different with their own personalities.I will definetly recommend buying this game, especially if you liked the walking dead, If you see it on sale, and you're atleast a little interested. Buy it. 9/10"
76561198090895463,Recommended,250320,11138650,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,bgins319,OMG this may be one of the greatest games I have ever played and the final epesiod was intense depresing and myterious whit an ending as mind blowing as bioshock infinit.StoryThis is a prequel to the fabel comics befor they got weird and is excelint with grear perfomences from the entire cast and a thrilling and captivating story that is more esacible then the walking dead but not beter.GamplayThe gamplay is truly better then the walking dead with intes satifaction when in combat even though it is just QTEs and cliking it is entecly satifing to knock the woodsmen out a building or rip a guys arm of in an intens and brutal way that just maks it feel real and intens
76561198009186409,Recommended,250320,11138772,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[pseudo]Sool,Awesome Story ! Must buy! I hope for a 2nd season soon!!!
,Recommended,250320,11138808,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,PropellAhead,i recommend this game 101% the story you weave is amazingly put well together.
,Recommended,250320,9776500,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,pathetic,"Please, please buy this game. If you enjoyed The Walking Dead, you will love this game. It's absolutely fantastic, and does not dissapoint with twists at every turn."
76561198076350128,Recommended,250320,9776656,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,archangel100 aka Knowlo,Just Awesome i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198006802285,Recommended,250320,9776994,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Malicious Cat,"Great game.If you want a point and click movie with great writing, interesting characters, great plot twists and a mature setting this is the game.Just one gripe about this game that it is episodic so the entire game isnt out yet. Though I do like this while others won't, every action will be auto-saved so your choice is final, no restarts, no backing out and if you♥♥♥♥♥♥someone off you may get into a fight."
,Recommended,250320,9777022,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,thegreatkingdan,This is a review of this game.  I like this game.  Consider this game reviewed.
76561198025261881,Recommended,250320,9777507,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Battlebrother Pride,"For a fan of ""The Walking Dead"" and mythology and/or fairy tales, this game is incredibly well put together."
,Recommended,250320,9777952,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Invisible Retard,"You know ehn you're watching a series and you yell at the character ""WHY DID YOU DO THIS?! YOU WERE SUPPOSE TO CHASE THIS GUY NOT THAT GUY!"", well here's your chance! Don't miss out on the sale 40% that's crazy, plus you get more episodes later? That's something that'll allow you to change keyboard and pants once in a while. Who knows! You can start all over to make different choices and see what happens! This is sick entertainment!"
76561197971497690,Recommended,250320,9777960,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,fruss,"Like The Walking Dead, this is a great game (great story, nice comicbook visuals, subtle humor, ...)But as always Telltale seems to lack all regard for people with a non-quertyboard. You can not change any of the keys, so consequently : if you have a azertykeyboard, you will be FRUSTRATED. Struggling through action scenes is a horror of endless dying because of mistaken keytouching or searching to long for the right (wrongly placed) key.This is a shame, because without this BIG issue (how hard can it be to make the keys changable?) destroys the superb feeling of this game and renders it from excellent to mediocre..."
,Recommended,250320,9778257,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Dark Willow,"First I will just say that as a Fables fan I love this damn game, it is really a great adaptation from the comic. Beyond that I do believe that this is a great game for people who like adventure games, or who want to get more from a moral choice system, other than the age old ""you are either jesus or an utter psychopath"" system of a lot of other games, albeit this does creep in a bit with certain choices, it is always framed as an act that is justified, if harsh. If you want gameplay, there is not much here for you unfortunately, but it is a fantastically crafted story thus far. My only complaint is that the game is expensive for what you get, but It will become more and more worth it as more episodes are added."
,Recommended,250320,9778535,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,MrJoshuaGray,"This has everything I want in a story based adventure game. Incredible story, amazing voice acting, and a great soundtrack that reminds me of Drive. Must buy!"
76561198045600230,Recommended,250320,9778566,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,chaju7,Short and sweet: this game does a good job at keeping you in suspense no matter what decision you make. I enjoy the graphic works of Fable and this does a swell job complementing the subject matter while also holding its own as an original story.
,Recommended,250320,9779152,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Toes,"The Wolf Among Us has some of the best storytelling and art styles you've seen, compared to its cell-shaded counterparts. Combined with an amazing soundtrack and memorable characters, this game gets a solid 9 out of 10 from me."
76561198032686513,Recommended,250320,7449368,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Captain Only Wins By Heroclix,"♥♥♥♥ing buy this, you idiot."
,Recommended,250320,8501937,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nonon,"10/10 Would play again. The story is great, best 20 bucks I ever spent."
76561198092834050,Recommended,250320,9779532,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Ruwaished,"WOW tops the walking dead in every aspect, has one of the richest atmospheres I have ever seen in a game. can't wait for the rest of the episodes."
,Recommended,250320,9779623,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Computer Dan,Great Game so far!  I waited until Episode 3 was released... waiting impaitently for the next episode to be released!  Worth every penny!  Played all 3 episodes (played Episode 1 twice) in about 8 hours ... but there is a pretty good replay value - I plan on going back to replay episode 2 and 3 -- just to see what my different choices would have accomplished ...
76561198025855690,Recommended,250320,9779776,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Lord of the Lapdance,Creamed. My. Pants. 'Nuff Said.
76561198072825853,Recommended,250320,9780631,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Damian,This is good
76561197961835847,Recommended,250320,7982667,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,BunkmasterFlash,"Outstanding! It is a lot more nuanced and dark than Walking Dead plus more engaging dialogue between some pretty fantastic characters. Some pretty recognizable faces and lore but they manage to give them each a distinct personality. Definitely play it with a Xbox controller, makes the timed events smoother."
,Recommended,250320,7986426,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,StrangeDew,"Sometimes, when you get the options, you'll understand the result, but sometimes... Ehhh... You thought of the option in a different context, making you accidentally go down a different path from what you wanted. The graphic style of the game look like something out of the comic. Quite well-done. Comic book fanatics will LOVE the graphics. I know I do ^u^ The story is quite good and gives you some resources for theories on who the serial killer is RIGHT at the FIRST EPISODE. 6/10 for episode 1..."
76561198031541389,Recommended,250320,7986724,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,01001000 01001001,"I like the 80's vibe and think they could capitalize on licensing some music from the period.  Also hard-bitten chain-smoking whiskey guzzling detective has never been unpopular.Is this a buy?  Not if you don't like waiting for the whole series to be released.Also, very much like walking dead, but hopefully Telltale has been able to expand on the range of paths other than dialogue differences.  I would like to see multiple endings based on how well you investigated and/or treated people.It would be cool if the ending adapts to your playstyle, like if you behaved like an aggressive werewolf you become an raging beast and end the game that way, otherwise it'd be through non-violent solid detective work. Are you listening Telltale?"
,Recommended,250320,7432092,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,trikker,"Synopsis: Wolf dude smokes, drinks whiskey (BETTER BE DOUBLE), beats people up, tells people to ♥♥♥♥ off, shakes down frogs, adjusts his tie, scratches his 5 o'clock shadow (MULTIPLE SCRATCH SFX), completely ignores basic rules of crime scene investigation, and friend zones hotties. Also a bug collection is examined.RECOMMEND"
76561197973675187,Recommended,250320,10112341,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,kham,Awsome story in a great ambiance. Another great hit from Telltale
76561198039843058,Recommended,250320,10107369,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,arcadeos,"Awesome game, can't wait until Chapter 4."
76561198110968873,Recommended,250320,10257958,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jmanthehunter,i think the wolf among us is one of the bestgames i have ever played this game has changed my life if you guys like the walking dead thenyou will like this game because its 10 times better
76561198034128543,Recommended,250320,10257969,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,treoaender,It's like watching a tv show where your choices DO matter
76561198122650301,Recommended,250320,10258275,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Reimer345,Favorite Game
,Recommended,250320,10258748,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,JustHamm,"Fable was one of the comics i looked past when i used to frequent the comic shop.  I had a bad habbit of ignoring quality titles unless i got in on the ground floor with the first issue.  The Wolf Among Us showed me the fun i was missing.  I've anxiously awated every episode since playing the first one, and i've been grabbing up every Fables comic i can.On to the game.  I started with a blank slate on the first episode and was not disappointed.  I knew enough fairy tales from growing up that i wasnt lost when TTG rolled up with a dog-eared copy of Bullfinch under their arm to set the stage with.  TTG brought all the character and feeling of the best movies, comics, or television and put you at the helm of a great detective story.  Those of us that played through The Walking Dead knew they had the chops to deliver a quality experience, and they do not disappoint.  Some people migth gripe about QTEs, or point and click, or even limited choices, but i feel that this game is building on the shoulders of some great games from the past, and putting one hell of a cinematic spin on it for that extra dash of showmanship.Well played TTG.  Keep it coming."
,Recommended,250320,10259444,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Browniemixx,I'm gonna refrain from giving a full review until I play through all 5 episodes but for now I just wanna say that I like the concept for the tale and it seems to serve it well so far
,Recommended,250320,10259673,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheBigSmoke,[Smoke]Trust me. You'll know.
76561198031579243,Recommended,250320,10259937,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Daem,"What can I say that others haven't already?  This game is just great.  Seriously, great."
76561198093911712,Recommended,250320,10259990,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Solmyr,Absolutely stunning
,Recommended,250320,10260051,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Fleemer,"Great game, I enjoy it better then the walking dead."
76561198072113281,Recommended,250320,10260315,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,CapsLockRAGE,"A story game that will have you on the edge of your seat and constantly reguessing ""whodunnit"""
,Recommended,250320,10260574,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Tasty ◔ᴗ◔,GG
,Recommended,250320,10261829,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MrsBadExample,"I didn't realize it was possible to have a crush on an animated character into my late twenties, but now my Garrus smut has been replaced by Bigby smut. Thanks Telltale Games for making Bigby far more attractive here than he actually is in the comics, it's much appreciated."
,Recommended,250320,11140558,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,EllaEllaC,"I just finished playing through the last installment.  I'm still not sure how I feel about the way the story ended, but I can honestly say that this game is worth buying and playing if you haven't done so already.  If you are interested in the premise and think you might enjoy it, get off the fence already and just get this one.  It far exceeded my expectations.  I've never read the Fables comics, nor have I played any of The Walking Dead.  Even so, I found this to be a gripping story and a truly enjoyable gaming experience.  Most of the game consists of selecting dialogue in response to the words and actions of others.  There are some times where you will walk around on your own, interact with the environment, etc. but the primary driver of the game is the story and the dialogue choices you make.  It's almost like a create your own adventure meets graphic novel.There is a little combat, which I honestly could have done without, but it's very, very basic.  If I (the most casual of casual gamers) can do it, anyone can.  Those who have slow reaction times like me may find it hard to make quick decisions sometimes (e.g. responding quickly enough to avoid having your skull smashed in), but the game is forgiving and you do not have to start over from the beginning of the chapter if you die.  The controls are easy enough to manage as well.  I used an Xbox One controller most of the time and switched to the keyboard/mouse when I had trouble (my own problem with coordination--nothing to do with the game itself).  You don't even have to go into the settings or unplug the controller to switch back and forth.  The game manages this seamlessly, which I really, really appreciated.I don't really want to spoil anything about the game's plot, because many people have said that it's better to play it through completely blind.  I didn't.  I only found out about this game after watching a couple of people stream Episode 3 on Twitch and then I watched someone play part of Episode 4 as well.  I probably wouldn't have ever picked it up if I hadn't seen some of it first, but if you can avoid spoilers it is recommended.I'd give this one a 9.5/10.  Definitely one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198049145891,Recommended,250320,11140572,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,zomB,"TellTale did it again, brilliant!"
,Recommended,250320,11140624,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ebaynetflix,Choices have a lot more weight than The Walking Dead and the visual style is much more refined. Up and beyond the best work Telltell has put out. Less of a Who-Did-It than a Twin Peaks/True Detective bit of a supernatural overarching conspiracy.
76561198103767692,Recommended,250320,11140655,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gameofmetal,Telltale has outdone themselves. I really think this is better than the walking dead for sure. The story is so engrossing.
,Recommended,250320,11140669,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RojoGrande41788,Fantastic story telling coupled with the fast-paced action scenes and dialogue sequences makes this one of the best games I've experience in a long time.
76561197970952311,Recommended,250320,11140674,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,derv,"I'm not a comic book fan at all but the story was awesome.  Gripped me from start to finish.  Strong language, violence and some really tough choices to make throughout.  What's not to like.  Easily deserves the 85/100 meta score.  Buy this when it goes on sale, it lasts around 10 hours."
76561197994465149,Recommended,250320,7499827,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Blackie,"They did it again! Once again, I'm at the mercy of Telltale games, simply begging for the next chapter! I've played through the first chapter and I just want MORE.The story is interesting and the setting is so bizarre. It's like the game is telling us just what happened to all the fairy tale characters we know and love. I mean damn, you're playing as THE big bad wolf! Trying to solve a murder case! This is so unexpected and I LOVE IT.If you played The walking dead by Telltale games, then you know what you're in for. Point and click, quick time events, heavy decision making that decides what happens in the story and of course.. Waiting for the next chapter to come out >_>; That's my only problem so far.. Having to WAIT before I can continue... ;_;"
,Recommended,250320,11140707,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,VertigoInc,"Enjoyable characters, and nice story.If you've never read the Fables, this might get you interested in the series.For anyone already familiar with the Fables universe, this is a treat :)"
,Recommended,250320,11140724,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Matt,"Spoilers Ho!Once again, we see another masterpeice by TellTale Games. This episodic story driven game just keeps you on your seat until the end, and oh boy what an end it was. Never before have I played such a game that has given me chills, tears, and excitement all at once. This game has a beautiful art-style, mimicing the art style of comics, while the game's story was amazing, the art always made me want to explore and look around Fabletown and click on everything it gave me an option to. This game can change depending on your choices, so I always want to go back and experience different playthroughs. You play as Bigby B. Wolf, aka The Big Bad Wolf. You can choose to show Fabletown that you're a different person, or you can show that you're still the ruthless killing machine like in the old days. Some may complain about cliffhangers, but thats what always draws me back to play the next episode as soon as it came out. There is little I disliked about this game, but I am still able to nitpick at least one thing that prevents me from giving this game higher than a higher score. The one thing I disliked was that some scenes felt like they were directing you to a certain option.[Spoilers start here] For instance when you're in the Crooked Man's home, the game really felt like it was directing you to be more violent than diplomatic. [Spoilers end here] Other than that, the game deserves a very high score of 9.5/10. I highly recommend this game to The Walking Dead Game fans or fans of the comics that the game is based off of."
,Recommended,250320,11140839,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Raii,"One of the best games I have played in a while. The story just keeps on pulling you in and doesn't let go ever. The choice of simple graphics is perfect. Choices you make in game really affect the whole game untill the very end. Unfortunately the game is a bit short for my taste, however it is seperated into episodes which makes the immersion even greater. Great game overall 10/10 would bang."
76561198000601277,Recommended,250320,11140869,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Aggramor,Şahane..
76561197984037735,Recommended,250320,11140986,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mai Fei 麦飞,"Wolf Among Us:This is an amazing story and a good way if you want to read the comics. It all takes place in Fabletown, a small community in the middle of I think it is Manhattan. I won´t spoil the game, but something dreadful has happened and it is up to Snow White and Bigby Wolf to solve it and return Fabletown to a stable place.I cannot express just how good this game is, and seeing as it is a Telltale game, who also made The Walking Dead, I shouldn´t have to."
,Recommended,250320,11141043,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Qahva,"Had it not been released in 2013 then this had easily been the Game of the Year for me. If you're into immersive stories with lots of choices/interesting plot twists and characters then this is the game for you. The only ""bad thing"" that bothered me slightly was that I purchased this during the summer sale and had to wait a few weeks for the last chapter but that's nothing. I really, really hope there will be a season two."
76561198030554225,Recommended,250320,11141060,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ArgentumEmperio,"""The Wolf Among Us"" is an incredible piece of work in many aspects that Telltale are the masters of, and with each episode making you feel like there's alot of interesting choices and good cliffhangers (not those that cut off in the middle of a speech but those that make it feel like a completed 'episode' as opposed to game) and when playing the game back-to-back - that feeling remains.There's a few things about the game that I personally never enjoyed such as the mouse staying at the exact same place in the environment as opposed to on the same place on the screen which makes it a bit fiddely; altho' with that said, it was a minor thing that never affected my performance or hindered me in some aspect so it was annyoing yes but ultimately made no difference. Also, the ending of the last chapter made the game feel a bit underwhelming - I'm one of those that think that each and every game has to be able to stand on its own without hindering the future for a sequal or other forms of media for that universe and... here, it feelt too much ""You've now played the game, go read the graphic novels"" and admitedly because of the game I think I will do that it still made it feel ""uncomplete"".But other than that the game had some really interesting choices, amazing dialoge, great sound and art assets and is as a whole yet another amazing episodic game by Telltale!"
76561198008991328,Recommended,250320,11141110,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bookoowookoo,"Started reading the comics because of the game, amazing storyline."
76561198017958477,Recommended,250320,9766759,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,xVotum,"*Updated 7/8*If you have any interest in a compelling story where you have an impact, this is for you. After finishing the entire season, 10/10(Original)The Wolf Among Us may possibly be the best player-driven game to date. I'll skip the intro, as many have already wrote it for me. The game is dark, mature, and gritty. These aren't your grandmother's fables, and they are just as alive as you. Every move you take, every choice you make, they remember. And not making a decision is still a decision. This could, literally, spawn a tv-show. 11/10"
76561198079485912,Recommended,250320,11141413,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bismark,"Amazing, just amazing"
,Recommended,250320,11141514,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,queen_rackel,Interesting game and style of play. Play with the lights out and headphones on. A+
76561198055843920,Recommended,250320,11141534,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Half_aStar,"Highly recommend this game! Not your typical point and click game, far more action. For the most part you do feel like your decisions make a difference, allows for replayablity (to see what decisions change the game). If that's not enough to encourage you to buy it then the story will. I was hooked on it and couldn't wait for each new episode."
,Recommended,250320,11141586,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,OmicronEXE,Fantastic storytelling and graphics. I highly recommend it.
76561198079360483,Recommended,250320,7886850,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,marco2400,A really good game so far
76561198086317221,Recommended,250320,9935296,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,THE GaGa man,"Wow this game is great the story is captivating the characters are awesome and all of them are unique, the gameplay while very simple still feels like Im playing a game and that I affect the surroundings. For any fan of heavy rain and the walking dead games or anyone who wants a great story buy this game 9/10"
76561198098692339,Recommended,250320,9936781,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Skyline,i like the story in the game
76561198040331788,Recommended,250320,10272070,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CrandonBhu,Bigby Wolf is a bad man. 10/10
,Recommended,250320,10274165,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sicarii,A true masterpiece.
,Recommended,250320,10277562,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Brad's Pitts,This is probably the most perfect Telltale game for me. I love every aspect of it so much.
,Recommended,250320,8137969,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ravish,"The Wolf Among Us is a fantastic, well written game with a raunchy, but also very funny, script. Interesting story with a lot of mindgames, cliffhangers at the end of each episode, great voice-acting and fantastic screenplay. Even though you haven't tried any of Tell Tale Games' games, it's very easy to figure out how to play it. It's also got this nice gloomy soundtrack, which gives it an edge in both the menu and the story. Very well made! If you haven't bought it, do it! It's worth all the money!"
,Recommended,250320,10278140,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,OBJECTION,"Have you ever played a mystery game when you were young? Like, say, I SPY on pc? When you played that game, did you think, ""WOW! This game is so great with its compelling story, visuals, characters, and action scenes!""? I didn't think so. Welcome to The Wolf Among us, a game based on the comic, ""Fables"". The story is that every fable has to move to New York in a town called, ""Fabletown,"" and get all the fables get these things called, ""glamours"" to protect their identity. You play as Bigby, (Big bad wolf) and try to keep things in order. Little do you know, that you're about to embark on a serious case, that involves almost everyone you know. I give this game a 4.9 out of 5.0. (Also, be sure to listen to that music.)"
,Recommended,250320,9462341,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Discordy,"2 episodes in, and so far so good.Violent, graphic, mature. True to the comics. Immersive mechanics.The graphics are nice, but the animations are a bit clunky, especially the faces.Will the story hold up? 3 more chapters to find out."
76561198010707390,Recommended,250320,9464207,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,SanShiney,I really love this game!So Nice!
76561197999899675,Recommended,250320,9775715,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Kalianos,"It follows the Fables stories pretty well in my opinion.  That and I think this was briefly mentioned in one of the comics.  The interactions are great with different paths.Though sometimes I wonder, Should I play how I feel, or play how Bigby would feel knowing what he is like from reading the stories.Also, ♥♥♥♥ing ichabod and ♥♥♥♥ing bluebeard.  >:("
,Recommended,250320,9781020,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Ninmir,"Wow, this game is really fun and the replayabilty is there. I highly recommend.I read somewhere that the choices in chapter 2 don't mean much, especially when questioning two important people, and to an extent I agree. Whether you choose the passive or agressive approach, you still get the exact same information out of both with little to no repercussions, which is a little lame. Buuuuuut, it also means you can play Bigby as a wolf completely at the mercy of his baser instincts, or as a man trying to repent and change from past mistakes while getting the same results. You get to choose which is more gratifying.7/10 can't wait for episode 4!"
,Recommended,250320,9781629,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Syphus,"Not often I say this, but this must not end!"
76561198028392518,Recommended,250320,9782451,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,otakonbr,"This game made me read the comics, now, I don't know witch I like more! If you liked The Walking Dead due it's playstyle and decision making, you can't miss this game. It is that good. And read the comics, because they are AWESOME."
76561198029989727,Recommended,250320,9782506,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,ghost123238,"Worth every penny, story is great, the game is all around good just wish they didn't have the episodic format, I just want beat the game.... But I am very happy with this purchase."
,Recommended,250320,9782729,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Auron D. Volgar,"One of the best (if not the best) abventures i had played!I have just end the first episode, which is greate!!!!!nice story, and plote, and i like the fact which i interact with the story progress!!The only bad thing is that, it only has 5 episodes :("
,Recommended,250320,9782979,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,ChickenChomp,"It's like Walking Dead, but you turn into a werewolf. 10/10"
76561198036248583,Recommended,250320,9783680,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Twan Dollaz,"Amazing game, probably my favorite telltale series so far. Atmosphere, story, soundtrack, everything A+. If you're a fan of choose your path adventure series and haven't played this yet, you need to asap."
,Recommended,250320,9784217,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,v2,RIP HIS ARMS OFF.... SIKE dont do 20/10 would play over and over again.
,Recommended,250320,9784453,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Weazalbee,Great game. Similar to The Walking Dead with a truer comic feel. Especially great for fans of the Fables series.
76561198132289071,Recommended,250320,9767609,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,kane1929,Definitely the best game I've played for quite some time. Fantastic story and decisions that actually make a real difference to how it unfolds. It will huff and puff and blow you away... yes... I said it *hangs head in shame*.
76561197983960984,Recommended,250320,9767670,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Sardan,I like this game plays like the other teltale games The Walking Dead and The Walking Dead season 2 your choices affect how it truns out. I enjoy it very much
76561198046932443,Recommended,250320,9767975,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,pvs,all i have to say about the end of ep 3 X GONA GIVE TO YA
,Recommended,250320,9768079,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,GreatCat,Why does Telltale always nail it on the third installment? The world may never know.
,Recommended,250320,7454019,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,KRULLtheGREAT,Kudos to whoever casted the voice actors for this! Bigby Wolf is just like I imagined him from the comics. Can't wait for the next episode!!!!
,Recommended,250320,9080936,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Skalpaddan,Kör det nu!!!
76561198091454785,Recommended,250320,9089583,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Larack,"So far I have played Chapter One and Two. I can say that this game is good. I wish there was more interactive moments, though what this game has to offer in itself is not bad either. I like the twists of the last chapter especially. Too those who haven't played this game yet, I recommend it."
76561197988929718,Recommended,250320,9090313,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Airhead,another awsome game from teltale if u like the walking dead by the same ppl ur gona love this
,Recommended,250320,9094148,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,skeltal kween,"Excellent art style, brilliant dialogue and captivating characters transformed into real-world, human beings that will poke and prod in the deepest corridors of your heart and soul.No, I'm not exaggerating."
,Recommended,250320,9095784,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Locerane,OMJESUS
76561198004927238,Recommended,250320,7901865,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,YOM,"Great characters, great universe, great story. Can't wait for chapter 2."
76561197995954327,Recommended,250320,9081986,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Shotalot,cracking game
,Recommended,250320,9082615,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Tul_,"Worth every single penny. The only thing I hate about this game is its delayed release dates. Would be neat to have it all at once, but then again the suspense would be gone."
,Recommended,250320,9082849,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,JohnsenKI,"The god damn wolf among us!Jesus this is one hell of a way of telling a story. I literraly chould not throw money fast enough at this game..Like, if you havent played this then you probobly should. Like now, fast as all hell."
76561197989685436,Recommended,250320,9083649,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lathasaurus,"Based off the comic book Fables, The Wolf Among Us is a great buy. The game has a very interesting story with crazy plot twists and lots of good old point and click investigation. Plot, cut scenes, and dialouge are based off the player's decision. I thought that the cel shaded graphics were decent, but hey its a Telltale game. The action sequences was a bit of just button mashing, but the actual scenes were really intense. Voice acting was spot on due to feauturing some voice actors from other Telltale games like The Walking Dead. The series is currently on episode 2. Get it now!"
,Recommended,250320,7375542,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Svartalve,"I've read the graphic novels and was hopeful that the Fables universe would be faithfully represented in the game. Now that I've finished the first episode, I have to say I can't wait for the next installment. Recommended."
76561198014236396,Recommended,250320,9086062,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,DovahBear,Så jävla bra :D
,Recommended,250320,9087209,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Soviet Ginger,"Only two espisodes in and it is really great. Story is incredibly immersive and amazingly atmospheric. Can't wait to play more. And, although i loved it, I think it is much better than the walking dead (bering in mind i brought Season 2 because i enjoyed it so much)."
76561198055714325,Recommended,250320,9087510,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,kunai_kirika,Its a murder mystery with all your favorite fairy tale caracters!!
76561198124042287,Recommended,250320,9097216,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Knight Captain Otaku,This....is totally worth it. x3 I was iffy but alot of people thought it was good and i loved the walking dead game and its a really good game. Buy it!
,Recommended,250320,9099155,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,andreiano,da♥♥♥♥♥♥._.
,Recommended,250320,9099160,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,HotPinks: AnSgAr,If you are a fan of the comics Fable this is a must play.The story is amazing.
76561198038389661,Recommended,250320,9099499,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,choppy the panda,"as usual Telltale, pure awesomeness"
,Recommended,250320,9099767,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Madder Hatter,"One of the best games out there right now, which is kind of sad."
76561197982401723,Recommended,250320,9104711,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,[LSD]Druken,The best game i played this year Cant wait for part 3
,Recommended,250320,9492581,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Roreh,"Downloaded the demo on the PS3, and got pulled into it within minutes of starting. This is what a decision-making game should be! The perfect model for a good cop/bad cop game... except in this case Bigby Wolf. (Get it, Big B. Wolf?) This is such a well written story driven game, that I'm looking to purchase previous Telltale titles and probably invest into the Fables comic books.Each Chapter (the first two are released at the time of me writing this) has a fantastic twist ending, and I played through the first two episodes in one sitting JUST to see what would happen next. It's been a long time since I skipped eating to finish one more ""stage"". One of my biggest complaints about games is they're not long enough. This one, however, is plenty long as it is for the $24.99 price tag. And there's still three more episodes to go! Seriously give this game a shot. It re-opened the fairy tale world for me at the age of 26."
,Recommended,250320,9514540,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,It Was A Gaveyard Smash,"Quite possibly one of the most riveting, suspenseful, and overall enjoyable games I've played to date. I would actually kill someone for the rest of the episodes to be released right now."
76561198103241964,Recommended,250320,9536535,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Barnacle Man,Cool story and tough choices
,Recommended,250320,9558829,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,SipSip de la Cuckerino,If you love thrilling stories and noire.... AHH! just buy it already!! it's awesome!
,Recommended,250320,9717582,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,slutflower,I honestly love this game so awesome!
,Recommended,250320,7364623,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,liminal18,"Was not part of The Walking Dead fandom so missed Telltale's last game, but The Wolf Among Us is gripping and in terms a well written and quite fun adventure. It also ends with a bang if you know the comics. A very pleasant surprise for me this morning, I will be playing the series to the end."
,Recommended,250320,7405898,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Eggs,"I don't know if you can call this a game in the usual sense, I mean yeah it has point and click core elements but they seem so unimportant in the entirety of the experience. It's like a pick and choose adventure where you get to influence the main characters personality actions and reactions.I love it, it keeps me engaged and I really care about the decisions I make whether they have actual affects on the narrative are are just an illusion of choice.No complaints about the length or the episodic release format of distribution."
76561198020123404,Recommended,250320,9441419,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Cyborg Chris,"If you like The walking dead from telltale, youll love this one too!"
76561198087207177,Recommended,250320,7383140,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,wew,this game is awesome
76561197997891805,Recommended,250320,7395150,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,LeProtector,"Great story, great characters, great adventure."
,Recommended,250320,9585943,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,uri.shtand,A great game. It's a totally different game experience than any game I played.
,Recommended,250320,9587932,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,NO clue,fab
76561198022611941,Recommended,250320,9588748,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Caramelle,"In a gritty modern New York City, the magical creatures from fables have made a home and live peacefully aside humans. That is, until a gruesome murder puts everyone on edge. You play as the sheriff of Fable Town, Bigby Wolf (The Big Bad Wolf), and it's your job to find the culprit and keep the peace.I love this game.  It's storytelling at it's very best right now.  I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys role playing in a hard, realistic setting."
,Recommended,250320,9590063,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mommaspank,great game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250320,9578445,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,riverbed,Absolutely please ♥♥♥♥ing play this game. Please. Do it please.
,Recommended,250320,9413195,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,mohobe12,great
,Recommended,250320,9414717,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MagnaKay,"If you like point'n'click games, if you like adventure games, if you like comics, if you like Noir fiction, if you like modern and surprising takes on age-old tales, if you like stories with unexpected changes of tone and rhythm, if you liked The Walking Dead (the game), if you like solid storytelling and compelling characters, well, this one is a no-brainer: GET IT."
,Recommended,250320,9606067,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Koentje,"Amazing gripping story that puts you on the edge of your seat with every scene, it's a well thought out story in a crazy universe. Every character is done so well you actually care about every single one of them.The Walking Dead was a good story but The Wolf Among Us tops it easily. If I would recommend one of them, it would be The Wolf Among Us without a doubt."
,Recommended,250320,11138811,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jake,Another Telltale Games masterpiece. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,250320,11138849,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sean,The best 'game' i have played all year
76561198005101636,Recommended,250320,11138867,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Daemon138,"This is the best, most thrilling, and immersive game of it's style I have ever played.  I constantly find myself questioning the decisions I totally thought were to get the best of endings/results and questioning if the game even really has one.  I think it likely doesn't.... only the finale will tell.  This game is a must have if you like detective/suspense/thriller games"
,Recommended,250320,11138900,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RPGNutt,"Fantastic game, beautiful story telling, engaging, amazing characters and one hell of a fine ending... bring on Season 2!"
,Recommended,250320,11138902,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,some loser,The Wolf Among Us Telltales release about the same time the Walking Dead Season 2 realeased. Probably now my 2nd favourite Game of all time Behind bioshock Infinite. Kept with telltales style of a choice based game with Really good graphics and Five gripping Edge of your'e seat episodes that will leave you hooked on The Wolf Among Us. The choices affect the story as usually is the case with telltale Products. Im not gonna spoil anything as its best to try this game for yourself and adapt to your own choice of play. Bigby Wolf is the sherrif of Fabletown a Community of fairy tale creatures but not as you would usually see them. This game is set in New York City and has you as bigby wolf track down who killed these girls. Would Recommend 5/5 Amazing Game. Story was excellent and super stoked they've left open the opportunity for a sequel!!!<3 Thank you Telltale keep up the good work!!!!!!
,Recommended,250320,11138946,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Humor4Fun,"This game plays like a ""create your own adventure"" book from the 80s and 90s. You can make decisions all over the place, but not too many of them actually affect the story, some do. Even though you may be turned off by the lack of effect you can have on the story, it is a very worthwile story to watch and participate in. It almost feels like if LA Noire had no ""open world"" gameplay."
,Recommended,250320,9035032,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Jan,"Overall good sound-track (I love the menu theme), good voice-acting as always, strong dialogues and that are often humorous; better free roam scenes than in The Walking Dead with smoother mouse control and better camera angles; consistent and believable characters, one of which you can shape yourself; better graphics than in The Walking Dead. Also, the world of The Wolf Among Us is way better than The Walking Dead. It's incredibly original and fun to explore. Another main difference between The Walking Dead are the kind of choices you have to make. In The Walking Dead, you choose with the purpose to maximize you chances of survival, whereas in The Wolf Among Us, you do not choose to survive but to unveil the truth as fast as possible. The Walking Dead is more of a survival horror game, whereas The Wolf Among Us is a whodunit.Episode One: Faith8/10Episode Two: Smoke and MirrorsThe second episode primarily focusses on the story, there's only one combat scene and two nice plottwists. I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of scenes in this episode: you being interrogated, you interrogating/torturing, a post-mortem body examination, visiting a brothel, visiting a murder site, etc. The play time is around 2 hours, and could be longer although 10 hours (approx. 5*2) for 20 euros is actually a good deal. Still, the episodic releases do slow the game down and I think you should play all episodes after one another to really feel like you get a 10 hour game.8/10Episode Three: A Crooked MileStarts off with a blast. Does a good job at keeping introducing characters steadily. Good nuancing of the characters of Bigby and Snow. A rather short episode, slow-paced and focusses on deepening the mystery instead of giving answers or fights. The now habitual fight at the end is not really convincing, but you are presented with one really hard choice. However, when replaying the episode I couldn't help but notice that you have hardly any impact at all on the story, and decisions made in previous episodes are also insignificant for the present. What also struck me was the queer randomness of pop-ups like ""... will remember that."" Throwing some dialogue options that merely affects a handful of spoken lines but nothing significant, and adding a pop-up here and there do a good job at creating the feeling the player makes a significant difference, but most of that is sadly an illusion.7/10Episode Four: In Sheep's Clothing8/10Episode Five: Cry WolfOverall, this episode doesn't look very polished. The beginning fight is somewhat choppy and doesn't play very fluent and the background music is also almost non-existant. The acting and voice-acting is also not very convincing especially moments of stress. Bigby's wolf form is not very detailed and the fight with Bloody Mary should be the climax of the episode but isn't really.At the end of episode four, you had the feeling you didn't know anything, but that doesn't get much better. Although some infractions of the Crooked Man are revealed, you can't really fathom fully what he's about. Bloody Mary also, elaborating on her personality? Nope.Good to see that the Crooked Man's has some charisma however which makes for an interesting ending scene, and cool that he confronts you with some of your choices, but in the end, it doesn't matter, like most (if not all) choices you make in this game actually.7/10All in all a (much) better, more interesting and more original series than The Walking Dead and well worth the price."
76561198073338991,Recommended,250320,11139083,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Suicidalhotdog98,"One of the best games I've played; the fact that each choice you make is done so in a very detailed way makes for a great story line, but I do recommend checking out the TellTale Games forums after the very last scene in chapter 5.... the interactio between Bigby and a certain other character is very ambiguous, but thankfully leaves the season open to a second series. Play this game!"
76561198069437174,Recommended,250320,11139099,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Salty Manturtle,"Great Game, It kept me intrested from the very start, they're alot of surprising plot twist and the twist where not easily predicted! I have no complaints about the game, it did its job and kept me entertained from the very beginning to the very end! Highly recommended, specially those who have played and enjoyed ""The Walking Dead""."
76561198025809730,Recommended,250320,11139120,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,solomonoftm,"Get it. Don't stop, don't think, don't pass go, don't collect $200.If you like a game with a great story, in a universe that feels grounded, this is for you.My only complaint is that I spent probably 10 hours on this game and it still left me practically begging for me.If you've never tried any of the TellTale story games (like their ""The Walking Dead"" series) this is an excellent one to grab to try it out. Worth every penny10/10 would wolf again"
,Recommended,250320,11139122,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,† Moonman †,Oh my god this game is so good the ending is one of the best ive seen in a long time
76561198047767615,Recommended,250320,11139223,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Spagett,"9/10 very nice, would DL again"
76561198026175397,Recommended,250320,11139240,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,konrad_dragon,I was late to pick this gem up. Loved it all the way. Great detective story in the style of Talltale games. And at the same time quite different from The Walking Dead games. I give it my honest recomendation.
76561198009425315,Recommended,250320,11139275,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Doctor Malachi,"This game reminded me of old ""World of Darkness"" paper RPG theme. Supernatural creatures bound by ""the masquarade"" and internal law, trying to fit in modern society. The world is very original and yet player doesn't feel lost or detached due to well known characters from famous fables. Even though this game is ""complete"" with satisfactory ending, I am hoping for sequel."
76561198014608430,Recommended,250320,11139319,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,jphillips2396,so much win
,Recommended,250320,11139348,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Reblee,A great mystery story that keeps you interested the entire time.
76561198101502899,Recommended,250320,11139382,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,khamikazewarlord,I'll give this a 10/10.
76561198075569913,Recommended,250320,11139415,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bobbylight,"Don't even think about it, just buy it. One of the best games i've ever played!!"
,Recommended,250320,11139439,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Fam545,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of fable stories, and even Disney movies. This game may be one of the greatest games I have ever played. You absolutely NEED to play this game."
,Recommended,250320,11139477,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Komirowsky,"This is one of the best adventure / point 'n' click games and probably absolutely best of detective-mystery. It's first game that i really feel that my decisions create the whole story. Additional plus is that you got multiple of choose what to do next. Only disadvantage was duration of game (as usual with actual games). Eight hours it's too short, you want much much more. Story is fully explored in satisfactional way. Every minute of play is equally fun and amazing. You NEED to play that game, it's really worth every seconds and every penny."
,Recommended,250320,11139502,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,WWEdeadman,"After playing the entire season, start to finish, now, I can only say this was an amazing game. I personaly like it even more than The Walking Dead game(s) telltale did. I sure hope they'll do another season of it."
76561198028843931,Recommended,250320,11139533,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Chris DeBug (Alou),Bigby came and ate ma baby!!!12/10
,Recommended,250320,11139544,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Wildfire 悪魔,"4.5 / 5 To me.Personally i think this is a good game as it is, an interactive novel. The best part about it, in my opinion, is that you can't get what the actual f*ck have happened in there!"
76561198069057021,Recommended,250320,11139550,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,nyteshade74,great story and realy poses moral dilema's to the player. I would highly recomend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,250320,11139591,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Koltas,Amazing episodic game.
,Recommended,250320,11139601,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mr Scratch,"Even better than The Walking Dead, which was pretty cool."
,Recommended,250320,9808790,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,dugalu,If you like the Walking Dead games Telltale makes then you will really love this.
,Recommended,250320,9808922,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Devkalion,wowxrkl
76561198044728006,Recommended,250320,9809473,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Skelunkafunk,The Wolf Among Us is from the same game company that bought you the Award Winning The Walking Daed by Telltail.The Wolf Among Us is baised off the series of Graphic Novles called Fables. The Game is alot simular in terms of gameplay to the Walking Dead. You play Bigby Wolf or sometime known as The Big Bad Wolf he is the sherif of Fabletown.The main objective is to solve a murder of a Fabe and its up to Bigby and his partner Snow White to stop the man behind all this.I would recemend this game for people who loved The Walking Dead and of course people who are fans of Telltailes Games.I would give this game a 9/10
76561198028588403,Recommended,250320,9809595,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,a.savchovsky,"Technically speaking, The Wolf Among Us is not a game. ""Interactive comic"" would probably be more appropriate. The gameplay is reduced to an almost non-existent level, both in the point-and-click investigation and the quick-time-event action scenes. And that's completely irrelevant. Actually, I think more of it would only dilute the experience. It's all about the story, the dark fantasy setting and the lively, familiar characters seen in a totally unfamiliar perspective. It's brilliant. And it's more involving than almost every other video game I've ever played."
76561197965255252,Recommended,250320,9787078,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,DeathByFugu,"With 'The Walking Dead' it became clear that Telltale finally came into their stride and found a way to make Adventure games more appealing to a wider audience. 'The Wolf Among Us' is currenltly their best example of the medium. The format is nearly identical to TWD, but between the stirkingly beautiful visuals and strong voice acting work throughout, TWAU keeps you interested and on your toes the entire way through. Bigby is a complex and conflicted character, more than Lee (lead from TWD Season 1) ever felt to me. His interactions with the web of characters invloved in the mystery is never entirely predictable because Bigby seems to be so dynamic - each event that the player makes a choice during does seem to change him ever so slightly. We're currently waiting on Episode 4's release date to be announced and I'm eagerly awaiting it, Episode 5 and a ""Season Two."" I very much recommend giving The Wolf Among Us a try. It's currently on sale for $14.99 and I feel this is a VERY good price for this product."
,Recommended,250320,9787094,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,NerdyBrit,"So far, so good.I look forward to each episode and when one lands i make sure to clear some hours to play through them in one hit.Never played Walking Dead as i'm bored to tears of zombies, so i didnt know what to expect, but if this is anything to go by then i'm looking forward to Tales from the Borerlands and they can straight up take my money for the Game of Thrones game they are doing!"
76561198060417190,Recommended,250320,9789686,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Schorsch_G,"atmospheric game, great style, perfect sound and a bit of violence"
,Recommended,250320,9790184,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,WhoHu,One of the best games ever by telltale beside The Walking Dead series!Totally worth it although I got for only 13 bucks ^^
,Recommended,250320,9790325,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Mini Hiyuni,I would recommed this game for those that like a good story and the action of it. But it not kids game that i say it more mature game but if can handle bit blood and violance so play it :3 i love the game.
76561197999157041,Recommended,250320,7383043,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,[EDU] Pagetohs,As great if not better than the Walking Dead series of games.A dark view on the tales we grew up with and an ever darker tale.Cannot wait for the following episodes.
,Recommended,250320,7733694,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,RBigFoot,"Great game - interesting story, now after Chapter 3 it just keeps getting better and betterCan't recommend this game enough!"
76561198128089960,Recommended,250320,9790974,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,JacksSpleen,This is surprisingly awesome. I thought I would be turned off to a game that lacks traditional gameplay but the story and take on traditional fairytales just knocks it out of the park. My only issues are that from time to time some of the controls get a bit dodgy and sometimes there just isn't enough time to cycle through the selections and think out the possible implications before your time runs out. Great game though.
76561198047662426,Recommended,250320,9791574,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,lukeyguy,"Great game, fun story. Faithful adaptation of the ""Fables"" comic book."
76561198022218731,Recommended,250320,9792645,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Alvin's Hot Juicebox,"Its always been my dream to smack around Disney characters. Since everytime I go to hit one of them in real life I break a TV this game is the next best thing.If all you want from a video game is to smoke, beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of fairy tale characters, and eye ♥♥♥♥ Snow White than this is the game for you.8/10"
76561197983259231,Recommended,250320,9810569,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,UnheardStingray,I enjoyed the game greatly think of a choose your own adventure movie
,Recommended,250320,9811605,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,GlitchByte,"Interesting style of game play, and you can beat the hell out of things as a werewolf.  Characters are interesting and sometimes even adorable (Toad Junior).  And...you can beat the hell out of things as a werewolf....  Worth it.  Totally."
,Recommended,250320,9812174,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,emilyyy,"While I have only read the first two story arcs of the original Fables comics, I have to say the game does an amazing job bringing these unique characters to life. The dialogue, the expressions, the humor, and the setting all make for a rich and enjoyable game (I mean, noir fairy tales, who wouldn't love that?!) Although I wish there were more events with trigger commands, overall I love the game play and cannot wait for the next chapter. I hope TellTale games continue to explore this world."
,Recommended,250320,9812822,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,french hamilton,"love this game so much already!!! i recommend it if you're a big fan of the fables series, or just like fairy tales in general!!! i also recommend it if you've played the developer's other game - the walking dead - and loved the gameplay style! exact same gameplay style (for the most part). decisions were always super tough, so i'm definitely going to replay this again and choose much different ones!"
76561198042993691,Recommended,250320,9813030,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Winter is Going,"If you like a good story, funny dialouge, and just a good time- Stay away from A Wolf Amongst Us, it's mine game, and I don't want to share it. 10/10"
76561198023561821,Recommended,250320,9813664,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Leviathan,Such an amazing game and very heavily story based and almost movie interactive highly reccommended
,Recommended,250320,11013865,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,King_Anesti,"***5 STARS*** Man, seriously this game is phenomenal. I mean in the first five minutes it gripped me like few games have before. I haven't fallen in love with a game as much as this one. The WRITING, CHARACTERS and STORY is just deliciously dark and gritty and touching and emotional, better than 90% of main-stream movies out today. You really sincerely care for these characters, their struggles, their lives and personality flaws, their world, their fears, and their hopes in each other and relationships and bonds. The voice acting is OUTSTANDING, especially from Bigby and Snow. Their dynamic and chemistry as well is beautiful, I can't wait to see what happens in Episode 5: Cry Wolf! It's like Grand Theft Auto + Alice: Madness Returns + Drive + Chinatown. The art direction is simply stunning and the style and character drawings are phenomenal and beautiful to look at from every angle. The action and voilence, when it hits, it's intense. THIS is how you make a game original, engrossing, beautiful, and passionately driven by character and story. WELL DONE TELLTALE GAMES! Thank you for such an amazing eight hours of gameplay and looking forward to the upcoming finale!"
,Recommended,250320,11014115,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Rizendoekie,Gameplay is overrated. Storytime here I come.
,Recommended,250320,11014151,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ghoul21,"I absolutely adore this game, It's been so much fun and I love the story."
76561198028326753,Recommended,250320,11014893,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,BajaAlaskan,"I was first intrigued after Telltale released 'The Walking Dead', due to its art style and dynamic story telling. After this, I heard about Telltale releasing a game based off of Brian WIllingham's 'Fables"", which I've always been a fan of. Playing through the game kept me tense, intrigued, and guilt-ridden about the choices I made. The story always leaves you on a good cliffhanger, though the last episode felt a bit cliche. I spent eight dollars on it during the summer sale, and I would of honestly paid the whole $25 for the game. If you see it go on sale, please don't hesitate to buy it."
76561198089196789,Recommended,250320,11014969,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,SquizzyGizzy,"I'll have to admit I've never truely delved into the Fable world, except for the classic tales like Snow White & the 7 Dwarfs, Rapunzel, The 3 Little Pigs and Red Riding Hood I never explored any further into the wide world of Fables.Then I hear about this game and my first thought was that it was going to be on the lighter side, you know, something that will be aimed at the younger players because I mean come on, how could anyone make these tales appealig to the older audience. Boy was I wrong.TellTale has somehow managed to take the stories of our childhood and twist them in a way that leaves you on the edge of your seat and practically asking for more. I've played the last 4 episodes at least 5 times, picking different routes each just to see how the characters react and to see if I can change the various endings in anyway possible...both happy and sad.I'm not lying when I say I just can't wait till the 5th and final episode comes out."
76561197965029394,Recommended,250320,11015375,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Halfcore,"Amazing, amazing, amazing. Not for the twitch gamer, or the RTS/FPS hardcore. Very good story and amazing art. If you like file noir, this is probably going to appeal to you."
,Recommended,250320,11015825,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Acute Angle,I love it. What else is there to say? Damn.
76561198026009991,Recommended,250320,11016850,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The Wolf One,"What a fantastic game! I have to admit that I was rather surprised that I liked this one so much, the idea of a point and click adventure has always seemed rather boring to me, but not here. To be honest, there's not actually all that much pointing or clicking to be done here, the game is almost entirely focused on the story and thus, the dialog. This would be supremely easy to screw up, because it means that the game lives and dies by how much the player cares about the characters presented.The characters are easily the best part of the game, the fact that the protagonist is the Big Bad Wolf, and I actually care about him speaks volumes, especially since so much of the plot is advanced based on how he gets along, or doesn't with the various characters he encounters. Special praise goes to the Woodsman, who can be developed as a hated rival, or a could-have-been best friend. I must also praise Bloddy Mary, a villain who appears later on. Between her syrupy sweet voice and her penchant for evil, there is something I can't help but appreciate about her."
,Recommended,250320,11017114,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Geomike,"Excellent story, with real character development.  Great replayability due to the varied choices and their impact on how the story progresses."
76561198058922759,Recommended,250320,11018386,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Christn,"I really liked The Walking Dead and was hoping that The Wolf Among Us would be as good.Well, Telltale Games didn't disappoint me!Really great game!"
76561198075189863,Recommended,250320,11094630,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,InkredibleScott,The story is written so well and you want to continue after each Chapter.  Can't wait for chapter 5 to be out soon.  Great soundtrack and graphics for the type of game it is.
,Recommended,250320,11095512,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,chet,Great animation and a great storyline with an amazing plot and a movie-like game style.10/10 recommend to anyone and everyone.
76561197970345721,Recommended,250320,11095643,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,[JKT] J'rel Prestoo,"Easily one of the best Telltale games I've ever played. Every character contains a tremendous amount of depth. Every turn of the story is beyond compelling. The game itself is fairly linear; however, the story is so great that I don't really even care. Just give me more."
,Recommended,250320,11097248,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Xen,"I was not familiar with either comic or book, or any other TellTale games. I've got this by recommendation during 2014 Summer Sale. So far it is my best purchase of the Sale. If other TellTale games are like that, I am not bitterly regretting not buying the entire bundle. It is very simple as far ""game"" part goes, but the story, art, music are just about perfect. IT's fantasy film noir brought to interactive life, and it is .. perfect. Anxiously waiting for last(?) Episode."
,Recommended,250320,11097324,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sammael,"Narratively speaking this is one of the finest experiences I've ever had with a game. The choice and dialogue mechanics are nicely implemented into the gameplay, and the cel-shaded graphics are grimly engaging. A really fantastic game."
,Recommended,250320,11098444,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sebastian,"Amazing story line. Tons of surprises.( which you should expect in a TellTale game)Characters have a great sense of personality and you get to discover them, and understand them more once you go further into the game. Game really pulls you in. 8/10"
76561197993344128,Recommended,250320,11098580,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Cinghiale Frollo,Fantastic.
,Recommended,250320,11098715,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Taevas,"I can't say enough good things about this game. This is the first 'episode based interactive drama game' I've tried, and I have to say, I'm a big fan.The games is based on the amazing comic-book series 'Fables' and is a prequel to the series. The story line and feel to the game is very much in keeping with the series, but you don't need any knowledge of this to enjoy the game. Back story is provided as you play through.The game itself is superbly made, boasting great voice-acting, artwork work, music (a great 80's throwback soundtrack) and storyline that combine to make the game really engaging. The game combines conversation trees with more action-orientated scenes (where you have to make real time decisions and interact with the characters more) to guide players through a world where you do feel like the choices you make influence the outcome and storyline. I'm a relatively casual gamer, and I hardly ever replay games, but with TWAU, I've found myself replaying episodes to a) see what other storylines I can uncover and b) to simply play more of the game. Telltale has also built in a statistics tracker, so that at the end of epsiodes, it compares your choices on major deicisons to that of other players. Quite neat relly.If you are looking for a fast paced game, then this isn't for you. The game has it's moments of drama, but the draw of the game is the storyline and characters, rather than the actual gameplay. It's like watching a beautifully drawing animated movie, where you have to power to influence how it ends."
,Recommended,250320,11099046,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,✪ MrsJuiCyApPLe,when will the episode 5 come out
76561198045710844,Recommended,250320,11087943,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,midnightslastashes,amazing writing and art. As a comic this game is a 10.
,Recommended,250320,10642633,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Toast,It's like The Walking Dead but not boring!
76561198059630190,Recommended,250320,10643639,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hectik360,awesome !!!!
76561197973989766,Recommended,250320,10644754,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,xtremeparadox,"The Wolf Among Us is Telltale's storytelling gameplay (taken from season 1 of The Walking Dead - another brilliant game) finely honed and sharpened to a perfect point.  It mixes in a more action-oriented gameplay experience (some of the fight scenes are brutal and amazing and play out in different ways every playthrough) with the point/click/react that we've all come to know and love from the company that has really helped bring adventure gaming back to the mainstream.Without mentioning much of the plot, know that it acts as a prequel to Fables, the great comic by Bill Willingham (that is finally wrapping up early next year, actually, after more than ten years) which involves fairy tale / storybook characters that have fled their realm and taken up residence in ""mundane"" ('real-world') New York City.The highest praise I can heap upon the voice acting is that now when I go back and read Fables, I hear the Telltale voices when the characters are speaking. They really nailed the character's personalities and mannerisms.  It's top-notch across the board.In short, if you have ever read Fables, you *owe* it to yourself to play this game.  It's everything you could have hoped it would be - funny, action-packed, smartly-written, gritty at times.  But even if you've never read the comic and just consider yourself a fan of well-paced, well-voiced, well-written adventure games, you'll still enjoy it.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,250320,10692628,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AssaultMage,"Holy crap. Fantastic. Telltale storytelling at its finest. Definitely a buy, if you can afford it and especially if you loved their Walking Dead series as much as I did.  Don't ask more questions, just get it!"
,Recommended,250320,10694137,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pandemoniac,"A wonderful story driven, grown-up choose-your-own-adventure game with a littleDragon's Lairclick-when-you-see-the-flash tossed in to spice it up. So far the game has hit the right balance between interactivity and story - I feel like my choices are impacting my path through the story, but the story is still coherent. I really like that you keep moving forward without needing to backtrack or get blocked by some puzzle that doesn't really make sense. I also liked that unlike Dragon's lair, when the action sequences happen, you sometimes have a choice about which way to go (Shall I bash him with the lamp or ram his head into the sink?) which made me feel more a part of whatever Bigby was doing.I played the first episode pretty much straight through and only had to retry from a checkpoint once, so the game really isn't about challenging you as a gamer. I have the first season ofThe Walking Dead, but it didn't really engage me as much as this game did - it was just a bit too emotionally heavy for me. The Wolf Among Us has characters with some depth but doesn't seem to be trying to punch you in your emotional gut.The voice acting and art is very well done. At the end of the episode, you get so see how many other people percentage-wise made the same major story choices that you did, which gave me some motivation to go back and try the episode another way. I also missed one Fable unlock and I'm really curious to know what it was. I haven't read any of Willingham's Fable comics, but I'm definitely going to check them out after playing the game. I think the 85 metascore is dead on."
76561198096947694,Recommended,250320,7446631,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,FatherofNone,"Choose your own awesome.  Point and click, plus quicktime with a storyline well upwards of decent."
76561198014813159,Recommended,250320,10694313,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Belligerent Engine,"Very easily to get hooked on.  Brings back the feeling of old point and click adventures despite being mostly conversations with occasional quick time events.The game is incredibly atmospheric, and the voice acting is excellent.  The art style is striking, and really makes the game shine."
,Recommended,250320,10695416,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,WeaselBiggs,"This is Telltale Games at their best, and the Fables universe at its grittiest. That alone should suffice as a glowing reccomendation.In true Telltale fashion, you play through a modernized SCUMM-esque design in which your protagonist, Fabletown's Sheriff and the resident lupine representative, Bigby, has to wander through 3D environments with a fixed perspective. You gather clues, talk to people and occasionally get involved in the sort of utterly gnarly fisticuffs the residents' supernatural natures afford. Even at its most action-packed, the game remains extremely approachable. If you can button-mash, then you can pull your own weight through Bigby Wolf's endured scrapes and burns.Not that you're there to throw werewolfy punches, though; far from it. You're a Film Noir investigator in the truest sense of the word: as grizzled as an apex predator such as the Big Bad Wolf should be, and forced to pick up chain smoking as a habit in order to dull out the unpleasant scents of the Mundy world. Mundies, FYI, are people such as you and me. Ordinary folk who only hear of the Fables in their natural environments - fairy tales - and never have to face the facts of their disappointingly gritty existence in the Big Apple. Donkeyskin  is forced to become a Lady of the Road, if you catch my drift; Beauty has to pick up odd jobs with Beast in order to afford the dregs of their courtly lifestyle, Bloody Mary would make Alex DeLarge and his droogs look like choir boys...You'll recognize them all, if only skewed through the dark and foggy lens of Bill Willingham's Vertigo/DC Comics series. Bigby, as controversial as his post as Sheriff appears to be, is the only one who can bring peace to this little community. Something dark and terrible's happened, something that has more in common with our everyday tales of inner-city squalor than the Fables' usual ""Happily Ever After"" fanfare, and he has to ply his predator's instincts in the business of sleuthing out the responsible individuals.Overall, this is Adventure Lite fare - don't expect anything resembling Myst's complexity. It's much more in tune with Telltale's Sam and Max series, mechanically speaking, or their Monkey Island series. Picking certain objects up or interacting with certain setpieces or people trigger new conversation options, so you'll fall back down onto the tried-and-true method of Clicking on Everything Interactive Until Nothing New Happens. Exhaust all possibilities and you'll usually be whisked elsewhere by the plot.It isn't especially challenging, but it also isn't supposed to be. You'll get the most mileage out of ""The Wolf Among Us"" if you've been invested in Fables as a universe and general concept, and especially so if you've caught up on the future occupations and shifts in importance of certain characters. You can end up feeling nostalgic for certain characters that the game represents in their technical Mundy World infancy when the current comics' timeline has killed them off long ago. Or, similarly, certain characters evolve in ways that are truthful to what the comics suggest, essentially making ""A Wolf Among Us"" an official piece of Fables canon.Whether you play it because it's excellent or because it's canonical, you'll get your fill. That much is certain."
,Recommended,250320,10695795,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AMinorGod,"Do you like fairy tales? Do you like Fables? Do you like detective-noir? Do you like the Dresden Files? You'll love The Wolf Among Us. Telltale Games has done this story justice, and it sort of acts as a prequel to the comics. The fact that this is a point and click with quicktime events really just lends to the fact that this is really an interactive story, and a good one at that. I urge anyone who loves mystery and modern fantasy to pick this up."
76561198088231873,Recommended,250320,10773187,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,peter.milford,"such story, so intrigue, wow"
,Recommended,250320,10773436,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,cire,"Amazing game, get it on steam sale and sleep happy"
,Recommended,250320,10774222,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,PandaLibrarian,Fans of the comics will truly love the attention paid to the various characters inhabiting Fabletown. The art style and soundtrack combine to transport players completely into the world of Bigby Wolf. TellTale did a good job of incorporating decisions that were mostly open to the player-often multiple choices felt right. The Wolf Among Us is easily one of the best games of 2014.
76561198019714368,Recommended,250320,10774318,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ImGodOfCanada,"A must buy for anyone who loves a mature and exciting, interactive story. However it is a very short game. each episode about 2 hours long. I`m actually kinda unhappy with Tell Tale. The walking dead first season had 4 hour episodes. Now, the walking dead season 2 and this game are pretty much half games by comparrison.Definately a fantastic story....Definately wait till its 50% or more on sale."
76561198046211301,Recommended,250320,11130565,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,MyNameArctic,"Brilliant story, interesting characters and awesome character development. This game is great fun and has you guessing what's going to happen. also great beacause the story change depending on the decisions you make. Probably not worth the full $25 bucks, because there's only about 9 hours gameplay, but if you can get it for anything under 10 it's a steal."
,Recommended,250320,11131823,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Cpt. Wang,"This Game is amazing, The story is gripping and for the most part the choices don't feel arbitrary, for the first time in my life I find myself wanting to replay a game to see what would happen differently.5 Stars. Do yourself a favour at the next steam sale. Buy the Wolf Among Us."
76561198104065889,Recommended,250320,11131990,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Luck O' The Irish,the best game ever
,Recommended,250320,7901972,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Nick NHL,Amazing game if you liked Telltales: The Walking Dead this one is a must. Fairy tales on crack.
76561198022533568,Recommended,250320,11132514,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,digohlegalx,Awesome game.  Telltale is becoming a Genre and a good one.
76561198045618948,Recommended,250320,11132438,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Lucrotias Maw,The Little Mermaid's a stripper and you get to see her t*ts. 10/10
,Recommended,250320,11132617,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,zhm,best single player game i've ever played (tied with the walking dead season 1).
76561198117174373,Recommended,250320,11132723,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,xAeon,must buy
76561198051013424,Recommended,250320,11133249,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,JUNK-B3H3M0TH,"So the game is good. Story is great can't wait for the finale episode. The characters are great. The art is super spot on. The music is sick(in a good way). Overall the game is good. I dropped an anvil on someone's head, so that was fun. So stop reading this review and go get the game."
76561197999520305,Recommended,250320,11133373,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,shibby,10/10
76561198028297284,Recommended,250320,11133703,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,123,5 star game!Another brilliant game from TellTale!Ever since TWD game the quality just keeps on rising!Recommended to anyone who loves a story driven game.
76561198047023016,Recommended,250320,11133917,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Nads Dikkelson,[Light cigarette]Best ever. Really wishing I had access to ep 5 right now.
,Recommended,250320,11134348,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Chaos,Really good game for anyone that likes playing games where you feel like you're choices actually make a impact. It has no grinding and not many rest points so the episodes are somewhat short (2 hours each aprx) but they are always satisfying. 10/10
,Recommended,250320,11134783,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Arwin,"If you're a fan of Telltale's The Walking Dead, then you'll like this. Telltale did an excellent job, once again, bringing an established franchise to a new medium. Whether you're a fan of the comic series or not, the story is setup to appeal to everyone. Telltale worked closely with Vertigo and Bill Willingham to make this prequel canon without contradicting the established story arcs. Great music, art style, and atmosphere. A must buy."
,Recommended,250320,11135115,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,oliethefolie,The game has a very strong story. It's constantly intense and it feels as if every move you make will make or break you.
76561198111875535,Recommended,250320,11135147,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Rucketman,"Great Point and Click, where you end up really wanting to know what happens next, as if you were able to be inside a film, all of that in a very special fable like environment. Great visuals and dialogs. The only criticism I have about this game is that the key bindings are unchangeable, and sometimes the choices during the dialogs are not very explicit (for example i did not choose what i wanted when speaking to toad, as the box was too vague). Hope this helped!"
,Recommended,250320,10232102,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,The Mute,Good game.
76561198045791479,Recommended,250320,10217125,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,chicken nugget scoon,I LOVE THIS SO MUCH!It took me a while to get into the story but when i did i foudn it amazing!!
76561197962989134,Recommended,250320,10211119,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Ortellios,Just....Awsome!
,Recommended,250320,10265694,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,DewaanshGames,JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER WITH TIME... :DAs I Said Earlier in My Walking Dead review..One Day I will Join Telltalegames as A VFX Artist or Setup My Own Company..I LOVE TELLTALE GAMES...PLEASE NEVER END THIS SERIES..JUST TELL ME THAT THERE WILL BE A SEASON 2 Aswell :DLOVE YOU TELLTALE GAMES DEVELOPERS :*
,Recommended,250320,10265709,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,E5150_Julian,"The quality of the plot alone makes this game worth 9/10. IMO, better than Telltales Walking Dead games"
,Recommended,250320,7664950,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Ashe K Reaper,"A great game for those who love getting enthralled in a plot and characters, the character's decicisions drastically alter the game down the road, and ""grim"" being a word that should be put back into fairy tales."
76561198041885567,Recommended,250320,10425129,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Russiansubcommander,"Right when I was about to give up on the gaming industry for the same bland clay being re-sculpted and sold to us over and over in a new package this game comes out and made me just say Wow... Simplistic, Stylized and just well done."
76561198010641414,Recommended,250320,10486590,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Crystillictorment,This game is fantastic. I love how it is episodic but I wish the episodes were released a little closer together!!
76561198018640621,Recommended,250320,10504765,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,STRAW!,BEST GAME EVEEEER!!
,Recommended,250320,10508862,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,alphatrooper18,"Amazing, immersive game. 11/10 highly worth whatever price"
,Recommended,250320,10510056,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,OmniNerd,Bigby Wolf is one of the best protagonists in a Telltale game yet.
,Recommended,250320,10887971,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,sh0wman.,[Remove Arm]10/10.
76561198023809306,Recommended,250320,10888832,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MFG iMaGNiiFieD,A well made game. 10/10
,Recommended,250320,10889240,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BoxGlakma,The intro theme sounds cool.
,Recommended,250320,10589077,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,abbit,If you've played The Walking Dead you will surely love this. It's the same concept with the point-and-click type of game and the story is just amazing here too. To truly enjoy the whole game you have to play through it a couple of times to see and experience the different scenarios . The music is something I feel I need to bring up since you get so exctied just by hearing it in the intro of every new chapter. It's also a kind of softpaced game so you can play it if you're feeling tired or not in just in the mood for something fastpaced.
76561198110250840,Recommended,250320,10733923,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gib me da Succ,[Rip off his arm] -- Definately something to remember this game by. The story telling is great plus the amount of different choices you can make makes room for replayability
76561198044949438,Recommended,250320,10734929,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,FlyingShadow,"Right from the beginning you're thrown into a little bit of action and that's just the start of it. Everything from the characters, their responses, the kind of choices you get to make, and the story have been written out very well. With each chapter it will leave you wanting more. For anybody that is a fan of TellTale's previous work, (and still ongoing) The Walking Dead, this is a most have."
,Recommended,250320,10735334,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Daddy,"I'm not but 2 episodes in, and I'm in love with the story. Being a big fan of TellTale games, they deffinantly deliver with this title."
,Recommended,250320,10735340,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PL,If you have played The Walking Dead and enjoyed it. Well you're defintely going to enjoy this game aswell. The story is great. The characters and voice acting is great aswell.
,Recommended,250320,10735627,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Immo,"Telltale knock it out of the park again. The strory is awesome and it will keep you guessing through all the twists and turns, a true must buy."
,Recommended,250320,10735725,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Maggle,u blay wolf and it bretty good 10/10 :DDDDDD
76561198076347980,Recommended,250320,10736256,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AngelVelez78,Love the story!!! and it a great game play
,Recommended,250320,10737293,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cyclone06,"Great game by telltale, I have not read the comics but love the story line and art style in the game lets hope there is a season 2"
,Recommended,250320,10738120,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sandwichartista,Very cool game. From the guys who did the walking dead (good one) game.
,Recommended,250320,10738359,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Coruskor,This is a really fun game. The graphics are still the standard Tell tale style that I enjoy and the story is very engaging and dynamic. Biggest down side to the game is not being able to skip ahead through the parts that you have already played. So even after playing the game like 5 times over you still cant get to the good stuff quicker. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not you will want to replay the game more than once. Much worth such wow
76561197983230062,Recommended,250320,10738636,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Justice itself!,"A very good game, that sounds quite silly when you try to explain it to your friends:""So guys, get Wolf Among Us. You get to play as the Big Bag Wolf who is the Sherrif. You have a room mate called Colin, he's a pig. You fancy Snow White and Beauty from Beauty and the Beast might be a hooker. Also, it's set in modern day New York.""Hm. Despite that, it's a very good game that focuses on your choices and the lasting effects they'll have."
,Recommended,250320,10738885,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[BTFU] Captain Planet,"Really fun game. Interesting violent mystery adventure with characters from famous fables. Love it, can't wait for more episodes to come out!"
,Recommended,250320,10759711,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Beefcakes,"I would like to start this game isn't for everyone, it's a point & click adventure like the walking dead which both games are made from Tell tale. If you liked the walking dead you would like this too. They are both different but are the same. The different is the storyline and the characters. In each chapter they both leave questions unanswered and leaves you guess what is going to happen next. I would recommend this game for people who like storytelling and decisions. lots and lots of decisions."
,Recommended,250320,10759861,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jinxter,"4 episodes down and whoah. Amazing sense of style (a lot on loan from film ""Drive"" with neon colours and syntehesizer soundtrack) and really wonderfull world of Fables comicbooks is a real winner as a game. Characters act so well and voiceacting really hits the spot. At times the game feels a slight bit repetetive ... but then again that might have to do with player choices. As usually the choices arent usually right and wrong but you have to choose from all bad choices. Now just have to wait for conclusion on episode 5."
,Recommended,250320,7373986,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,MintyNerd,Telltale games has done it again. From the developers who brought us one of the best story driven/emotional games of 2012 The Walking Dead. Brings us an interactive crime drama in an interesting world based off a popular comic book series. If you loved the The Walking Dead you're gonna love this.
76561198066074582,Recommended,250320,8864801,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,kaladred,Just waiting on Ep. 2.....
,Recommended,250320,8865255,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jamedog,"Gripping. If The Walking Dead was up your alley, then you'll definitely enjoy this. Telltale have done it again."
,Recommended,250320,8939360,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Eric S! Johnson,"Fantastic game! Very similar to what Telltale did in The Walking Dead game but with a dark fairy tale twist. The Wolf Among us is a sort of prequel to the DC/Vertigo comic Fables. The mood is grim and gritty and everything from the music to the dark colors to the downright morose cast convey it perfectly. The story is incredible and has to be experienced to be fully understood.You are Bigby Wolf, the reformed Big Bad Wolf of lore, and the sherrif of Fabletown. It only gets weirder. Your potential love interest is Snow White and the two of you work together to solve the murder of a lesser known fable named Faith. Twists and turns lead you through a myriad of characters ripped straight from the mind of the Brothers Grimm. I won't spoil anything here, you'll have to play to find out  the rest.I am rating episode 1 of 5 a 9.8/10. The only downside is the QTE mechanics. They can be a little frustrating but everything else just looks and feels so good."
,Recommended,250320,7450955,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Star Platinum,"If you liked The Walking Dead, you'll love The Wolf Among Us. It has plenty of references to our childhood fairytales while still retaining the ability to mix in mature things and a certain level of grit. It's a wonderful experience, and I'd reccomend it to anyone who enjoys story-driven games."
76561198007797767,Recommended,250320,8961217,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Avaga,"Fantastic and well written experience, cannot wait for the next episodes to be released"
,Recommended,250320,8961718,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Quirky,Amazing Lore. Amazing Story. Amazing Characters. Amazing Art Direction. Every single aspect of this game keeps me glued to my seat and my mind wanting to know what happens next!
76561197970821258,Recommended,250320,8966077,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,ArmoredRaven,"This is a well told, violent, sad, and ultimately shocking experience.If you can take a hit to your face and then some more, this is just the game for you.*semispoiler*Can at least ONE of my favourite characters stay alive in episode two? Pleaaaase?*/semispoiler*"
,Recommended,250320,7368935,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,DerHannes,"After ""The Walking Dead"" now comes with ""Fables - The Wolf Among Us"" the next big Point and Click Adventure of TellTale Games and it's magicaly epic! As an absolut fan of the TV Show ""Once upon a time"" where fairytale figures were imprisoned in the real word without their memory of their true selfes, this game made me buy it in about 2 seconds.These fables know about their past after they had to flee from their realm into our world but they try to hide... ... ... and to kill each other...You play as Bigby Wolf who is the sheriff and tries to find a killer after a strange homecide. Meet Snow White, Belle, the Beast,  the Woodsman and many more in the first episode and be witched...TellTale did it again. Don't think you know each fable for real and that the good and cute ones will have an easy life...Another 10 out of 10"
76561198027026442,Recommended,250320,9010997,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,sucheva,"A great story, more refined controls and a fantastic art style. Definitely worth the price of admittance."
76561198047461826,Recommended,250320,9011496,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,☭Hazyimage☭,"This game is fantastic!........................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\...................\::::::::::::::::::::::\"
,Recommended,250320,9011957,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Svatopluk Hus,totally epic game
76561198059272046,Recommended,250320,9013067,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Sauce,This game incorporates real-world gritty crime with an old fairy tale element98/100
,Recommended,250320,9014053,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Welsh Sheep Wannabe,"just....it's just real good... pick it up, you won't regret it. :')"
76561198012624185,Recommended,250320,9014174,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Shrukin,oh my glob
76561198122656108,Recommended,250320,9040815,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ron Weasley,"An exciting an adventure that will leave you with your jaw dropped, and your mind ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,250320,9041800,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,AlfCapone,yes very goood very good best werewolf simulator ever
76561197991850126,Recommended,250320,9047020,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,MaximumBrax,"The method by which Wolf tells its story (and it's a very interesting story) is fantastic. The atmosphere and dialogue are executed beautifully, and the art feels like I'm playing in a graphic novel. I enjoy every minute.Sadly, there aren't that many minutes to enjoy. It's incredibly short, and I haven't taken more than one sitting to finish either episode. With two and a half playthroughs of Episode 1, and one playthrough of episode 2, my total play time is still a scant 4 hours. I hope future episodes are longer."
76561198011673767,Recommended,250320,9047995,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Gannon,"The Wolf Among Us is exceptional, It's gritty, It's graphic, It’s interactive.  The art style is spectacular; the graphics are appropriately very comic-bookesque. In addition, as far as game play, I really do feel like I am a part of the story!  It's the tough decisions that will influence how the rest of the game unfolds for you, you'll have to live with the consequences of every decision you make. There’s plenty of action, but a large portion of your time in this game is spent literally being a part of the tale making some tough (and some not so tough) choices.*Warning* you might not like this game if being a gamer to you means, ""I play COD""."
76561198104180478,Recommended,250320,9032666,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Bay XII,Brlliant
,Recommended,250320,9037933,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Kranitoko,"Episode 1 - Fantastic episode that left us with a cliffhanger which I think no one saw coming until you saw the flashing police car lights. - 8.5/10Episode 2 - Adds more mystery to the mix and twists and turns that kept you guessing with a surprising, if not a little farfetched turnout. A little short of an episode too... 7.5/10"
76561198040446400,Recommended,250320,9038185,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Sexual Slothasaurus,Great story with an interesting twist to fairy tales. It's so entertaining that it makes you sad when you have to wait for the next episode
,Recommended,250320,9039290,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Professor,"TWAU is a Telltale choice & consequence game. If you don't know what that means, play the demo or The Walking Dead Season 1. You'll get the gist. TWAU doesn't really do anything deeply new with that format. This game immerses you in the world of Willingham's comic franchise Fables, and it's perfect for this heavily stylized detective noir story.I'd never read any of Bill Willingham's Fables before playing The Wolf Among Us. In fact, I had no idea TWAU was based on a comic book. The first few seconds of the game make it abundantly clear that its roots lie in comics. I'll definitely be picking up some of those books now."
76561197964307908,Recommended,250320,9039404,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Kaos Karlsson,epic.
76561198043215002,Recommended,250320,9023787,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Fb||Placebo,"in my opinion, this one is better than the walking series that telltale games released(and is still making). Its a really dark and mysterious movie-type game that will suprise you on every turn. 8-10 (i give it an 8 because there are certain areas in the game that give me framerate drops.could just be me, idk)"
,Recommended,250320,9024180,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Goon2503,"Awesome noir feel.  More of an interactive experience than a game in parts, but even so, I love everything about it and can't wait for the rest of the episodes.  Much better than The Walking Dead in my opinion."
76561198008153287,Recommended,250320,9025015,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,MadViking,"An amazing story, told only as Tell Tale can!The signature art style combined with engaging caracters, and a commpeling story make this a must buy series. Anyone famillier with their Walking Dead series will have no trouble with the same control scheme used here, although you should be aware that as a Tell Tale series they use the same less than popular in game purchasing system as in their other episodic offerings. That being said this is definetly worth the investment!"
76561198018416373,Recommended,250320,9025200,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,MEKO227,money well spent
,Recommended,250320,9025460,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Kirkenburger,"It's not much of a game, but its very point and click adventure style with a dash of visual novel.Great stuff."
,Recommended,250320,9028039,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Gexzer0,"This is one of those games you come across every so often that just takes you to a different place far removed from anything that may be going on around you. The atmosphere of it pulls you in and keeps you there through out each interaction, action sequence and even the lulls that set a sort of tired worn tone for the world. Almost ever character seems to be trying to either change their ways (dark past or otherwise) from the fairytale they are from or adapting their old tendencies to the new world of the city. Even better is that the story adapts to how you play, if you♥♥♥♥♥♥off the wrong person early on they might have a score to settle later. People also change the way that they view you such as thinking you're not as bad a person as the fables portray you or that you're just as brutal as before. Over all I could'nt have asked for a better execution of this story about fables."
76561198054925809,Recommended,250320,9030632,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,warhamster99,"This is a really short rewiew.Buy this game if you liked the walking dead and/or you have liked the comics.Good storytelling,interesting characters,diffiuclt choices.Everything you can expect from Telltale Games."
,Recommended,250320,9030693,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,-CMTV- Redwarp,"Really cool, but it's less of a game, and more of an interactive story."
,Recommended,250320,9025555,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Bleidd,Better than The Walking Dead.
,Recommended,250320,7614889,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Aquadragon / Aquaria Anahita,"Awesome game, especially love it's comicbook style look, love how the choices you make effect your play, can't wait for the rest of the episodes :D"
,Recommended,250320,8786782,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Solgrid,"This game is awesome, great art, story telling and all around great game from Telltale. This is a must buy! The episodes will all be released by Summer 2014 so you wont have to wait long for the full season."
,Recommended,250320,8788907,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,theused182,"Absolute blast!Awesome story very entertaining... It made me feel upset, scared, angry .. so many emotions - from a video game.Looking forward for the next chapters for sure!"
,Recommended,250320,8790561,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Oysters Rockefeller,"A great point-and-click game from the studio that brought you ""The Walking Dead,"" with a visual look that stands apart from said game."
76561198052898025,Recommended,250320,8703729,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Michael Christy,"Great game, in fact, I like it better than TWD because of its originality.... here's hoping that it continues to be that way.  Only problem with this game is the extremely long time period {so far} between episodes, 3 MONTHS!!!!  Gad Zooks.  I can handle a month, maybe even 6 weeks, but its like they forgot to make more episodes.  Either they don't have enough staff to keep these games rolling in, now that they are going to do Borderlands and another episodic time game like these.... it makes me wonder if they are now over their heads and cannot finish what they started.I heard tell that we may not see another episode until late February.  Hoping that rumor is not true, but it came from a good source in the business.  Otherwise, the one episode I played was outstanding."
,Recommended,250320,8705486,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,jediwannabe,"The Wolf Among Us can best be summarised as the love-child of The Walking Dead and LA Noire, set in the world of Once Upon a Time...TellTale Games have taken the winning formula of Cell Shaded ""choose-your-own-adventure"" psycho-drama from The Walking Dead, and applied it to the world of Fable, with spectacular results.If you enjoyed Walking Dead, Wolf Among Us improves upon the genre in several key ways.  Firstly, your choices are now more immediately meaningful.  Rather than having only ""emotional"" and minor story consequences to your actions, Wolf Among Us gives you a more involved gameplay through some very LA Noire style detective sequences.  You have to use genuine powers of observation, deduction, and memory, to figure out what exactly is going on and catch people in lies when they try to deceive you.  Success of failure here means the difference between solving a crime and being kept in the dark as the story progresses, and your list of suspects and choices changes dynamically depending on how much you've managed to work out.The action in the game is greatly improved, also.  The Quick-Time Events feel faster, more fluid and dynamic, and less repetative here.  Fight sequences are very immersive, giving you a genuine sense of actually being in the fight rather than observing it and pressing the occassional button.  Overall it's much more satisfying then repeatedly kicking a zombie in the face.The final key improvement, is in the art direction.  The whole game is dripping with style, from the art, through the animation, all the way up to the soundtrack.  Everything is superbly well done and atmospheric, with superb voice acting and characters, and the kind of emotional punch you expect from the ""Walking Dead"" pros.  The game is instantly recognisable as a film noir style adventure, and the brooding adult tones throughout really intensify the whole experience.Highly recommended for fans of LA Noire, Mass Effect, The Walking Dead, etc..."
76561198062229061,Recommended,250320,8707172,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,JaneSamurai,"The first episode is awesome, but short. Can't wait for the next..."
76561198054510708,Recommended,250320,8592857,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Cyroh,"Great game, as expected from telltale games. If you're already acustomed to episodic releases, make sure to pick this one up"
76561198057378998,Recommended,250320,8672099,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,TheDrunkenMagi,"TellTale Games is amazing, just amazing. Episodic Interactive Cinema is the future of entertainment."
,Recommended,250320,8672893,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,grum,"Another fantastic game from Telltale. A compelling paradigm of the strengths games hold for storytelling over other forms of media. Arguably better than the incredible ""Walking Dead"" games they have put out recently. Can't wait for the future episodes to see the repurcussions of my choices."
,Recommended,250320,8675535,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hitro01,This game is awesome and the story is amazing! 10/10
,Recommended,250320,7373473,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Tommy Wiseau,This games ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
76561198022340918,Recommended,250320,8956340,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Mullerlol,"Great storytelling, recommended :)"
76561198012307406,Recommended,250320,8957474,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,[VuVu] prometheus78,Just play it... Don't think about... Don't reason with yourself about it... Just PLAY IT!
,Recommended,250320,7375695,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Scarlet Manuka,Even better than The Walking Dead... words cannot express how beautiful this game is.
76561198094471858,Recommended,250320,8224967,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,OHMH,An incredible story told brilliantly
76561198016668062,Recommended,250320,8983058,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Footmunch,absolutely amazing!!!better than walking dead imo
76561198065530746,Recommended,250320,8984064,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Snorty Saiga,"Awesome story line spiced with mind blowing plot twists and quick time events. The options given are really obvious on how you're going to take the next move, either with the hard way which is being nice or with the easy way which is with violence . I really like how the other characters respond differently based on how they're being treated."
76561198016071202,Recommended,250320,7394947,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Marky Mark,"10/10 This game is amazing! The story, the characters, they're all awesome! The only problem with this game? You don't get to ♥♥♥♥ Snow White."
,Recommended,250320,8985018,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,FanboyUnleashed,brilliant game
,Recommended,250320,8985592,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Tallkotten,"Awesome game. Same gameplay as ""The Walking Dead"" by Telltale but an entierly different setting."
76561198022774600,Recommended,250320,8986202,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,De enige echte,"It's a good story, a strong story...BUT SO DAMN SHORT. I completed the first two episodes in less than three hours.For that price, it's not worth it"
,Recommended,250320,8986687,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,DepletedCharge,Makes you sit on the edge of your seat the whole time you're investigating the crimes. Every big reaveal is pretty unexpected. Just wish they made the episodes a bit longer. Can't wait for episode 3.
76561198030304437,Recommended,250320,8986912,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Avean,A few games can tell a story like the Walking Dead or Wolf Among Us... Personally I find the wolfie and fables universe even more engaging than its predecessor... Nonetheless. This is a great game that is worth every penny and u will not look at storytelling the same way after you've experienced either or both of these Telltale games. :) much luv. so w0w.
,Recommended,250320,11168813,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Zavar,"The Wolf Among Us is another brilliant experience from Telltale Games. For everyone that doesn't know, the story is based on the Fables series of comics written by Bill Willingham. You play as one of the main characters from the comics, Bigby Wolf. Once known as the Big Bad Wolf, Bigby is the sheriff of Fabletown which is a part of New York City where the Fables reside.The story starts with a simple noise complaint from Toad and progresses as events in Fabletown spiral out of control. Fables who don't have natural human forms have to purchase glamours to make them appear as humans. Any non-human Fable who doesn't is sent to a rural community known as ""The Farm"". The end of the game, which is the 1st season, leaves you in a cliffhanger situation which will make you instantly want to play the next game.The games uses the same point-and-click system as the Walking Dead games from Telltale Games. The player can chose what Bigby says and does during conversations and can explore areas that they're in. The combat system, which is mainly quick time events, involves the use of the wasd keys, repeatedly tapping q and, obviously, pointing and clicking.The combination of involved gameplay and an interesting story really make this game stand out. I really enjoyed it and I recommend it. If you liked the Walking Dead games or you have an interest in the murder mystery genre, you'll also enjoy this game.+Great Story+Amazing Voice Acting+Good Combat System+Attractive Art Style+Fun Gameplay9/10Side Note - The game doesn't use many resourses. I ran it on an AMD E-450 notebook which was connected to a 1080p monitor. It ran at over 30fps on 720p with maxed out settings. I recommend running the game with textures set to high to make some parts readable. If you have textures set too low then you won't be able to read text in certain areas."
76561198022066606,Recommended,250320,11169044,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Silver_Bear,"It's a very well-written crime story in the ficitionalFabletown, which is getting screwed up by a series of murders. Playing asSheriff Bigby Wolf, you got to solve this case.As said, very well-written story and distinctive characters, bound in quite dark styled, cel-shaded graphics. The actual gameplay suits this type of game pretty good."
,Recommended,250320,7530278,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Waffen,"Graphically the game presents itself extremely well, and it's hard not to love the hazy purple/pink and slightly retro color theme presenting a gripping noir-style detective story with a twist.The crisp, cell-shaded textures are now complimented by lighting which perfectly compliments the tone of the game and which is nothing short of a treat to look at. Meanwhile the soundtrack is equally atmospheric and engaging, and the reworked QTE system is much more pleasant and intuitive than the one featured in TWD. Hope they keep using it."
76561198047672288,Recommended,250320,11169468,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,[GWFs] Anime was a Mistake,"Excellent game, exactly what one has come to expect from Telltale."
76561198044065083,Recommended,250320,11169727,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,VJ Kappa,"Has a talking pig who is awesome, 10/10"
76561198126718655,Recommended,250320,11169924,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Thomfoolery,Don't believe Toad's lies.
76561197991343652,Recommended,250320,11170073,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Masquerade Moose,Just finished the season finale and damn is it good! I really hope Telltale Games brings out another season soon! Such a good game!!!!
76561198093748012,Recommended,250320,11170266,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Excubalibre,Alrighty... waited to review this game after I finish it. And now I've completed it. So ill just make this as simple as possible.Pros:exellent storydeep charactersgreat visualsyou're a big bad wolf...sheriffCons:light on gameplaykinda short in the end
,Recommended,250320,11170326,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,[GGVF] JadexCorp,"Positives:Great sound design and musicBeautiful and Atmospheric vIsual design and animation (especially the opening theme)Great story (that you create, yourself)Your story feels like it is you in Sherrif Bigby's shoes without seeming like a forced path at all.Great characters and enterpretation of Fables charactersHoly crap the wolf sequences!!!JEEZ I WAS A MASSIVE WOLF!!!!!OK:There could be a few more of the crime scene bits (exploring the environment) still satisfying overall thoughThe voice acting could have been better at some points (beast, mirror), but for the most part, they did a damn good job.Toad is a big ♥♥♥♥♥ to his son, but y'knowNegatives:Maybe another season would be nice telltale??Overall 10/10Awesometacular!"
,Recommended,250320,11170807,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,SayberSky,Ever played L.A. Noire? Okay.Now replace the default characters with Fables. Okay.Add a beautiful art style of the mid 20th century New York. Okay.Put in the writers from The Walking Dead. Okay.You now have The Wolf Among Us. Play it. NOW.
,Recommended,250320,11171427,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,SetsunaOne,"the wolf among us became one of my favourite games in the last days.I really enjoy the mixture of fairy tales and thriller, it made fun and the story was twisted without getting unlogical. Many famous fables appear in the game and I got to like the main character very well.The game isn't difficult to play, I think you can't even fail. This isn't about skill, but about making desicions that influence the story.I took about 10 hours to finish the game, you might make it in 8-9 if you're not into looking around.The comic like graphic fits the atmosphere perfectly, but you have to like it. In case you don't you're not going to have fun with the wolf among us. The grafic also makes it look not as brutal as it would be in a more realistic style, so I guess it's nice even for those who don't like seeing violence in computer games.all in all I recommend this to everyone who likes the genre and/or fairy tales! It is capturing, it is unusal, it is fun."
76561198061569808,Recommended,250320,11171450,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,azepoipoahj1,YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
,Recommended,250320,11171453,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,limewolf,Quite possbily the best Telltale adventure yet.
,Recommended,250320,11171713,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,03dumbdumb,When is Season 2?! 10/10
76561198043425561,Recommended,250320,11171846,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,MajorFletch,Fantastic game.
76561198006929178,Recommended,250320,11179447,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,THiRoST,Well worth playing! 10/10
,Recommended,250320,11179693,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,July B,"I certainly recommend this game to everyone! The graphics are beautiful, the story is amazing and overall, it's just mind-blowing! The yogcast inspired me to play this game, so I did, now I love it! This game has got me hoocked and inspired me to play The Walking Dead and other TellTale games, or even read the comics. I love this game, one of my favourite games i have!"
,Recommended,250320,7878639,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,"The setting, the dialogue, the visuals and the gameplay are very compelling. The Wolf Among Us is easily the best game in Telltale Games' catalogue."
,Recommended,250320,11179811,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,FlygLuffet,"Do you like stories? Do you like being able to affect said story in some ways as it is being told? Are you intruiged by the notion of a world populated by the fables you used to hear as bedtime stories? If yes i strongly recommend that you play this game.Nice art style, plenty of memorable characters and a story that will leave you begging for more. You will not regret pplaying it."
76561198009318040,Recommended,250320,11180363,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Dexterity Jones,"Awesome game. Get it, enjoy it."
,Recommended,250320,9060368,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Bannannnannna,The Big Bad Wolf is a total badass. Eberything you do makes you feel like a badass.
76561198083578643,Recommended,250320,7652436,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Silent_man117,Has an Amazing story and got to love the art that has been put into this game
,Recommended,250320,9060962,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dece,This game is one of the best I've ever played. Top three easy.
76561198095160024,Recommended,250320,9061119,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Vegrhauk,{Insert Cuss Words} amazing.
,Recommended,250320,7469853,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Klaus,"This is one of the better examples of Telltale improving their game mechanics. The on screen interface is more intuitive and stylish, the action sceanes are actually engaging, and the choices are better and more varied. The story itself is pretty gripping, at least as far as episode 1 and 2 sor far. However, the actual detective elements are pretty bare-bones. Don't expect any ""eureka"" moments here, the game will pretty much state everything flat out. Still, the game is well worth it for the art style, story, and interesting lore behind the Fables universe.There are some issues with frame stutting, especially when the game has to load a montage of player choices/consquences, but it's nothing to be too broken up over. The most diappointing thing about The Wolf Among Us is its length. Episode 1 lasts for a couple hours (depending on you play speed) and does an excellent job of setting up the mythos and the story to come. However, episode 2 barely clocks in at 1.5 hours. With chuncks of game this small and with such a long time gap inbetween episode realeses, it's hard to feel like you're making any progress.Overall, the game is worth the buy. However, if you're the impatient type, it may be best to wait until more of the episodes come out."
76561198056526198,Recommended,250320,9125187,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,brushbrushbrush,"A very, very good game that will definitely leave you wanting more. Full of shocks and twists as you guide the story through your actions and ultimately very satisfying to play and watch as the story unfolds."
76561198034157772,Recommended,250320,9125373,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Wash,A Noire crime drama filled with twists and turns. Anyone could be the killer and every choice matters. I can best describe this game as the show Grime crossed with the game LA Noire.
,Recommended,250320,9128754,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Red Panda,"Excellent story from the makers of the walking dead.  Plus it's got talking frogs and pigs,  boom right there."
76561198063970853,Recommended,250320,9129816,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Grahamy Goodness,"A noir styled game, has an awesome and gripping storyline, and no matter what choices you make in the game, you will always feel like they have an impact on the story."
,Recommended,250320,9130229,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Jay,"The episodes are rather short, about an hour and a half or so each. But like most of Telltale's recent games, those episodes are short and sweet, compelling and well written. If you played and liked The Walking Dead, you'll like this."
,Recommended,250320,9113560,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ðel,quite and interesting story/decision making game where  the decisions you make affect the outcome.
76561198074731374,Recommended,250320,9117625,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Areebus,amazeballs all i can say
,Recommended,250320,9118690,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Shen,Very beautiful and captivating story and characters!
,Recommended,250320,9090293,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lithon,I enjoyed this more than The Walking Dead Video game from Telltale Games! 15/15
76561197988822461,Recommended,250320,9121985,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Rincon,Do it
,Recommended,250320,9105784,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Eesmee,"The story for this game is just amazing, I am totally hooked!"
76561197970536821,Recommended,250320,9108684,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Anzer,A phenomenal story that changes based on your actions and responses to the characters that populate this world. Fantastic writing and great style highlight this game. Highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good story.
76561198063507241,Recommended,250320,9109492,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,HeroicSquirrel,"I love this game. Best combo of real life and the fairy tale land. I love how you can either be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or be a nice guy, or, best of all, just beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone and everything."
,Recommended,250320,7452075,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Tyuki,"Telltale Games does not disappoint. The high expectations they set with The Walking Dead, they have well-met with The Wolf Among Us. The whole story backround is attention-grabbing alone, and, after just playing one episode, I'm already hooked on the characters and feel a great sympathy and love for Bigby Wolf.The plot-line has remained unpredictable and, of course, infuriating with Telltale's classic cliffhangers, throwing players under the bus (in a good way) with suspense and hard choices. The action sequences match with intensity, and as a player you will never feel a sense of security (if you do, then prepare for a plot-twist). Worth every penny."
76561198032615472,Recommended,250320,9769624,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Louve,Why does TellTale make such good games?!?!? D: 10/10
76561197983153729,Recommended,250320,9769712,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Mayo,"Very good game!! I Reccomend it :D I loved the walking dead, is love this game also!! :D"
,Recommended,250320,9769892,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Czech this out!,"WOW!!@! Such next gen graphics, multichoice dialogs, wow!!! GOTY!!!! 10/10 would wait for more episodes."
,Recommended,250320,8571537,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dick Machinko,"Episode 2 was great, though it took a bit too long to come out. I look forward to the next."
,Recommended,250320,8982599,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Dingo Stole My Keyboard,"Imagine The Walking Dead game, except it is based on a comic book about your favourite childhood fairy tales living in modern day times.If you haven't played The Walking Dead, play that.If you're deciding between getting this or The Walking Dead, get The Walking Dead.If you can't get either then play Planetside 2."
,Recommended,250320,8754242,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Jbainsy,"It's ""Once Upon A Time"" meets ""CSI""This game had me gasping and wondering who the murderer is the whole entire game... Am itching to start chapter 2... i bet its gonna be amazing just like the first chapter... and WOW! What a cliff hanger"
,Recommended,250320,7488991,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,BarterAxis,"Can't wait to see the story unfold as the episodes are released over the next few months.Edit: It's been nearly 4 months and the 2nd episode still has not been released. They announced it for the first week of Feb, let's hope they stick to it."
,Recommended,250320,7370549,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,emptyother,Love the art style in this game.And so far it seems very true to the source material.
76561197989669744,Recommended,250320,8695806,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Disbeat,This games alot of fun and trying to figure out who did it so far isnt easy at all. cant wait for the next epiode to come out.
76561198008549360,Recommended,250320,8697455,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Syres,"Never read any of the comics, but I like the setting and the story telling of the first episode is awesome. Well worth the money so far. Just can't wait for the rest!"
76561198054582180,Recommended,250320,8698619,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ballzdeep69,If you liked the walking dead the game then this is for you. It operates like the walking dead and they integrate the fables so perfectly into the city.
76561198072267571,Recommended,250320,8699817,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,masterofkarate,"I really like the feel of this game. Thay have done a great job capturing the mood of the comic. Compared to series like the walking dead, a wolf among us, offers(to me) a more exiting story in a more interesting universe. Great voiceacting so far, and an intriging storyline. I cant wait to see where this is heading. Whenever that may be. Some updates about the realease of the next episode would be great!"
,Recommended,250320,8702371,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Pentagram_Alakazam,"This game is great.  I LOVE the Walking Dead games but this absolutely tops them.  If they released all the other episodes tomorrow, it still wouldn't be soon enough for me."
,Recommended,250320,10554276,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Arkhanist,"The storytelling and choices in this game are excellent. It's a classic point-n-click adventure game, very similar in action to the walking dead. The storyline is that myths and fables are real people, and living in secret in the real world, but very hard to kill. When one is murdered, it's your job as sheriff - aka the Big Bad Wolf - to find out what's going on - and what you discover is far deeper than you could have imagined."
,Recommended,250320,11536540,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Texas Pete Original Hot Sauce,This game is like reading a good book. The story pulls you in and won't let you go til you have finished the game. Even then you want to go back and play the whole thing over again and see how different choices affect the outcome. It has been a very long time since a story had a twist that I didn't see coming.
,Recommended,250320,11513836,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Mills,"The Storyline is hands down amazing, The first episode is a little slow, but it amps up really fast. If you are going get into it, pay close attention because some things need to be remembered until later, You can piece together the hidden secret and how all of the stuff from episode 1 leads to the very end game choice and what happens at that time. The best singleplayer Indie game I have ever played."
76561198049111156,Recommended,250320,11514664,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Chungabuns,glass him
76561198083667450,Recommended,250320,11515712,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Old Man Herbert,"Love it!A lot like the Walking Dead series, which I love as well.Great game."
76561198067101253,Recommended,250320,11402259,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Masterdub1,"Telltale at it again. Plot design and character development that stand next to none. I have to say buying them all at once was a double edged sword. I was at the edge of my seat, trying to anticipate the next turn or plot twist. Unfortunately, I tore through this beauty of a game in just 9.4 hours. Granted, there is always the option of going back and altering a few crucial decisions. Unfortutely, I don't feel like it would be over all, that differnet of an experience. On a final note, Telltale does leave quite a bit open for the imagination. I can only imagine any players of this series will greatly anticpate a follow up."
,Recommended,250320,11403271,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,HP DeskJet,This is one of my favourite games. I love the graphics. You could probably get 7 hours out of it. But I wish it was longer.Anyway I have recommended this game to people and I will again in the future.Replay value: High
,Recommended,250320,7398015,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Izazael,"A fantastically written, brilliantly voice-acted intepretation of the Fables universe."
76561197970768214,Recommended,250320,11406929,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,venusinfurs2000,As a fan of the comic and adventure games in general I can really recommend this. A lot of atmosphere and it's by far the best Telltale game I've played. It is more like a interactive graphic novel then game though. The voice cast is of a really high standard and I look forward to replaying it. Hopefully there will be a second series.
76561198061697484,Recommended,250320,11407623,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Angelus,"Best ♥♥♥♥ing game, stop reading, buy it and just play it then play it again and then ONCE more!WTF ARE YOU STILL READING FOR?GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
76561197974637187,Recommended,250320,11426035,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Dat Hobo,"Great story.. Lit a cigarette, saw boobs, and ripped a guys head off.  10/10"
,Recommended,250320,11426053,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Theo Kojak,"An excellent story, great graphics and design, and a world I didn't want to leave. Definitely recommended for anyone who has ever wanted to live in a hardboiled detective novel with just a dash of weirdness."
,Recommended,250320,11426519,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Bloodline,"Must have, One of the best games I have played in awhile."
,Recommended,250320,11426868,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,danieladirael,Perfect :) 10/10
76561197990879342,Recommended,250320,11427819,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Meowmix86,"Engaging, immersive, and addicting. SUCH WORTH."
76561198000304582,Recommended,250320,11428323,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Homo Erectus,"This game plays like a ♥♥♥♥ing storybook. It's has a fantastical and epic storyline. I highly suggest this game to anyone who enjoyed storytime as a child and wished those stories were darker. If you do get this game I recommend you supplement it with the Fables Comic Book series, it's a great read with great art. I personally liked the Animal Farm chapter of the CB series. I hope to enjoy further seasons of this game, and that you will too.P.S. This game is a prequel to the comic books."
76561197963637625,Recommended,250320,11429683,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Hyonam,"Good Adaptation of how the characters are from the comics, of which more people should read, but you don't need to have read them to play or understand this great game/story"
76561198046966931,Recommended,250320,11430325,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,≽ ≾ ≿ ⊀ ⊁ ⊂ ⊃ ⊄,a good story
,Recommended,250320,11431218,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Nuime,"My first Telltale game, surprisingly. Wasn't entirely sure what to expect but this definitely was not a disappointment.I'm not usually one for games with excessive quick time events so finding out that was the overall style of the game was troubling at first but I quickly got over it and just rolled with everything. I don't think I'd call this so much a game as an interactive story and for that reason alone it all just works.Excellent story, tons of options to not feel like you're being completely funneled to any conclusion, and just overall short and sweet enough to not overstay it's welcome. Can't wait to see if there will be a Season 2 for this! Now - on to some more from this same developer, something I am obviously overdue for!"
,Recommended,250320,11434078,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,fatttty,"TWAU is beautiful, moving, thoughtful and a must-play game. It's not perfect but it's worth your QTE.Given most choices have little outcome on the ultimate game direction the delivery of the storyline alone makes this game an enjoyable experience which you wish each episode could go a little bit longer.I'd spend my money on Part 2 along with the dum twiddling therapy needed in between agonizing waits between episodes."
,Recommended,250320,11434146,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Agent9,Telltale has done a fantastic job crafting a story based on the Fables comic series (which I highly recommend everyone checks out). it follows the same vein of play as TWD series so If you've enjoyed their other games then this is a must have. I would say this has a lot more action in it than TWD so it's a plus in my book.
76561197984083236,Recommended,250320,10960396,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,mandÑ,"Really a great game, I can only recommend it :)"
76561198118970268,Recommended,250320,10960410,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JsutAGoof.jpg,"Great game to play with a friend. lots of choices, cool setting, awesome story and characters."
76561198040677735,Recommended,250320,10960713,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nightmare,"The Wolf Among Us succeeds in pulling you into its world. As you play Bigby you come to meet a lot of the other fairytale characters and it gets you curious as to what all the fairytale characters are doing in the real world. Loved the fact that you're a sheriff and you're investigating cases. On a side note, always a happy feeling when I see a character from a fairytale I know."
,Recommended,250320,10985319,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Honorable Whore,Fantastic story. 10/10
76561198124100323,Recommended,250320,10985616,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,fire__fly,9/10 great game.
76561198076419213,Recommended,250320,10987077,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Hotchner,Best ingame story i have played for few years
76561197975444352,Recommended,250320,10988487,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,YEAHbrother,"Dark and brutal reframing of the old-school fable character universe, with a great overall presentation, an intense story filled with your own choices and consequences, and top-notch voice acting."
76561198067834656,Recommended,250320,10988739,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,C++hrist0bell,Uhhhh WOW
,Recommended,250320,10988794,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blufuzzyhat,"If yoy never got into the comic series, this game might push you towards it like it did to me; the game itself I really enjoyed.  For me it ran smoothly with little to no bugs. The graphics are very clean and appealing to the eyes with fantastic voices and music.  Its story draws you in, playing as Bigby Wolf, investigating into something more than murder; meeting many of Fambletown's residences on his search for the truth and to bring down the corruption that plagues them all.  Along with bar fights and enough fur to keep one coming back more; I recommend for anyone that wishes to get away from the road well travelled and take a walk with the Wolf.  9/10"
76561198084345840,Recommended,250320,10988975,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Konata Elric,"If you like great character development and extremely engrossing and intriguing storylines, play this game. I assure you, you will not be disappointed. I'm loving this game so much, the amount of in-game choices is great - there's so many options you're basically creating a new game for every other choice you make. Definitely worth the money, if there is a season 2 I'm going to buy it no matter what."
,Recommended,250320,10989233,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,yOUNG tHUG,"buy this game or naw? YEA.Having played and loved Telltale's previous title take on ""The Walking Dead"", I was almost 100% sure I would really like this comic book to video game adaptation. It basically takes all of the fables we know from our childhood (Big Bad Wolf, Snow White, Beauty & The Beast, The Little Mermaid, and The Woodsman to name a few.) and shows them trying to live in a modern day urban fictional New York setting called Fabletown where they do so by using these witch craft trinkets called ""Glamours""  to make them appear to be human if they already aren't to prevent making it apparent to the Mundies (regular humans) that they live amongst them. You play as Bigby (The Big Bad Wolf), the sheriff of Fabletown and are tasked with keeping (or at least you try to depending on your choice of play style) the peace and justice in the community of Fabletown, whether it be certain fables not using their glamours to blend in, to domestic violence and so on without spoiling anything (yes, it gets pretty violent pretty quickly). The story is a strong point in this game. There were little to no holes that I was able to come across in the overall story thus far because everything was so tightly woven in such a tasteful manner that I couldn't help but really genuinely enjoy the entirety of it. HOWEVER, the main thing that really caught my attention with this game was the artwork and heavy saturation of neon colors that helped it give off that 80s noire vibe. It's got a lot of pinks, blues, purples, and reds in it that help you not only appreciate the story and characters, but also the aesthetic appeal of the environment that the story takes place in (especially if you're a fan of the 80s and anything that has that retro feel to it.) for the duration of the game. The story, characters, art style and color palette all get backed with a retro 80s synth heavy soundtrack that gives it that dark sinister feel all come together and make it a game that belongs in its own category. I highly recommend this game to pretty much anyone who enjoys games and requires oxygen to survive."
76561197977396960,Recommended,250320,11052956,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,%Catname%,"Definitely worth playing, if you can get along with the storytelling in Telltale games. It feels a lot like a TV series or movie, the dialogue is brilliant and you'll find yourself chuckling a bit at it probably too at times.While the controls are not always that great, they also aren't much of a hurdle either.The only thing I really didn't like was, when the timer ran at a kinda awkward speed and I missed two kinda (for me at least) important dialogue options by simply clicking a milisecond too late. Then you sit there and go ""hhhrmpf"" and there is no way to rewind the time a bit, would be a neat feature if you ask me, because It's not always entirely obvious how fast the timer runs, until you look down from the text. So, yeah, imho if you didn't choose anything, inadvertently, you should maybe be allowed to rewind to the last dialogue promp, more could maybe destroy the replay value too much.The characters are refreshingly non-twodimensional for the most part, which is also a big plus.Also pretty sure that these kinds of games, due to the art-style, will stay evergreens for a long time, since they got that comic-look down almost perfectly.Definitely looking forward to the last episode and don't regret getting it."
,Recommended,250320,11053281,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Takwin,"Majorly impressed by this game. I think it might be better than The Walking Dead. SCORE 92/100.Imagine ""The True Story of the Three Little Pigs"" (a cool book my daughter loves) put in a gritty, violent, adult world (or just HBO). There are characters from fables, fairy tales, and fantasy books all mixed together in a post-fantasy, dystopian-ish world. I am hoping this game has many sequels. It's going to be awesome."
,Recommended,250320,11053394,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Ghazarios,"Amazing game, story is so interesting and it's a lot more enjoyable than TWD, which was enjoyable as well."
,Recommended,250320,10997910,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Leon,Just one thing can be said about this game:SUPERB.
,Recommended,250320,10998955,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,<Md>KiiRoz`,"The series of interactive game from Telltales games are very nice so far, This one i picked it up because of the fun from The walking dead the game(i also own SS2 now) really got me an attention to play with. After the 1st episode of the game its really more intense, The characteres, An unexpected events come from nowheres and ready to surprise you right away. If you finding the action mysterious detective fantasy game This one really spot you out."
,Recommended,250320,10982677,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,i giveth the plums,First 4 chapters in one sitting. It's good.
76561197971878112,Recommended,250320,11002800,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,BigStrongMike,"A point-and-click noir.Superb dialogue and voice acting with great cell shaded everything.I have not read the comics but after playing this game(for about 10 minutes) my inner child comic collector is kicking me in the nuts and telling me life isn't fair because he can't own the collection.My only complaint is this; There is no difficulty to this game outside of not being dextrous enough to you use the wsad fps style controls and a mouse at the same time...but that has more to do with the type of game and not really a flaw of the game itself.So if you like your stories dark, and your games casual pick this game up. If you get it on sale for under 10$ remember that's the cost of 2 comic books nowadays. And you cant interact with those without bringing the value down."
,Recommended,250320,11039142,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,JNSMSR,Best.
76561198031248721,Recommended,250320,11039424,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,StephenBased,Excellent story and great art direction. What more can I say?
,Recommended,250320,13484824,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,PopArtSuicides,"Did I Enjoy it: YesWas It A Good Game: YesThis is my first foray into a Tell Tale game. It essentially feels like an interactive movie more than a traditional game, but I'm not complaining.The graphics are spot-on for what they set out to achieve, making it feel very much like you're playing in an actual comic. The characters are vivid and realistic, and every choice feels like it matters. The music and ambient nosie adds to the atmosphere, all of blending together into an immersive and engaging experience."
,Recommended,250320,13485095,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,kbnonnaihr,"Gameplay like Heavy Rain, graphics like Borderlands, story similar to Once Upon A Time. It's absolutely amazing"
76561198039779428,Recommended,250320,13488456,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Morgoth,"Telltale's Adventure game series are always fun. They have some semblance of replability and are overall decent stories. Recommended, definitely and hey if you like the series - why not support it by picking up an issue. It's an amazing read and definitely well worth it with twists and turns like you won't believe. Great comic, good game, great story."
,Recommended,250320,13489165,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CyPrinZe®,another quality game and storyline from telltale games..
76561197996926554,Recommended,250320,13183691,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,hamdium,Simply one of the best adventure games I have ever played. Its not a puzzle game like most adventure games but more a interactive story.
,Recommended,250320,13473523,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Daddy Fat Stacks,"Gripping story, had me sitting on the edge of my seat."
76561198052291034,Recommended,250320,13528248,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Arco (Azaiel),"Absolutely brilliant interactive novel.If you are expecting a standard graphic adventure with puzzles, you will probably be disappointed. However, if you want a superb story, with really engaging characters, vibrant dialogues and sublime art direction, ""The wolf among us"" is for you.Perhaps there are too many Quick Time Events (QTE) for my personal taste, but I didn't find them intrusive and I have enjoyed this incredible novel every single hour I have played it.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,250320,13530544,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Gyme,"Very interesting take on some well-known fairytale characters. Tons of dialogue and action choices to affect the storyline. Be a jerk, be a nice guy, either way, you're THE mother-effing wolf."
76561198009737481,Recommended,250320,13530799,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Theylon Raypeters,"You play as Bigby ""the big bad wolf"" in current days, outside of the fairy tales.    If that confuses you in this point and click adventure type game...then you'll need to play it to understand.   Not wanting to give anything away... its worth the price with the sales going on it right now...you'll definately get your moneys worth (though 30 bucks is a bit much).    Definately makes you want to be interested in the Comics..."
76561197970389552,Recommended,250320,13513066,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,A Naked Hobo.,A short but extremely well written adventure game. Well worth a play through.
76561198069621907,Recommended,250320,13514456,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Abdullahi,Amazing and immersive story.
,Recommended,250320,13516343,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,L.O.G,They must not screw up with season II10/10
,Recommended,250320,13517956,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TheGumpSquad,shared an apartment with a pig10/10
76561198088292457,Recommended,250320,13518224,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Explosive Sushi,Amazing game. Loved every second of it. Playing it through a second time to see how other choices change it for me. Cant recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,250320,13337810,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,diator,"Not much to play, more like a tv series. That is what I like about this game. Bring the popcorn and start palying."
76561197992761088,Recommended,250320,13339039,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,JiggaWatts,Tell Tale Games have out done themselves with The Wolf Among Us.  From the story to the characters and all inbetween this game is a shinning example on how to tell a story.
76561197994320205,Recommended,250320,13340152,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Aramis Anek,"It is a great game but personally I think it is more of a story telling media rather and an adventure game. Compare to The Walking Dead, the decisions made in this game really do not matter much to the story. However, the characters in the game are very well written and I do feel their feelings as the story progresses. One thing I have to say is this model is starting to get repetitive. First Telltale's game was a novelty, an invention. But after 4-5 titles with similar style overall, now it's getting bland. I haven't tried the Game of Thrones yet because I have not finished reading the books. But I do hope Telltale can think of something new. I really love this studio."
,Recommended,250320,13342169,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mekinar,This game is awesome and there are so many different choices you can make to build up the character of Bigby Wolf. The fights scenes along with everything else is spot on.
76561198005858800,Recommended,250320,13342208,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,DV,"One of the best games I have ever played, hands down. Truly excellent, if a little short."
,Recommended,250320,13343671,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Reo,That ending. Seriously.A brilliant game if you're in it for the story.
,Recommended,250320,12024545,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,InsidiousLoyalist,It's good.
76561198030778422,Recommended,250320,12027013,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Frankerpulten,"I really loved this game, and I played through the first season in two days because I was so taken in. The art, the voice acting, the characters were all great.However, I'm pretty disappointed in the helpless sex worker gets murdered storyline. Do we really need another story that paints sex workers as fallen victims with no agency?  I'm hoping that the next season has a storyline that is less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to women. Also, everyone was white. >:|   there are plenty of non-white fairy tale characters to choose from telltale."
,Recommended,250320,12027115,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Windy Chieftain,"I'm an avid fan of the comic books, and this game certainly does them justice. I kind of wish more characters from the series were included, but seeing how The Wolf Among Us is following a multi-season format this problem will almost assuredly be rectified in future games.If you enjoyed The Walking Dead, or are a fan of story driven games in general, you should check it out."
,Recommended,250320,12041358,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,MCXL,Sometimes it pays to be a big bad wolf.This is one of those times.
76561197963176342,Recommended,250320,7905548,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,.asura,"Yessss. Great game. Beautiful, well written, great voice acting. You'll be hooked after the first episode."
,Recommended,250320,12031210,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Knightfox,"Absolutely amazing. I seldom write reviews but wow this game deserves one so bad. I will recommend this to all of my friends, it's just that good. A strong, plot driven game with a sense of the noir. Mystery, intrigue, and disception. Please, for the love of god play this game!"
76561198004377585,Recommended,250320,12058814,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Murdock,"I've been addicted at the beggining of the first scene...this game is the perfect balance between video games and movies. The story, the music and the graphic of the game, the concept, the mood and the characters, I can't go tired of playing it, again and again, and still after 5 times running it, I find everything new in each episode.Bravo, can't wait for the second season."
76561198090569948,Recommended,250320,12059411,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Venom2Ldr,"Game started out slow, but it really picked and turned out to be GREAT!"
76561198068430673,Recommended,250320,11254474,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Poogers555,"Super Original, Gripping Story. 10/10"
76561198100957199,Recommended,250320,11264863,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,sf1219e,omg if you like mystery game this is your game.
76561198089688973,Recommended,250320,11264936,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,nicowanderer,"Absolutely fun to play with an enthralling story, and beautiful pop noir graphics. The characters are rather well fleshed out, especially given the length of the game. It's as addicting and fun as a good television series or novel. The gameplay isn't exactly hard, and it plays more like an interactive story book than a true game, but the story itself and your ability to shape it through your choices and actions are definitely the reason to play it not just once, but two or three times."
,Recommended,250320,11265110,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Theanine,"The Wolf Among Us is yet another masterpiece from Telltale Games. I enjoyed this game so much more than The Walking Dead (which I also thought was really good). The pace of The Wolf Among Us is much faster, and there is never a dull moment where the story seems to drag on. Something interesting is always happening.What I loved the most about The Wolf Among Us is  how incredibly well the characters are written. They are all fictional fairy tale characters, yet the writers managed to make them far more relateable and ""human"" than many of the ""actually human"" characters in other story-based games I've played. I found myself really rooting for most of the characters, even the ones that were total jerks at times. Telltale really succeeded in making their struggles feel like YOUR struggles. I feel totally enchanted by the universe of the game, and the characters within it, so much so that I'm now likely going to start reading the Fables comic.Of course, I can't review this game without mentioning the amazing visuals. Boy is this game beautifully stylish. The developers called The Wolf Among Us ""sexy"" and they weren't kidding. The scenery in this game is just jawdropping, and I found myself frequently stopping just to admire even the simplest of props. The phenomenal art direction really succeeds in immersing the player in a comic book world. I should also mention that the soundtrack is fantastic as well. Even just the simple ambient loops playing while you're exploring a crime scene are really catchy.For these reasons, I recommend The Wolf Among Us wholeheartedly!P.S. I was never a huge fan of point-and-click adventure games before I started playing Telltale's offerings. Even if you never liked that genre, I advise you to give their games a shot. You might be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,250320,11266324,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,LEET RAGE,"The 'Wolf Among Us' is another fantastic ""Story"" based game using the same game mechanics as ""The Walking Dead"". Telltale games has really done well here. If you want to play a game where you actually get to sit back and enjoy a soda / coffee / beer and get to be interactive with a movie, then this is for you. As an aging gamer (I used to program on a COCO II in 1982), I totally can appeciate this style of play. 2 Thumbs up, 5/5, 10/10, 5 stars - whatever your rating system, this game is the bees knees."
,Recommended,250320,11266350,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,michelin man,"Amazing game with a remarkable story, fun action scenes. I personally love this game so much."
,Recommended,250320,11266459,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,elijah ♚,im telletaling you to get this gameeee hahahahaha.
,Recommended,250320,11266605,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ross,[He won't remember this.]
,Recommended,250320,11266653,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Mundane,Wow.
76561198055759053,Recommended,250320,11266940,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,LethalJinx,"THIS GAME MADE ME SO MAD, it's one of the best games I've played in a long time, and I love it to death. That being said, it left on a huge cliffhager and I NEED THE NEXT GAME NOW. It is super addicting and it's simply cruel to release the first game on such a cliffhanger. You're evil people telltale. And I love you all."
,Recommended,250320,11267537,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,cpgrungebob,"For a Telltale game, this is better than The Walking Dead: Season 1 game. I finished the whole game and 100% achievement in 9.5 hours. I'll be buying the next game when it is released...meaning this story continues like The Walking Dead Telltale game.9/10 for me."
,Recommended,250320,11268202,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Bot Taco,"Beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a guy in the first 5 minutes....do i need to say anything else go buy this game, stop looking at reviews and play it already 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,10969391,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,hurricane d3m,"It's like the dirty, mature, pegi 18 version of The Avengers mixed with Zodiac, just with fable creatures/characters.Can't get enough of it. A must get for everyone who's looking for a really creative and and thrilling storyline."
,Recommended,250320,10970463,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Slippery Gypsy,"So hard to review this without saying spoilers, but if you see this on sale, buy it.Same style as the walking dead series but with far more comedy and a really cool quick time system."
,Recommended,250320,10971298,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Spo0kzilla,Like fairytales? Like dark twists? Love telltale games? This game is right for you.
,Recommended,250320,10973095,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Naughtius_Maximus,"Simply Amazing.If you're a fan of Fables and Vertigo comic books, this is like living them."
76561198070834080,Recommended,250320,10973972,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,93haque,"Imagine Once Upon A Time, add HBO level ""grittiness"" then mix with a generous helping of Telltales' guilt based gameplay."
,Recommended,250320,10975190,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Relaxed Paul Gaming,"This game is all about making decisions and participating in conversations to develop and tell a story. In my opinion, it done really well. Being that Telltale is the one behind the game, there are elements presents from all the games that they have made that follows the formula present in this one."
,Recommended,250320,10975312,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,frisky dingus,Amazing.  Can't wait for Episode 5 and Season 2
,Recommended,250320,10975544,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Yorutamashi,"I haven't been this thrilled since The Red Wedding omg!!!Haven't finished yet, but so far i can't even think of any other game...100% recommended, even at full price!"
76561198029369101,Recommended,250320,10976902,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Potato Shark,There just isn't a reason not to like this game.12/10
76561198012326626,Recommended,250320,10977329,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Razni,"Love it. Even though it's more like you're watching a movie in which you can choose what the main character do and reacts, it still never feels like it. Also it has crime solving elements which is always awesome. Storywise so far (I'm at chapter 3 when I'm writing this review) is fantastic, and the voice acting and general mood in the game is perfect. If you liked Heavy Rain, you will love this, and if you didn't, you probably will love it still. Brilliant, just brilliant."
76561197965594742,Recommended,250320,10978149,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BeyondZeGrave,Big Bad Wolf Simulator 201410/10
,Recommended,250320,10979116,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ＳＨＬＥＤＮＯＤ,One of the best games I´ve ever played!!GO BUY IT NOWeven if you already own it :D
,Recommended,250320,10979866,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jon_1renicus,I'm standing here talking to a three foot tall toad wearing a sweater.
,Recommended,250320,10980034,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,sherlock007,"This is not a game, this is a interactive story where the outcome depends on the decision you take,the way you respond,or by simply staying silent. Telltale games did a wondeful job with the story.It is defenitely worth buying."
76561198118181217,Recommended,250320,10980734,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[adilassi],AWESOME GAME!!! =D NOT MUCH TO SAY. LIKE DISNEY? DO YOU WANNA TAKE THIS TO A NEW LVL? THEN BUY THIS GAME AND...  =D
,Recommended,250320,10980760,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Yama,LOL I AM A GOD
,Recommended,250320,11290357,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,NK,"To all The Walking Dead lovers! That game is absolutely quaint in its plot: fantastic ""fable"" idea,a lot of action and...u still need to choose the way to go.!"
,Recommended,250320,11291594,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,iddqd,Beautiful game with a great story.My only criticism would be that there was not much point in having the inventory. There were no puzzles involving using items on other contextual objects in the game - something I enjoyed in The Walking Dead.Lack of puzzles in the game made it feel more like a dialogue simulator with some button-prompts thrown in for action scenes.Everything else was very well done though!
,Recommended,250320,11292036,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Deadeye Duncan,"Few games are as immersing as Telltale's ""The Wolf Among Us."" Attention to small detail, a vibrant color pallette, exciting and at times chill-inducing music, as well as relatively tight detective-style story-telling all come together to make this an instant classic for adult players."
76561198062432395,Recommended,250320,11292237,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,jamesmann3,"Just fantastic. So interesting and eye-catching. I only wish it were longer! Good job, Telltale. Can't wait for season 2."
,Recommended,250320,11210666,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,BarkingFish,"The spritual successor to the walking dead released by teltale previously, I highly recommend this. Theyve finally nailed a real noir comic vibe, with a wicked plot to boot. Cant wait til it doesnt crash as frequently on yosemite."
,Recommended,250320,11210755,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,getmedieval,This is a really enjoyable story. Very well written and a good test of morality. Definatly worth a buy.
,Recommended,250320,11210769,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,FoeApple,"As a fan of the comic book much before the games release I would say going into it i had high hopes and assumptions that this game would be rock solid and hit every level of happiness in my books.Not only did it fully blow me away with an amazingly rock solid story but it also kept me on my toes and made me think hard about characters that I loved and look at them in a different light. The music was alright but suited its environment well enough, nothing I would say would be not worthy to go download but very much puts you in the moment. The graphics are dead on and fit a what a fable game should be, it took a comic feel and gave it the serious tone that was need for the game. I truely liked how i was in control of Big B, I felt a connection with the character right away and he grew on me. I felt how hard it was to walk in his shoes and when things got stressful it hit you.I did however have a few minor notes that aren't even worth mentioning but will anyway. I wish there were steam cards. I need there to be a sequel. I feel more explanation should have been given for some characters origin in the character descriptions. Tiny things but I have to put in my two cents.The game hit every great note that I had for it in my mental check notes and has great play back value. You will get immersed in the game and want every second of the story you can take, as well as fall in love with the cast of characters as well as Big B. Get it and you won't be disappointed. In fact I hope that even after you get the game you go out and purchase the comics and help support great comics and video games alike.10/10"
76561198002888717,Recommended,250320,11211042,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Trylobits,The story and the characters are the strong points of this game. Would very much recommend this game to anyone looking to immerse in this fantasy world
,Recommended,250320,11211070,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,crippled chair,"One of the most imersive and spectacular games ive played in a long time, both the unique story and the realistic grime of the game really makes for a beautiful visual and imersive playing experience.Masterpiece.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,11211226,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Sean Arnold,Buy It.
,Recommended,250320,11211246,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Bolin,Intense storyline that really reals you in.
76561198035495698,Recommended,250320,11211534,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Hawk,"Im not  a critic, but in my opinion the game was really fun. The story was extremely entertaining and kept me hooked through out the entire game. the mechanics were good, but there were a few glitches that needed abit of polish. all in all I would consider this one of my favorite games!"
,Recommended,250320,11212426,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,RoboticNerdface,"I got this game on a whim knowing absolutly nothing about it because of a suggestion from a friend. at first i figured i would never play it, but after a long day with nothing to do, i decided to try it out. after completing the fist episode, i knew i was hooked! the story line was creative and unique and the art style is revolutionary. the portrayale of the characters was done very well and the fact that what you choose determines where the story goes, it is simply amazing! this is literally my new favorite game, and its basically a new game every time you play it so it doesnt get old! i really really hope they come out wih another season though, i will be so heartbroken if it just ends! in my opinion, it is definatly worth however much it costs, and there is not one single shred of my being that regrets purchasing this game."
,Recommended,250320,11212586,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Rooster,Howl for The Wolf Among Us. Just get this game and start playing it. You won't regret any minute and you'll only feel sad when you get to the end.
,Recommended,250320,11212645,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Zi-El,"Awesome game, very good story line"
,Recommended,250320,11213061,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ac429,"Great game! Amazing story!  I'm really impressed with the dialogue!  The tone is great, and the game does a good job of presenting itself sincerely.  The gameplay itself is a lot like Heavy Rain or Indigo Prophecy, so if you're looking to scratch that kind of an itch, this is definitely a good buy!I'm only through the first episode so far, but I already feel like I must recommend this game!  I regret buying this game on sale, because the folks who made this game deserves every dollar they get. =)"
76561198025293846,Recommended,250320,11213396,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,loppantorkel,"I liked it and recommend it.The gameplay is as good as it gets in these kind of games. It's not very long, 7 hours for one playthrough, but almost all story and given the quality of the production - in all aspects, it's easily recommendable."
,Recommended,250320,11213624,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Inflamous,"Less of a game, more of an interactive comic book. But it's still one of the best goddamn games I've ever played. Buy it, love it, lament that there's not more of it."
,Recommended,250320,11214411,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,grantschulz493,"Great writing, mostly true to Fables and good story. If you enjoy Fables 100% pick it up."
76561198011925615,Recommended,250320,11214815,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Ray,"Eventhough not a classical 'adventure' game, but 'The Wolf Among Us' delivers a high-level entertainment experience. The story is intresting and the player choices affecting the final outcome is a nice touch. Bigby is an intresting protagonist and the noir/detective theme really add to the mood. Can't wait for Season 2."
,Recommended,250320,11214971,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Crisis,"Forget it, Bigby. It's Fabletown."
,Recommended,250320,11215047,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,LostInSpice,Absolutely terriffic. I loved every moment.I found the dialogue to b exceptionally written. Gameplay mechanics shift in relation to the story.Do games have directors? If they do this one deserves an Academy Award.
,Recommended,250320,11215849,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,CommanderAd | 1805 |,"It's not often I find myself playing games where your working as the law, but the story really motivated me to continue playing each episode. If you like games which take you on a wild ride with gripping tales to tell then this is for you. If not then keep playing your scripted CoD games"
,Recommended,250320,11199416,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Bastwood,"Telltale Games have been transforming their adventure games from puzzle-driven affairs into more cinematic experiences with the recent success of the Walking Dead series. While I felt that Walking Dead season one started a bit slow and took a couple of episodes to hit its stride, it eventually become one of my favorite games of 2012 and a wonderful example of episodic storytelling in videogames.My expectations were naturally high going into Telltale's next big thing, The Wolf Among Us - also a comic book adaptation with an independent storyline. Having never read the Fables comics, the initial setup - fairytale characters living in semi-modern-day New York City with the Big Bad ""Bigby"" Wolf as their marshall and protector, solving crimes and bustin' crooks - seemed a bit too high-falootin' for me.As it turns out, it is hard to construct a compelling detective story in a fantasy world where the rules of reality can be broken and bent when necessary. The story of the series kicked off strong with an intriguing mystery laid out in episode one, but in subsequent episodes the mystery got more and more diluted and uninteresting while the good guy/bad guy conflict between Bigby's past and present was brought into the limelight and questions of morality and ethics started to pop up more and more.However, since the player is free to make up at least some of the big decisions in the game, my Bigby wolf didn't have an ""inner conflict"" or much of a moral code at all. If anyone gave me crap, I just chose to rip their heads off. And the game doesn't really punish you for that. Characters would harshly criticize Bigby's actions, but eventually without any consequences - after all, the show had to go on and continuity had to be preserved, both in the game and in the comics. I personally felt that my antics pushed me way beyond the point of redemption, but after all was said and done the game gave me a free pass anyhow and my slate was wiped clean.I hope that Telltale can someday work within a world of their own creation instead of spinning tales inside existing ones. Anyhow, The Wolf Among Us is good enough to be worth trying out. You might like it. But I doubt you'll love it."
,Recommended,250320,7365136,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,PrO-_ToNy,This game has got a lot of action and suspense. Great story line too.
76561198027674944,Recommended,250320,18062507,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,>>> Stuckski,I like the 80s hardboiled Noir style of the game almost more than I like the ongoing comic series. Reminds me of why I loved the first few volumes of Fables so much.
76561198020983491,Recommended,250320,18077691,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Specialist in Tenure,fun sedation
76561197970927915,Recommended,250320,18077973,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Variant,"The Wolf Among Us is your classic ""who done it"" murder mystery. The game takes place in a world where certain characters from your childhood story are brought to life as real people living in a mundane world. As the appointed sheriff of Fabletown, your job is to solve the gruesome death of local fables and bring the perpetrator(s) to justice. The lines between good and bad are blurred. Your decisions carry weight throughout the game. Although not as suspenseful as Telltale Games' The Walking Dead, this game is still worth a playthrough once or twice (good cop/bad cop, especially if you want to unlock all the achievements). Note: In Ep. 4, at the pawn shop, you'll want to look the empty display case last since it is the trigger for the next set of events. Overall: 9/10"
76561198133503330,Recommended,250320,18078116,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ᚫᚱᚱᚫᛞᛟᚾ,"this game really threw me through a loop several times, my only problem is now i need to go find the comics."
76561198084388497,Recommended,250320,18270916,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,pacmanomnommy,This is seriously my favorite telltale game.  =]
,Recommended,250320,13020686,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,int | bada,My only regret is finishing it so quickly. Fun game with a great story.
,Recommended,250320,16842593,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,HGArchis,"Rating: 9/10After having played The Walking Dead (Season 1), I believed that Telltale Games has the potential of delivering excellent, story-driven adventure games. And boy did they impress me with this one! The game is based on an alternate take on famous fairytale characters like Snow White, The Woodcutter, The Beauty & The Beast, Tiny Tim and so on - And on how they leave the fable world and enter the ""mundane"" world, appearing like normal people using a spell called Glamour. You play as the sheriff who maintains order in the game world and goes by the name of Bigby Wolf (Who is a total badass). The whole plotline makes use of the premise brilliantly, and the voice acting is spot on. So in its entirety, the game is like an interactive film you'd want to play again and again, wanting to see how the story pans out if you behave differently. So yes, it would be foolish of me to not recommend this game!"
,Recommended,250320,18101359,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,mike,"Oh man this game. I'd be so happy if Telltale forgot about all their other projects and just developed season after season of this instead.I'm so happy that 'choose your own adventure' type stories have made their way from book to game, and Telltale is really doing it well. Love the story... this game narrowly beats out Heavy Rain as my favorite single-player game of all time because it's so fun to play as the Sheriff."
76561198041119609,Recommended,250320,18156239,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sweetie ViaPony,"It's very much a telltale game.  If you've ever played any over them, well...  Let's say they aren't innovating anything here.  Doesn't mean it's bad though.  I very much liked the setting of this one.  If you enjoy making decisions that don't matter in the end, come make some here."
,Recommended,250320,18143062,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Migi,Yes.
,Not Recommended,250320,18161570,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,BOT Bradley,"I know this game is well loved by the community, but it's very difficult for me to recommend it to anyone. For the record, I loved this game for the first couple hours, but then it really started to wane on me. This will be a spoiler free review, but I have to tell you, the ending is incredibly unfulfilling. I really, really enjoyed the first couple episodes, I loved the world, I loved the dialogue, I loved the neo-noir mystery, and the writing is top-notch for the most part. However it seems like they wrote the story without any knowledge of how they wanted it to end. The ending feels rushed and undeserved, and by the end of it all (especially when you start a second playthrough), you realize that many of the choices you made, which seemed important at the time, were actually of little consequence to the overall story, and may have slightly altered the dialogue only a little bit. This is essentially a linear point and click game which is disguised by the illusion of choice. While all of the production values are there - voice acting, art style, atmosphere and soundtrack, I can confidently say that if you like other Telltale Games, you'll probably like this one more than some of the others. I on the other hand require a more substantial and satisfying story. Would recommend only to fans of the genre, but definitely not for me."
,Recommended,250320,18162061,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,"Didn't enjoy it as much as The Walking Dead telltale games, but still kept me going. Needed a bit of reading up to understand the ending."
,Recommended,250320,18184760,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,|R|E|D|,GOOD GAME  10/10   I WANT MOOOAR !
,Recommended,250320,18162666,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Darth Juna,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,250320,18163968,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Series Of Beeps,"Ehh... I was a big fan of Telltale's work on the Sam and Max games, and came into this with high hopes. Graphically, the game is interesting to look at, and overall the story feels decent. The problems I run into with it...1. Gameplay is twitchy and unreliable. A known bug with the game is simply ""You can't see the ending,"" which can only be 'fixed' by reloading the game over and over until you get it to work.2. It falls into the category of ""We're trying to make branching storylines but not really"" choose-your-own adventurism. You're given 2-3 choices which usually mostly determine which of the locations you visit first. Some variations on the story occur depending on which you choose, but inevitably they have the same overall outcome for the main plot - Maybe you saved someone's life, maybe you didn't, but you'll always end up chasing the bad guy down an alley."
76561198028877554,Recommended,250320,18104360,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Clock86,"I give this game a 6/8.Granted, a more in-depth breakdown would put its story and narrative at 8/8. The choice-based interaction of the player with the action and script would also be a 8/8.So why not an overall 8/8? It is most definitely an adult game, as the content is most undeniably R. As far as a ""clean"" game goes, it would be 1/8. Not just from violence, but also nudity and the like. However, it manages to stay within the context of its content. Though offensive and probably not recommended to most, I found the story absolutely fitting for what the game was aiming for. And the mechanics behind the choice-base interaction were so beautifully done, I--personally-- hold this game as one of the best.TellTale games has done it yet again."
,Recommended,250320,18148899,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Lysfen,"One of my favourite games of all times. Drawn in by the story, enchanted by the art style and the incredible characters. Love the world, love the atmosphere. This is a ""True Detective"" style crime drama made interactive and thus even more griping. Now I have to check out all the other Telltale games."
76561198040534899,Recommended,250320,11138824,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Frosty,"OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS FINISHED, AND HALF OFF, BUY IT NOW ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING"
,Recommended,250320,18188210,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,{ChickeNSh!tJoStar},Great gameplay and story telling.
76561198072182182,Recommended,250320,9274428,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,Fantastic fairytale whodunit!  Eagerly anticipating the next season.
76561198093202956,Recommended,250320,12098066,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,startafire01x,Well written story that will keep you coming back.
76561198012189830,Recommended,250320,12101293,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Nomgry™,HIghly reccomend this game...... Amazing story and it is well done all the way trhough from start to end!
76561198089726001,Recommended,250320,12076315,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,FusionAlch3mist,A great game from an outstanding company. This game kept me enticed until the end and had me waiting at the computer for the day the new chapters were released. The game helped to draw me in to the amazing world of the Fables and the characters caused me to actualy feel for the situation. I think everybody should at least give this game a shot.
76561198055952041,Recommended,250320,11923059,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Clementine's Protector,"It's a really good game, not as good as the other Telltale games in my opinion but it is still good."
,Recommended,250320,11925179,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,nevangelko,"Intense, rich storyline and superb characters.The last two episodes, felt a bit rushed but had quite the moments to compensate and i am very satisfied overall of the quality of this game. Really looking foward to a season 2 now :D"
,Recommended,250320,11925501,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,thedeadjay,GET IT NOW
,Recommended,250320,9368434,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,De-Pippin Ain't Easy,Absolutely a good game. Telltale is worthy of my children.
76561198107768351,Recommended,250320,9371732,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Korde,The Wolf Among us has an incredible story line and the art work is fantastic. I would recommend this game for anyone who enjoys story driven games and visually appealing graphics.
,Recommended,250320,9375671,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Messy_Cat,This game is for Telltale fanatics and story lovers alike. This story is second only to The Walking Dead games. Some animations are a little wonky but it's still very immersive.
76561198030781984,Recommended,250320,21368912,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Magisnik,"This is a game, that will have you always question your decision! An EPIC tale that shows us that everything is not black and white and that some times, the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. This game won me over for the futer games fome TTG!"
,Recommended,250320,12491835,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Snippets,"As expected, a great game from Telltale games. I bought it after i played The walking dead (1+2) because I was really hyped for TTG. Well, i can say i don't regret bying it because I enjoyed every single minute playing it.As Bigby, the big bad wolf you are a ""detective"" in fabletown, where are the fables you know from you childhood live.When a mysterious murder happens the game actually begins and it's getting hotter and hotter.Even the ""introduction"" of this game gets you hyped as fk.Point and click game awesome done and really enjoying.Well played TTG, well played.9,5/10"
,Recommended,250320,21359671,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,beccav,Such an amazing game! Storyline and art style make this into a truely enjoyable game =D
,Recommended,250320,11366035,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,"Robopope, the Robot Pope",Probably the best out of Telltale's serious games so far.
,Recommended,250320,11367190,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Super Muffin,"As much as I like The Walking Dead, Telltale's design fits much better for a game like The Wolf Among Us.Interesting story, great characters, and a great visual translation of the comics."
,Recommended,250320,11368087,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ScareyCarey,"I never write reviews, but god, this game deserves one! From its fully realised cast, to its gorgeous art style and unique setting, this game kept me on the edge of my seat right until its epic finale. 10/10 would punch again."
76561198018661534,Recommended,250320,7425397,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Velasco Calavera,"After playing through the final episode I can tell you that Telltale has pulled It off again. ""The Wolf Among Us"" portrays an accurate representation of the Fables universe from the graphic novel series and keeps you hooked till the very end. Just like Telltale's ""The Walking Dead""series a combination of interesting plot, intense characters and some weighty decision mixed in, makes this a classic Telltale experience we've come to know and love.However what sets this apart from ""The Walking Dead"" is the setting, with everyone in Fabletown being just that- a fable - they all have alternate versions of themselves they must hide from everyday society via the means of glamors  - spells which make them appear normal - However they can change back at anytime should things get messy.You play as Bigby's Wolf's the big bad wolf turned good. As Sheriff of Fabletown and It's up to you to crack the case on a murder victim (My lips are sealed) and restore peace to Fabletown and prove you've changed your ways for good.... or not If you so choose to do so.In conclusion I would highly recommend The Wolf Among Us - being someone who enjoys reading the graphic novels I believe that Telltale has captured the Fables universe and it's inhabitants very well  and believe it is definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,250320,11369672,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ginorickshawx,This game is great for players looking for a good story where you decide how it plays out
,Recommended,250320,11340131,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,adam_0,"A fantastic game! Very graphic and dark, but the game tugs at the player's emotions as well as The Walking Dead. Telltale's done it again!"
,Recommended,250320,11340509,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Slid Slippery,"Another great game by Telltale. It takes place before the graphic novels so there is no spoliers if you plan on reading them. Better than Telltales The Walking Dead (season one, havent played two yet) in my opinon. Highly recomended."
76561198024567719,Recommended,250320,11340522,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Dr Sinz,This game is just amazing. It is very different and quite intense.
76561198116130230,Recommended,250320,11341216,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,hanpire,"The Wolf Among Us has an interesting story line and kept me entertained for hours. As the game is based on decisions the player makes, the game changes as it's played. I just finished my first run through the story and I've realized the consequences for even the smallest of actions. The story itself is good, but could be better. It starts with a compelling mystery, but some storylines seem to fade out. Overall, I'd recommend The Wolf Among Us to any players interested in point and clicks, dark mysteries or fables."
76561198065835974,Recommended,250320,11341506,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,D3viantAssassin,"This game is a masterpiece, I have nothing else to say really."
76561198039155850,Recommended,250320,11341862,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,D35tr0y3r,"This game is incredibly addictive. The characters are memorable and I was quite impressed with how each of the character's fairy tails (backstories) are referenced to in the plot. After playing the first chapter of this game I became submerged in the storyline. Everything from the first chapter's insane ending to the fifth chapter's epic battle/conclusion. Having a timer for almost every choice may feel like the game is rushing you, but this mechanic adds to the ""heat of the moment,"" and it works.My only complaint is that towards the end of the fifth chapter the game glitched out and I had to restart the game to continue. No idea why that happened but it wasn't a big problem.On a side note, I hope you don't mind lots of cursing and no small amount of blood. I found that it added to the reality the fairy tail characters have to deal with.I have never been a fan of the big bad wolf until now. I guess he really isn't as bad as people say he is."
,Recommended,250320,11341937,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,kthu1337,Don't think--just buy.
,Recommended,250320,11342419,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Daedalus,"Perhaps the only game I've ever played which actually makes my choices seem like they matter and weren't a clear black and white good/evil thing. Very engrossing story, and incredibly satisfying to play as the Big Bad Wolf for a while."
76561198034516977,Recommended,250320,11343200,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,horrid74,I wasn't familiar with the Fables universe before I playing The Wolf Among Us and had to rectify that deficiency promptly.  Fables takes the familar characters from fairy tales and legend and juxtaposes them into a modern day New York as immigrants following the Adversary's invasion of their imaginary homelands.the Wolf Among Us is equal parts nursery story and gritty film noir murder mystery.  It's a good yarn that stays true to the character's as they were presented in Fables even though I'm having some doubts about where specifically I would place the story in a canon timeline.Having played this game/ interactive novel and The Walking Dead I am really looking forward to Telltale's take on Game of Thrones.
76561198048051177,Recommended,250320,7773746,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,raven72,"A story-based game.   It's a blast to play and if you love Fairytales like I do, then it's fun catching the kool little details, like Huff and Puff cigarettes or the Billy Goats Gruff Tavern, etc...    While it ties in with the graphic novels, you don't need to be savory to the graphic novels nor the fairytale genre to appreciate this crisp storyline."
76561197970509437,Recommended,250320,7774293,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,KidCanada,"I was a big fan of Walking Dead. Got this game for my GF, and she really enjoyed episode 1. Seems like they've refined the decision system a bit and added some more plot branching options. Graphics and voice acting is terrific. Reccomend."
,Recommended,250320,7387712,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Zode,Absolutely riveting storytelling. If you're into interactive fiction this is a must buy.
,Recommended,250320,7383940,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Lummox,"Telltale builds upon their success from The Walking Dead with another game based on a comic book series. Based on Fables, the comic book series where Snow White, Beauty & The Beast, Cinderella etc have fled to the real world. This is a noir detective story where you play as the Big Bad Wolf (or Bigby Wolf).Telltale have done it again with their episodic adventure game formula."
,Recommended,250320,7434027,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Venoix,"Following on from playing The Walking Dead, I was keen to see what Telltale Games would do next. This game certainly doesn't disappoint. While The Wolf Among Us doesn't have flesh eating zombies, there is still a deep set story steeped in melodrama and intrigue.The Fables are a community of individuals that have escaped their fabled settings and have been forced to take up residency in the real ""mundane"" world. Magicked with Glamour that covers their non-human forms, the Fables try to scrape by in the unfamiliar world. In episode 1 we encounter The Big Bad Wolf, Snow White, Beauty, the Beast, one of the Three Little Pigs, and a winged monkey from The Wizard of Oz, to name a few. While the setting seems childish, it is anything but - with regular profanity throughout the dialogue, and gruesome battle sequences. (I even saw bare breasts in the trailer for episode 2)The choices made in the game effect later events, as was with The Walking Dead, and the first episode ends on a cliff hangar, which had me gasping (as was to be expected).Definitely looking forward to more!"
76561198024677132,Recommended,250320,7408622,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Eoc,"Be the Wolf.The world of fairy tales is no more and its inhabitants are now living in New York, trying to cope with life best as they can. Those more human-looking out in the scarcely lit streets, those less in the shadows of skyscrapers and dark alleys. As Sheriff of the district you keep them from killing each other with hard words and hard fists. Usually more of the latter, than the former.Be the Wolf in a big bad flock of sheep.Based on the Gameplay of the award winning The Walking Dead you are investigating, brawling and questioning morality in district ""Fairy Tale"", while hunting and being hunted by a serial killer which seems to be always just one step ahead of you. Leaving corpses of innocents on the waysides left and right, for every one of those steps you waste.Be the Wolf in a big bad flock of sheep, in which no sheep is white but some bigger and even scarier than yourself."
76561197990975501,Recommended,250320,7440034,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Zedych,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ! ! !ждём следующие эпизоды
,Recommended,250320,7587366,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Fresh,"Fans of Telltale's The Walking Dead series will really enjoy this. So far after playing episode one of this game, i'm left speechless. Everything in the game has been spot on, the voice acting, art design, and the story, it's all real good fun. Telltale will leave you stunned, and wanting more as always..."
,Recommended,250320,7551586,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Shak,"So far, it's as good as The Walking Dead.I absolutely adore the artstyle in this game (and in The Walking Dead too), really makes you feel like you're reading the comics.I can't wait for the future episodes."
,Recommended,250320,7420852,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,smogzy,"The start of another great point and click by Telltale. No puzzles are going to tax your brain but the story and moral choices are great. Love the unusual IP with gritty variations on charicters such as beauty and the beast, snow white and grendle. Cant wait for ep 2."
,Recommended,250320,7362428,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Smedly,"When I first saw this game I didn't really think much of it... Mainly since it was based off of the Fables fairytail series... But guys, Buy-This-Game.It definitely lives up to the TellTale story telling from the Walking Dead. The combat is amazing, the feel is amazing, I saw no bugs or graphical glitches/stuttering and the Story... Jesus... Just play this game! You'll love it and it's amazing ending to the first Episode!I personally thought that first episode beat 4 of the 5 Walking Dead Episodes.I'd definitely give this like... a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,7770527,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,InsertValue,"Great start of a new telltale serie. I am a big fan of the Walking Dead game from Telltale so when I saw that a new game has been released within a fiction universe I did not hestitate to give it a try.Although I was not familar with the Fable comics and story before (and I found a few screenshots a bit strange at first glance) I gave it a try based on the great Walking Dead experience.I did not regret my purchase by any means. The story is interesting, voice acting great (english), I like the art style very much, they added a few nice gameplay mechanics for action sequences and the cliffhanger at the end is really great.There are 2 downsides: First the engine is still a mess performance wise. Its better than in the wallking dead but not optimal. Judging on the visuals I do not expect any hickup framerate wise on my machine (running BF4 in Ultra smooth). Its not a big deal but they could have done more here. However its not as worse as the second episode from WD.Secondly I am a bit concerned how real the choices are and if they really matter in the later progress. Its nothing I can judge at the moment but I am a bit concerned based on my prior experience in the WD. I played through WD twice and also talked with a friend about our choices and it showed that no choice really matters. I try one example spoiler free: if you let one character die in WD in favour of the other - the surviving one will fit its part and do almost exactly the same with only some small minor variations. Its still nice to see the variatons but its not really an ""impact"" how the game suggestes it will be.So i hope the choices are more meaningfull in The Wolf Amon Us to increase replay value - but I guess time will tell.So far big recommendation from my side."
,Recommended,250320,7770907,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,cheesyknife,"At the time of this review, only one episode has been released for this wonderful rendition of an already wonderful comic book (Fables). This game is highly-stylized, has innovative controls, and an amazing character set and story to top it off. Telltall games has a way with making you really feel emotion for the characters in their games, and you'll automatically either hate or love Bigby (I love him, personally). So whether or not you've ever read the comic book or not, I would say to play this game, as it is both a prequel to the events in the comic book and an amazing game in itself."
,Recommended,250320,7771913,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Scion,"It's really damn good. In the same graphics style as Back to the Future, but it's way more gritty, with the entire story being told, and potentially altered, with quick-time events."
,Recommended,250320,7367793,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Oloremo,Even better then Walking Dead
,Recommended,250320,7764775,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Smokey P,"Quick ReviewPros:- Revamped quicktime action events are an upgrade from what some called the weakest parts of the Walking Dead- Telltale has picked a cool IP with a lot of potential- Successfully retains Telltale’s critically acclaimed gritty, take no prisoners storytelling- I liked how they changed up their color palettesCons:- There was a little too much “go here, get beat up, now go here;” I’d like to see a little more detective work by our hardboiled protagonistVerdict:I’m eagerly awaiting the  next installments in what promises to be another excellent series from Telltale games.  I give Episode a Gold (Roughly Translates to a 90).See more quick reviews and other gaming articles atGameSmelter.com"
76561198045579915,Recommended,250320,7766374,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Abd_4,If you like decision based / story driven games and you liked one of Telltaills other games. Then you will absolutly love this.only Con: it takes about 2 months for an episode to get released.
,Recommended,250320,7402749,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Nimbus Hilt,Simply amazing voice acting.  It has several turns of events.  Great game worth every penny
,Recommended,250320,7754329,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Red Gull,"Great game , I can't wait for episode 2 to come out"
,Recommended,250320,7754790,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Flying_Hipp0,Overall a nice game with an interesting story that makes you want more of it. The gameplay is simple enough to understand but also sometimes hard enough to make you focus. I really enjoy it and want the other episodes out already because I can tell this game has a lot going for it.
76561198167980415,Recommended,250320,13908348,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,myce4sca,"I never really had high expectations for this game. I just picked it up because it was on sale and I've heard that it has a very good narrative. And yes, this game really has very good narrative... No, scratch that. The narrative is excellent! The story is the meat of this game.In terms of graphics and aesthetics, the game excels in it. It has a comic book feel, which is I guess, what the developers want. I also like the characters, though some of the characters don't get that much character development. You know the good guys and the bad guys, but everyone's not perfect. They may be fairy tale characters, but their characters are very human.The game doesn't get too boring, as the player gets to choose dialog or action a lot, and your choices have consequences. I like it when players get to choose what to do and the game presents the consequences of whatever action is chosen. Only that sometimes, I feel too anxious because of the time limit. The QTE events are also a good change in the gameplay pace.Overall this is an excellent game, especially if you like adventure games and games with great narrative."
,Recommended,250320,13908810,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,『3 R D R A I L』,The ribbon was a lie
76561198067178747,Recommended,250320,13909202,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SweetB92,It's fun
76561198078366413,Recommended,250320,13832943,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Boomer,"Brilliant game, best from telltale in my opinion. Amazing immersive story and offers more options than The Walking Dead or any other title."
76561197993804211,Recommended,250320,13773468,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Elohim,Bigby is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10.
,Recommended,250320,13834047,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Eresken,Paradna hra sice trosku kratsia ale za oplati sa skvele spracovanie este lepsia atmoska paradny soundtrack a hlavne skvela hratelnost a pribeh
76561198099222640,Recommended,250320,13834356,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mcdeigo99,"This game is amazing.Pros:+Great artstyle+Great Characters ( Bigby Wolf is a badass)+Great Dialouge+Interesting twist at the end+Meaningful choicesCons:-QTE's can be really random sometimes, and not give you enough time to react-Telltale said season 2 will not be until mid/late 2016, so there won't be more of this until then :'(Grimm and Once Upon a Time should be jealous.Right now it is my game of the year9.8/10"
,Recommended,250320,13835409,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Greyskies,An amazing adventure game that takes you into the Fables' world. The story is great and keeps you playing to find out what happens next. The look of the game is also very nice and does an excellent job of showing off the characters and environments. Definitely pick this up if you are a fan of Fables or Telltale Games.
,Recommended,250320,13837016,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,KaziAzule,"The Wolf Among Us is a dark take on fairy tale characters and what their lives would be like in our world. The plot is exciting and the gameplay is reminiscent of Heavy Rain and LA Noire. Your decisions affect how the story plays out (though some events are unavoidable) and the characters you interact with have distinct personalities. An overall engaging story mixed with mystery, crime, and fighting elements made The Wolf Among Us a very enjoyable experience for me. I'd easily give it a 4.5/5."
,Recommended,250320,13837381,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,LoveMeツ,"OMG AMAZING. I LOVE COLLIN, THE STRIPPERS (dont ask), AND BIGBY LIKE OMG U WILL LOVE DIS GAME YAAAA."
76561198037657227,Recommended,250320,14393273,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Cat Waffles,No words can do justice on my part to affirm this game's captivating manner.
,Recommended,250320,14395091,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Timecode,"I want more!  Just when I started to really understand the universe it all ended far too quickly!Whilst it exceeded my expetcations, but it was a little on the short side compared with The Walking Dead.The characters had real depth and some of the decisions were tough, but I never felt as torn as I did in The Walking Dead.I wish there was a bit more investigative gameplay.  Episode 2 really stood out, and the last 3 episodes were not as engrossing by comparison which was a shame.  It felt rushed towards the end.Overall I really enjoyed it."
76561198010525301,Recommended,250320,14446594,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,King Kane,"If you enjoy Telltale interactive stories then you need to buy this, 8/10."
,Recommended,250320,14399826,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,KatiieKhaos,"When I first saw some of the trailers and play throughs I didn't think I would like it at all. But boy oh boy was I dead wrong!At first I thought the art style was just horrible but as you play you easily find the charm in it and start to love it, it stands out in a crowd of games that are all trying to look realistic.I loved that when you made desicions it felt like it meant something by saing ""(name) will remember that, even if it didn't have a huge impact on anything it made you think about what you were saying if you wanted to stay in somebodies good books.The timed choice options were nice it made the game flow and be more realistic, in the first scene if you don't pick quick enough Toad says along the lines of ""will you say something your starting to freak me out"", its refreshing from being able to stand there for  minute thinking it through, it keeps you on your toes and forces you to make quick desicions.The plot and the characters help keep you hooked on playing, always making you wonder what will happen next or what else you'll find out about people. And you start caring for characters you never thought you would.I also love the idea of fairy tale characters coming to the real world and having to make it in our world while trying to keep there secret safe. And how adult they all are for fairy tale characters.Also I loved the soundtrack and voice acting was A+++++I would highly recommend to anyone who likes story driven and more mature type games."
,Recommended,250320,14403053,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Gooden Guy,Very dramatic. Beautiful art style.Hard to keep your head in the case...although not for the victim.10/10
76561198022939430,Recommended,250320,14409153,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Heino Hinterseer,- Excellent story- More than a movie
,Recommended,250320,14431518,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Bilbo Swaggins,Amazing
76561198028703033,Recommended,250320,14431902,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,"Åh nej, våde sokker","I ripped off an albino's arm, broke an old man's nose, and killed a ton of glass ladies while in the form of a giant wolf.9.5/10 would break the old man's nose again"
,Recommended,250320,14421904,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,[cwz] kainlane,"Despite the fight scene right in the beginning, it was a little slow to get into. But by Episode 5, oh boy was it great! Excellent writing and acting. The story was really good in kind of a mobster detective way, pretty noir.As far as gameplay, there is less to actually do, besides picking a response, than other telltale games like The Walking Dead. So it made it feel much more like an interactive movie, rather than a game, so keep that in mind. I've played through the story once (and gone back to 100% achievements in certain areas), but I do feel like the story would change quite a bit in the end with a different play tactic. I played as a good cop that cared for people and you could definitely go 180* with that.I should also mention that this game is definitely for adult/mature audiences. There is some nudity, a lot of graphic violence, and a ton of swearing. It fits the story and doesn't seem gratuitous in any way, but not for kids.Highly recommended if you like this style of gameplay, as really anyone that would get this, would get it for the story anyway."
76561198020089347,Recommended,250320,14435249,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,the_provalone,"I have played several TellTale games before, and this is my favorite of the bunch. The noire story, well fleshed out characters, and action setpieces are all top notch. The mystery is a great one, with clues along the way that would point you in the right direction, if only you knew that they were clues in the first place, just as a good mystery should. In short, it's a must buy game that will keep you on the edge of your seat till the end of the last chapter.no, seriously, the last second of the last chapter is hair raising."
,Recommended,250320,14442468,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,eg,Nearly addictive and amazing storyline with decisions that truly change the story. Telltale outdid themselves with this game. 10/10
,Recommended,250320,14442884,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,veXartha,"Review:Let’s get this out of the way first,The Wolf Among Usis one of the most emotionally gripping games of recent memory.  Drawing inspiration and source material from  Bill Willingham'sFablescomic book series, the player assumes the role of Sheriff Bigby Wolf in this point and click adventure.  Bigby is the sheriff of Fabletown, and it seems is working the entire game with the odds stacked against him.  Unlike most instances where a story follows the underdog, Bigby continues to grow on the player as his past connections with the citizens of Fabletown are slowly discovered.  Because of this, Bigby is one of the most likeable characters of recent games to release.  Now, The atmosphere ofThe Wolf Among Usis immediately set by the ambiance of noir-esque music and a visually gripping artstyle right from the first episode.  From the initial moments of the episodic adventure,The Wolf Among Usbegins to build a foundation that separates it from most games of the same genre.  It is tough to find many flaws, if any, in a game likeThe Wolf Among Us.  Any complaints that surfaced during my playthrough only became apparent at rare and few instances.  However, these minor complaints can not come anywhere close to detracting from what I would consider to be one of the more special games to be primarily released in 2014.The Wolf Among Usis one of those games that gives back to the player as much as the player puts in it to becoming invested with the story that it drives to tell.Positives:Compared to other titles released by Telltale Games,The Wolf Among Usconstantly instills a sense of “what if” that drives the player to question if the decision being made is the correct choice..The distinct art style and noir-esque soundtrack work create an atmosphere unlike any other game.There rarely seems to be any filler moments throughout the entire narrative.  This alone is an impressive feat for a five part title.The Wolf Among Usreally stands out amongst the crowd through the complex characters and intriguing world that the story drives.The choices made by the player actually feel as though they carry weight with them.  Often times, the player is faced with split-second decisions that could carry unanticipated consequences with either outcome.  This makes the game feel dynamic and adds to the theme of mystery and uncertainty that the game strives to portray.Negatives:The final two episodes, Episode 4: “In Sheep’s Clothing” and Episode 5: “Cry Wolf,” feel much too short when compared to the other episodes ofThe Wolf Among Us.During the occasional mishap, the camera will provide for a difficult situation in messing the the directions of the controls.  This issue was rare and few, but when it did occur, it took a few moments to become reoriented with what direction each key moved Bigby.Summary:Never before in an episodic game like this have I gone back and played an episode again solely to gain a new perspective on what I could have done differently in my initial playthrough.  However,The Wolf Among Usis not like most other games.  The distinct art direction, memorable soundtrack, and emotionally gripping story all work in such a perfect balance inThe Wolf Among Usthat it is tough to argue that this is anything but developer Telltale Games at their absolute best.  From the very first moments of the game, to the climax in the final Episode,The Wolf Among Usis a near flawless title that should be in the collection of anyone who enjoys not only interactive narratives, but perfectly executed storytelling in gaming as well.Overall Score:9.25 out of 10.0"
76561198164237851,Recommended,250320,14443415,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,DanThaWolf,This tv series game is a must play
76561198065873308,Recommended,250320,13159793,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dat360NoScope @YT,Great game. It is a lot different from Telltales The Walking Dead of course. But in a good way.I like it 9/10
76561198054349634,Recommended,250320,14493190,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,sound of the summer,"It's like an interactive movie, that has a good story to it that changes depending on your choices."
,Recommended,250320,14520503,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,derevirn,"Pros:*Gripping and original story based on the Fables comic*Cinematic presentation*High production value*Good voice actingCons:*The gameplay is quite limited and not very challenging*There is a choice system, but only a small number of choices actually affect the story.*Most of the action/battle sequences are based on QTEs, which is annoying.It's definitely worth playing, if you enjoy this kind of ""interactive movie"" style of game."
,Recommended,250320,14523083,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,troy truelane,fabletown fears the big bad wolf and i like it.
,Recommended,250320,14509743,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Marinarawr,"Addictive to say the least! I had my doubts about whether or not this Telltale game would match up to the Walking Dead game, but those doubts were crushed very quickly. I'm invested in these characters now and I'm impatiently awaiting the release of The Wolf Among Us: Season 2! Honestly, I expect it to be torture to play as the episodes are released, but I don't  think I'll be able to help myself.If you liked the Walking Dead game by Telltale, you'll probably really enjoy this one too."
,Recommended,250320,14511371,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,HA¥TCH,pigs
,Recommended,250320,14549977,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Aco,"This game was good, ¿why?. Because well there it have a  good story, you will remember and on other times you will tell to some characters to ♥♥♥♥ themselves...is jusst..AGH!..If you like a good story, memorable characters and investigation, this is your game"
,Recommended,250320,14554096,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,madmav,"Another excellent game from Telltale..really hooked me after first episode, although, could have been a bit longer.."
,Recommended,250320,14571305,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Waffle,"In all seriousness, this was my favorite game of 2014.  I knew nothing about this game, but decided to just randomly buy it.  I have to say, I love it.  Now, granted, the decisions in this game are nowhere near as crazy as Walking Dead, but this game has a special place in my heart.  I loved the lore so much that I started to read the Fables comics.  The story is well written, the voice acting is superb, and really, there is nothing to complain about.  For people who want action 24/7, look elsewhere.  If you actually want to use your brain, and get immersed in a story, please play this game."
76561198024776977,Recommended,250320,14556039,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Aerawen,mixed...extremely short gameplay.  the last couple of episodes felt rushed.    worth a  look though at $12 - 9.99
,Recommended,250320,14558269,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Roffe,"I was deliberating for a good while about whether to give this game a thumbs up or a thumbs down, but eventually I decided to give it a recommendation based on it’s story and setting alone. The sad truth in, my opinion, is that Telltale’s games would’ve been better if they weren’t games at all, because what they really are movies with QTEs and the occasional dialogue choice that may seem important at the time but thinking about it you realize that the story needs to progress in the same direction either way so in the end it doesn’t really matter if you press X, Y, A or B. There are investigation scenes as well where you walk around freely within the scene trying to solve a puzzle or something but it usually just boils down to performing every available action on every available item until you find the one that progresses the story.Whether you will enjoy a Telltale game or not is almost entirely up to whether you like the setting or not. I find the Fables universe very compelling so I had a good time with this one, unlike The Walking Dead, which I absolutely hated despite having exactly the same gameplay. Therefore my final recommendation will be that you first read up on what the Fables universe is and then decide. If you like it, get the game. If not, stay away from this one because there isn’t a lot to like about the actual gameplay. Not unless you think QTEs is the best thing since sliced bread…"
,Recommended,250320,14565285,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ideal Insomnia,"Finally finished this game. Aaand... I don't even know.This game is set in the world of 'Fables' series and the comics itself hardly deserves it - it is an endless tedious affair that doesn't use fairy tale characters in any imaginative way. Really. That being said, TellTale probably did the best they could with what they had, the overall deisn is great, including unique art-style and fantastic voice acting.The only problem lies with gameplay. This game seires actually started really well, with QTE action scenes and lots of L.A.Noir-like detective stuff going on. Sadly, it gets worse. By the episode 4 the gameplay is like ""cut-scenes and dialogue, some more cut-scenes and dialogue, now use your keyboard to walk for 5 meters and open a door, more cut-scenes"". And what makes it worse is that the dialogue part doesn't really matter either. Whatever choices you make, everything ends up mostly the same with very little difference. Oh well.I don't know. Maybe TellTale should start making visual-novels? Ditch the gameplay entirely but create different routes with defferent endings?P.S.I don't really know whether I really LIKE this game all that much. I would prefer to post my review without any recommendation at all, but that is not possible."
76561198079077001,Recommended,250320,14565334,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Axeocska,Masterpiece
,Recommended,250320,14569527,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,euk,get it
76561198138547334,Recommended,250320,14570467,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ji97,This game is such a great game good storyline and you get to be bigby the big bad wolf i really had a good time with this game punching people for no good reason at all.
,Recommended,250320,14479204,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,TheBoss_9001 - Бог секса и вина,"The Wolf Among Us is one of my favourite gaming experiences of all time. There's clearly no pandering to as wide an audience as possible from Telltale. This is out right a grown up game for someone that wants more narrative than simply emptying another clip into a ragdoll in some generic FPS.The artwork used screams out to the Film Noire fans, creating the perfect atmosphere for the not so happily-ever-after world that the characters inhabit. The music fits perfectly and the opening scene where our (anti)-hero Bigby walks symbolically against the tide of people still raises the hairs on my neck. Telltale has created a neon drenched hell and dragged us down to the ninth circle to solve what at first appears to be simply a gruesome murder, but rarely is anything as it seems. You choose the dialog/personality for Sheriff Bigby Wolf, which if your willing can create an immersive experience where you'll end up being swept away by the various character stories on offer. Personally I think this game is best enjoyed when you try and figure out who the killer is and what was their motive before it is revealed in the final episode. All the clues are there throughout so as long as you're paying attention you can solve the case yourself (there is a chance to feel very smug if you do near the end).It's hard not to talk in too much detail but for a game filled with plot twists and cliffhangers I have to be vague to avoid any accidental spoilers.This is a classic Telltale point and click game but even if that's not your usual cup of tea it is definitley worth your time trying. If you do go down to the Woodlands you might just be in for a surprise...Review Score:3/3 little pig houses blown down"
76561198059272760,Recommended,250320,14482140,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Skooks,"Simply put, this game had an even better story the telltale's The Walking Dead, in my opinion. Dispite the fact I had such high reguards for that game in particular. If your hesitant on buying this game, don't. I got it on sale but feel like I should pay more for it. I would even pay $60 for a sequal if there ever is one."
76561198060673461,Recommended,250320,16905440,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Alien platypus,"Telltale games after releasing the Wolf Among Us : ""Well, we finished our story driven puzzle game set in a unique world, never before used in the video game industry, with amazing characters and opening the possibilities for endless more conspiracies for our noire hero to get caught in. How do we follow it up? Make games based on Borderlands and Minecraft. BRILLIANT !!!""10/10 will wait for season 2 for many more years."
76561198048684329,Recommended,250320,16932921,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Dimension Theorist,An excellent game. My only complaints are that it's too short and the fights are too easy.
,Recommended,250320,16934073,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sknowman,"I played the demo for this game on PS3 at one point because the concept sounded interesting. However, it wasn't for me. The gameplay was nowhere near what I expected.And then the entire series was on sale for cheap on Steam. I decided to purchase it, hoping that it was actually worth it for the story.And WOW did it deliver! I played the entirety of the game (a little over 8 hours) in one day. Whoops. I was completely hooked.Even though a video playthrough could suffice, it is *so* much better to experience this game first-hand. Even though some options presented to the player don't matter for the story very much, they reflect on your personality, which is quite interesting to observe. Moreover, you directly experience guilt or joy as a result.I highly recommend that everyone plays this game at some point, because the story is fantastic! (pun intended)"
76561198157745422,Recommended,250320,16937462,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,simonitro_punk,Excellent game with an engaging story that'll keep you hooked and on the edge of your seat.
,Recommended,250320,16943016,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Valtzy,This game is amazing9/10
76561198004927777,Recommended,250320,16946034,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Shade,"Did you play 'The Walking Dead' season 1 or 2? Did you like it? If you did, this game is definately for you, as it has the same pros and cons.8/10."
,Recommended,250320,16949936,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,dagurinn,One of the more engaging games I have played for a long time.
76561198053302519,Recommended,250320,16952355,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,silentfoxes,"Excellent game: wonderful blend of graphics, story, gameplay and character work.All in all, a game of a rare quality."
,Recommended,250320,16674414,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Milk,"Like with their adaption of The Walking Dead, Telltale once again creates an immensely captivating and enthralling visual novel/point and click hybrid with light (yet satisfying) QTE segments and of course, choices.  In TWAU, your choices matter.Sure, in the grand scheme of things the endings are all along the same lines, but your actions, their effects on the world, characters and your own sense of justice all make a difference throughout the game.  What makes this interesting is that you'll constantly be piecing together mysteries, meaning decisions can fall under both moral and logical umbrellas.If you've played any of the Ace Attorney games (or similar) and found the linear 'safety harness' preventing you from falling too far from the correct train of thoughts irritating, you'll be pleased to know TWAU is not afraid to let you go off the tracks a bit.  For example, I'm considering replaying the game myself simply because I felt I made some poor decisions regarding what to investigate, who to accuse, and so on.The game is VERY linear, although of course scenes can and will play out differently depending on your actions (and you get some opportunities to visit different areas over others in search of clues).  As the game's protagonist, Bigby Wolf, 'you' have a reasonable degree of ways to interpret his character, from a team player to a lone wolf (ha) and anywhere inbetween.My only really complaint with the game that sometimes I felt there were scenes where none of the dialogue options really fitted what I wanted to say, but those times were infrequent and didn't have much of an impact on my enjoyment or immersion.So basically, TWAU is a fantastic murder mystery tale with well-written characters, a satisfying story which never slows down and which pulls some impressive twists.  If you even have a vague interest in what you've see and read, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it."
76561198073605178,Recommended,250320,16830238,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,[418]Yossarian,"Telltale's very best. Absolutely no innovation on the formula or mechanics (exactly the same as the Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, etc.), but a very compelling narrative experience."
76561198093063020,Recommended,250320,16831240,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,FusionGaming,"The Wolf Among Us is an absolutely amazing game. I found myself wanting more after every episode, I couldn't get enough of the story and the characters of Fabletown. Some parts of the story were somewhat hard to follow, but the story was still amazing. The story kept me hooked with twists and cliffhangers right to the end, and now I find myself restlessly waiting for the rumored season two. Anyone who is looking for a good story should seriously think about buying this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,250320,16836322,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,c_g_a,"Such a great story, with amazing art... I was already a fan of the Fables comic, but the game is so good that when I went back to revisit the first trades, I was underwhelmed. The game is so good that made the original material pale in comparison. The Fables world is full of minutia and carries a ton of background... It is as if you can sense the history these characters had for millenia before their arrival at the mundy world. Highly recommended! Now please bring us season two."
76561198078993075,Recommended,250320,16836624,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,watyrfall,"I really enjoyed this game. It's story was well done, the voice acting is great. Also, a big bonus for me is the game isn't focused on killing. You're trying to solve a mystery, and it wasn't predictable for me (also a bonus.)I'm familiar with the Fables universe, so I'm not sure how much that improved my opinion. It felt like the characters behaved inline with my expecations from the comics. I appreciated that very much.This game grabbed my attention right away, and I had to know what happened! It was hard to put down, and go to sleep."
,Recommended,250320,16911272,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Gimboid,Really fun game with an interesting storyline.
76561198043461447,Recommended,250320,16914015,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,midnightxpress,Intense story game that feeds into istelf chapter by chapter determined by the choices made. The only downside is not being able to click through long dialogue.
76561198044207044,Recommended,250320,16919756,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,abeardedfish,"For any fan of the comic book series this is definetly worth checking out. A good story and nicely paced for gameplay. The voice acting is well done, while the cell shading graphics play well with the comic idea it came from. Fun game and worth another play through."
76561198102801402,Recommended,250320,16921905,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,76561198102801402,"This game has a lot of fairy-tales elements in it.Totally love this game from the start til the end.Not going to spoil anything here, since i want you guys who is reading this to actually play this game.You won't regret it, it's worth every single bucks."
76561198018521777,Recommended,250320,17160503,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,gerrit1919,"This game doesn't have the typical action you are used to in most games, but it was an amazing storyline and a great way to tell you the story of the fables of fabletown.If you love great storytelling you will love this.8.5/10"
76561197993500521,Recommended,250320,17161829,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,-->didleedoo,"Brilliant writing and development, as with all the Telltale narrative games. Neil Gaiman meets Graham Greene. So good."
,Recommended,250320,11709654,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Sub_Dork,"If you've never played an episode of a Telltale adventure game, you owe it to yourself to give this cinematic interactivity a try. At the least, it's the future of adventure games, and it may even be the future of television and comics.http://zbronpsn.blogspot.com/2013/11/meet-whole-wolfgang.html"
,Recommended,250320,16766410,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,NyuTheCat,"Captivating storytelling, strong and well-written characters, amazing atmposphere, and turning points which will raise the hair on your back. The art and music are stunning as well."
76561197970489523,Recommended,250320,16769639,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Tamu,Realy cool game
,Recommended,250320,17437946,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Eadlyn June,Stupid Game Of Thrones delaying season 2...
,Recommended,250320,17440020,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Dusty,"I played this game for 8 hours straight, and it somehow felt like I literally just opened the game seconds ago. This game has such a unique plotline, with some really well written characters, and choices that make you feel like you're making a difference. Similar to the CSI shows this game trys to imitate, this game will suck you in and keep guessing what will happen in the next ""episode"". I highly reccomend this game to anyone, although I did encounter some strange glitches through my playthrough. Nothing gamebreaking, but there were 2 occasions that I had to reset from my last checkpoint which was annoying. Otherwise, this game was fantastic and I highly reccomend it. Just make sure to reserve a whole night to yourself before playing it. This game will suck you in like no other."
,Recommended,250320,17443972,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,d_strakosch,"Pros:- Engrossing presentation, well designed art style and color palette. Smooth performance, for the most part.- Setting and premise kept me going - very well realized world.- Music fit the setting perfectly, helped create an engrossing atmosphere.- Kinetic quick-time-events, fun to watch.- Well-designed fables. The Jersey Devil is especially memorable.Con:-Too much plot crammed into each episode- I found it hard to keep track and stay interested. Also -too many characters. I felt The Walking Dead: Season One worked as its world was a better fit for this type of adventure game: by nature there just aren't too many people left after a zombie infestation. The game was mostly about building relationships with the people that were hanging around. In The Wolf Among Us, however, there are just too many characters peppered throughout, to the point where some will show up for only a scene of two, working as a plot device. That's too bad, as the game wants players to care about the choices they make and how they affect each character. I especially feel that the villains were too many and too thinly developed. I also felt the main villain was introduced much too late in the game, as was his side-kick. By that time the game was already flooded with other characters, and I couldn't handle another two.As a result, I started to zone out - the murders, the crime syndicate, yada yada yada. I was mostly going through the motions, and when it came to the last couple of episodes I simply didn't care.Really that one con just about covers it. While the game is technically great, and I should have enjoyed it just as much as The Walking Dead, I felt they tried to do too much with the plot. While I loved the first couple of episodes, my attention began to wane with each following one. I still recommend the game, as you may have a better attention-span than I do. I typically find it difficult to get engrossed in stories with too many characters."
76561198062034166,Recommended,250320,17425315,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Skyhammer,Name Your Price Telltale just give us a season 2
,Recommended,250320,17431375,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Moby,"I went into The Wolf Among Us blind to all plot details, and knew very little about the game other than people reccommending it to me based on my love of visual novels.While TWAU isn't a visual novel, it's a very story heavy game with outcomes depending on the choices you make throughout the story.Each episode was engaging, and the writing for the plot really places you inside of the character's world. I think it's a shame Telltale hasn't announced a season two for this game yet.10/10, must buy."
,Recommended,250320,17380962,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Greed,Tried to hit on Snow. She gave no ♥♥♥♥s.
,Recommended,250320,17382353,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,PEENOOTZ,"The story is definately the most intense investigation ive went through, was so much fun.although the impact of your decisions dont matter as much on some episodes, it still quite entertaining to play.not much i can say really, i rate it 5.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,17337862,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Queen of Blades,You won't be disappointed. Until you finish the game. Where the withdrawals start kicking in. Seriously. Get the game. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,250320,17339929,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,LuxLynx,"Thrilling, captivating, and totally badass! Great plot development throughout, together with an immersive atmosphere would make you too, feel like a Big Bad Wolf. The choice is simple - play it!"
,Recommended,250320,17352086,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,✿Rainy Season Hero Froppy✿,Story game about story people
76561198180128450,Recommended,250320,17353568,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Spirit,"Great story, quite brutal at times. The ending enticed me to replay this a further 3 times."
,Recommended,250320,17356789,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Colonial,"So, if you're looking for a more to the point review... buy this game. Seriously. I know most people (including myself) wait for the big sales to pick games over a certain price range, but The Wolf Among Us is seriously worth the 25 bucks.This is the second Telltale game I've played; the first was the Walking Dead. I played it all the way through a few years back when the last episode just released. And you know what? I wasn't a big fan. I love both the comics and show, but I just couldn't get into it. Itt was still fun though, and I defintely was interested in what Telltale had to offer next.I have always loved the Fables comics; I remember being drawn into the Fables story so quickly, equally by both the art and the writing. This game captures both. The world really comes to life. It doen't hurt that the game is  fun, well paced, and that you feel like your choices do have an impact.Get this game. But first, a warning: once you start playing, your social life will cease to exist as you sit glued to your computer screen, until the final credits roll...."
76561198101313528,Recommended,250320,17360409,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Deez Nuts R Brown,YAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,250320,17361036,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AfterDarkSiren,Very engrossing story!
76561198010666397,Recommended,250320,18914432,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,sgt_kiss_me,"Awesome game. Love the story, characters, and choices.One question I have, will there be another one?"
,Recommended,250320,18895627,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,sadsorceror,"Mr. Nice Guy, a misanthropic detective or a ravaging beast - which Wolf shall you be today?"
76561197998877464,Recommended,250320,18862620,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Chalupa Batman,10/10 would woof again
76561198067453194,Recommended,250320,18816272,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KroeboCop,"Cool universe and cool characters, had some good moments, but still I would like to have something more, such as puzzles. 6/10"
76561198020552474,Recommended,250320,18881889,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,PorkyD,I like it alot nice story just all around good
76561198198562049,Recommended,250320,18882566,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sen,"This game was absolutely amazing, the story was excellent and I've started to read the comics!"
76561198121352487,Recommended,250320,18943733,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Big Shaq,"♥♥♥♥ this game is goodRight of the bat there is a thrilling story that jumps straight at your face with terrific intro scene. This story folows the character known as bigby, a local sheriff that follows the murder of a hooker named faith. This story leads you to all parts of Fabletown, from the highest of the lowest peaks of Fabletown. This game is bery similar in terms of story and descins compared to the walking dead. This is a must if you are eager for more point and click adventures."
,Recommended,250320,18965677,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Steel Thunder,Enjoyed every chapter.  Plenty of action and interesting storyline to follow.
,Recommended,250320,18605240,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,"B-A-B-Y, Baby","Undoubtedly Telltales best game to date. A perfect mix of crime drama, film noir, and fantasy, with an excellent and twisty plot which will keep you engrossed until the end. Can't tell you any more, my lips are sealed."
,Recommended,250320,18705092,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ice ♍,i love the la noir style of desicion based series of the outcomes and all the possible endeings
,Recommended,250320,18707121,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Tonks,Love the story and style. Hope a Season 2 comes out because at the end it leaves you thinking
,Recommended,250320,18753888,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,fashadore,"It's a quick game to play through, but if you like story-guided games, it's a fun game to play through. I wouldn't pay full price for it."
76561198124482181,Recommended,250320,18755997,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,bassmickey,"I started this game not expecting much, and then the plot blew me away! TellTale you did it again!"
76561198095271325,Recommended,250320,18751042,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Raúl Ernesto Álvarez Guerrero,Completed all chaptersGet rekt m8... 9/10
,Recommended,250320,18751333,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,DamionTheDemon,"If you like fairy tales, mysteries, detective stories and plenty of choices, then this is a great game. You want to play a hard♥♥♥♥♥detective? Great! Have fun being a♥♥♥♥♥♥and beating up Fables. You wanna be a former ""villain"" trying to be nice? Even better. You can play through the struggle that is Bigby the Big Bad Wolf trying to protect Fabletown all while almost every Fable that has ever known who you were either judges you or tries to sabotage you. While your choices won't be able to change the over-arcing plot, they will change how the other Fables see you and will ultimately change how the ending plays out. Have fun! :D"
,Recommended,250320,18749631,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dr. Ynsane,I would love to give you guys a in depth review but... ''my lips are sealed''!Amazing game - 10/10
,Recommended,250320,18738163,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,LordKangus,Absolutely the best thing Telltale has ever done.
76561198003646788,Not Recommended,250320,18746817,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Wilson,"Was really looking forward to this after the amazing Walking Dead series, but alas: black screen and unresponsive on startup. Apparently, this is a well-known bug. Yet nobody's bothering to fix it…"
76561198003581416,Recommended,250320,18746231,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MrLonely,"♥♥♥♥♥! I'M NOT GODDON'T MAKE ME CHOOSE!!anyway, it's a good game from telltale. you need to play it to see the grey part of the humanFable character make you see it clearer. Even faiy tale can get dirty too."
76561198002871746,Recommended,250320,18736837,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,xWhackoJacko,"Pretty good. Had fun with the story. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations and lip synch kind of bummed me out though. Hopefully TellTale in the future will spend a little bit more time/money on making things actually animate well, and run smoothly (had some issues in certain spots)."
,Recommended,250320,7782790,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CakeMachine,"This game caused me to get into the graphic novels. Whilst the occurances in the game can't be cannon to the comics, it's as well written and surprising as the story. I love this game, and can't wait till episode 2 comes out."
,Recommended,250320,7784083,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,rolaids,"The Game runs smoothly and i have only Found 1 glitch to date, i like the art design and the story line is really amazing. The camera is jumpy at points but seems to transition through evrything very good. The voice acting is amazing at made me really feel a sense of enjoyment as i listened to the game, also the soundtrach for this game is 10/10. I like the way the music mix's up at parts and it has a blue jazz feel to it all.If you are looking for a game with a constantly changing storyline and great art work then this is the game for you. I rate this game 9/10."
,Recommended,250320,7786213,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CorupMind,Awsome story!!
,Recommended,250320,7389202,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,zerofiftyone,'80s crime thriller starring characters from your favourite bedtime stories. Would recommend.
76561198093776577,Recommended,250320,7779935,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Agent 47,Its ♥♥♥♥ing good!@
76561198026260614,Recommended,250320,7781317,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Fatix,Great game - very interesting plot + similarity to the Walking Dead game from the same developer makes this game a must have!
,Recommended,250320,7781459,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,KochaPaloosa,"Being a firm fan of not only Telltale games, but also Marvel Comics, the Wolf Among Us hits all the bases. With the playability greatly improved since their release of the Walking Dead last year, the game flow in a much more fluid sense, and as per usual for telltale, implements the subtlety to their character choice features. Similar to Lee, what you do doesn't always effect the story as a whole (think Mass Effect, or Fable) but it simply defines who Bigby is in his new life.Telltale has created something fresh and fun once again, and I look forward to playing the future episodes."
,Recommended,250320,7788333,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kirin,The only bad thing about this game is that there isn't more of it! Need new episodes now!
,Recommended,250320,7788218,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Woot5k,"If you've ever read any Brothers Grimm Fairy tales and enjoyed it then you will love the story line and universe that The Wolf Among Us has and is set in.The Wolf Among Us puts you in the shoes of Bigby Wolf, or better known as The Big Bad Wolf that tried to have Little Red Riding Hood for supper, the sheriff of Fabletown. Fabletown is a town where a community of fairytale immigrants take refuge in 1980s New York. Being as this game has a very dark theme to it you can already guess what kind of sheriff Bigby is. He doesn't like liars and people who waste his time, which you find out very quickly when questioning Mr. Toad from The Wind in the Willows in the very beginning of the game.If you were a fan of Telltale Games The Walking Dead then you will see familiar button prompts with that simple line of text stating ""So-and-so will remember that choice..."" that might make you second guess yourself as soon as you select it. Just like The Walking Dead The Wolf Among Us has appealing graphics and an impressive storyline that will have you immersed the whole time and will more than likely make you start to develop actual feelings for characters in the game just as The Walking Dead made you with its wonderful caricature. This will have an effect on the choices you make in the future of your game.Telltale decided to use the same episodic theme as they did in The Walking Dead and to some gamers this was unfortunately dispiriting when The Walking Dead first was released. Although The Wolf Among Us is using the same idea, it's definitely still worth picking up. If you're an inpatient person then I would suggest just picking it up when all of the episodes are released, because it will capture you and have you on the edge of your seat and ready for the next episode, if you're patient and don't mind waiting a little then definitely pick it up as soon as possible and experience Telltale's excellent storytelling. Waiting for the next episode will only make it THAT much sweeter when it's finally released.Overall if you were an admirer of The Walking Dead's gameplay and mechanics, loved any noticeably dark fairy tale by The Brothers Grimm, or really just love a fantastic story line with in-depth caricature and beautiful artwork that makes you feel like you're in a comic book then you will LOVE The Wolf Among Us. I would definitely recommend this game to all of my friends."
76561198025219748,Recommended,250320,7790696,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mazzacre,"Phenomenal! I love Fables, so this has been a real treat. I can't wait for the next chapter!! Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,250320,16631899,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ,[Glass Him]
,Recommended,250320,16632865,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dυєlρωη,"This game had me saying WTF alot, but in a good way. :)9/10Make the right choice :)"
,Recommended,250320,16635747,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,IceBear,A M A Z I N G
76561198103652386,Recommended,250320,16635906,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,micheldepaula,"O jogo e otimo, porem, cheio de crashs e bugs para MAC osx. Ja procurei no Forum da Telltale e diversos usuarios com o mesmo problema. Ate agora sem solucao "" the game is amazing but there are so many crashs and bugs. I found on the telltale`s forum several users with the same problem, until now (2 years after launch) no solutions"
,Recommended,250320,16637468,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,bulletforsummer,"It's rated high for a reason. More like lots of reasons. Visually gorgeous, atmospheric, great voice acting, and a captivating plot that will keep you playing for hours on end. The character design is A+ (specifically out-of-glamour Fables; I squealed when Bloody Mary and Jersey were revealed) and I love how the characters feel so human while still retaining their fairytale roots. The marriage between the two concepts is perfect. At the end of each chapter you get to see how your choices compare to other players around the world, so that's pretty cool too. This game is just perfect from concept to execution. Definitely a new favorite."
,Recommended,250320,16638252,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,사랑해요태연누나,This lips are sealed....9/10
76561198080608514,Recommended,250320,16638599,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,pduff,Incredibly unique storyline and the classic telltale game plot pathing. Got it on sale but definitely would have paid full price. 10/10
,Recommended,250320,11704594,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,memeslut,"If you liked The Walking Dead or any of Telltale's Game's, this is a MUST for you. The art is beautiful, the story is exciting, intense and very a bit confusing (in a good way). This is a well written game with characters you will love and some you will hate. I kinda like this better than The Walking Dead because the choises you make in this game affects the rest of the story more than in The Walking Dead. It's hard to describe the game without spoiling, but i really recommend this game. IMO 10/10."
,Recommended,250320,16640665,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MuadDib,"After playing TWD S01 I was very curious to see what Telltale did with this game. I had no knowledge of the comics and lore btw. Although it seems quicker than TWD, the choices seem to matter more (ate least in the end), graphics are what expected, story is good and characters interesting. But you can really play as a jerk!"
,Recommended,250320,16641782,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jeez,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is great. A story that will always keep you at the edge of your seat accompanied by thrilling cutscenes. I won't be satisfied until a sequel is released in which we can play as Colin.
76561197977293658,Recommended,250320,18448040,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Dresh,Absolutely gripping.This game changed my life.It's worth every penny.
,Recommended,250320,18448142,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mr.nojoke,"I like ""Glen won't remember that"" joke"
76561198027069656,Recommended,250320,18468966,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,cypsa_GG,"If you like interesting stories en interactive gaming, then this is the game for you.If you don't like QTE's, cell-shaded graphics and/or a whole spectrum of morality instead of the more usual Good/Evil, then you better back off.In short, buy this game if you want to watch an 8 hour movie where you sometimes have to click buttons. Sidenote: the movie is really good!"
76561197991701782,Recommended,250320,18435662,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,[PINK❤SQUAD] King of Mangoes,"Spend last ~1500 hours playing dota 2. Bought this game, played 4 hours in row. Wanna play more, but this is 2am. Incredible story and art. And not so emotional heavy as TWD. Go buy and play it asap."
76561198047947816,Not Recommended,250320,18447388,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Renewablefrog,"♥♥♥♥ any game where I have to open up files and fix bugs myself, that shouldn't happen anymore and it's disgraceful. I got to play only the first episode when I had to do repairs, which while enjoyable does not excues this."
76561198051167184,Recommended,250320,18447469,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,thommelding,"First telltale game I tried. Instantly hooked.I like this kind of interactive novel. Like watching a series, but only more engaging"
,Recommended,250320,18447491,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Rant,These lips are sealed.10/10
,Recommended,250320,18450893,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,MaskoftheAbyss,"Never rated a game before, but this has to be one of the most exhilerating plotlines I have played in a long time... I couldn't stop playing because I had to know what happened. Be prepared to be on the edge of your seat, and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,250320,18446587,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Armandocubos,JUST AN ARTWORK!
76561198001456742,Not Recommended,250320,18449743,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,[OP] Jeff,"The game was fun to complete once. I was looking forward to trying it a second time to change to story and situations.To my huge dissapointment I found out that it doesn't matter what you do and say in this game. You can litterally do the whole game without making a decision and just let the timer run out so your character just stands there looking stupid the whole time. AND you will still get the exact reactions that you would otherwise have gotten...If you want to play it once and watch a good story unfold then buy itIf you want to play it several times to change the outcomes then don't buy it, because you will be very dissapointed."
76561198067721660,Recommended,250320,18483955,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Bishop,10/10 GRRRRRRREAT GAME. Perfect for when u wanna game in your couch
,Recommended,250320,18484336,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Autismo4000,is gud 10/10
76561198201784450,Recommended,250320,18434075,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Blithe93,"Love, wish there had been a little more at the end..."
,Recommended,250320,18434433,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,FW,"I had high expectations and I was not let down.There is some weird animation twitching in parts like in most Telltale games, and sometimes I got the ""blank choice"" bug, which is easy to fix; just go back to the main menu and load.Bigby is the main man. Time to grow my hair out some more and shave less. I mean, I got the eyes already, might as well. Goddamn, he smokes lots, though. I guess the Fables are like Wolverine in that they just tend to heal, anyway.The dialogue keeps you on your toes and the combat is intense.Anytime you screw up tends to make sense -- IE, not a technical problem, but you didn't react in time or you hesitated. There's not really any one clear ""A is bad, B is good"" path. But basically, don't do something unless you have a good reason. I got into a fight with Grendel that trashed a bar when I probably could have been a bit more patient with him. Later on, I did make good with him. You have to strike a very fine balance.I just wish thatNerissa/The Little Mermaid being more a villain towards the very end was explained more than just deja vu. I chose to go after her. And Crane being an old perverted ♥♥♥♥ is pretty predictable, but I guess it works.Best 8 or 10 or whatever bucks it was that I've ever spent. This game is worth about 30 to 40 bucks, and I only rushed through one playthrough."
,Recommended,250320,18434619,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,dasgelbem,"some choices more wouldn't have hurt - but overall good (= dark, gritty, noirish) & emotional game."
,Recommended,250320,18470755,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,issalga,Great-o
,Recommended,250320,18470157,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Brozzy hellcase.com,10/10 Would Bang!
,Recommended,250320,18466111,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Vox,"Another incredible game from Telltale, a really good story and hard decisions as always. Can't wait for season 2. 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,18466345,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,NIMSEP,"The Wolf Among Us has changed my opinion of point and click games.This game is amazing.After the catastrophe that was Broken Age I found myself disheartened at the very thought of point and click. However, I am incredibly glad that I decided to go against my better judgement when buying this game. The Wolf Among Us is quite simply a masterpiece. I was consumed by the world of this game, with perfectly created Noire scenery and bloody tales. This game embraces the dark undertones that run throughout old fairytales, and placing you in the shoes of the big bad wolf you will become a part of them.Recommended? Quite simply:YES"
,Recommended,250320,18462902,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Mad Pigeon,"At the moment this game is the best game that TellTale Games made with this formula. It's polished and compelling, which are best things game can be.Multiple walkthroughs may break the magic for you, so just act like you'd like and accept the results, even if you're not that fond of them."
,Recommended,250320,16591966,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jhappio,"This game is just... SO GUD.But serieously though, Its one of the best storytelling games ive ever played.That being said why are you even reading the reviews? Just buy it! Its 100% worth.Why? Well.... Just see for yourself."
76561198053959673,Recommended,250320,16763703,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jedi Leo,"Love this one. Reminded me of Cognition in style and mood. It´s very gritty, but I enjoyed that. Good story and excellent flow. Quite devoid of puzzles, more like an interactive story. Incredibly crashy on Mac though :/ Only negative point."
76561198048103311,Recommended,250320,16764474,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,CovertOrpheus,This is better than The Walking Dead for the simple reason that you can be an even bigger jackass in this game than you could be in those ones.
,Recommended,250320,16758145,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Gkap,"Before I get into my review, I'm just going to state how I got into this game to also tie it in with what type of people will like it:I was interested in this game for three main reasons:1. I have played three telltale games in the past and liked thier style2. My childhood knowledge/love of fables/fairytales3. I love mysteries (specifically murder mysteries)So if you fall under any of these categories (or even all of them), I highly reccomend this game.Now to my review:I am only up to episode four (at the moment) but I need to write a review on how great the game is.If you haven't played any TellTale games yet, then it is still fine to try this game (you gotta start somewhere!!).In my opinion, murder mysteries and point and clicks make amazing games, my only experience has been with Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments. When I heard TellTale was making one, I was bound to get my hands on it... now after a decent time I decided to get it and I am so happy.The story is absolutely amazing, I won't reveal much but it gets you hoooked and makes you continuously want to play the next episode. The story (to not spoil it) is basically about a bunch of fairy tale characters transported to New York City. The story can really remind you of a dark version of Once Upon a Time (if you know that show) One of the best parts about the story (for me) is just meeting a new character and being like: I wonder who this character is and your facial expression when you find out.ANYWAY, the game mechanics are very enjoyable, you have TellTales classic QTE's (Quick Time Events) that make the game more playable in terms of action. Obviously I would still play the game regardless of the QTE's but it's nice they added that in. The general artwork is very nice and the mood aswell. Don't get me wrong, when I heard this was one of the darker titles from TellTale, I'm like... really even more dark than The Walking Dead? Yes, I was skeptical about that... weirdly, but its dark but good, not 100% sad and gritty... it has its moments.I would rant on but I shant any further, the main point of this review is just to let people know who the game is best for and just a little bit of specific info. Basically if you think you like the game because of any of the things about, go ahead and try it! Even if it just looks interesting. Just remember its a TellTale game... no fast-paced action, no hand on the keyboard the whole time.... just a great story with a good amount of game mechanics.I hope you enjoyed reading my review and take this info into consideration when buying the game.TL;DR: The main reason of this review is to let people know if the game is good for them. Even if you don't fit into the categories above, still give it a try!! Just a little guideline. Also it's a telltale game. Remember that!10/10 from me.- Hood"
,Recommended,250320,16759186,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BugSpray013,The game was well made and I really liked the comic design of it. And that you could make your own choices whilst playing.Also I do hope there will be another season.
,Recommended,250320,16760558,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MrCraig,"Good story, Loved it!!!!!!!!!"
76561198043689144,Recommended,250320,16760658,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Puppy,"After finishing, the game completely glitched out. I got several screens with ""This choice is a blank""-dialogs. Then random scenes from the game with glitchy animations, disembodied heads etc. Extremely disappointing end to an otherwise nice experience. Still recommending it..."
,Recommended,250320,16760814,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Notlim,"This is the kind of game I really love to play. The graphics like a hq reminds me of Full Throttle, and it's just as easy to play as Full Throttle was. I made it to the end of chapter 5, now where is the rest??? I miss it badly already!!"
,Recommended,250320,16814045,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,kissed-by-fire,"I'm obsessed with Telltale games, and The Wolf Among Us was another amazing addition to their oeuvre. Great mystery with some actual choices. Though I've never read the Fables comics, the story hooked me instantly. I definitely loved the will-they-or-won't-they tension between two of the main characters. Telltale writes these games so well that you can't help but care genuinely about several of the characters. The ending is a mindf*ck! Cannot WAIT for Season 2!"
,Recommended,250320,16820585,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Bublegum,"I love this game, I beat it in a week! I couldnt stop playing it, well made story. I love love love this game :D"
76561198116458449,Recommended,250320,11732432,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Chimneykid,"This game is a big contender for game of the year! Telltale is the BEST story teller in the gaming world! The story is absolutly amazing! You play as the fabletown sheriff Bigby Wolf and you must try to find the person who killed and stole from the people of fabletown. Also this game is stunning to look at, the unique art style sets this game apart from others. I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a riviting, dark, amazing story."
,Recommended,250320,16823713,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"Damnn, this game is great. Like every Telltale game lately. A must-buy if you like Telltale games or story based games in general!"
76561198101013172,Recommended,250320,16049727,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hentai Expert☎,I like this.
,Recommended,250320,16099405,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Bob,"Telltale have really struck upon a winning formula here with this and The Walking Dead games. The way you have to quickly pick what you are going to say really pulls you into the story and makes you feel like you are driving the action. No prior knowledge is required of the comics, in fact I didn’t even know it was based upon a comic series till the end. The story is great with an excellent range of fleshed out characters. The highly saturated and high contrast art style is really nice too. In my opinion this is more engaging than The Walking Dead games and it feels like your decisions have more of an impact on events so definitely worth a play."
,Recommended,250320,15456455,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Yit,Awesome game. I'm hella late to play it but I'm sooo glad that I am. I really enjoy these games where your choices are 100% critical and influence characters and the entire story in general. I would totally recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good story-driven game.
,Recommended,250320,15771542,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,"I'm ""No One""",Nice work Sheriff Bigby. Really GOOD story. I really enjoy with it. I hope it'll have season2 soon as possible.
76561198059990973,Recommended,250320,15785460,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Vortex,"Great game. Enjoied every single moment. The story is surprising and full of turns, feels like reading a book."
,Recommended,250320,15774484,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Tropa101,"The game is excellent, great story!"
,Recommended,250320,19498917,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,obliviscaris,10/10
,Recommended,250320,19489380,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Loyaltyfree,I'm thinking of naming my first child Bigby.
,Recommended,250320,19485697,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mustangmfc,Good Game!
,Recommended,250320,19485930,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Darwin,Holy crap! Amazing gem of a game!
76561197994003754,Recommended,250320,19387219,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,winner93,"I'll be quick. I've not been playing any games for about 8 mounths. But because I got sick at home - I decided to try this game (esp because of discount).To conclude, I was playing this game 2 days in a row, and finished it 2 times. I've not felt such emotions for very long time, but this game did it.  I was fully into.I've opened new genre for myself and I can recommend The Wolf Among Us to everyone.9.5/10 (because I would like to see second season)"
76561197991725832,Recommended,250320,7415032,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Tarskin,"Simply amazing, excellent story combined with good voice acting and the idea that your choices matter make this game one of the most enjoyable games that I have experienced recently."
76561198040995831,Recommended,250320,19391098,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,mtaar,incredibly awesome
76561198124931042,Recommended,250320,19388537,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,hinootora,"Excellent narrative,This game will haunt you weeks after you have finished it."
76561198056543690,Recommended,250320,19422692,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Babebakelse,One of those games you play in one day - buy it now!
,Recommended,250320,19421214,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tobster,"Like playing a TV show! A must have, heartily recommended."
,Recommended,250320,19406961,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Yung Man,Quality game
,Recommended,250320,19425976,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮,Fables will never look the same anymore...- Awesome game btw ^^
,Recommended,250320,19469039,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Jurassic Bark,A wolf dressed in business casual goes on an adventure to solve the murder mystery of a lifetime.five stars
76561198124396374,Recommended,250320,20136933,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[NITE] LeusiCk Diamondeyez,"If you are a fan of any of the old disney movies this game will tug and pull at you heartstrings, i highly recommend this amazin game."
,Recommended,250320,20136955,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Wasteland Wanderer,"Excellent and origional story! This game is basically a Television show that you get to make choices in which alter the outcome of the story. If you've never played a TellTale Game, this is the perfect one to start with!Note: This game contains Nudity."
76561198157113920,Recommended,250320,20131436,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Havana,I can't wait for season 2! please come sooner! not in 2017 _u_
76561198012831360,Recommended,250320,20138810,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SeriousSamIAm,WHERE IS SEASON 2?!
,Recommended,250320,20133151,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,EraX,This is truly a great game with great story!P.S Hot grills
,Recommended,250320,20144635,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,IGotYourPickle,"When i first picked up the game i didn`t know if it would be worth my time. I had seen good things about it but after playing it, i know it was definatly worth my time seeing how i am writing this at 5:30 AM playing from episode 2 to the end. The art, the voices, and the story are so well put together. A must have for anyone who has played any of Telltale`s games or is just getting into them. 10/10 wolves."
,Recommended,250320,20192547,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Elluka,I would recommend this to anybody out there that likes mystery and point and click games.This game is a masterpiece.
76561198143905529,Recommended,250320,20191423,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CodeName: BlackTiger,"One of Tale Tale's better games, and although most of their games are indeed quite impressive, The Wolf Among Us presents a story that is so well written, and has so many plot twists and really memorable dialogue, it is a masterpiece and all the fable characters are used very creatively with relevant roles. I personally played the whole story through 7 times and some chapters I've replayed more often just because of the joy and badass scenes it has to offer! I would definitely 100% recommend this game to anyone who is into games that tell deep story although it sort of lacks interaction gameplay mechanic wise. But If you liked other titles like Tale Tale's the walking dead series, you'll definitely love this one too ! Excitedly waiting for the 2nd game although sadly it is only rumoured and is not confirmed!"
,Recommended,250320,20191861,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Chef BOYardee,The game is awesome! ;D but theres no real replay value still a good game though
76561198039707770,Recommended,250320,20367972,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Patchrikc,Well I beat it. Still don't know what to believe. This game will mess with your head but in a good way.
,Recommended,250320,20407975,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,hi 'ikm' I'm dad,"Such a good game!Just when you think you've figured it out theres a twist.I got it on sale, but I would defintiely play the whole 25 USD just to do it again!The descions you make always seem to have an effect even if its just a slight.And I love how the game compares your choices to the rest of the people who played the game.Recommended great fun"
76561198023452696,Recommended,250320,20408009,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Nikole,Good story. Fun graphics. Using some of the lesser known fairy tales made it a little tougher to expect how a twist might turn out.More of a choose your own adventure story than a real puzzle game. The quick time events were usually enjoyable and kept me from getting too relaxed. One or two might have lasted a little longer than I would have liked.But to the Witching Well with whoever decided to end Episode 5 on a cliff hanger.
,Recommended,250320,20418561,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,pepperyy8,"Absolutely amazing. The music, the characters, heck the background story! And the writing. Telltale done a hella great job. Although I would say it's not really very detective like, but more like a story that you follow and sometimes affect. Still, I swear you will fall in love with the art style and the characters. Worth a buy, I promise."
,Recommended,250320,20438417,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,angelcloudix,"Sometime you need a game that keeps you on your toes but doen't require too many mechanics. That's what The Wolf Among Us gave me. The artwork and cinematics were really impressive, but it was the story that kept me coming back for more. As far as replay value, I'll eventually come back and make some decisions opposite of my first play out of curiosity. But for now, I was happy with the original playthrough and the quick chapter plays to finish all the achievements for a perfect game. I'm seriously thinking about picking up the comic spin off to see what else they can produce for Fabletown!"
,Recommended,250320,20438740,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,darrahez,This game is simply perfect in every way. I love Walking dead as well but found I  was able to enjoy myself more with the story and mechanics of this game. My boyfriend and I played it together while passing the time and when he had the controls I was no less immersed with the story then when I was controlling.
,Recommended,250320,20414607,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dj.Mike,"I don't know what they were going for with that ending.Oh hi, yeah this game's alright.Pick it up if you like choose your own adventure games, or even games that have multiple endings."
,Recommended,250320,13151692,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Wrong 'Em Boyo,♥♥♥♥ing love it!
76561198056441831,Recommended,250320,11039814,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,jimmyscheepers,Buy it.10/10 would slit throats again
76561197970291484,Recommended,250320,20411302,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,-Warchild-,"Another fantastic entry from Telltale Games.  Great characters, great story and great pacing."
76561198017205990,Recommended,250320,7365915,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Don Piano,"Very much like The Walking Dead in terms of Gameplay, but with a gritty noir murder investigation story tinge. Excellent voice work, excellent atmosphere, and much more goodness to come. Show your support."
,Recommended,250320,19478606,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,RarestMicrobe,"I am glad I picked this title up. It's engaging, well thought out, and the art is beautiful. The moral conundrums encountered are gripping, and you will play this game more than once through. Definitely pick it up."
76561198009267149,Recommended,250320,19505372,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,☆M4j!k[x]☆,Not Great Not Bad iv said 2 much my lips are sealed...7.2/10...
,Recommended,250320,19379015,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,alessiocaleca,This was absolutely amazing.I'm really not sure if I enjoyed more this Title or TWD series.Once again TellTaleGames managed to amaze me.would recommend.
,Recommended,250320,16580608,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Thea Topaz,World's Greatest Game ever made and known to human kind! Beautiful graphics and addictive!Please get the game if you enjoy a easy movie sort of game pr better yet. BUY THE GAME!I wish they made a hundred kind of game related to Wolf Among Us or Fables comics. Can't wait for Season 2.Excellent plot. You won't regret buying this at all.
,Recommended,250320,16582122,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nicole,"Interesting characters, interesting storyline, interesting speech, interesting game. This game is just terrific; I was hooked right from the beginning until the very end. I found it hard to stop playing it. I would recommend this to anyone... unless you don't like games with more story than gameplay because it's just a point and click game."
76561198084907864,Recommended,250320,13168035,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ｓｔｒｏｏｄ_ｂｒｂ生活是什麼☭,really liked it killing the tweedles made me happy :)
,Recommended,250320,16582770,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Fushzilla,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥The story was just so well written. I've had a blast playing this game and connecting the dots. A must have for anyone who likes great stories full of lies and deception.Warning : Your english better be good to appreciate the whole game. It often requires a great understanding of the situation before you decide what to do.
,Recommended,250320,16586315,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Oncoming Storm,Amazing game with an amazing story.
,Not Recommended,250320,16728460,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,acrx963,"Get it on sale. Started off strong, then the story stagnates quite a bit in the middle, and the end doesn't quite make up for it. The game has its moments, but it doesn't come close to The Walking Dead. I enjoyed the art design and soundtrack the most."
,Recommended,250320,16666420,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,☠Birthday Party☠,"100% Loved. Would go back and play again.This game was really nicely done. The story is really complicated , not some thrown together anime crap in two minutes. The whole ""fabletown"" and fables are so well thought out , even i had to look some of the characters backstories. The whole game , Five episodes and multiple chapters each , took me twelve hours roughly to complete.Tell Tale games usually do an AMAZING job -like this game in particular-  and mostly have multiple endings. I got through maybe 2-3. Id recommend this game to anyone who had fairly tales as a kid or who like games like The walking dead , heavy rain , game of thrones etc.The whole ""choices"" Idea in this game is clear; you end up how you choose. Will you kill or give mercy? Spare or spar? Give or waste? The game is a must-have if you like choice , or are simply tired of first person shooters and 8-10 year olds  screaming on gmod."
,Recommended,250320,16736527,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Montez,Another good game from Telltale Games.+Very good and mature game with great characters and good story.+Great art style and dialogues.+So many choices.-Could be little longer and maybe with different endings.-Gameplay is not really challenging or interesting.Cant wait for season 2.Score: 7/10
76561198059222992,Recommended,250320,16738155,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Teladrius,"A worth while entry into the Telltale style of story telling. If you're a fan of the Walking Dead TT series, then this, of course, is right up your alley.The atmosphere is great & the characters are interesting. Some familiar voice actors from TWD is a nice surprise too.The game is, on average, 8-10 hours long. I just had my client left running, hence the 16+ hrs.All in all, solid 8.5/10.Get it on sale & enjoy."
76561198042704216,Recommended,250320,17806388,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Wizard,"Really great game, sucks that it looks like there wont be a season 2 :("
76561198026705279,Recommended,250320,17854678,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,DrGrumbleBottom,By far one of THE best telltale games I have ever played. A story that captivates from the instant you start playing.10/10 would maim again
,Recommended,250320,17864930,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Misfiring,"You want to be the Big Bad Wolf? Play this game, or rather, play this story.10/10"
,Recommended,250320,17869290,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,B!lks,"I think everything has been said about this game already but I'll throw a couple pennies in.Point n Click adventure that is quite simply AMAZING!Based off of the DC/Vertigo Comic books F.A.B.L.E.S, you are the sherrif in town: Bigby Wolf (aka The Big Bad Wolf).  You police a town in New York called Fable Town which is run by Old King Cole (was a merry old soul...) and his right hand Snow White.  Most of the FABLES went to live in Fable Town, assuming that they were either human looking or close to human.  Anyone who wasn't (Puss in Boots, 3 Little Pigs, The 3 Bears etc) went to live on an upstate Farm called 'The Farm'.  Bigby is not allowed on the Farm for obvious reasons, so having no where to put him, King Cole and Snow White made him the Sherrif of Fable Town.This game follows one of many cases that Bigby has had to deal with.It should also be noted that this game is set BEFORE the comic books.  So although it is not necessary to read them to understand this game, I would still recommend that you pick up the graphic novels at some point as they are every bit as awesome as the game is....just...be kind to Colin...he falls on hard time in the comics ;-)Pros:-Great Sound Track-Great Acting-Great Visual-Great StoryCons:-QTE's but on some occasions, these are a necessary evilWhat I would like to see improved in the next season:-More puzzles-More opportunities to use detective skills, allow the user to miss things etcCan't wait for Season 2.  Hopefully they bring in Rose Red and Goldilocks (loved what they did with those characters in the comic books)"
76561197972494742,Recommended,250320,17895383,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,alex_roach,"I don't know why Telltale Games insist on continuing that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about how our choices matter. Wolf Among Us is a great game, pretty stylized graphics, engaging story, very good acting. I definitely recommend it. Yes, your choices for the most part don't matter, just think of it as interactive animated story and enjoy the ride."
76561197994831370,Recommended,250320,17894087,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Delle,Loved this.
,Recommended,250320,17871332,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Asaph,"Finishing this game just a short while ago has convinced me this game is one of the best video game productions of all time. It remains a literary classic in a unique format yet again brought forward by Telltale Games. If you enjoy a very original spin on the Fairy Tale stories, play this!"
76561197963868428,Not Recommended,250320,17871347,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Pepboy,"The game crashes constantly on macs, especially right before save points.  Save your money instead."
,Recommended,250320,17883571,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,DirtOrange,"Great game, I can't wait for the next one"
,Recommended,250320,17911463,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,👑 Magic Potato 👑,Badass game! Love it.Bigby is defenitely one of my favorite and most memorable characters ever.10/10
76561198004068349,Recommended,250320,17224013,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,oak606,Fantastic game. Better than the Walking Dead series for me and I'm a big Walking Dead fan. Every character was interesting and the story had me gripped from start to finish. Couldn't recommend more.
,Recommended,250320,17325597,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,"This is one of the best Telltale games I'ved played. This time you are a 1980s NY detective that must solve the killing of women who were beheaded by some monster. Also you are a wolf, from the fable Little Red Riding Hood. All the characters you meet are fables that decided to live in NY of all places. I really love the atmosphere and the decisions you make really do impact the story. Keep in mind this is a choose your game, and not a point and click game. I love it and highyl recommend. 9/10"
,Recommended,250320,10727737,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mega Sceptile,"The game puts you in the shoes shoes of Bigby Wolf to solve a series of crimes in fable town that lead to ONE HUGE connection. Its gameplay is Point and click and is an episodic series, By the time of this review it has 4 episodes out with the final episode a few weeks from now. So without the final episode in the equation I think The Wolf Among Us deserves and 8/10."
76561197993703405,Recommended,250320,17232633,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,UZI SUICIDE,"I brought this on a recommendation from a friend, and I really liked The Walking Dead games.  I played the entire game in one day, and really enjoyed it.  The quality is slightly better than TWD, but in saying that TWAU doesnt have as much variety so perhaps its easier to make good what is here.  Excellent voice cast and solid source material makes for a good story which you really feel involved in.  The only downside is I had a few occasions where scenes did not load properly and all the dialogue choices were blank which was annoying, but if you exit the game and then come back and continue the story everything sorts itself out.I'd buy a sequel but it sounds like there wont be one so get this one on a sale, have a good time and then go back to your regularly scheduled activities."
,Recommended,250320,17235715,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Mr Pain,"Another great Telltale game that sticks to the formula already laid down by The Walking Dead. The fable characters were a highlight, seeing a troll that takes a potion to look like Snow White to work as a hooker...... well that should be in every game!I played through twice, the second time altering my decisions as much as possible to see the different outcomes and while you pretty much end up in the same place the experience was certainly different. I enjoyed the game and would certainly recommend it, the protagonist here is the star. You genuinely like him and it's fun to unleash the big bad wolf when people get in your way.8/10"
,Recommended,250320,17238320,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Squooshbugle,"It is very tempting to cheat the storyline on this one.Hell, I did it almost every episode.Just make sure you are using a mouse, it's a quick game if you are playing on a tempermental touchpad like my one."
,Recommended,250320,17240724,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,God Emperor Trump,I've never wanted to kill more people than in any other game. But I didn't and it didn't not make me the Big Bad Wolf any more or less.
76561198179002895,Recommended,250320,17244162,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Paladin Redfield,I'd been curious about this game for a while; I'm very glad I decided to get it. The story was engaging and very interesting. I  strongly recommend this
76561198107800130,Recommended,250320,17244595,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,GuitArchon,"Strong action, strong story, strong characters.About the only negative thing I have to say about it is that your choices don't feel quite as meaningful as in previous Telltale Games.Would recommend."
76561197963487170,Recommended,250320,17244650,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,MayhaN,"Have to give big creds for the ones who created this game! Im totally in love with this game. Really nice artwork, acting voices and the story. Really nice game, i hope there will be more games like this!"
,Recommended,250320,17576203,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,turtlemonkey,great game
76561198025052416,Recommended,250320,17576672,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,scifiroots,"A very enjoyable and satisfying story. There were enough twists to keep me guessing throughout. The Wolf Among Us does a great job uniting a variety of story elements (some strong dectective noir vibes)  and investing the player in the characters right away. The game has also launched me into reading the Fables comics, on which the story is based.  I really hope a second season will be released as I thoroughly enjoyed the characters and tale.My only complaint is buggy technical issues that required at least three ""resets"" by exiting to the main menu (or out of game) and restarting the checkpoint. In episodes 3-5 I had to exit out at least once to get past a glitch of no dialogue choices showing up, plus out of order videos. It's annoying aspect that I'm surprised still remains after all this time and the frequency of the bug being reported."
,Recommended,250320,17552315,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Lost Gremlin,"I went in with the mindset of watching a visual novel play itself out, and it sure delivered! An interesting tale of fables struggling in their little nonfunctional community. I do have some observations to make.The game is a bit rough around the edges visually, with some jerky movement; but that wasn't so bad given the rough style and content.Don't expect much real choice. There are some branches that you can take, but few make a lasting difference. They're more about uncovering additional background information. How you treat people results in inconsequential changes, if any at all. Many instances where it is mentioned that someone will remember something are meaningless. It is to give you the illusion that your input matters more that it actually does. It is effective for one play-through, but another might shatter this sense of agency. The script is fixed, you cannot change it, just choose a few permutations.Even though you can control some of Bigby's decisions, his character is hard-wired to be a certain way. If your choices align with that attitude it feels natural, but if they don't it feels like he's mentally unstable.Whether you correctly respond to quick-time-events makes nearly no difference, except when you get a blatant game-over. Bigby will still get smashed, will still punch back, will still become bestial. Many QTEs literally do nothing, the game always proceeds as if you either succeeded or failed to press the buttons. So don't worry about screwing up a very quick QTE."
,Recommended,250320,17559828,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ZoraMikau,"Very good game. I honestly really enjoyed it, and if I had time I'd play it again just to play through all of the different choices you can make in game."
76561198144593917,Recommended,250320,17582772,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,mikesanerd,"The Wolf Among Us is a really excellent game that I would highly recommend. It is a highly story-driven game, like watching a movie where you get to influence the dialog and the actions of the main character. You also control some of his actions through Quick Time actions (having to react and press certain buttons).  (Sidenote: If you are a parent reading this for your child, the game is very adult with significant violence, some nudity, and lots of other adult content.)Pros:+Excellent story that kept me rivetted throughout+Excellent dialog, and it is very fun to try to influence the dialog as the conversations go on. You also only have a few seconds to choose what you want to say. I didn't like this at first, but it makes the conversations flow much more naturally, and it makes things more realistic.+Controlling the dialog works very well. For the most part, the dialog options were intuitive and I didn't find myself frustrated at missing dialog options, or options having an unintended effect very often.+Many of the decisions you get to make feel meaningful, and some of them are hard decisions, both practically and morally.Cons:- Although it feels like your choices matter throughout the game, it seems that they only have a very minor impact in the end. Regardless of what you do, the final scene will be (almost) the same. From what I understand, its mostly just the dialog in the final scene that changes based on what you've done."
76561198067127545,Recommended,250320,17667940,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Kinky-Rock,
76561198048417896,Recommended,250320,17671704,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,mmehio,"What a great game. And yes, I bought this game because I enjoyed the Walking Dead games so much; I also enjoyed this game about as much as well. However, I cannot say that you should expect the same elements. The main distinguishing factor is that this game is not about emotionally scaring you, rather than emotionally intriguing you, and that's what made me personally like the Walking Dead more; either way, both games have just as much suspense and excitement as the other. Oh, and if you're also facing the same mobile/PC dilemma that I was, I say buy it for PC; it's easier to see, a little more challenging to control during fight scenes, and runs smoother. Hope these three cents help any possible buyers out there!"
,Recommended,250320,17680470,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,u boofin me?,nicee
76561198184306890,Recommended,250320,17777533,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,thomash,Masterpiece
76561198037705419,Recommended,250320,17808560,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,WigglyEagle,Yes
76561198116866397,Recommended,250320,17776859,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,edmek55555,"Tl;dr version: Easily one of the best story driven games I have played in a while, deeply satisfying through out. This review is spoiler free.Many people criticize this game for its choices that have no affect and its bad ending. I can agree to an extent with the choices, but the ending was thoroughly satisfying even though it couldn't be the perfect fairy tale all is well ending everyone wanted, it just wouldn't fit in with the game's style.Back to the choices. Their are several choices in the game that have a very major impact on the story. People tend to have a huge gripe with the fact not all the choices are like this. I get the argument but not every choice can change the whole landscape of the game. However, once you start stringing small choices together you can see how they are making an impact and it can entirely change how a situation plays out even if it doesn't directly effect the end result.Though you don't have complete freedom to do whatever you want like many of us would have hoped, it is still satisfying to punch someone in the face for being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead of having to sit there and watch it play out however the writers decide.The games story is probably the best in any game from recent memory and has many meaningful twist and turns without being too far-fetched and in the end you get to serve up justice (or not) however you see fit which is incredibly satisfying despite the fact not everyone will agree with your decision.My only complaint about the game is that it ended and there is no sequel in sight. 9.5/10"
76561198090216289,Recommended,250320,16800010,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,angrygenie,"this game was absolutely amazing and now i can see why people loved it so much.the characters are dynamic and have their own motivations. the voice acting and the writing are superb and the action is good too.the main character feels gritty but has a huge heart, he makes you want the best for him and you really get dragged into helping people making the game feel immersive.the other thing i have to note is the music, it is one of the key elements of this game that drives the story. it primes you for the emotional tone that is being set for the story.THIS GAME IS AMAZING...buy it if you can.9/10"
76561198091310117,Recommended,250320,16801987,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Fivestarlane,"Storytelling on such a grand level of excellence. The game is more involved and interesting than the walking dead season 1 (which I really enojoyed) in so many ways. The source material is unique and intriguing. The mystery, the crimes, character backstories and action all play out in ways that complement each other to create a perfect mix.The game doesn't play like an action game, but it doesn't need to. It plays as a point-and-click and does so so marvelously that its far more engaging than so many other games out there."
76561198069590214,Recommended,250320,16804787,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fredrick William III,The boat amoung us. 10/10
76561198069590214,Recommended,250320,16804788,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fredrick William III,The boat amoung us. 10/10
,Recommended,250320,16741543,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Zombnom,"The hype is legitimately real. I bought The Wolf Among Us in a Steam sale in an attempt to find more ""choices matter"" games and went in blind to the story/style of this game. I heard this game was good, but it wasamazing. Fables/storybook characters (hello Snow White). A dark and shocking storyline. Deep characters. Tough choices. Excellent execution by Telltale. This game really is the whole package. You feel so involved and connected with the characters and the story you can't help but feel like you really are The Big Bad Wolf, there to be a thankless protector and put your neck on the line for your community.The game just continuously got better and better. You're neverreallysure of your actions, and it seem like you're going to make enemies no matter what you do... and you're left with more questions than you started. But damn, is it worth it.I'm already impatient for season 2."
,Recommended,250320,16744172,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,theemattv,its good and stuff
76561198074516946,Recommended,250320,16744737,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,WeaponX,
,Recommended,250320,16752655,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DocCastle,"Having completed all of episode 1, I can assure you this game is fantastic.I know nothing about telltale game series, and I never tried them b/c adventure games never have enough action.Let me make this clear: this game sets the bar for story-telling period.I wish other games could do dialogue and branching story the way this game does. In games with branching arcs, I always wondered what was happening in the other arcs, and could easily tell where the difference was. In this game, I still do not know if anything is different from the intended story line other than a few obvious ones.When you make dialogue choices they all seem good. They all flow well too. The timer also makes it feel more like a real interaction: you can't deliberate for minutes on how to approach something. No one dialogue choice is correct, and when you make one that really matters, they will reward you in the upper left corner saying ""Character X will remember your kind words""."
,Recommended,250320,16752658,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Toxicological_Ice,The Good-Art style is amazing-story is never dull-Voice acting is great-how the charaters act doesn't change chapter to chapter-How well what you say effects others later in the story-Keeps you asking questionsThe Bad-These lips are sealed-The Ugly-WE DON'T HAVE A SEASON TWO YET!!
76561198106822648,Recommended,250320,18385509,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tyuk Spunds,"So. I think this was an incredible game. I have had a lot of fun, and experienced horror, sadnedd and glee in unequal parts. The grim style of narration, the world, the characters, the art... everything is impeccable. Now. Where the hell is my season two?!"
76561198051062641,Recommended,250320,18394487,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,connell.vandepeear,"Fantastic game. Great mood to the whole thing, well acted, amazingly animated and a gripping story!Easy to develop a connection with the characters which means when things go bad, there is an emotional connection! Well worth every penny!"
,Recommended,250320,18403544,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,[KG] Wintermute,Loved every minute of it. I've been a long time fan of the Telltale series.
,Recommended,250320,18390649,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Quizman,LOVE IT SO FAR!!!!
76561198048684849,Recommended,250320,18390060,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,AmyKasio,"The cinematography in this is outstanding. I love the slight 80s city vibe. The story is great as well. I never liked storytelling games until I played this. This was a nice, relaxing entertainment that didn't require too much from me. Dim the lights, have a j and watch the story unfold."
,Recommended,250320,18388928,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,tervicz,"What to say. I bought the game because i like storytelling, werewolves and yeah... that's it. I can say that it offers limited options if you like i.e. open world rpgs, basicallly reminding me CD interactive movies 20 years ago. But yet, story, voices, graphics and atmosphere are so amazing that it was actually one of the best gaming experiences in a long period. So, if there is a little bit of wolf in you... just don't think, get this and play."
,Recommended,250320,18425706,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Zeeria,"I need more of this...I can easily see myself playing this game several times over. Worth the buy, worth the time."
76561198086079018,Recommended,250320,18425984,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Zezie,"I loved the story, the pacing and the mix inbetween detective-gameplay mixed with some more action filled scenes. It was basically like watching a good movie but being able to interact with it at the same time, definitely recommended! Other than that, my lips are sealed."
,Recommended,250320,18422425,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Brand Name Butter,"This games ♥♥♥♥ing good yo. I don't even like murder mysteries that much and this game kept my hands sweaty the whole eight hours it took me through one playthrough. Twisty turny, crazy♥♥♥♥♥stylized world that will definetly make me play again."
76561198041931281,Recommended,250320,18422781,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Squirrel,wow....i cant begin to explain how well done this game was....its story is absolutly fantastic. BRAVO....this is with out a doubt a must own game. I want a new season so bad. 10/10!
76561198091887057,Recommended,250320,18442047,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Caiy,Awesome game!
76561198045952524,Not Recommended,250320,18435579,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Profile name,"I'm writing this review before I've finished the game for a reason I'll outline in a moment.SO FAR:As a sum of it's part, the game is pretty great.The game is rich with story, and the protagonist really carries the conflict which of course makes for a great interactive narrative.This is my first forray into Tell Tale Games' unique story-telling, but the controls seem well-balanced and occasionally thrilling for a point-and-click.The graphics are fitting, and the game is as well-directed a cinematic experience as I've encountered.The English voice acting is mostly great, and my suspension of disbelief was maintained through the iffy bits by the other high points mentioned in this review.THE REASON I WOULD NOT RECOMMENDWhen the game prompts choices I'm never consistently violent, diplomatic, etc, as the circumstances in these types of games are usually diverse and riddled with delicious ambiguity. During my playthrough of The Wolf Among Us, I enjoyed the variety of choice and how, often, the consequences of choice aren't immediate, some slow-burning.Sounds like a good thing, right? The story is so engaging that when I encountered a few bugs, the experience suffered some level of deflation. As some unfortunate soul with Mac gaming computer, I'm understand some dev teams lack solid control oncrashesandgame save issuesacross formats, but with this kind of narrative format the plot can easily become tarnished and destroyed whena choice I made not even two episodes before fails to carry into the climax, where a lot of these choices infuence your hand-picked, chaotically curated ending you were emotionally invested in.Specifically, there seems to be an issue with the game'srountine crashes (""quit unexpectedly"") which every forty minutes or so, always during a conversation,influencing game saves. I had to replay several scenes twice, which was sometimes enjoyable, but I don't understand how choices I made without the game crashing,such as killing Dum or not burning the tree, are altered when I begin playing the final episode.I loaded my only save, and then I noticed that the re-cap during the beginning of Episode 5 was not consistent with my playthrough. I hoped that it wouldn't affect the rest of the episode, but the nature of the finale relies heavily on choices made many episodes prior. Without a way to alter player choices (seems I must finish the game first),I must sit through an ending that I do not fully understand. I had to reply to a question about my actions at a location I chose to not go to.TL;DRIn my opinion, if a game's interactive narrative format relies heavily on game saves persisting across episodes, the game saves should work. I was in the middle of a long and deep conversation in Episode 5, but the game crashed so instead of firing it back up to re-do a conversation my actual choices are not reflected in, I figured that would be the perfect time to write this review.If I hadn't bought it on sale I'd have refunded it."
,Recommended,250320,18436172,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,๓๏гչк๏г,"Options when talking to sad Woodsman:1.""Do Somthing""2.""Glass him""3.""Do Something else...""Me: Ooo! Glass him? I wonder what that does! Give him a glass of...*Click*[Bigby smashes the glass against Woodsman's face]Oh...lol...definitely not glass of water!"
76561198090138245,Recommended,250320,18436346,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,9 VOLT,one of the best telltale game's ever<3
76561198022131602,Recommended,250320,18436353,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Musical Tanks,"This is another great game from Telltale and their story-video game style. Its a detective serries and it is very complex and compelling. You grow emotionally attached to the characters and your moral choices through the game really do shine through.But in my opinion the ending to this game was rather botched. The last 5 minutes of gameplay could have been so much better.  It left a relationship really unresolved and left huge questions for the player and no way to truly discern the answers.So i recomend this game because it really is great, just prepare to overlook the last 5 minutes."
,Recommended,250320,18430481,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Jennifer Aniston,awesome
,Recommended,250320,13167971,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,"Probably one of my favorite games of all time. I was instantly addicted to it. The story of this game is amzing, you'd never guess anything that happens. The characters are interesting and very well voice acted. If you like TWD series by TellTale you will LOVE this game. I cannot wait for season 2 of TWAU! I also cannot wait to see how TellTale interprets the Game of Thrones universe! 9.5/10!"
76561198055377563,Recommended,250320,13168048,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,John Westgate,it's r8 4/82 not bad like skyrim but nothing like skyrim.
,Recommended,250320,13171066,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Buddy Christ,BUY IT. YOU GET TO SEE A BUNCH OF FAIRYTALE BEINGS BEAT THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF EACH OTHER. On another note there`s an incredible story and it`s the most engaging game i`ve played in a long time
76561198002332909,Recommended,250320,13171469,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bad Buddha,9/10Best cigarette smoking simulator ever.-1 because Huff & Puff is a crap brand.
,Recommended,250320,13171919,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CryoDragon27,"A very engrossing interactive narrative based off Fables, a VERTIGO comics series.  I enjoyed it and am looking forward to more from Telltale Games."
,Recommended,250320,13172222,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,That One Guy,"This. Game. Is. ♥♥♥♥ing. Amazing.No, seriously, it's one of the best stories I've experienced in a far too long time, and filled to the top with memorable characters, and your decision really have a heavy, intense feeling that it might would've been ok if you said or did something else.The combat's a tiny bit off, but not enough to ruin it, filled with surprises and plot twists, and really shows that 'The Big Bad Wolf' can choose to have mercy, or rip everything limb from limb.Oh... and that GOD DAMNED ENDING!!!!! I demand a sequel, NOW! or atleast a part 6 where I may have a chance at fixing my final mistakes.Amazing game, and incredible story, 9.7/10"
76561198082565023,Recommended,250320,13173580,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bunjy,"Another belter from Tell Tale. You do not need to have read the original source material to enjoy this pitch perfect neo noire mysery.Again the same flawes are present, clunky controls and quick time button mashing combat. But that is not the main draw to a tell tale game, it is the story that shines through and boy is it a story. Twists and turns gallor, not the same feel to weight of your desisions as the walking dead but there is a definite change to the story and other characters as you try to get your head around all of the murders double dealing and back door politics.I found myself breaking the rule that I had set myself to only play one episode a day and just played all the way through. Definilty a well made purchase."
,Recommended,250320,13173935,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mr President,"I was a big fan of the Walking Dead, and The Wolf Among Us is no different. Fantastic pace, storytelling, dialogue, characters and art style - a real gripping game to play.HOWEVER, the game is utterly broken on (after doing some research) machines with Intel integrated graphics. It might also be a Mac thing - but integrated graphics seemed to be the common cause online. The game crashed for me on average every fifteen minutes, and sometimes this came at the end of a level - meaning I would have to do the whole chapter again.It's a testament to the quality of the game itself that I wanted to stick with it, despite its limping technical performance. But it's a terrible shame because the lingering prospect of an inevitable crash ruined the immersion of the story.I recommend the game wholeheartedly if you have a system that it actually works on. If you don't, then it's up to you."
76561198052329862,Recommended,250320,13174341,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,kiramira99,"As a fan of the comic I was a little afraid that the game would not live up to my expectations...As it happens, I had nothing to be afraid of, the game delivers! The game delivers mouthful after mouthful of pure awesomeness. The story, the gameplay.. all of it so good.I loved it, everyone should play it. Play it now!"
76561198030790849,Recommended,250320,13174465,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,FreshHaus,"The story is so engrossing, this game is truly a welcome suprise. Its much more of an interactive mini series, which makes the game very accessable. I have high hopes for this genre of video games after playing through the five episodes of this game. The artstyle is great, branching dialogues are well done and while I don't know if your decisions drastically change outcomes since I've only played through it once, there are a select few charcters you can choose to kill or keep alive. I only wish that the game provided more lore, and opportunities such as when you are in the business office library to read the different backstories and fables of the different characters in beautifully illustrated tomes such as ""The Book of Fables."""
,Recommended,250320,13175316,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Solitude,"*NO SPOILERS*Whether you're into thrillers, action, or great storylines, TellTale will have you on your toes for a good 9 hours.The game has a great storyline with tons of twists that will leave your jaw wide-open. The game is based around Bigby Wolf, also known as ""The Big Bad Wolf"", the Sheriff of ""Fabletown"". Fabletown is full of legendary Fables such as Snow White, Beauty and the Beast, TweedleDum and TweedleDee, and many more fables that I cannot mention due to spoilers. The game has absolutely beautiful graphics that run on my machine at a solid 60 FPS. However, there are minor tears and pauses but not enough to break the chilling atmosphere. The game's graphics and storyline contribute to the horrific, corrupt, and dangerous city that brings a sense of realism that the player can relate to. Playing as Bigby, you feel obligated to help Fabletown, but you do not necessarily have to follow that route, for the game is ""tailored"" to your playstyle. I played Bigby as a leveled-headed sheriff who used violence when someone was not cooperating. I can see players also playing as a hard♥♥♥♥♥or even a softie. You can be who you want to be. You have many environments to search through for crime-investigations and, luckily, compared to its counterparts ""The Walking Dead"", I didn't find myself walking around for a while trying to search for something stupid. It felt like everything I searched for had a reason. It was not too hard to search, however it's not shallow. Like I stated before, the game is tailored to you, and you don't always have to investigate, it'll just make things easier on you in the long run. Speaking of gameplay, the action mechanics are solid. Bashing someone over the head while interrogating them never felt so real or during a crazy fight between you and a rival. The way you talk to people can really influence their opinions of you and they can sometimes catch you if you are lying. The characters are very dynamic and are all different in their own way due to their big egos and stellar voice acting. The ending is absolutely jaw-dropping and definitely, what seems to be, a suggestion for a sequel.So, in short, this game receives a 5/5 from me. It's solid in every way besides a very small tear in frames every once in a blue moon when there is a scene change. Spend your money on this wonderful adventure from TellTale.Thanks for reading my review!"
,Recommended,250320,13175653,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,abyssalsoul,"Wonderful story. I would recommend anyone that loves a really great story with their games to get this and to also read the comics, they're even better."
,Recommended,250320,13089923,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Winged_Freak,"awesome game, very cool graphics and based off of one of my favorite graphic novel series :)the story line is really cool and just a heads up to anyone playing it, save your money during the first chapter"
,Recommended,250320,13092036,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,StealthHazrd,"For everyone who played The Walking Dead, you won't be disappointed. To anyone knew to the Talltale series, you're in for a treat!  If you love a good story this game is for you. The twists and turns this story takes you through has you saying ""WTF!"" in so many good ways. It will keep you guessing till the end and even then you will likely play through again to see what choices you could have made differently. It's an engaging story, both in plot, and in controls. While its mostly predetermined responses, and a quick time control game, that won't stop you from feeling like you have an impact throughout the game. In my opinion, The Wolf Among Us builds upon what was accomplished in The Walking Dead, and has become one of my favorite games."
76561197970408157,Recommended,250320,13092276,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,DeftMunky,"An adventure game without puzzles really, but great writing, acting, characters, and story. If you enjoy the Fable universe, you'll enjoy The Wolf Among Us. Playing as Bigby is a treat."
76561198010142184,Recommended,250320,13093917,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,asghar bukhari,Great but way too little game play before its over
,Recommended,250320,13270532,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Norx,Great game! 10/10
76561198056193645,Recommended,250320,13272324,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sister of Pume,The best game I've ever played in my life...... When will Bigby and Snow kiss?
76561198095172250,Recommended,250320,13273204,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mcbullets89,Outstanding game. So original and would advise anyone to get this a.s.a.p.
76561198046614574,Recommended,250320,13273349,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Eric,[Glass him]
76561198047948761,Recommended,250320,16496304,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Arcane Regular Sgc,"I'm a fan of point and clickers and The Wolf Amoung Us is a point and clicker at heart. The gameplay is based more around QTE's and picking the right thing to say to each person. Making different choices in how you interact with people effects the story...kind of. Despite all the choices and interactions the game only has 3 real endings. Either you kill the main badguy, you don't or you get a game over and uninstall it forever in fustration. This means that for all the choices you make there is no real repercussions except a line here and there saying ""yes you did act like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/niceguy then"" and these lines seem to be akwardly jammed into the dialouge. Despite this the story is interesting and playing as Bigby feels cool. I'm glad i played it but i wish it and other games like it didn't suffer from the choices mean nothing thing."
,Recommended,250320,16376884,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MAX POWERS :O,Finished in just 9 hours. I have no life ;-;
76561198018501575,Recommended,250320,16499393,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cpt.Roberto,What can I say. I am looking forward to the second season!
76561198013978438,Recommended,250320,16499844,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fawar,Best game Telltale has done!
,Recommended,250320,16505058,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,osricen,"Glitchy. And it could have smoother transitions, feel more polished. But overall, it's a WONDERFUL experience that will keep you watching and playing. Amazing! Hopefully a second season will come out one day and will learn from this first one's flaws. Very recommended!"
76561198069223800,Recommended,250320,13846095,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Enricky17,Plays exactly like the Walking Dead games with a bit of detective work thrown in. This is by far Tell Tales greatest episodic game to date!
,Recommended,250320,13850192,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Worms Morph Into Snakes,Gave a talking pig a cigarette and ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped an old man.10/10
,Recommended,250320,13714848,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,averacon,awesomness
,Recommended,250320,13716990,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,A_Sloth,"Excellent storytelling and feels fulfilling to play despite being story driven. Characters are well defined and wonderful, lore is fun to learn about, and your decisions feel important.  10/10"
,Recommended,250320,13717392,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Janitor Kiv,"Pros:- Beautiful- Interesting- Choose your own path- ♥♥♥♥in' awesomeCons:- Not infinite, makes you beg for more"
,Recommended,250320,18680806,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sass-quatch,A truly great game where choices actually matter.Only problem? Seems to crash frequently on Mac.
76561198155794665,Recommended,250320,18677567,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Chabi,"Don't buy this for Mac. Crashes evertime it saves, so you have to play each chapter twice. And it crashes at the intro of Chapter 4, so I can't even start that. It's a great, wonderful game, but these chrashes that tell-tale games has (after a year!) still not taken out, kinda ruin the experience."
,Recommended,250320,18692831,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Scarlite,So...When's The Wolf Among Us 2?
,Recommended,250320,18580315,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DFFSH,"Good gamemaybe, this even better than Walking Dead Season Two+All Eposides are great for me, and every each of them has its own twist+Memorable Character- Glitch at the end of episode 5before you walk into lift, theres a text saying ""the choices are blank"" . and after that, i've came back to early of chapter 5Sorry about the english, cause' its not my mother tongue10/10 Would Wait until Season 2  is released"
,Recommended,250320,18634019,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Xnives,My gateway Telltale game. A must play!
,Recommended,250320,18479308,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,pfhy2k,"Based off the Fables comic, very deep and engaging storyline and choices which do matter. Artwork is nice and thoroughly enjoyed this game even though there was only 7 hours or so of gameplay"
,Recommended,250320,18479411,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Aunt Jemima,Amazing story! worth it if you are thinking to buy this game then do it because the story blowed my mind tbh(unexpected things) also no worries it includes every episode :).I'm WAITING FOR SEASON 2 OF THIS GAME.Minecraft game was a waste of time tbh.
76561198005226319,Recommended,250320,18479223,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Revan Dawnstar,"I love anything fairy tale related so this hooked me.  It's basically fairy tale characters in a modern, gritty setting.  I loved the story, characters, graphics, and gameplay.  I was pretty well hooked until I finished it.  The only possible setbacks/cons is the strong language everywhere and some content, for which it is rated appropriately, so fair warning."
,Recommended,250320,18496541,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,bee,"Great game that has all of the trademarks of a classic TellTale game: intriguing characters, fascinating storyline, and dynamic choice based point/click adventure. QTE like usual feels a little tacked on, but does not detract from an overall amazing game."
,Recommended,250320,18494629,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,FallenBeyond,"I just finished the game and can't wait for season 2 to come out.I'm a sucker for fairytales and for crime shows/books, so this game was like a dream come true for me.The story is great and so are the characters.I even got my book loving friend to start playing video games because of this game.I was sad though that we didn't get to meet Red Riding Hood."
,Recommended,250320,18476084,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Kilroy Sui,"A fun little game that keeps you interested. However, your actions change the story less than you'd expect."
76561198042282745,Recommended,250320,18480937,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,G-Force Gaming,"I felt that I had to write a review for this fantastic game.First off, Telltale are a prefered studio of mine, having played many games by the company and this s up there with the greats of any company, I am a big adventure game player having clocked countless hours over the years, immersing myself in a good story.  I was unsure as to whether I would like the wolf among us as it is more of an interactive story than a standard pint and click but I was far from dissapointed.The story telling is first class and it flows seemlessly with a gripping narrative throughout and excellent action sequences that enhance the game throughout.If you are a fan of the darker side of a fairytale and a fan of noir style stories then this is cetrainly a game or you.The Characters are very likable and remarkably well voiced, and by the end of the first episode, you really care about what happens to the people of fabletown.All in all this is a first class game and I highly recommend you ad it to your collection :)"
76561198239666730,Recommended,250320,18490630,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Expert Gamest,"A truly brilliant adventure game made by none other then Telltale. The fairy tales and stories this game plays off of brings a warm feeling to the heart and hits you right in the nostalgia. Pray for a second one, and buy this one while you're at it."
76561198008019408,Not Recommended,250320,18465695,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,dutko,"i made all the wrong choices and still solved the ""puzzles"""
,Recommended,250320,18477528,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ShonaNingyo,"I *do* recommend this game, but there are some finer points I want to briefly elaborate on before completely selling it to you.This game excels in its color palette, tone, and setting. A present-day NYC that is inhabited by figures and creatures of lore and fairytales. The characterization of said characters are given modern twists, with all the vices and interpretations one could expect.Georgie Porgie, the foul-mouthed, tattoed Irish pimp was by far my favorite, with Grendel coming in second place. :DThe game is well-paced, though I felt it was a bit lacking in Chapter 5 after a certain event occured. I'm being vague for a reason...My complaints with this game are as follows:1) Choices don't matterIt is painfully clear that only the huge choices matter--who lives, who dies--and dat's it. The only thing that ends up happening with you being civil or an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is that characters are only a tiny bit nicer to you or way more bitter with you than they need to be when confronted by you.Off the top of my head, you can only prevent the deaths of, what, 2 characters? It doesn't matter how egalitarian and good you are at choosing your words carefully, or how callous you are: Certain characters will die, and I find that wholly unfair. It means that you could be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to people and you'd still get your answers roughly with the same consistency as being nice, which only leaves your choices as a novelty and seeing the pre-set script fall into place after reacting to YOUR reactions. It's that transparent.2) Replayability is 0.000%. There is absolutely no reason for me to replay this game since it's a mystery, and because I suppose I could always read the comics if I was ever so inclined to look up more of this story. Or watch Once Upon a Time. Captain Hook looks hot as hell.So I'd play this for the experience of a TellTale Game even though I find it lacks in certain areas, namely agency and the fact that what you do really doesn't matter all that much in the end, which is a shame. Yeah, that would mean tons of more quest trees for the developers to fill out depending on your actions, but since when did I ever care about the workload of the nameless game makers? Neeeever."
76561198112190701,Recommended,250320,18477840,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SHAAAAAUUUUN,"I've watched so many playthroughs of this game I thought I wouldn't enjoy playing it myself, but boy was I wrong. I love nearly everything about this game. The graphics are beautiful. The mashup of beat-em-up, point and click, and detective adventure was perfect.1 - 10 GradesPlot/Story - 10 (Unpredictable and leaves you wanting more. Unfortunately Telltale is 'busy' with other games -_-)Graphics - 9.5 (It's beautiful but it sometimes looks a little weird when moving)Gameplay - 10 (It's really fun)Characters - 10 (Interesting and likable characters) (I love Bigby Wolf so much) (Snow is a ♥♥♥♥♥)Soundtrack - 8 (Not very memorable but good and fits the theme)Overall - F*ck it I'm giving it a 10/10Cons- Not a very long game. You could finish this game in a day if you like. I wouldn't recommend this.- Kind of glitchy, the text options got messed up a few times. Just close and reopen to fix this.Favorite thing about this game:Choices. The way your choices come back to haunt you makes you feel like Bigby. You can play as good cop or bad cop. You can be both. It's your choice, afterall.Should you buy it?YES. A million times yes.WARNING: You might fall in love with Bigby regardless of your gender preference. You have been warned."
76561198087580196,Recommended,250320,18482301,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Kvarg Sama,i like this game! Recemmond it
,Recommended,250320,13550753,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,iBenParry,"I'm a fan of Telltale, I've played their Walking Dead series which brought me to play The Wolf Among Us. At first I was torn on buying it, but picked it up in the sale and decided to take a crack at it, and I'm glad I did. The Wolf Among Us is by far the greatest game Telltale have created to this point. The story, the twists, the characters, it's perfect and I cannot fault it.If you are a fan of any Telltale game, buy this. The Wolf Among Us will not let you down and will remain to be one of your favourite games you will ever play.Bit bummed that season 2 is delayed till 2016, but hopefully it's worth the wait."
76561198036194776,Recommended,250320,13550821,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Incubus,"Finally made the purchase when it was on discount and didnt regret it! Do note that I purchased without knowing what exactly the stroryline or backstory is about! Finished two episodes so far and the storyline is great! Gameplay is nothing to shout about, its mainly click n tap here n there n doesnt has much puzzles as compared to Grim Fandago or Full Throttle of the 90s but the amazing storyline and decision choices makes up for it!Definitely a must buy if you're also a fan of the telltale walking dead series! 9/10!"
,Recommended,250320,13552154,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,"Er4seR-""Coppola""",This game is just awesome. It is like a film just you're playing the main part in it. Dont expect a lot of action or a RPG. Just relax and hope you make the right decision.
,Recommended,250320,13552874,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,M3ND4C17Y,"Awesome game. Much darker than I expected, considering the subject matter of fables. I've finished two parts and I can't wait to finish the game and then play it through again with different choices."
76561197980130582,Recommended,250320,13553800,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,WinterWarz,so far i don't see much gameplay. But wow i a hooked amazed this is a must buy for anyone better then movie story action and you control the outcome through making decissions. Its really great if you don't like this go spend 30 on a movie at the theater that sucks this is 5 on sale and amazing and i so happy i found this awsome gem. this brilliant story amazing art work. i almost want to start getting comics again thank you wolf amoung us!
,Recommended,250320,13554008,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,zinnia,"very interesting detective story driven game.yes it has simple mechanics, but the story makes up for it."
76561198156677078,Recommended,250320,13809019,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Draklor710,My first time playing this type of game. Well pleased I got it.
,Recommended,250320,13813976,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sneetle,"Another absolutely astonishing game from TellTale full of action and near-impossible moral decisions. A wonderful spin on the fairytales we heard as children with beautiful and unique graphics. My only complaint is that I came across a glitch when playing chapter five that included ""This option is blank!"" for every dialogue choice and the game skipping around scenes that had already been played before leaving me as a floating head in Georgie's strip club. This can be fixed by verifying the game's cache and restarting, but it was still very odd.Overall though, I'd give the game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,13814728,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ChuggyBuddy,"This is game is AMAZING! I've played through this game at least four times and enjoyed each time. The story line for this game is an intense mystery and the characters are all interesting and different. The one dissapointment I have with this game is the fact that the choices don't really impact the story at all. Still, the lines and plot of this is both hillarious and dramatic. There are plenty of good fight scenes and there are even choices within those. I would reccomend this to anyone who enjoys a good old fashioned point and click game.Are you afraid of the big bad wolf?"
,Recommended,250320,13931743,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MegaK1lla,Отличная нуар-история.
,Recommended,250320,13936399,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,dmhalejr,Smashed a statue of Napolean Bonaparte on the Jersey Devil in a pawn shop 10/10
76561198050631206,Recommended,250320,13940541,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,BinaryKode,"The masters of story have done it again. The Wolf Among Us has managed to create the DC Comic Fables universe and made a choose-your-own-adventure style point and click mystery game. The artstyle, similar to that of rotorscoping is fantastic for a tribute to the comic books by DC. All the characters are connectable and they are incredibly multidimensional. There is no character that is bland or ignorable. Each choice affects the story and also after each episode you reflect on the choices you made. TellTale have managed to make a game that teaches us about ethics and consequences of injustice.I cannot wait to see more from TellTale with the Game Of Thrones game"
76561198000326220,Recommended,250320,13946624,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lysamus,"It's not so much a game or a story as a ""what would you do"" simulator.  The narrative is decent but the investigative elements feel underdeveloped.  The world and the characters of Fabletown help carry the experience and keep the player invested in the story.  The choices the game asks you to make feel too binary at times in an attempt to characterize the protagonist.  The final chapter helps redeem the sins of its predecessors to a degree, but I find the Walking Dead Telltale games to be a stronger entry in the ""Adventure Game"" genre.  It's a shame though, as I feel this game has greater potential than Walking Dead due to its unique atmosphere.  I sincerely hope the next iteration of this game, should there be one, learns from its misdirections.  If you've already played the Walking Dead games and hunger for more, this game will hold you over briefly."
,Recommended,250320,13729450,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Philip Seymour Walkman,Neo-noir thriller with familiar characters from fables taking the main stage and dealing with real life porblems... like murder. Dark humour and fantastic storytelling abound.
,Recommended,250320,13729877,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kass,"I have never been so happy and so sad when finishing a video game.10/10, cannot wait for Season II."
76561198006983080,Recommended,250320,13732739,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,gg gamer,"Its like a interactive comic book movie that you dont want to end. Every choice has a response. Love these games. Very interesting characters and a nice twist on childhood fairytales. Well done!! If you spend $20 on a movie, this is a no brainer to play!!"
,Recommended,250320,13733732,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ganymede,"A friend recommended this to me, and man am i thankful he did.The Wolf Among Us is a 1920's style Neo Noir detective story set in 1986.  The story is a classic who done it but with a fantastically clever storytelling twist using the fairytale; fable; nursary rhyme and mythic characters.The main protagonist is the big bad wolf known as Bigby Wolf who is under a spell so that the mundies [humans] cannot see him in his true form.  This is because all the fairytale characters that are not humanoid need a spell known as a glamour to hide their true form otherwise they are sent to stay at a place known as the farm. The characters have fled the homeland  and now reside in New York, hidden from humans using spells; the area they live in is known as Fable Town.A murder happens, and here begins your adventure...My advice would be to check this game out. 10/10"
76561197990658132,Recommended,250320,13767145,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,emb,"Awesome game, just like the Walking Dead from Telltale games.Superior story and dialog, also Telltale always manage to pull you into the game, thats rare now days imo."
,Recommended,250320,13768929,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,S E X Y    P E P E,Next amazing title from Telltale. Story is very well driven and plot is thrilling. I have enjoyed whole story from the beginning to the end. Definitely well spent money.
76561198081247408,Recommended,250320,13769529,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SoioR0mulus,"I played through the episodes in a row since I purchased the game after it had been completely released.  I bought this without knowing anything about the Fables comics and solely because I loved The Walking Dead Telltale games.Pros- I very much enjoyed that the game allowed me to go more renegade than I expected. I had played the nice guy through the TellTale games and wanted to try something different.  I thought this was well done and enjoyed the choives they offered.- The characters are great and translate well from their storybook counterparts. I loved looking forward to seeing who would pop up next.- An actual boss fight! That is awesome!- Meaningful subplots and character interactionsCons- The choices are defintely there, ad they affect dialogue, but the main story features seem to end the same. I think that in order for you to get the most out of this game you have to accept that your choices affect the world, and enve though the outcome is the same as if you didnt make the choice, you affected the world. If you can't live with that, its not the game for you.- Sometimes the dialogue is forced back in line with where it has to go and you think...but how did it even get there?Overall I loved the game, a short review but all in all I recommend if you like TellTale games, it made me want to read the comics it is based on.7.5/10"
,Recommended,250320,11158362,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Uttv,Fantastic story with rich character!
,Recommended,250320,16268344,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,kibley_,"Great game, can't wait for season two. If you like telltale and if you like mystery games this is the game for you."
76561198084006526,Recommended,250320,16270844,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,The stupendous rotating rectum,"This game is absolutely marvelous! I bought it because it looked like a very original game, even though the walking dead was a similar game by the same producers. I liked the idea, and i still really do! The characters are topnotch! The gameplay is fantastic! The artwork is amazing! The atmosphere of the universe this game takes place in, is well developed and executed! It is one of my favourite games by far. If you are considering to buy it, don't even consider. Just do."
76561197999296229,Recommended,250320,16479529,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lord Gucci!,"I don't see why you should not pick this game up. This game is nothing about gameplay only about story. It has qte but it works fine in a game like this. The story is amazing and the characters are amazing, by doing your own decesions makes you fell a part of the game that I really like, if you got the money and want a game that you just sit back and relax while playing/watching then this is for you. The game last about 8 hours for one playtrough."
,Recommended,250320,16481363,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,leisathegreat,"The Wolf Among Us is one of the most memorable games I've ever played.  The characters are funny and true-to-life (even though they're fables XD) and the mystery is so enthralling.   Lots of plot twists and, as always, Telltales is amazing at telling a fantastic story and building a beautifully twisted world!  100% reccomend for anyone interested in an interative storytelling, point & click style, murder-mystery experience.WARNING: nudity, prostitution, gore, & mentions of drug use."
,Recommended,250320,16481798,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Trybin,Great game !
76561198104542747,Recommended,250320,16483298,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,spycrab68,"So this game is awesome and I actually would give it a definite four out of five stars. however, I'm playing on a MacBook Pro 13 Inch early 2015 and the game is really ♥♥♥♥ing with my computer. I'll play the game a bit and then put my computer to sleep, only to find later that the resolution is completely ♥♥♥♥ed over. I don't really know why this is happening, the game runs fine considering my Mac has a pretty good graphics card, it definitley would add to my happiness with the game if the resolution stopped being so weird."
76561198219066440,Recommended,250320,16484156,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KatieKustard,"I am only on the second episode, but already hooked.I love the graphic style and the story."
76561198045391336,Recommended,250320,16489484,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ShiftyQuail,"""The Wolf Among Us"" is a smoothly animated, slickly stylized, mechanically sound, and well acted game built upon a fantastic premise of folk tales and fables struggling to get by in New York City's urban backbone.  I enjoyed it immensely, and love how engaging Telltale has managed to made this Point and Click adventure game.  Here's hoping Season 2 is right around the corner."
,Recommended,250320,16491581,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tron Paul,[Glass Him]
76561198118338337,Recommended,250320,16521708,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Nyx,"If you're into games that have a rich story, where your decisions impact the storyline, interactions and relationships with characters, then any Tell Tale video game is going to be a massive hit. Especially The Wolf Among Us.What's most interesting about this game is that it revolves around fairytales, but it gives it a twist. And honestly, that's what sogoodabout it. The life of basically every fairytale character you have ever heard of, or even read of, have been put into this game in a way that you'd never think possible--or even imagine. It tries, anddefinitelysucceeds in intertwining these fairytale characters into 'our world' (into our reality), and the thing that got to me was the fact that despite their lives in their fairytales,  ending with 'Happily Ever After', they're desparately trying to survive in the Mundie world (this is a reference used by the characters to identify/talk about humans; somewhat an abbreviation of Mundane).Some characters in the game have tried to do well to live in a world not familiar to their own, where adapting is difficult because of the Mundies. Playing as Bigby (The Big Bad Wolf) as someone who is infamous as the bad guy in the fairytales such as The Three Little Pigs and The Little Red Riding Hood, turns a new leaf.His personality and attitude towards other Fable characters is intriguing, for the fact that they don't partiularly trust him because of the 'past'.You have the decision to either make him the good guy, or the bad guy. And this is based on how you choose your dialogue options or actions (such as in-game real time sequences or choices). And what's really, and I mean /really/ a great thing about the relationships that are built you're partnered up with Snow White. It certainly gives it that romantic interest type of vibe with the main character.The relationships that are seen throughout the game, is magnificent. There was no way I would ever imagine that characters from different fairytales could come together and be friends with the main character, and with other people in general. The thing that greatly ties this game, for me, is the fact that each character has something troubling them and when it comes to choosing who to help/go to first, it's always a struggle because you're thinking of things such as:""If I go help this person, will this person betray me?""""If I pick this option then...""""Will this person die if...""It just accumulates various questions which always makes games like these thought-provoking and unique.The gameplay of T.W.A.U is pretty linear, such like T.W.D. They layout in which you choose dialogue options of actions is nicely set out. That said, the whole layout of this game is REALLY nice. And I mean, super nice.The settings of areas are outstanding, especially the design of characters too. They've all different personalities and the voice acting is great.I highly recommend this game, it's definitely worth it for the story and the consequences of your decisions."
76561198064335141,Recommended,250320,18782341,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SlackJawedMaggot,"This game was a fun adventure with twists throughout the story that kept me engaged until the end. In the last episode you see how many of your decisions could affect the game. It was fun to see everything unfold. Even though this is a game, it's more of a watch-it-your-way kind of show. There is less gameplay than acting, but you control the situation, or at least what you do and how you respond.10/10UniqueFunEntertainingGive me more."
,Not Recommended,250320,18607290,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CABOF,"At the beginning it looks nice...But then you realise that your choices don't play any rolel! Often even if you don't press any buttons at all, the game will just keep going. It doesn't matter what you answer, who you kill, it doesn't even matter if you play! Because it's not even a game. I finished it twice and I was disappointed."
76561198162309952,Recommended,250320,18648418,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,radowan.rt,One of the best game ever!
76561198063562379,Recommended,250320,18443869,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,DeTaXs,"I'm in love with Snow White now, great job, really."
76561198200711986,Recommended,250320,18431807,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,MissChubbyCheeks,"This is so awesome! I really like the style and the story. If you usually skip the conversations - this isn't maybe not for you, since there's a lot of talking and waiting. I do think it's really great. It is also fun to see afterwards what choices others have made."
,Recommended,250320,18652720,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,RZ,"Unexpectedly exciting and entertaining!! Also, 2D animation is great and easily loveable.  A little problem is the choice in the game is quite quick for non-native English speaker like me and the choice made is irreversible.  Perhaps it's good side for replayability?"
76561198042387068,Not Recommended,250320,18628144,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,AbyssalBeast6x,"Gameplay 4/10Graphics 7/10Story 7/10I am guessing this game is one of Telltale Games' earlier works. The reason why I suggest this is because the player controls and gameplay are very low key. By that I mean if you bought the game and all 5 of it's episodes you are forced to deal with their reviews of the chapter before and a spoiler after you finish it without being able to skip it. Now the story was pretty good at least with the path that I took and I am not spoiling it but I will say that it feels short no matter which road you take. I got it on sale so I got it for a decent match to it's value but short game, short story and not so good gameplay all work together to me giving this review. It's not like it was garbage if you average my score out you still get a 6/10 which is pretty good.I will say that even though it's a GRAPHIC NOVEL I still expect a bit MORE gameplay as it is a game. Things that would've been enjoyable would be:1: Getting to play the detective role more. You do it once or twice but from there in you are mostly deducing, watching the story and responding to it, or fighting with awkward mechanics. [Which would be better after/during an investigation where you actually put things together. This does occur once during the game BUT ONLY ONCE.]2. Being able to change your choices based off the input of your allies. This game tries to put you into the moment by forcing you to think fast but really it just takes the humanity out of it. You should not only be able to choose a response but also be able to to choose to change your mind at least partially IF there is time for it.3. Being accused for things in the game that you didn't actually do. This will happen, it's annoying.4. ""I can't go into details right now."" This excuse for not telling somebody what is going on shouldn't be used so many times in one story and should be used as a spice.5. Repetitive choices in the same 1 minute of choice making.  This isn't fun for a player or a person. ""Wanna break his jaw? Wanna break his boombox, Wanna break his Jukebox? Wanna break his cups? Wanna break his TV?"" This isn't really a spoiler because it has no influence on the story AND YET IT HAPPENS WHY?6. It's a dark story I get it, but I think in some places where blood was excessive there were other places were there wasn't enough. Drug placement was annoying too but I guess fables don't need to worry about CANCER or being alcoholic.7.Brutal fighting, like a lot of it and in situations where all you want is to stop the person from punching your character it seems overkill.Aside from these bits the story was good, and the art made the story tolerable even some of the more gorey parts. It is very easy to connect to all the characters and I feel like even when you make mistakes the game doesn't lord them over your head too much. These ratings even without any specific improvement on them [aside from graphics] would've gotten a higher rating if the game was longer.I SHOULD be giving this a YES vote because as a Graphic novel it does it's job but because I bought it as a game lover and not as a person wanting a story I expected both gameplay and story from it. Take this more as a warning than a NO. To me as a game player this game has no replay value, is only good for light gaming and is not worth it's price at full cost."
,Recommended,250320,18663316,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SpookyTengu,"Another great addition to the Telltale game series. Based off the comic book ""Fables"" take on the role of sheriff Bigby Wolf (aka The Big Bad Wolf) as he solves a great mystery, the likes of which Fabletown has never seen before."
76561198072220483,Not Recommended,250320,18680541,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,danslefeu,The game holds a lot of potential but is riddled with errors on the Mac version. It shouldn't even be allowed to claim compatability. My Mac is well beyond the recommended system.
,Recommended,250320,10996743,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Prof. Pancakes,Starting to like this over the walking dead
,Recommended,250320,10949190,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rirse,I bought this only a week ago and already blazed through all the episodes and want more! Such a great game for something based on a comic book series that is very hit or miss.
,Recommended,250320,10949534,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,That moment,The best game EVER!
76561198042555791,Recommended,250320,10949846,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,krazyky20,"Just started playing this game and I'm totally hooked. There is a lot to explore the modern twist is great. The fairy tale creatures  have turned into something anyone could relate to. A touch away from our realities, only difference, they live way longer and don't die too easily"
,Recommended,250320,10950064,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LuxHyperion,"“Our stories used to be so simple. We had a beginning, a middle, and an end."" Fairy tales in a noir setting-- the Big Bad Wolf as a detective, Little Mermaid as a hooker, Beauty and the Beast as a drug mules; what more could you ask for?"
76561198045892058,Recommended,250320,10950451,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Eirikr Olafson,I love this game
,Recommended,250320,10950906,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cpl_Tunnel,"This is the pinnacle of the point-and-click adventure.  The storytelling is brilliant, the voice-acting is superb and the way the story shapes itself based on your input is pure joy.  There are QTE's...if you're the type to get butthurt over those, be forewarned (I've never seen what the major issue is with them, personally).  I've never seen the source material so I can't speak to how faithful it is, but if you're a fan of point-and-click (or if you enjoyed Telltale's The Walking Dead and are on the fence about buying this one), you'll enjoy this immensely."
76561197982352274,Recommended,250320,10951618,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,giomendo,Great game!
76561197998518779,Recommended,250320,10951691,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Stone Badger,"Interactive gaming to its fullest. Really enjoyed this (First Chapter completed so far). Went above and beyond any exspectations that I had of it. Wasn't too sure on what I would be getting into, turned out to be a wonderfully twisted reality on some of the most well known fairy tales, with a gripping story that had me itching to continue. I shall hold back, otherwise I will finish it all and have nothing left to look forward too.Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,250320,10952464,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,YellowandMellow,This is a great game! Beautifully deep and intense storyline that draws you in like a black hole! defenitly worth getting!
,Recommended,250320,10952741,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,theSlex,"I went into The Wolf Among Us with high expectations after thoroughly enjoying The Walking Dead: Season One. Telltale have a great team of creative folks and I love the feel of their games.TWAU largely lived up to my expectations. The Fables source material is fascinating and translates well to the Telltale formula. I found the interface and controls an improvement over TWD.My single gripe is that, perhaps due to the more fantastical nature of the narrative, I felt more detached from the story.  During TWD, I made each decision as I would personally make it in order to survive. In TWAU I consciously made most of my decisions how I felt Bigby SHOULD be making them, not necessarily how I would act if in his shoes.I don’t consider this a major slight toward the game. It’s still oodles of fun and I powered through it in a hurry. If you’re into story-driven games, The Wolf Among Us is for you."
76561198003644522,Recommended,250320,10954525,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,krakentime,"Phoenix Wright style story based, detective mystery point-and-click with amazing dialogue, game changing decisions, and satisfying puzzle solving without being too obtuse. You're also in a world where Snow White, The Big Bad Wolf, and Beauty and the Beast are all living in the same city. Definitely worth a buy especially if you are a fan of Telltale Games' previous titles such as The Walking Dead or Tales of Monkey Island. Keep in mind though that The Wolf Among Us is currently only on Episode 4 of presumably 5 episodes, so you will have to wait until Episode 5 is released to get the full story."
76561198030748969,Recommended,250320,10954838,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Toast for Twenty,"Telltale games has made another great choose-your-own-adventure title. From the start I could tell this would be a good adventure. I play Bigsby Wolf, the sheriff of Fabletown. Fabletown is a hidden community within New York City. Where fable creatures/people (Aka Fables I.E. Snow White, Big Bad Wolf, Bluebeard) all live. Based on the actual fables and not the children reboots. Within the first 5 minutes of the game I've already made tough choices and fought 'The Woodsman' (Arch enemy of the big bad wolf, who is my character). It's my job to find out who is killing fables, and why while struggling with my own morality. Do I remain Big and Bad or submit to the needs of the community and sympathize.If you enjoyed 'The Walking Dead' then you'll definitley enjoy this title as well.Telltale knows how to do choose your own adventure. NOW REDO KING'S QUEST!"
,Recommended,250320,10954888,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Skios,BRING ME... EPISODE 5. I'M ♥♥♥♥IN JONESING FOR IT MAN.
76561198141161185,Recommended,250320,10955093,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,KhansQueen,Short but sweet review here. The game is AMAZING. I have been looking forward to this game for a while. The choices really will change how the characters  re-act to bigby. They do remember previous things you do in the past and the choices you make. They will either fear you and presume you are the a-hole trash they assume you to be or learn that you are truelly trying to make it work for everyone living in our world.This truelly is a Grimm tale as their history came from. I love what they have done with this game it is truelly amazing. My only complaint is I wish it were longer. Numerically I would say 8/10 because I would like a little more freedom to roam and like I said I wish it were longer but it is still worth its sale price. Let us all support this game so it can continue its chapters and become even greater then a 10/10 like we know it can! :D. I will gladly continue to buy the DLC continued chapters of this game.In case you don't know you can buy chapter 4. If you were not able to get it on this site you can get it on the games company site. They are currently working on chapter 5.
,Recommended,250320,11113741,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TheBigBadWolf26,This is The Best Game I've ever Played.
,Recommended,250320,11114256,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Guthar,Another fantastic interactive story by Tell-Tale.Good:ArtMusicCharactersBad:Not enough games like this.Ratings:The Game: 9.5/10Toad: best character/10Snow White: 10/10 would bang
76561198061830917,Recommended,250320,11114994,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,AsCOTthursday,an accepting society where even fat trolls are prositiutes10/10
76561198117792650,Recommended,250320,11116795,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,RoeeN,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING
76561198072455640,Recommended,250320,11120457,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Starfire,recommended
,Recommended,250320,8402053,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,COinOPtranSplant,I really like this episode. Cannot believe I let this one slip my radar. If you like Noir and Magical axes through the skull then get this.
,Recommended,250320,11142590,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DieSlakkie,Captivating.Fantastically written.Sublime edge-of-the-seat quicktime events.Worth the watch.
,Recommended,250320,11142677,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,tehwereferret,"It is a well written game based on the graphic novels, Fables. Every choice you make effects the storyline in some way. Many choices challange your ethics and morals.It is a truly outstanding game. Another Telltale masterpiece."
,Recommended,250320,11142688,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Urfacesuks,Well another telltale series is over overall I loved this game so much to bad it had and there wont be another season[Or will there be]
,Recommended,250320,11142692,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[{AtL}] - BawsakSan,"Absolutely excellent, incredibly satisfying to play. Season 2 can't come too quickly."
76561198030949826,Recommended,250320,11142730,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Technomancer,"Another amazing game from Telltale Games. If you've played any of their other efforts, then you know what to expect.If you havent, then you will be in for an amazing story and some great voice acting from a game that plays very similar to The Walking Dead seasons 1&2 from the same studio.This tale is much more of a Detective story than i thought it would be, and i didnt realize how much i'd like that.It has an awesome story(cant mention that enough) with deep lore, Great voice-acting for memerable characters(probably from your childhood), and it's very easy for anyone to play.If youre into good story telling, making (sometimes hard) choices that have consequences, and trying to figure out ""who dun it?"" in an evolving murder-mystery then you'll really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,250320,11142789,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Xyve,"Adored this game. Every episode was never a dull moment - pardon the cliche. I've read quite a bit of the fable comics so I came into the game having an idea of what would happen, and what some of the characters would be like. Not exactly the same, but can't complain because tell tale studios have once again created a compelling story with great characters :).I'm a fan of The Walking Dead and I'm now a fan of The Wolf Among Us. Please make more amazing games Telltale studios :'D."
76561198003619702,Recommended,250320,11142797,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Horo,"If you're like me and weren't familiar with the Fables comics before playing this game then you might at first find the setting a little hard to place. All these opinions quickly fade when you realise how well Telltale's story writting has turned a fairy tale setting in to something mature, smart and surprisingly dark. This game is extremely engaging, often leaving each episode on a significant plot hook which unravels a small truth behind a murder mystery of sorts. Telltale have already proven they can pull off an emotional and heart wrenching story with The Walking Dead S1. With this game they've proven to pull off a smart, LA Noire type plot line. Without spoiling the game, players are left to make imaginative and mind blowing leaps in to the truth behind what really is going on in Fabletown.If you loved Telltales TWD's and like the sound of their story telling focused to a mature, smart, fairy tale murder mystery.  Then I can only say that I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,250320,11142807,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Spy Fapping Mah Sentry,"The Wolf Among Us is another great adventure made by Telltale. You play as the Big Bad Wolf trying to find the murderer of 2 women along with his partner Snow White, but you will soon find out it's more then just that. The game has some amazing fight scenes along with very good writing and a story that is full of things you would not expect.  9.5/10 get it now while it's on sale."
,Recommended,250320,11142855,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Babou,"Incredible experience. This fits perfectly into the established universe, and tells a compelling and provocative story. Don't miss out on this game."
,Recommended,250320,11142907,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bear Bear,One of the best games ive ever played very very sad s1 is over hoping there is a s2. 10/10 GO BUY IT NOW :)
,Recommended,250320,11142940,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Xashn,"played for the storyline, stayed for the fights."
76561198077774573,Recommended,250320,11143053,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,swrumbaugh,I have loved every second of this masterpeice! Do yourself a BIG BAD favor and play it from start to finish! You will not regret it!
76561198058264612,Recommended,250320,11143068,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,CappinCrunch,One of the best games ive played in a long while!
76561197997301056,Recommended,250320,11143081,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,cvendeen,"I liked this even better than The Walking Dead.  The world of fairy tales in NYC is rich and well-portrayed, and the noir style makes for a great mash-up.  Definitely not predictable!"
,Recommended,250320,11143121,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Daud,"This is one of the greatest game I ever played(and I've some experience on the topic).This is a tale, an adventure, full of surprises, full of shades, a complicate experience with different approaches on every issue.You won't change the entire plot, you're not gonna change the world's destiny but you are gonna forge all the details, the thoughts, the opinions, you're going to write a page of your story, and that's just amazing.Just buy it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250320,11143124,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Syrak,"Fairy Tale Noir, I liked it.  It's not long but it's a great story."
76561198065455221,Recommended,250320,11143180,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,MalcolmReyn0lds,"Just like The Walking Dead game, this game is HEAVY on the story....and it is an AMAZING story.  Again, it is a ""point-and-click"" type, episodic game.  The real thing to focus on is story (again) because the gameplay and graphics are near perfect.CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON 2!"
76561197990342216,Recommended,250320,11143181,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,The Pook,"This is a really fun episodic game. Love the story, characters, and feel of the game. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys this style of game, especially if they enjoyed the Fables comics."
,Recommended,250320,11143237,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Kerensky,"So much fantastic story, not used to games with this angle on them, and it's a welcome change.  Highly recommended if you enjoy a great story!"
,Recommended,250320,17604092,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,"""Captain"" Hair","Surprisingly great. I've only ever played the Walking Dead Tell-Tale games but this one was a great and I knew nothing about the lore or comics. Catch it on sale because - it's really short - and as usual, the decisions aren't game changing but do effect the characters and who is ultimately around in the end. Overall it's standard-fare Tell-Tale point & click detective work.I want to see the farm. Only thing that keeps me from rating this higher.Snow is hot.8.2/10"
,Recommended,250320,17609285,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,VG Purist,A very interesting tale set in the fairy tale universe of all of our beloved bedtime stories.  Be the big bad wolf and try to figure out the who what where how and why of this noir-themed story telling game.https://youtu.be/BnkFAdtD9GU
,Recommended,250320,17615753,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Hoofnoodle,Want a good investigating game? A game where choice matters?  A game where you have to look around and connect evidence? Here you go.
76561198065411029,Recommended,250320,15791168,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ReidarsOfTheLostArk,"It's pretty great! It's very similar to other Telltale-games, but that's by no means a bad thing. A very good story eith phenomenal voice-acting!"
76561198081322398,Recommended,250320,17514543,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,RickL,"This game is so good it made me buy all the comics, which I feel aren't even as good as this."
,Recommended,250320,17639066,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,jimmy,"Fantastic game. I personally enjoyed the story and I am very satisfied with the choices I made. This is mainly a story game if you don't already know with a few puzzle solving things, but it's mainly dialog with some exploration. Choices and what you say actually matter and it's important to pay attention to detail. If you enjoy fairy tales and ever wondered what it would be like if they lived among us and the crap they would have to go through this is a game I would recommend."
76561198051811003,Recommended,250320,17484597,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,COOL CAT,"Even if you are not a fan of the comics, it's totally worth to check out Telltale's refined world of Fables in a noir New York City. Be the Big Bad Wolf or try to redeem yourself with others.It's violent, intriguing, a real Telltale experience."
76561198202100522,Recommended,250320,17490935,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,SateiaC,I didn't think I could love a game this much.Buy. This. Game.
76561198054828304,Recommended,250320,17627697,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,BlckEagle89,"Excellent story, excellent characters. If you liked The Walking Dead you will like this. Combat is a little bit different than TWD, is longer in general and more ""action packed"". They also added the possibility of chose which places go first, which also change the story. If you love good stories, buy this, sit and enjoy."
76561197960307685,Recommended,250320,17629056,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Balt,Favorite game ever (I gueeess?) With Mass Effects but they're much longer... when TWAU can literaly eat you into binge-playing from A to Z. *fast claps*
,Recommended,250320,11219659,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,TaylorM,Love it.
76561198121414848,Recommended,250320,17636810,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Olamide,"Great story, great characters and suspenseful"
76561197992664183,Recommended,250320,17719449,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,mykullpwnz,Amazing game. If you haven't buy it now!
76561198112486697,Recommended,250320,17502022,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,colby_13,Was very good!! Kept me guessing for hours!
76561197966482898,Not Recommended,250320,17498725,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Nuclear Nelson,"I'm afraid I can't recommend this game.  It will be the last Telltale game that I buy.  While it has a well-written story, solid voice-acting, and is visually striking, the linearity and lack of engagement made me lose interest.  There is very little intellectual involvement in this game.  It's more like watching a movie than playing a game.  ""Puzzles"" can be solved just by exhausting all dialogue and click options in the room.  And after playing Telltale games, the transparency that your choices don't matter much becomes clear.  Want to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?  The ultimate outcome is nearly the same as being a good guy.  Same with choosing to lie, say nothing, or be honest.  There are no major consequences to taking any path.  And once that becomes apparent, it breaks immersion at almost every turn.  Because you know that there is no reprecussions to how you handle the situation.  The Walking Dead made up for similar shortcomings by having much more emotional weight, sharper surprises, and superior branching paths.  It felt like your actions mattered.  I can't say the same for The Wolf Among Us."
76561198010800766,Recommended,250320,17760457,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,78%
76561197972443320,Recommended,250320,17764819,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,TheOrbbro,"It's a good interactive story.  Everything works.  The voice acting and plotline are solid and it makes for a nice break from ""gaming"".  My only issue is the Devs insistence on making this a game, rather than embracing the interactive story.  The interactions within the game should always be centered on choice, not pressing a particular key at a specific time in order to make something happen.  It's just plain irrelevant and actually distracts from the game.  Choices yes, mindless clicking, no thank you.That said, it's a good buy folks!"
76561198080641454,Recommended,250320,10256466,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Joe,GOTY
,Recommended,250320,17764333,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,TheLoneBeet,"Telltale does what they do best in this one. Great characters, great action (more-so than their other games in my opinion) and the typical choice/morality system they go for. I actually played this game twice, first as a nice guy and then a second time as a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it's cool to see how the characters opinions of Bigby can differ and how that effects their decisions regarding him. Hoping there's a sequel to this one like Walking Dead, because I'd love to play more of this story."
,Recommended,250320,16961650,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Steve Wilkos lv.54 Chairmaster,i wanna ♥♥♥♥ brigy wolf holy♥♥♥♥♥ i dont even care about the game i just look at brigbys face the whole time and not even pay attention to the story
,Recommended,250320,16869961,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Lupin ♕ csgoroll.com,"OMG !This game is one of the best (to me) tell-tale game i have played.It's fun to relate to the stories you heard when you where a childabout the big bad wolf and even get some vision of your ""heroes""destroyed .And i really hope they will make a second game but i doubt it ,even if they left the game with a huge cliffhanger.9/10 would give a 10/10 but i want MOOORE !!!"
,Recommended,250320,16881439,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,BookerDeWitt987,This game kept me hooked from its first episode. The voice acting in this game is just like we are watching a movie or a show. The comic book style animation is also unique. The story is dark and interesting. Would definitely play again and try other choices and see where the story ends.
,Recommended,250320,17150120,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TheCubanMissile,Whens the sequel coming out?
,Recommended,250320,17152240,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BadgerWaffles,"A rather straight forward game with interesting characters, visually appealing and several chapters with minor choice options. I beat every chapter of this in a single day, only took me 7 hours and I wasn't rushing either. The game is very easy but overall not bad with voice actors and a good portrayal of the comic book."
,Recommended,250320,16372327,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Shuri,"After reading Bill Willingham's Fables comics ,which I though were amazing, I decided to purchase The wolf among us. The game set in Fables universe with many character that also appeared in the comics most famously Bigby Wolf or 'The Big bad wolf' the game has a brilliant art style and a griping story line where your decisions have consequences. Along with the very unique and buetifull soundtrack this game, really is a work of art. Well done Telltale Games."
76561197991331824,Recommended,250320,17134547,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dedovsky,very good
76561198040949046,Recommended,250320,17142626,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Trit,"This was my first encounter with TellTale Games and their episodic works. I must say, I am completely hooked! I play games primarily for the store-I like the fact that, in rich and well-made video games, I am essentially one of the characters in a brilliant movie, allowing for a more emersive experience. The Wolf Among Us is this at an art form. The entire game is an interactive cinematic.The only downfall to the game, depending on your gaming preference, is the lack of difficulty. There is no real difficulty in this game whatsoever-so if you are looking for a challenge, this is certainly not your game. This was not a downfall for me, however-as I often play games on easy so that I can focus more on the story. Brilliant game, brilliant plot that left me thinking about it for quite a while!"
,Recommended,250320,17117627,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,valcy0n,"Probably one of my favorite storylines, I highly highly recommend this game to anyone interested in a good story."
76561198145300638,Recommended,250320,17121900,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,yocyoc,"cool concept, good story. had trouble making decisions because its hard to judge fantasy charactors facial expressions. Would love for them to focus on the next walking dead season."
76561198119530464,Recommended,250320,16969899,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Liquid Snake,Gr8 Game......10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,250320,16970942,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,The Final Pam,"annoying british frog will make you wish you were playing the walking dead, 10/10"
,Recommended,250320,16840582,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,~ShadowCoatl~,"The Wolf Among Us is an amazing experience. The game contains just the right amount of drama and mystery to keep you entertained, as well as throwing in some action scenes where appropriate. The characters drag you in, and in some cases make you care deeply about what happens to them.While the game is based on Fairy Tales, it's not at all like the ""For Kids"" disney version, nor quite like the gritty, dark reboots, It's very clean, and although the characters are recognisable from their respective fairy tales, they feel like entirely new characters.The only gripe I had with The Wolf Among Us (along with all Telltale games) is the fact that, no matter what you do, the game has a definite story; and it is going to tell it whether you like it or not. Your choices don't really matter in the grand scheme of things, with many dialogue options leading into the exact same replies, and the choices which do lead down different paths, have no major impact on the story at all.That being said though, I still feel like this game is one of the best games I've played for years, I could not put it down, and found myself going back to repeat scenes just to see what would happen if I'd chosen differently. I'd give this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,250320,16851643,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,newbobdole,"TELLTALE'S PET PROJECT, FOR ALL THAT ENTAILS.Huh, I didn't think it'd be so difficult to write up a review for a game I've played for 15+ hours...First the reasons I'm recommending it:It is a great introduction to the Fable canon, in which a varied scattershot of refugee ageless OG fairytale characters are trying to build + maintain a society while living TMNT-inconspicuously in our human world;the game performs (mostly, lol) wonderfully on my Wacom cintiq companion Win8 (I know);the voice acting matches the character design incredibly well, maybe the best since MGS(!) imo, given the character variety;the controls (wired controller) are spot-on & the QTEs have a level of forgiveness to them ((esp important bc I always invertY, like I'm flying a plane, so I never get fully used to moving a crosshair on a 2d plane; **also** the QTE's do not punish pushing different buttons simultaneously));all of which connect together to weave a uniquely immersive experience.Although over the course of multiple playthroughs, there are gameplay/story flaws that begin to expose themselves, like:The 'core dialogue' for certain characters will continue to be to [talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ to me regardless of my choices;a few Fables making their scenes tedious on the third, fourth, and fifth playthrough;and the inability to change certain things from happening in some sections, over and over again.OVERALL [if you can] ACCEPT THE LIMITS PLACED ON YOUR CONTROL OF THE NARRATIVE & [then you can] ENJOY THE EXPERIENCE."
76561198073817392,Recommended,250320,17204115,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,darkstar,this is an excellent game both graphic design ambiance history the choice mmaking process really putting te player in the situation and the music and sound effects are just wonderful it's a wonderful mix i spent hours playing that game waiting for the chapters to come out i bought it recently to support the designers and producers because of the nice work !!totaly worth the coston the negative point the very last moment is of this game is frozen for me the choicez are blank and i'm stuck in a room but neverthess i would highly highly recommend this game to anyone who want to play and take part in a story great job
,Recommended,250320,17211555,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,XtremeHairball,"TL;DR:Very short + Very good + Techinically easy + Tiny bit buggy + Loved itVery very good game. I took my time and beat it in 10 hours, but it's meant to be replayed so that you can explore different paths (choices change the experience). It's not technically difficult at all - it's more of an interactive movie/novel than a game, with the player changing parts of the script. It still manages to be stressful just through the choices required. I don't normally like games with variable endings, but the main plot of this game is consistent - it's just the way the characters develop that changes. I still prefer games with a more solid story to follow (some imaginary idea of what ""really"" happened) but this game is just so enjoyable - enjoyable enough to prompt me to actually write a review.Minor Bugs:There were some buggy parts when I played it, like a dollar bill that got stuck halfway through my hand for several minutes and a weird crash at the end of the final chapter (had to restart, but didn't lose any progress), but nothing game-breaking by any means - just temporary distractions, few and far between."
76561198063692521,Recommended,250320,17213133,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Iridescent,"One of my favorite games, hands down."
76561197970376873,Recommended,250320,20502374,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,lhotus,"Telltale always manage to create a great atmosphere in their games. They also manage to make you care a lot about some of the characters and the choices you have to make always seem so hard!One of the better games i have played in terms of storytelling, characters and atmosphere. Telltale games knows how to do it :)"
76561198131201833,Recommended,250320,20504869,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Evil,"The Wolf Among Us is simply one of the best point & click games so far.What you'd expect from playing this great game :- Great voice acting- Unique, believable characters based on ""fables"" such as The Big Bad Wolf, Snow White, Beauty and the Beast, etc- Mystery, unpredictable, intriguing story- Memorable scenes with high quality animation- Great gloomy, noir atmosphereThe only bad thing about this game is I've encountered a bug a few times where I couldn't choose any option. But I can get this game back to normal after I returned to the Main Menu and start over from the checkpoint. Not a big deal.Overall, I'll give this game a 9.5/10. Would be 10/10 if not for the bug."
76561198135392089,Recommended,250320,20499582,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Cooterman777,"Let me preface this review by stating that I am a fan and owner of the Fables graphic novels, so I could be biased to begin with.This game has an excellent story 85% through, but then loses its appeal towards the end because the build up was so impressive, but the main antagonist ends up not being very dynamic or strong. Most of the other villains are better developed than the primary villain. That is one of only two negative things that I would say about this game.Pros:+well developed and dynamic characters (other than main villain)+very authentic and engaging main protagonist+the graphics and art style are true to the novels and very beautiful+story arcs keep you entertained and wondering what is happening next+quick and easy playthrough when you want to relax and enjoy a great story+new perception/ adult version of fairy tales+easy to join/pickup if you are busy and can only play for shorter periods of timeCons:-main villain is weak and underdeveloped-choices don't appear to make significant alternative dialogue/consequencesIf you like other Tell Tale games, you'll enjoy this due to the excellent storyline. If you don't enjoy story driven games, then you'll want to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,250320,20017199,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,eighthdoctor,"A great comic book/noir style detective game with a dark twist on characters called 'Fables' from fairytales, nursery rhymes and urban legends. You play as Bigby Wolf, the appointed sheriff of Fabletown, the Fable community of New York City, unknown to the outside world ('mundy'). Trying to investigate the murder of a Fable on your own doorstep isn't easy when Bigby is tested at every turn and while he is trying to prove he is no longer the feared Big Bad Wolf many remember him to be!Highly recommended."
,Recommended,250320,20595170,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Santa,Who's afraid of the big bad wolf?
,Recommended,250320,20598560,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Munchmasta,"Don't watch the trailers, just buy it!So, I knew NOTHING about this game when I bought it. Saw the ""overwhelmingly positive"" user review status, saw the steam winter sale price, assumed it was a FPS of some kind and added it to my cart. Wow, am I ever glad I did! At the end of long exhausting days, when I wanted more than a movie but nto as much as a full fledged game experience, I kept settling on this. Really enjoyed the production quality, the great story, the level of interaction and the complete lack of puzzles! (no really, I am not much of a puzzle guy, especially when tired). It was even better because I had no idea what to expect once it got rolling. Buy it. Well worth the 8 hours-ish of entertainment. Memorable, good stuff."
,Recommended,250320,20598871,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SalmonPunch,"You play as Bigby Wolf (big bad wolf get it) the resident sheriff of Fabletown / Bullfinch Street and Snow White has been decapitated...An interesting take on the Fables franchise that isnt connected to the graphic novel (but takes place in the same universe seriously just read the series its amazing after you get past the first story arc). it follows the typical TT formula. Out of all of the TT games I own (Dead, GoT, Borderlands) this is the only one I've had enough drive to finish (twice at that). Totally recommended if you like grim noir detective work with unique takes on popular fairy tale characters."
,Recommended,250320,20760131,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Zimma,"Great Ending, Good characters, Good story.Would recommend for a single player story game!"
,Recommended,250320,20727739,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Luna Moona ☾,Got to see Little mermaids ♥♥♥♥♥♥s 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,250320,20718524,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Chambill,"Yes, there is a cliffhanger in the end.But this game is just so awesome that I want to play it again just to solve the cliffhanger by myself, like what Bigby has always did.You don't have to read the comics to play this game, but you'll sure find yourself starting to read the comics after finished with this game. Very interesting character design and plot setting."
76561198196895817,Recommended,250320,20726827,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,zinoubentaalla,"Amazing game, hard not to love it!"
76561198208580564,Recommended,250320,20710674,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,lĜ҉ Ǻ҉ Ӎ҉ Ế҉ Ʀl,"The wolf among us, is a mystery worth solving, each episode is another layer of pure telltale AWSOMENESSEach choice you make changes how you'll see the game, it one of telltale greatest games yet and is totally worth playing the only down side is that the last two episode only pack an hours worth of gameplay.but other than that9.7/10"
76561198052657128,Recommended,250320,20711070,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Blockishfox,"Awesome, games, great characters, and I wish there was more!!!"
76561198047965522,Recommended,250320,20716951,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,tfkcex,I like this game it tells a story pretty well and I like how I can really choice to be a good cop or bad cop
,Recommended,250320,20718923,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mellie1508,Possibly the best eposidic game I've played.However I did encounter a glitch where the dialogue options were blank and I had to restart a chapter to fix it. 9/10
76561198139814500,Recommended,250320,20710027,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,TheDukuTree,"Fairly okay, I really enjoyed episodes 1-4.  The game is filled with intresting characters and the story really captures you.  I wasn't so happy with episode 5 however.  Most of the episode was fun but the game kept crashing throughout it, it would'nt save half of the time and I found the ending to be extremely dissapointing.  It was really anticlimatic and didn't really show you much of what happens after your end choice?  I'm talking about the Let her go/ go after her one. I just feel like the game could have given us a short on what happened.Still excited for season 2"
76561198191023303,Recommended,250320,20720249,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Daddy Cobra,"Great game I love it. I JUST WISH IT HAD A BETTER ENDING!!! But overall, great game and grear story."
76561198070631308,Recommended,250320,20720782,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,KD,worth every cent one of the best games of this type i have played
,Recommended,250320,9776827,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,babygirl,"This game is so wonderful, RECOMMENDED!!"
,Recommended,250320,20695345,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,The entire population of Russia,"Not as great as Life is Strange but it's good enough to keep me entertained. With each episode's ending I just wanted to press play the next episode. The story is gripping with a lot of detective work but action sequences and many interesting characters from fairytales and stories. The only flaw I see here is, that in later episodes there were characters, that suddenly appeared from nowhere which is big minus, when you play/watch a detective story, but happily you are leaded to them by your ""detective"" work, so it doesn't seem so staged.I think, I should now buy some of the comics just to see, what happens after this lil' incident."
76561198032257417,Recommended,250320,13624119,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PR_P@nth0r,"It was well worth the US $12.49 I paid for it.Imersive story, nice comic book graphics, maybe a bit short."
76561198063993861,Recommended,250320,13612602,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Flying above you | trade.tf,"This is a wonderful game, at least for those who like adventure and point-and-click games. Just finished it, got all the achievements, tried out many different choices, collected everything and, as you can see from my played time counter, it didn't take long. Every episode aproximately takes about 2 hours to finish, plus 2 hours to replay key chapters (not whole episodes) if you missed some Fables or achievements related to them. I bought this game when it cost ~6 EUR and it was worth it, but, considering the game's lenght, i'm not sure whether it's worth to spend 23 EUR, which is obviously worth spending if you're intersted in game's value and not in its duration or replayability (it is possible, but for not as many times as one could think). What i like about telltale's games is choices and in this case they work pretty good, cause you can discover many things, by just replaying certain scenes and choosing different ways of your behaviour. Some choices have strong value in the end, but mayrity of them doesn't really change anything at all, except your choice stats, which are quite interesting to spectate when you finish every episode. I've enjoyed the playthrough, liked the idea and how it was developed. Two things that could have been better were the speed of some chapters (it felt slow sometimes) and games duration (Only (?) 10 hrs and 2 more to get 100%), everything was great beside those two and one enormous glich when in the very end I suddenly was ""spawned"" in the beggining of the last chapter whith my body parts missing, ability to see through walls and all characters missing (I only could hear their voice), so i had to restart, but thanks to games wonderful save system I was able to continue from where the glich happened and finish the game normaly. I'd say strong 9 out of 10 :3"
76561198047308020,Recommended,250320,13614551,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TheLegend27,"More of an experience than a game, but that doesn't mean that you don't interact or effect how things turn out. The story plays out like a noire, a noire with fables from the the tales told ever since the most olden of times. You (the player) play as Bigby Wolf, which unsurprisingly, just so happens to be the big bad wolf. Only now, he's taken up a new life where he walks around in human form, taking on the role as sheriff, exclusively so for the rest of the fables. Of course, much like the real world, everybody is always unhappy with something, regardless if you're doing your best to please them or just letting them drown in their own misery. It essentially comes down to your own conscience of morality. Ask someone politely to leave before things get nasty or cut straight to the chase by ripping a guys arm off to show that you're not messing around, the choice is yoursThe five chapters are thuroughly solid throughout and with regular accord leave you numerous opportunities that will embrace a complacent feeling within you. The music is varied and the art style is gorgeously stunning and perhaps the most appealing aspect about the entire game, truly fitting for telling the story it does. Add the price drop to the whole picture and I honestly see no reason not to do yourself a favour and download this gem that will hook it's fangs into you from beggining to bitter end."
76561198013824436,Recommended,250320,13616960,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Berghaus,"Excellent game, real world take on fantasy tales, great fun yet serious at times."
76561197967364643,Recommended,250320,13648847,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Preacher Boy,"Can't say enough good things about this game, I've been blazing through it and I only wish it were longer. If you're a fan of the Fables comics you cannot pass this game by. Even if you aren't a reader of the comic series but just a person who enjoys good story driven adventure games such as this with dark and gritty subject matter, you have to get this game. It's a perfect place to start in the Fables universe as it serves as a prequel of sorts to the comics. Here's hoping for Season 2!"
,Recommended,250320,13649862,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MC,- makes you give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ - 10/10
,Recommended,250320,13650393,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Elaril,"A classic yet breath taking Tell Tale game where nothing feels really like ""happily ever after"".A huge success.Can't wait to play to season 2!"
76561198101499291,Recommended,250320,13650516,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JackReaver,"As the first Telltale game I've ever played, this game caught me in its beautiful artwork, its amazing music, and a suspenceful storyline which makes you want to continuously try out different approches. The main character, Bigby Wolf if I remember correctly, is a detective who I found interesting and is honestly fun to play as because of how many ways you can play as him."
,Recommended,250320,13651865,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hammygup,SWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAG
,Recommended,250320,13654751,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Talking Companion Cube,"An excellent game. Once I learned this was set in the Fables universe, I had to pick it up. As I expect from a story in Fabletown, the characters and writing are excellent.I love how the pacing of the game was fairly relaxed, which problably heightened the dramatic impact of the story. It's also frustratingly rare to see games really made for adults (rather than just doing another thin-plotted shoot-em' up), making this all the more appealling.If you like narrative focus, aren't interested in constant twitch gaming, and find inventory management annoying... buy this. It's a good deal when on Steam sale. Expect 7 to 8 hours for a playthrough. Short, but worth it. The story is captivating enough that you may want to invite spectators."
76561198161004287,Recommended,250320,13605230,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dank Vibes,A great story and narrative. Not heavy on gameplay but if you want a gfreat interactive story you will love TWAU
,Recommended,250320,8313053,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DeepwaterNewt,"I quite liked Chapter 1.  Didn't know anything about the game or story before buying it, bought it purely on social media chatter and hype.  I like the replayability of it, which I guess makes up for the slight shortness of the chapter.  I'll definitely play it a second and third time making different decisions each time.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,250320,13606204,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,C♠ffee Break,"I have to start with OMG this is a truly amazing game it has an intricate and detailed story line thats so based on moral and what you have to do next often leaveing you to decide wether you made the right choice I finished this game in a 6 hr addiction cause i was so pulled in to the story would definetly reccomend to anyone looking to get this. NOTE if you are just an FPS and action fan this may not be the game for you it has a good amount of fight scenes as well as chasing but really the best and truly most enjoyable fruit of the game is the amazing story line I myself am a FPS guy, being that I played COD a while back then TF2 and currently CS GO can still appreciate a good story game every now and again and this was just GREAT!!! 10/10 Definitly loved it"
,Recommended,250320,13608060,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RickMorty89,"Fun, entertaining, intriguing game. I like the graphics, feel, unique qualities. Very mature with the content, and an interesting take on fictional characters. Just well built, fun times."
76561197983939869,Recommended,250320,13609520,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Karduk,Amazing story. Great characters. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,250320,13609547,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,zest,"The Wolf Among Us was an extraordinary ride story wise with great characters and interesting plot twists. Telltale Games has harpened their pens and spent quality time working on sound studio, and artists have directed some memorable scenes along with character's design (Bloody Mary!). Visually it is a great trip into decadence of the 80s with pop-cultural hints and subtle references. A lot of cigarettes are smoked on the way.If only there was more investigation+driven game and classic puzzles, I'd give it a poker verdict.It's still my personal 9/10 and full recommendation."
,Recommended,250320,13609646,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Friendo,This interactive story does it well. I was intrigued to the very end. Please get season 2 out soon!
,Recommended,250320,13645724,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zelda,"I loved this game. I played it without any prior knowledge of the Fables comics, lore, etc. so I can't comment on whether the characters stay true to the books or if the plotline holds up with canon, but what I can say is that I loved the story, the characters, and the art style. The gameplay is, of course, like Telltale's Walking Dead games (and others), so if you're not interested in that playstyle (point-and-click, lots of dialogue), you won't be getting anything different here. The final episode probably has the most action sequences, though there are brawls in every episode. The entire game is paced well to keep things interesting.You're looking at roughly 5-6 hours of gameplay from start to finish, plus another hour if you want to gather all of the achievements. I enjoyed it enough to want to gather all of the achievements (very easy),  and I'll be playing through a second time since, at this time, a sequel is possible. At any rate, if you're in the mood for story over hacking and slashing, I highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,250320,13646695,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,PAL,"A masterfully crafted tribute to the comic book series that wears thin as the episodes go on. Still, its atmosphere and neo noir trappings are enough to keep one engaged throughout. Here's hoping it won't be Telltale's last within the world of Fables."
76561198052298297,Recommended,250320,13600883,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,larsws,"Very good game with a really interesting story.Could have been a little longer, but it's still a great experience. Especially if you know about a bit about the Fables universe."
76561198003071933,Recommended,250320,14581213,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Trumgottist,"Probably Telltale's best. They found their storytelling style in their earlier game, but here they also got the action sequences to work, and add to the experience."
,Recommended,250320,14439164,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Duskien,"Fun detective story in an interesting world, with a cool set up. Wish there were more characters involved though, and like other telltale games your choices don't matter as much as you think they should, it's all about the illusion of choice but it's a good game for what it is. Preferred this over TWD S2."
76561197971426209,Recommended,250320,14440835,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,RedStag&Coke,"great story, great characters, like watching an interactive movie"
,Recommended,250320,14489378,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mazda Customer Service,"When I go into a Telltale episodic series, (thanks to The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, and Tales from the Borderlands) I can expect to see top-notch storytelling. The Wolf Among Us is perhaps one of the best stories I've experienced in years. This game holds an absolutely enthralling mystery story and it consistently kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish, never knowing where my decisions would take me. The mood was always perfect, the characters written superbly, and the action intense and gruesome at the game's most climactic points. Unmatched story telling from an unmatched company. You don't want to pass this game up."
,Recommended,250320,14502271,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,CT,"Good game, but if you expected another experience like the walking dead, you will probably be disappointed. My biggest problem with this game is the lack of emotional attachment, which really separated TWD from the rest of the crowd. But still a memorable experience.7/10"
76561198040984038,Recommended,250320,14503629,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Gringonomi,5/5 would get my mind blown again
76561198177499129,Recommended,250320,14508187,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TenHP,What a wonderfully engrossing story with some action elements thrown in for good measure. So far I've played through about 33% of the game and it's like a good book; I can't stop!
76561198081186437,Recommended,250320,15483092,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Artorian,"I am just going to say it right now, this game is great! You play as bigby who is a sheirf that is caught up in this big complicated story with fairy tail people. If you're into very well written stories this one is the right one for you. It has a intresting cast and a lot of plot twist I could not get over. The only nagitive I have about the game is you don't move around much like the other Telltale game Walking Dead (Season One). If you really like a good story in a game this is the right game for you :)                                                                                                                                                                                                 My score: 9/10"
,Recommended,250320,15422047,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,DrGameNStein,"Strongly recommended, the story is fun and intrigueing and I just couldn't stop playing. Can't wait for Season 2 if there will be one."
76561198004580811,Recommended,250320,15425120,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ForReal,Clever twist on familar characters all wrapped in a noir style setting. Great fun!
,Recommended,250320,15522404,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Holocaust,Nerissa <3
76561198094114684,Recommended,250320,15523192,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,MISHTUH TRUBEK,"Wonderful storytelling, immersive dialogue, and intriguing character development. I cannot wait for season two."
,Recommended,250320,15528967,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Frost,The Big Bad Wolf tells a flying monkey to ♥♥♥♥ off. That's all you need to know.
,Recommended,250320,21291619,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,AbhishekLover,"Brilliant!Enticing story, beautiful visuals, great characters and voice-over.This game had be aching to play another chapter every timeThe only negatives I can find about this game is that choices do not seem to have as big an effect as I had hoped and the game is a bit short."
76561197966894064,Recommended,250320,21294803,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,.Rocket Surgery.,Another well written and compelling Telltale adventure. On a par with Game of Thrones but perhaps not quite as gripping as The Walking Dead games which are my favourites (third one's out in a weeks time). Very gritty and seedy hadn't even looked at the Fables comic until playing this game. I'm pretty sure this story and artwork is superior anyway... worth it.
,Recommended,250320,21318827,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ada Wong[λ]™,"After the series of The Walking Dead Season 1 and 2 I played. Telltale games once again prove to players that they are doing it better. I love how this story goes by the choice of your decision, Lots of violence and only get to see Nerissa nude for a short while. Lots of detective work to do and each story is narrated in a way on your decisions and how you choose it. Of course different answers have different consequences to it but does it matter? I would love repeating playing this game over and over again to see the different outcome but again its all about the choices that you make. Would I recommend this to anyone of you who don't own it? Yes I personally recommend it to you so don't wait and don't think, just grab this game and try it out for yourself. Afterall you got a chance to play as the Big Bad Wolf Detective Bigby."
76561198094943490,Recommended,250320,21254469,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Meowth314 /S/,It's awesome!-likeable characters-solid plot-many interpretations of the ending-drama-action
76561198049312193,Recommended,250320,21306513,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Makeheroy7455,i loved this game.
,Recommended,250320,21306533,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,CHKnDaemon,Always wanted to see The Little Mermaid naked and dance on a pole. My fantasy has been fulfilled. The rest of the game was great too even though it ruined every childhood fable and Disney movie in the best way possible.
76561198247680724,Recommended,250320,21307007,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FlowersAndHighNotes,"The lore is fantastic and the story even more, I want to much more. Telltale please give us TWOU2."
,Recommended,250320,21268441,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The College Board,"One of the best games I've ever played, hopefully theyll make a sequel"
76561198233615592,Recommended,250320,21265420,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Earthbender91,"Telling people off is what really makes this game great. Well, that and trying to get in Snow's skirt every time you see her."
,Recommended,250320,21212594,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,jbslasher,"Remember: sometimes, violence is the answer.This game is so enticing, I played it for the first time yesterday, finished it today, and immediately started a replay. I want to know how all the choices matter, ALL OF THEM!"
76561198132276760,Recommended,250320,21215258,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mnmz,"By far my favorite Telltale game.The storyline, and plot twists kept me 'on my feet' the whole time, definitely a great game."
,Recommended,250320,21214374,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TreeBigEars,Another good game by Telltale Games.8/10
,Recommended,250320,21214421,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,[aKilla] DangerZone,"Awesome storytelling, this game is made for you if you like Telltale games."
76561198106997297,Recommended,250320,21254891,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Turtle Bean,i cried when i thought snow was dead /(ㄒoㄒ)/~~
,Recommended,250320,21262052,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captain Obvious,"Great telltale game, must buy. 4.6/5 Starbuck Coffees.If you're into fables, and haven't played this, you're a fool.If you're not into fables and have played this and didn't like it, you're a hipster fool. You'd get 1/5 Dunkin Donuts coffees from me. #MustBuy #GetItNaaaooooo"
,Recommended,250320,21237570,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Habibi,It was good.
76561198062181985,Recommended,250320,21229967,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,assassin99,intersting world and charcters with a nice story with a little twist at the end and it would be great if they make season 2 but was kinda short also the artstyle was good it felt like a noire movie overall a nice game from talltale
76561198058774122,Recommended,250320,23897101,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mickeylad110,Just Pure Excellence
76561198108346865,Recommended,250320,23906180,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jack_W,If you like Telltale games … this is for you.
,Recommended,250320,23906437,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"I bought this game on sale, thinking I would hate it, but that I would give it a chance....and it turned out that I really liked this game.It contains an extremely well thought out setting, based on a comic book series that I've never heard of.However, the story isn't without a few contradictions (I counted 3-4 of them.) and in an investigative game, you want none of those.I thought that I would hate the quick time events, but they weren't as brutal as I thought. You can miss a few and still keep going, and I don't know if there's a way to completely fail either, since I never did that.There are games that are just pretty colors to waste your time, and then there are games that enrich your life, and I think that this game was the latter."
,Recommended,250320,9234754,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Karth,Good story.
,Recommended,250320,9649809,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ÚlfrArkyn,"Personally, I'm enjoying this series a lot more than The Walking Dead. The Wolf Among Us just falls more in line with tastes in terms of setting, tone, and art style. The cases I've played thus far have offered a lot of worthwhile character development. I find myself actually interested in where their lives are going. Anyway, anyone who enjoys a more story oriented experience should give this a play. Especially if you enjoyed The Walking Dead."
76561198156458740,Recommended,250320,14091199,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Soma742,best tell tale game i have ever played
,Recommended,250320,7431415,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Steve-O,"The Wolf Among Us is a prequel that is set roughly 10+ years before the events of the #1 issue of Fables, written by Bill Willingham in 2002. The Wolf Among Us is Point-and-Click mystery game alongside TellTale's hit franchise; The Walking Dead which utilizes the TellTale Tool. My impressions based on the first episode shows the level of improvement that TellTale Games has made within the last year since they released the Walking Dead. The game shows higher level of shading not just in its quality but it is vastly easier to run the game on even some lower-end PCs compared to the Walking Dead. No only that but the story is both very interesting and even for those who have read the Fable comics should purchase this game just to experience it and even those who have not read the comics can easily enjoy the mystery and experience the world of Fables has to offer. Definietly recommended to anyone who has interest in both story and adventure. (Also, The main character Bigby Wolf is a bada$$)Episode 1: 9.5/10Episode 2: 7.5/10Episode 3: 8.5/10Episode 4: 7/10Episode 5: 9/10Overall: 83/100"
76561198092428022,Recommended,250320,13541183,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Teddy,I never thought I would see the day when a game with moral decisions put you on a timer for your decisions. The coutdown puts the pressure on to make quick decisions and makes gameplay amazing.
76561198012872650,Recommended,250320,13541289,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TagnikZur,Simple game play with awesome story line. Recommended for every one.
76561198005552318,Recommended,250320,13542337,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sin.H.H,Best game ever I had
,Recommended,250320,13542663,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,1-800-MERLINI,"This game was phenomenal. Bought it during the steam sale and it was easily one of my favorite purchases so far. It has it all for my standards atleast. Good Story, Interesting Characters, Great Performance and many moral dilemmas."
,Recommended,250320,13544353,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,WHEY PROTEIN POWDER,"After a long wait i finally decided to purchase this game in the steam sales, I can say that i do NOT regret this purchase.The way the story unfolds is really smooth with the occasional cliffhangers. I have to admit that this game has been on my wishlist for a while so the only thing i regret is not buying it sooner.-Beautiful style-Good dialogue-Interesting story/plotArnold Approves!"
,Recommended,250320,13547252,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Purp Broccolu,There's a talking pig named Colin. 10/10
76561198119602172,Recommended,250320,13464459,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheWileySeven,"Absolutely brilliant game. The tantalizing story kept me on the edge of my seat with continuous surprises, the art style is exciting and fresh, the dialogue and game play are innovative, perceptive, and challenge all of your most basic assumptions about the way people work. Sat down to play it and didn't get up until I finished it. And I love the idea that the next time I play it, I could be playing a very different story depending on my choices. 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,250320,13548363,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Paradoxicles,"Great story, great characters, great everything! If you've played other Telltale games you're sure to love this one. Plus, it serves as a great introduction to the comic series Fables, as it's a prequel and adapted from it. 10/10"
76561198056903368,Recommended,250320,13548469,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bonkers,Awesome
76561198083791587,Recommended,250320,13548757,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,mikki,This game has a really interesting story line. I like that you can have different events based on the choices you make.
,Recommended,250320,13549340,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Toribor,"Great soundtrack, with interesting characters, even for someone completely unfamiliar with the Fables universe. I appreciated the many opportunities to be rude to other characters who are making things difficult. Overall a satisfying experience."
,Recommended,250320,13550251,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gassy,"Not expecting much going into this game other than hearing that it was a strong story based game. With that being said, my expectations were low because I have never played a Telltale game before nor have I played a game of this nature. But at the end I was pleasantly surprised with what it had to offer and gave me the same joyous feeling that I had when I played Bioshock Infinite."
