user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,250400,12492392,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"edit: updating review. evidently its getting some attention, so I figured I might as well expand and clarify.tl;dr edition: neither good nor fun. do not buy unless its deeply discounted.I can not refer this game in good faith. There are 2 major things wrong with How to Survive.Firstly, take a look at the DLC. If How to Survive truly is an indie game, control of the project has been overtaken by greedhead corporate dumb think leadership. Someone (likely 505 Games) has opted to make DLCs out of basic features that should have been part of the basic game. Examples are an extra harder difficulty and a hardcore feature. Other DLCs (Heatwave) resemble what would have been unlockables for games only a generation ago. Lastly there are the DLCs that suggest the core game was released unfinished taking the cutting room floor scraps and selling them off as DLC when they got to them later. I don't know if the nickel and diming customers business model bothers you, but it sure as hell bothers me.The second problem is the game itself. Its not good. How to Survive is a perfect example of the tidalwave of schlock being put out by the burgeonning indie industry. It is an inferior imitation of mainstream titles like Diablo and Torchlight. It tries to be unique and original with additional survival features like hunger, thirst, and sleepiness, but they're implemented in a way that make the game tedious and annoying. The quality is painfully amateur and inconsistent. Struggle as a melee character, but have 2 triple bladed boomerangs and you're so golden the game gets dull. The content is particularly slim. Each island is painfully small. And the game itself manages to be as repetitive as Diablo and Torchlight, but in the most flat, boring, and completely unrewarding manner possible.How to Survive lives up to its lousy meta score. No idea why this game has such an overwhelmingly high positive customer review count. The $15 asking price with the lazy DLCs is crazy to me. Other games How to Survive is trying to be are the same exact price and offer more and better quality content minus the annoying survival gimmicks and DLC. Specifically either of the Torchlight games.Honestly, my recommendation is to not buy How to Survive at all. If you absolutely must take the plunge, as stated in the tl;dr above, buy it when its 80-90% off. That way you won't feel too ripped off when you find out how painfully below average it is."
76561198004337450,Recommended,250400,32679840,Posted: 23 June,all,Maus,"I really enjoy this game, it is addictive but still... I would have wished for a longer, better tutorial. There are so many things you have no clue how to do - only your friend google can tell you and, meh... it gets tiresome sometimes. Another think I don't really like is that you don't have a clear map, you're confused a lot and you need to travel between maps a lot - ugh. So many quests... so many jumping between maps - at some point you lose track..."
,Not Recommended,250400,7822928,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fate (-{SoH}-),"Now first lets get the positive out of the way.The games graphics are fine for what it is.The story can be funny sometimes.The co-op challenges can be fun with a friend.Now lets get to the real review where we look at what they promised and what they delivered.The game is an ok size however it's extreamly limited in size for it's price.If you forced yourself to go slow you would take maybe 6 hours to finish this game.Another problem  is the content  the guns,melee weps, mutants ect is all really limiting.Some might disagree with me there but think about it theres maybe 8 guns, 3 chainsaws , 6 melee weps and 1 ammoless total op wep.Now for my Largest disapointment with this game it's promise  ""experience for zombie game veterans""There is NOTHING veteran about this game it hands everything to you on a silver platter.There's sleep areas at night prebuilt impervise to any zombie attack that you only need to clear out once.Night creatures are as deadly as a new born kitten.Ammo is WAY too common i had 2,000 ammo constantly.There should never be a weapon that can destroy armys without some sort of price ""i'm looking at you boomarang""You should not point out on the map where the players have got to go.The crafting tells you what's possible.....The ""hardest"" mutant is the easyest thing to beat with a handgun.Food is too easy to aquire.Water is Way too easy to aquire.Items respawn.....Changing difficulty only changes what damage they hit.......And i could go on with this list for acouple more pages.All in all this game was a disapointment and broke it's promises.Before you say i did not play long enough know that i defeated the game twice  and defeated half the challenges with friends.I played through twice to see if anything at all changed i really had to force myself to with a dieing hope that something hard or fun would of been added.Update#Online co-op is lag and bug filled and has serious annoyances that i had hoped they might have removed.The difficulty and enemie numbers are the same.You and the other player are forced to share the screen meaning you can't move far from eachother.The match making system is pathetic as it's auto finding where you select options and hope that someone else has the same options but a diffrent character.All in all no real change to the game still not worth the money."
76561198027999270,Recommended,250400,11007735,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Eifersucht18,"Once Bitten, Twice ShyA fun, 'Diablo'-esque Third-Person RPG, ""How to Survive"" caught me a little off guard. At $2.25 (Summer Sale 2014), I certainly wasnt expecting much but was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this title from 505 Games.Campaign | Gameplay:The story is straighforward - play as one of three protagonists stuck on a deserted island infested with zombies, and learn 'how to survive' long enough to find a way out. The gameplay is fun (and told from the perspective of a top-down isometric shooter), good graphics and atmospheric sound, M&K controls that are intuitve and responsive, features a broad selection of weapons (from Axe's, Machete's, Bow & Arrows, Molotov Cocktail's to a wide variety of guns), and interesting characters. The game's strength however was the Inventory setup - which allows you to collect a seemingly random mish-mash of junk from your travels around the island and combine them in various ways to create useful items (Eg. String and a wooden stick to create a fishing rod, An old bottle, kerosene and a scrap of fabric to create Molotov Cocktail's, An old rubber tire, an axe and string to create body armor etc etc).Flaws:Uneven difficulty spikes, and sparse 'Save' points cause needless frustration in an otherwise enjoyable experience.'How to Survive' might not break any new boundaries but 505 Games have taken on a disparete variety of gameplay elements and executed extremely well to create a refreshingly fun, zombie-horror romp. At $2.25, this one is a no-brainer - A Definite Recommend (8/10)Want More Recommendations?Make sure to click the 'Follow' button on our Curator Page (Link Attached) to get the latest reviews updated directly onto your Activity Feed. Link:'Game Syndicate - Curator Page'"
76561197989528524,Not Recommended,250400,13845224,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Dragon,I get the impression that I don't understand How to Survive.  The number of legitimate looking positive reviews indicates that whilst others have enjoyed the game I haven't.The survival element from which the game takes it's name seems tacked on with little effect on game-play.  In the hours I've played I've never come close to starving or dehydrating.  A little message pops up telling you that you're becoming thirsty or hungry and that's solved by drinking or eating one of the many things in your inventory.There are wells and bottles and canisters everywhere; I've haven't felt any tension or had to go on an epic quest to find water.  There are also edible plants everywhere so whilst meat might not always be on the menu starving is not going to happen.Sleeping is ... strange.  There's no building or reinforcing shelters and no bedrolls or similar.  There is one special shack per island that has a closeable door.  That's the only place where you can sleep.  If you're 51% tired you can't sleep but if you're 49% tired than you must.  There's no wait command so sleeping through the night won't happen unless leave your character to get tired.As survival games go there's no real element of survival in 'How to Survive'.  Fallout 3 with Primary Needs or State of Decay will give you a much better experience.
,Not Recommended,250400,7770354,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mat -aka- Jelly Mage,"Don't get tricked into thinming this is a 3rd person zombie survival. It's like dead island but in a 3rd person perspective, giving us a barebones diablo clone with no enemy variety. You talk to NPCs and do quests, you can craft many weapons, but as long as you get the bone shurikens you should have no trouble.The cutscenes for the ""how to survive"" book are sometimes clever and funny. But it's far from enough to save this game.If you would have to get it regardless, wait for a sale. A big one."
,Recommended,250400,8339528,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SPAGETT,"I bought this game on sale, thought, what the hell.  What a pleasant surprise.  It's like Diablo 2 gameplay, with zombies/mutants as your enemies, and one of four survivors as your hero.  The gameplay is very fun, although it does get a bit stale with a lack of diversity among the zombies/mutants.  Couple the lack of diversity with a completely OP weapon (cough, triple boomerang) and you've got a recipe for boredom.  If you want the story mode to remain challenging, I highly recommend avoiding any boomerang, as they are fast, powerful, ammo-less, and there's no such thing as durability in this game.  Killing zombies with a shotgun made out of a tube and duct tape is much more rewarding anyway, right?Still, easily worth $15 and a play through or two.  The challenges are were the challenge is (play on words intended).  You get your character dropped on an island with no equipment, a real ""out of the freezer into the frying pan"" kind of experience.  The challenge is reaching your escape under the allotted time, without dying obviously.The crafting system in this game is beautiful.  You can make guns out of tubes, boomerangs out of bones, armor out of tires, and potions/elixirs galore from the plentiful plants on the islands.  Very rewarding indeed.The talent system is... meh.  It seems like an after thought, and there is a real void of any interesting talents.  Everything is just passive ""make explosive arrows"" ""carry more explosives in a stack"" ""make X potions"" ""do more damage on headshot"" kind of thing.  Would've loved some Dead Island-esque execution talents or some character specific special moves.Bottom line: Buy it.  You can easily get 10-15 hours if the idea of a Diablo-ish zombie game with great crafting sounds fun to you.  How to Survive gets a 3/5.Tawokwww.GuildLeaders.com"
,Not Recommended,250400,13132540,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Submarine_SantaFe,"I really tried to give this game a fair try.  It simply wasn't as interesting or enjoyable as it appeared to be in the Steam store.  The premise is neat but the execution is lacking.  Crafting could be cool, but most of the time your tiny inventory is full up with junk.  You have no homebase so there's nowhere to store excess stuff.   Also, where you sleep for the night is highly limited and really annoying.  There is usually only one secure bed shack per island.  And for some reason, when you go to try and use it, a red light and alarm goes off every time, alerting tons of zombies to your location for no real reason.   The most entertaining aspect of this game is watching the short ""Kovac's rules"" videos.   Save your money and buy State of Decay instead for a much deeper zombie survival crafting game with a better plot."
,Not Recommended,250400,17654455,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,JACKinbigletters,"This review is coming from a stand-point of about 7 hours of solo play.Do I like this game? It's okay, I mean, it's nothing special, it's a twin-stick zombie survival game with a somewhat interesting crafting system.The game-play, it's basic and easy to understand as all twin-stick games are. Nothing new. Which is totally fine, I mean it's a tried and tested system.The story, I haven't finished the story, simply because I hit too many BDN (Board, done now) moments. I just couldn't do another fetch quest. That's all this game is, fetch quest after fetch quest after fetch quest. When did I hit my limit? When the drunk pilot wanted his cargo, where was it? All over the islands... All twenty pieces of the damn stuff. I quit, I was done with the game from then on. The characters were, eh. The only person that interested my in any way was Kovac, mainly because SPOILER ALERThe's apparently the one crashing the boats into the islandsSPOILER ALERT OVER. I say apparently because I have no idea if he is or not, though if that was him on the radio at the start of the game it makes sense as he seems to have a radio station at the top of his island. I digress. The characters are cliche to say the least, oh no a mother and daughter that are split up on a terrible island, the friend who was bitten but has the thing you need to get off the island, the crazy old lady, the apparent friend who is actually the villain, the disabled knowledgeable one who spends all their time tinkering with your escape rout and the drunk.May as well look at this games big point, the crafting. It's okay. I mean you can make things, cool yeah, okay. I never bothered with the potions. The guns? Didn't bother with them either. Melee weapons? Rusty machete all the way. After I built the boomerang I just didn't need anything else. Nothing. And when I upped it with the red stone, nothing else would do. Now when I say I didn't bother with it, I mean I built every combination I could within 7 hours of play. Tested it, and still found the boomerang to be the best thing to use. Chainsaw? Nope. Flamethrower? Nope. Shotgun? Nope. Boomerang. Always.Survival. Pha. My biggest problem surviving was diverting my attention from my current fetch quest to trek to water holes, or where I knew deer were or to safe houses when I got a little tired. Fuel for bombs was the biggest problem for my ""survival"". I had so much food on my person I could have fed all the survivors I had found with ease. Three jerry cans of water kept me going for days. Ammo was of no concern, I had stacks of the stuff on every island just sitting there.The zombies, or should I say, ""Monsters"". Well there are ones you can kill in one hit, ones that have helmets, ones that have body armor, ones with both, tall ones, ones that come out at night, ones that explode, ones in fireman suits, zombie deers, zombie emus, and a big old boss thing. At first the ones that came out at night were a challenge but then, boomerang one hit kill. The ones with both pieces of armor are just annoying, takes two head shots to kill them, one to knock off the helmet and one to kill 'em. And when they're coming at you in a pack, it's just easier to run off and come back later. The firemen, hint hint, head shots, lots and lots of head shots unless you got yourself a means of using electricity. The deers just run at you, shoot twice, dodge, rinse and repeat. The boss thing is just like a very very weekend version of the Tank from L4D. They just seemed like distractions from the endless fetch quests.Oh yeah side quests are, you guessed it, fetch quests. -_-The camera angle is lovely, seeing the exploders just as they enter their area of effect is just dandy.The lock on and head-shot system is good too, when your backing away from a group with your trusty boomerang out and it's just about to go red and another zombie bumps your target out of your aim and you gotta start over again. This is especially annoying against the fully armored zombies. Great.The leveling system seems just, pointless, the most useful stuff is getting the upgrades that slow down your hunger, thirst and drowsiness. Everything else seems just like fluff to me.The most fun I had in the game was going off doing the missions for the scientists on the islands where I was super-under prepared, there was a challenge, and it was ridiculous. Experiments that could change the magnetic fields surrounding the islands? Sounds good enough to me!Is this game worth the price tag, maybe in co-op. Maybe. However would I play though those opening missions again? Hell no."
,Recommended,250400,18935380,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,roughnecks,"Personal Rating: I'm having fun killing zombies and running for my lifeClassic Rating: ★★★★★Pros:✓ Story and characters (main game has 3 but you can add Nina with a DLC): You have to escape alive from some zombies' infested Islands. Every character has their onw skills, perks and final attack blows.✓ Gameplay: very well implemented twin stick shooter from a top-down perspective.✓ Crafting system: one of the best aspect of this game, you get many different ways to craft items, stuff and food.✓ Weapons: lots of weapons. My favourites are bow and boomerang - you can fire feathered and fire arrows with the bow, while the boomerang is very useful with a few enemies (it hits when coming back too and you don't waste ""bullets"").✓ Graphics: I find this game to be very detailed and aestetically pleasant.✓ Sound effects are a bit reapeating over the time but they help a lot to understand incoming enemies.Cons:✘ Lots of quests require you to go searching for some missing ""part"" and go back once you get it - I'm not really complaining though.✘ It's a bit hard to find items scattered on the ground if you don't walk over them (that's how a popup appears and tells you what you found).✘ Saves are a bit tricky because you only get one slot, so you have to be very careful - if you save in a bad moment you may compromise all the campaign. Also, you can only save manually inside bunkers, but this point adds up to the survival theme.Highly Recommended; sold quite often in massive discounts, just wait for the right moment."
,Not Recommended,250400,8173430,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,STRYKERryo,"I picked this game up full price, from it's description it sounded like the type of zombie survival game I always wanted to play. Sadly it was a major disappointment, it's survival aspects in name only. All the elements are sort of there, the ""open"" map, ammo, limited inventory, food and water requirements and rpg stats, but their implementation is all wrong.Few of them really matter, you get tons of ammo as drops, and managing water and food is pretty irrelevant, you quickly stack some items for that so that it's more of a petty maintenance than an aspect of survival.The so-called open map is really just swathes of map with small pathways cut into them, with just a few open spaces that are usually there just for the sake of variety it seems. The only ""Open"" element is that of course it isn't a linear game and you can run back and forth between areas and quick travel between maps, but it's not far enough from just mundane backtracking.The combat isn't too bad, it works for this type of game, if it wasn't for the overabundance of ammo and the overpowered weapons from the very start. Combat soon feels more like something you just do on the way and not much more enjoyable than running from place to place.The crafting is another annoyance if you need a particular item, you have a limited inventory, that's okay, you shouldn't be able to carry everything with you.. but then there is no storage area. It's already not fun to run around this island aimlessly, I don't want to have to run around looking for that one damn ingredient, usually for a quest (what else is there to do in this game?) Just a limited item storage for SOME things, I can decide what to get rid of later, but a few times I've already dropped something I needed to find again, much to my annoyance.The overall feel of playing this game was BOREDOM. I was falling asleep at my comp, I soon couldn't take it. It's not too relevant but the final straw was all the damn ""Krovac's Rules"" cutscenes. Think he's a neat quirky charcater? Wait till you have to endure overwrought, way too long, unskippable video tutorials with the same crappy music, for something that should be explained in 2-3 lines of text.Don't want to be mean, but it's kind of important to remember what a survival game is so we can actually get a good one. This just isn't it. It's very deceptive, because the gameplay it describes is far from the experience this game actually provides; a top down action game with bad map design and useless aspects that are little more than busy work, that drains the fun out of the concepts of crafting, exploring, or survival."
,Recommended,250400,31528778,Posted: 3 May,all,fo_ruM✨,"""KOVAC'S RULES""When I look at Steam Store Page of some product, and see publishers, how they put those positive reviews into the description, sometimes I just wonder what was that certain magazine or website thinking. Yes, everything is subjective about this, even categorization or meaning of words, but god damn, calling How To Survive in 2013 a ""GEM""? Hell no!Game wants to be either Dead Island or The Walking Dead, or even both, but as I see for majority of players it doesn't work and neither for me. If they used quotes from TWD, at least they could be more picky about selection. It's not like market is filled with zombie games, it's more like market is filled with average and bellow zombie games, and I can't help myself, but I feel How to Survive is just another regular zombie genre product with zero to none originality. But hey, it's still better than Dead Island Epidemic :DStory is near average, same with overal script, but I liked the variety of weapons and also crafting of recipes. Visually, the game is nice looking, soundwise I didn't like it that much. Animations of finishers will get repetetive soon and so the fights will. Game will lasts you easily over 10 hours. Add another 10 for DLCs.From survival point of view, it's yes. How to Survive feels above-average difficult, and it really gets interesting at Iron Man or Kovac's difficulty. If you feel as an player with people in the game, for me I had to say no and most probably you'll feel same.To sum it up, nice, fast, difficult zombie action with lot of things to do, lot of crafting and fighting which might get repetetive after few hours, enough types of zombies makes the game more fresh, but still it has some major flaws, not just story but the whole game in overall. If you can get it during sale for 3-4 euros/dollars then get it, otherwise full price is no-no. I'm going to leave blue thumbs up just for the sake of two options Steam offers so far.Bonus Point: MonkeysRating: 5/10"
,Recommended,250400,14019508,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"+ Crisp, minimalist UI+ Excellent tutorial; fun, interactive, and does a good job of displaying some of the charm of the title+ Voice-acting was of about average quality+ Minimap is functional and easy to read; objectives and points of interest are clearly marked and hard to miss+ Very detailed environment; the design and amount of inclusion is meticulous+ Foraging is wonderfully implemented; by doing away with bold POI markers in the overworld, you find yourself constantly searching for familiar leaves, shapes, etc.+ Except for a few small qualms I had with the crafting system (noted below), it is largely excellent; there are a refreshingly large variety of combinations+ You have the option to 'uncombine' items that you've crafted, thus freeing up the materials for re-use; this little quality of life feature is incredibly useful, and I feel that many crafting systems throughout the gaming world would have benefitted from it+ An appropriately moderate variety in creatures+ Some crafting recipes are only available for certain characters, thus increasing incentive to replay+ Exploration is both rewarding, and very much encouraged throughout the title+ The story did a suberb job of managing to not take itself too seriously, without falling into the classic pitfall of being cringey and annoying+ While the hunger and thirst meters fit well into the game, it was the fatigue meter that really stood out as a breath of fresh air; this added a bit more challenge and a greater feeling of urgency to the game+ Hunting was very fun and challenging; tracking wild game through a monster-infested island could be quite the rewarding challenge+ Nighttime operations were very well-handled, in that a setting sun very much puts you on edge if you're out in the open and far from a campfire+ Melee combat was solid and satisfying- Zombies are largely generic copies of only a handful of models- During daytime, inventory is slightly too transparent; this results in a fair bit of squinting, but wasn't an experience-killer- You cannot craft stacks of items- Aiming (I used mouse and keyboard), while for the most part excellently designed, could occasionally prove frustrating and unreliable; picking specific targets out of an oncoming horde (something you will NEED to do) is difficult when you're cursor is constantly jumping between several front-rank targets- Could have benefitted from a larger, more comprehensive skill treeLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,250400,13778518,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Eaguru,"I tried to get into this game and like it, but the myriad of negatives overshadowed the few positives in the game. More often than not, I felt like I was fighting the clunky movement, mechanics and horribly designed UI more than I was the zombies. Not even the saving grace of co-op could make the horrid combat worth my time.I've been told once the game pacing picks up and you begin gearing up the game becomes more bearable, but I'm not one to slog through several hours of bad gameplay to do so."
,Recommended,250400,20058522,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Corn on the Cob,"How to Survive... Hmmm. This game has much to be said. JOIN ME BELOW *swooooosh*PROS- Nice graphics (doesn't require a beast computer)- Cool finishing moves when killing zombies- Really nice crafting system (simple yet complex)- Good sounds (althought it could use some different zombie sounds)- Nice camera view (""in the sky"" view like league of legends, dota, etc.)- LOCAL MULTIPLAYER (me and my bro have played this since I've gotten it. Many fun memories made!)- Cool survival (has hunger, thirst, tiredness and health)- Amazing and challenging enemies (A GIANT CHARGER LIKE THING AND A FAT SANTA)- It actually has a story modeCONS- Add more characters (there are only 3 as of right now without DLC [5 with DLC])- More long range weapons (maybe add a crossbow or something like that)Those are literally all of the cons I could think of... I've sat here for at least 3 minutes thinking about what I've experienced so far.OTHER THOUGHTSI got this game for LITERALLY $1.49. Deal of the year if you ask me. I think it's worth $15 as long as you have controllers and friends to play with ya.- I love this game. It is a fun and unique game that makes many fun and enjoyable memories. WELL DONE, DEVS. JUST ADD MORE CHARACTERS AND KEEP THE UPDATES COMING!!JAKES RATING8.2/10APPPPRROOOOOVVVEEEDDDDThanks for reading my review!! It means a lot. If you found it helpful then let me know!! Adios amigos (idk what that means i dont speak spanish)"
76561198048974498,Recommended,250400,10111223,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,rjmacready,"This game is actually very good, and I'll be buggered if I know why it wasn't more popular. After all, neither the ""zombie"" or ""survival crafting"" genres seem in much threat of extinction at this very moment, but, well...maybe the sheer quantity of such gaming experiences is precisely WHY this one got lost in the shuffle.Really quite the minor, undiscovered gem. Which isn't to say it's a 100% frustration-free romp, but my complaints are relatively few and minor, namely:It's a tad LONG for my tastes (then again, just about all games these days ARE, hahaha). The aiming mechanism is sometimes frustrating (especially with melee weapons, which it hardly even seems necessary for). And the night-time sequences, while spooky at first, become increasingly tiresome once you realise all you really have to do is stand next to a camp-fire for ten minutes and you'll be home-and-hosed (though the temptation to wander away and get up some bonus XP is definitely there, and usually just ended up getting me into needless trouble...but that's just the kinda eejit I am sometimes).On the whole, however, ♥♥♥♥ it: it's pretty darn fun, not without humour, and certainly not lacking in hearty bloodshed. Best zombie game since those two that Valve did (and I'll play just about anything with zombies in it, let's face it). Definitely THE BEST ZOMBIE GAME SET ON ONE OR MORE ISLANDS to be released in recent years (not pointing any fingers at any infinitely better-known and infinitely LAZIER franchises with similar thematics which I could mention)!I'll definitely be playing it again sometime, and if that's not a recommendation, well I'll be a Coco's uncle. (Sorry, but you might have to play the game to get this little in-joke...go on, you know you wanna...)Verdict: 9/10."
76561198054143942,Recommended,250400,32709945,Posted: 23 June,all,friendlyplummer,Allowed for one of my favorite things- crafting!! Other then that it was a solid game with workable mechanics that were only ocassionally annoying. 7.5/10
,Not Recommended,250400,7760134,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Shinjorai,"This game is fun, albeit short. It may be fun to play in a group, however i played it for the campaign and it only took me about 2 days to complete. If there was more to the game i would heartily recommend it, i still wouldnt give it a bad score, it just seems like it needs more content. Also there was some issues with throwing molotov cocktails in the game, the aim was really wonky and a few other bugs that were sort of annoying. With that being said though its not a terrible game, just not a truly amazing one.Im going to vote no on recommending this particular title because of the lack of content. The building your own weapons was an interesting component but it still wasnt enough to save the game imo."
76561197970595175,Recommended,250400,7777721,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[ITZ!]Trouble Man,"A neat little game, short but entertaining.Best thing about it is the easily accessible crafting system. Gather stuff that you find all over the islands and combine them to powerful items. Manage your character and limited inventory space, find water and food so you don't starve, find shelter to sleep when you are exhausted and protect yourself from the creatures on the island.Kill hordes of Zombies with your ever improving crafted weaponary and armor and find a way off the island.This game is not hardorce survival horror. More a top-down shooter."
76561198268634921,Recommended,250400,24758609,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jake the Hawkeye,"Would recommend if it's on sale. Overall, I'd give the base game a 6/10, and the DLC 4/10.Later in the game, it starts to wear on you/become repetitive, but you just have to press on through. There's a bit of a learning curve for a lot of aspects, but once you get past the first island, things become a lot mroe clear.Pros:Nice storyline. I'm not generally a fan of zombie games, but it's a mix of nature survival and zombie survivalCrafting lets you do different things without being too in-depth (though pretty linear/few overlapping components)Plentiful ammo, so if you use it properly, no real need for time-consuming CQB once you get going in the gameWon't do any spoilers, but there are interesting twists and turnsThe ""Kovac's Tips"" are a nice way of doing in-game tutorials; informative but fun and creativeThe base game does a pretty good job of being clear about your goals, good map icons (though the DLC loses that in a lot of ways)Overal enjoyable to play, and keeps you drawn in for the base game (though for DLC, see above point)Cons:The camera angles... it's a fixed cam, or rather a series of fixed cams that semi-randomly rotate. No way to adjust your veiw. Sometimes enemies will be a few feet away, but you can't see them because of the camera angles.You need to stockpile all your ""dropped"" weapons in a couple centralized places, or you'll lose track of where stuff is - no system for keeping track of what you drop (no chests, storage system, or map to show where stuff is)After the main game, not a lot is explained well enough - have to google A LOT later in the gameLots of grinding later in the game, and though it says you're getting xp, it's essentially meaningless becaue of how the upgrades workIf you move offscreen, a horde of zombies could appear where you just were. Constantly clearing the map everywhere you go is a huge painZombies respawn way too fast. If you can back-and forth between islands (or even off-and-on screen sometimes), everything fully regenerates right awayNighttime combat: think Hyrule field from Ocarina of Time - no way to stop annoying pests popping up throughout the night, and from all around you. A bit of a pain to deal with throughout the entire gameCan't sleep through the night unless you're tired (at most, every-other day or every few). No way around nighttime combat"
,Not Recommended,250400,8956649,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Foamed,"You are shipwrecked on an isolated island, a desperate castaway in a total freakshow world.How will you survive?Yes, how will you survive this mediocre ""action-survival"" game, a game which we've seen one too many times?How to Survive plays like a isometric action-survival game (think of Diablo mixed with some minor elements from Don't Starve).Basically you run around, collect stuff you find while you mow down zombies with the collected stuff you've crafter. Usually with a rusty machete, chainsaw, an axe, a boomerang or some makeshift gun which looks more like a vacuum cleaner than a deadly weapon.Let's just get it out of the way, the combat is extremely boring. It's boring, tedious and lackluster, and when you got thousands upon thousands of zombies chasing you then you'll get bored relatively fast. The developers also added a finish-move/take-down mechanic when the enemies health drops too low, but even that function is in most cased an hindrance for you to use.The difficulty is also laughable. On the games website it says:""Try the “Iron Man” difficulty for a demanding hardcore game experience.Calling the Iron Man difficulty a hardcore experience is an insult to people who crave hard games. I died a few times because of my own stupidity (I used the take-down move and it got me surrounded), but other than that the Iron Man mode is a walk in the park. I never had any problem finding ammo, food, water or shelter.There isn't a lot of ""surviving"" to do in this game, the crafting is tedious and the items you can craft are very limited. Craft yourself a triple bladed boomerang (with spikes) as soon as possible (on the second island) and you'll never want to use another weapon ever again.Ammo, food, water and shelter can be found everywhere, it basically becomes a chore to survive, and that chore isn't even remotely fun.The game also suffers from being ridden with bugs and is also terribly unoptimized. When you got an almost new computer with an i7 processor, 16gb ram and a 2gb memory card which has problems to render the water properly, then you know the developers were pretty lazy.I wouldn't recommend this game, not by a long shot. It's simply not worth your time or your money."
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,250400,18224479,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sinatr,"I tried to like it.. but I just can't. It doesn't looks/feels bad, but why do I feel taste of s..t  in mouth after playing this? Here is why:- UI is terrible, full controller support game, means: no hotkey for windows, some ugly ""scroll skill/use skill"" buttons. 90% of my deaths in game is because of panic and inability to switch weapon.- inventory is crap, if you have some number of stackable items and pickup any amoung over stack maximum - you will loose extra, no joke here, last update of this game was in 2014, so there is no hope for fixing. There are stupid limitations, like 6 molotov max (MAX! i can carry loads of items, but allowed only 6 molotovs!), bullets stacks in 500, arrows in 100, wooden stick in 10, etc.- camera... oh my.. What is the use of long range weapon with camera which looks from above on me and hiding anything of turn?? Approaching anything from north means it will charge before you see it.- targeting.. I want to see how the guy who innovate this targeting system plays the game, because I think he never bothers to do so. I crafted 100 explosive arrows to waste 90 of them trying to shoot barrikade.. it targets anything else, but not goddamit barikade which I have to go through to progress.- respawn.. while trying to create a ""base"" (to keep all unknown loot and valuables) I had so much pain.. moving half screen away and then back to find dozens of zombies coming from nowhere.. really?- farming.. oh yeah, crocodile quests. I killed like 100, but never seen claws or head and they are needed for quests. Same goes for deers. What are the chances to have their head dropped? 0.0001%?- map.. best names of locations ever: ""Isle of <insert some strange word here>"", I can't remember names nor pathes, map doesn't let me to see all islands, how I suppose to navigate all that crap?- night.. the fact is: it's not dangerous enough, but annoying as hell. It's bad to explore (you see bad), it's bad to travel (you may run into a pack of zombies, or worse), it's impossible to skip. The only way to ""sleep"" is to get tired, I can drink while at full thirst, but I am not able to sleep..- craft, best example of how to make crappy and annoying craft. constant inventory micromanagement. some items have ""undo"" option, some not, go loose your precious component while experimenting or click 100 times while crafting few items..- bugs: items dissappears when dropped (loose my chain component, never been able to make it again), overstacking inventory issue (described earlier), constant crashes (luckily on map loading)..I could easily finish it.. wait, I couldn't it. Can you? Don't think so."
,Recommended,250400,10418732,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Vash(88),"Don't let the low metascore fool you.  This game might not be the best zombie/crafting/survival game ever made, but it has a lot to offer when playing co-op.  Even if the game feels as though it could have been bigger.  The idea of keeping your character fed, hydrated, and rested while exploring zombie infested islands and crafting useful items from scraps is a fun idea that is implemented well with this game -- the world, items, and crafting options just seem a little lack luster.The survival aspects of the game, eating, drinking and resting, are presented simply.  Safe houses must be discovered and cleared out for the character to have a safe place to rest.  This part of the game works well.  The safe houses get progressively more difficult to clear, and they are spaced appropriately throughout the game.  It would have been nice if the islands were larger.  The player must search for wild edibles or hunt for food.  Foods can be cooked and combined, but a lot of the times there is little to no reason to do it.  While it's fun to make a dish a Fish 'n' Chips, there is no difference from that and just a cooked fish.  This part feels as though it could have used more work.  Maintaining good hydration is another survival aspect that is done simply and effectively.  Fresh water can be found around the island, and the player can store water in different containers.  These containers can be re-used for water again, or for storing other liquids.  Various fruits and items can be mixed with water to make ""mix drinks.""  This part of the survival felt as though it got more attention.  Every new drink that was discovered had different effects, and that led to more creative use of inventory space.The back packs are a tad small; however, if you are planning on playing co-op, which I highly recommend, the back pack size works extremely well.  It took extra coordination between my partner and me, but that added a lot to the co-op.The combat is solid and balanced.  What would be overwhelming at first, in time becomes just another brawl on the beach.  The learning curve fits well with the progression of the character.The story is nothing exceptional, but that's not why I played this game.  However, all of the npcs are voice acted which is a breath of fresh air.The asking price for this game feels right on.  It's a steal when it's on sale.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=269475707"
,Recommended,250400,9155458,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,xlolra,"How to survive – more like how to not get frustrated :D-Before a friend and I could even play the game we needed to restart the game 3 times and even during the game it would freeze and a restart was needed. For example talking to character made the whole game freeze so we didn’t try to talk to the character again :D- Another thing that really annoyed me was that you are not able to save the game in the Main Menu. You need to wait till you get to a checkpoint or something similar. If you die before the checkpoint…yep playing everything again. Frustrating.-The looting system in the coop mode is horrible. If one person picks an item up only one of the player has the weapon so on. Also if you get a reward, my friend and I had the problem that only he gets the rewards and I get nothing. And that at the beginning of the game. Frustrating.-Your character has 4 “needs”: Health, hunger, thirst and exhaustion. So you always need to make sure you have food and something to drink. But if you play as a pair it’s not easy to have always enough food for both. Having these needs gives the game a realistic touch but I found it frustrating :DBut even if the game is having some bugs and so on I had fun playing it.+The crafting system is nice and easy to understand.+I liked the bird's eye view of the game. It’s something different from what you normally play.+ The game is about Zombies. So yeah….fighting zombies is fun :D+The animations looked sometimes really weird but I still like them. For example the character has different “finisher moves”.If you don’t have high expectations the game can make a lot of fun,especially if you play the coop mode. And I think if the developers take they their time and erase those bugs the game will be even better :)"
,Not Recommended,250400,26702181,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,thetick,"This game could have been something special, but it is clear it was unfinished, rushed to release and then abandoned, so that work could be started with the sequel.  It is a shame when you consider the potential.  The gameplay starts out being fun, but quickly you are forced to notice a deliberate lack of polish.  The cut scenes look like something from a high school class.  Much of the game and the ""story"" felt uninspired.  The skill tree did not give meaningful choices.  You will notice more if you play the game yourself.  It's all the little things that add up and kill.The main issue for me was there were tons of bugs and desynchronization issues that soured enjoyment.  Some bugs include characters disappearing from the screen, permanently losing items and weapons that took a while to build, quest tracking issues forcing you to guess the way, and game pausing constantly for lag in the middle of battles.  It leaves you feeling frustrated because you cannot seem to go more than 5-10 minutes without encountering a bug, especially when they impede your progress for the umpteenth time that session.  There was a breaking point that I reached where I just got tired of dealing with it all and just decided to finish the game, forgoing the rest of the DLC and side quests.I will mention that I played this strictly coop and I wonder if part of the problem we experienced was due to lag from one of us being in Europe and the other in the US.  We have played tons of games together in the past and it is definitely not the norm for connection issues to be as bad as this game.With the game beaten I feel like I can say that I gave it a fair shot, but I do not recommend it.  I might increase the recommendation to a maybe if you would try it singleplayer or if your coop partner does not live over seas AND the price is around a buck or two.  But I cannot justify encouraging the devs, so I am not recommending the game and I am staying away from purchasing the sequel."
76561198032141646,Recommended,250400,20331519,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Syndrom69,"Game runs smoothly, I didn't encounter any bugs and after you're done with story mode (I obviously am not), you can try to play in local co-op, co-op and multiplayer. There are several modes included and hardcore difficulty will make you cry (even normal one has its tough moments). Incredibly deep crafting system makes you craft something completely useless and this is the first time I saw something like this in any kind of crafting games.How To Survive is an indie gem that looks cheap, feels cheap and plays lovely. Basically, this is one of those games you've dared to love before huge web portals and trend-fueled magazines told you it's not OK to love these kind of games because of I don't know what reason.I recomend to all my friends...so get it now and embrace the zombie survival :D hooooooooooo yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaa"
,Recommended,250400,16740965,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Praise R'hllor,"prosGreat game for local coopNice gameplayNice graphic and sound designIt often goes on sale @90% (for ~1€) it's REALLY worth itKovac's tutorial (well you must play to know what I mean)consHow to DLC (imho it's not really worth to buy them, I bought the Storm Warning Edition during sale for a few cents extra)Apparently while player2 (joypad) is moving, player1 (keyboard) can't use the menu"
,Not Recommended,250400,32800155,Posted: 25 June,all,Sync,It feels like you're playing a mobile game. I recommend buying this at a discounted price. It's not worth the full price because it's too repetitive and I don't feel the survival aspect of the game. It's more like a zombie-themed Dungeon Hunter.
,Recommended,250400,13860093,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Ruby 💝,"How to Survive is a game you can easily sink hours in if you like the genre.The controls feel fluid and are easy to remember with Gamepad.Combat doesn't feel clunky(even have finishers). There's a simple yet solid crafting system.You actually have to drink, eat & rest in this game(Some ppl may or may not like that)The story has some humor in it, but mostly found myself mashing 'A'.Skills are a bit bland (eg.''+X% exp at night''), but the different weapon combinationsmore than make up for it.7.5/10The price is a little steep, but it's a must-have when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,250400,13715583,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,b3nderz,"Interesting game, a kind of mix of hack n' slash style (gameplay, leveling, quests...) and survival elements (food, water, etc...). I'm enjoying, I think the game deserve a try !"
76561197969372390,Recommended,250400,22904856,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,mr. nails,"Pros:+Interesting crafting system+Funny Dialog+Comical Tutorial+Local and online co-op+Nice, but simple looking top down graphics+Kovac (NPC)Cons:-Skill tree bland-Semi-Linear gameplay-Extremely limited inventoryYou have ship wrecked and when you awake you find yourself surrounded by zombies and you quickly pick up a stick and the carnage begins.How To Survive is a twin stick shooter of sorts with survival elements thrown into the mix.  The survival aspects in this are like you'd expect.  You will need to find and drink water, find shelter (and rid zombies of it) to sleep and kill the local wildlife to eat their meat so you don't starve to death.  You can even make fishing rods to fish as well.There is a crafting system and it was somewhat unique and fun in my opinion.  You gather up resources you find throughout the island(s) and you can craft things like axes, bows, body armor, guns and explosive devices.  You will also be finding plants scattered about and you can combine them and make healing items.Herbalism ranges from making healing items, tonics for shields, better aiming and so forth.  For the most part all I ever used were the healing items.  Making shields and what not only lasted you 15-30 secs and it's gone.  There wasn't much threat throughout the game unless you neglected to upgrade your weapons.Threats on these islands range from your normal zombies to zombies in full tactical gear to giant Resident Evil Nemesis creatures.  Even the wildlife can turn and cause more problems than the zombies do.  Zombie deer?  You betcha!  If you happen to die you end up leaving a tombstone on the ground.  There's nothing for you to retrieve, but once your friends log in they can see where you've perished.  I saw plenty of people I recognize dead all over the place.There is a story throughout your adventure and your goal is to get off the island.  There are other people stranded which act as quest givers.  Quests are mostly just fetching items or off to see your next NPC that always comes with funny dialog.The DLC consists of challenge modes, the barricade mode and an extra story line that takes place on El Diablo Islands.  The challenge modes are just that.  Complete certain game functions without dying and nothing in your inventory.  Barricade mode is you build a base and keep the zombies out of the base to protect a wounded friend.  You run around and pick up wood and make ""barricades"".The base games story mode took me around 14 hours to beat and El Diablo Islands takes 3-4 more hours.  Max level is 15 and you can respec the skill tree 4 times.  The full game runs around $20 (including all DLC), but can often be picked up for $2 on sale.  Well worth it if the above seemed interesting to you.  Fans of this game asked the devs to make a 3rd person view and there is one availabe.  So, if you'd prefer to play this 3rd person over top down then check that one out instead.  It's the same game just different perspective.It's a great time and it was great fun.  Always looked forward to finding my next blue print so I could upgrade my gear.  Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,250400,28626896,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vicente,Fetch Quest: The Game! But with crappy controls and the least compelling story possible.
76561198014906902,Recommended,250400,23203164,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Alexandros,Very nice Survival game with nice crafting system and land to explore.Grades: From 1-5 ( not satisfied at all 1 - 5 very satisfied).Plot: 4Graphics: 4Gameplay: 5Control: 5Music: 4Animations: 5Environment: 4Sounds/Dialogs: 4Cinematic Videos: 4Difficulty: 5Average: 4.4
76561198047690992,Recommended,250400,22772726,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Todalio,"So, I played 3 hours of this.It is a nice game. I bought it in sale for 2.19 the whole pack which was worth 21.99.I think I got more then what I payed for. 2 first hours I discovered the game. Good mechanics. The fights are interresting. One of the best part for me is the ""crafting side"" and as I've not even been through more than two hours, I guess it is gonna be even better.The third hour, I decided to start again now that I understood the basics of the game. This hapens in most action/RPGI've only played solo. I gotta say, I'm playing on easiest difficulty and it is still somewhat difficult. The first boss killed me twice before I butchered him.I intend to play online, but for now, I'm pretty pleased with the games.To rectify, I payed 2.19 for this(Full content with DLC). I haven't even tried the two other game modes that comes with it (Challenge and Barricade, I believe)  For that price, I recommend it to anyone.For the full price, I would make no recommendation, still need to try it more.But if you like a good Hack'n'slash thrown more into survival/crafting than adventure/action, it may be for you."
,Recommended,250400,33135434,Posted: 2 July,all,fiduke27,"As long as you know what you're getting, this is a great game. The crafting isn't very deep, and the survival is barely existant. The action is fairly deep if you want to explore different ways to combat hordes of zombies, but for min/max'ers it'll get dull quickly as you won't change your combat styles more than once or twice. The story is barebones, with plenty of space that was never expanded upon. Finally, the game is very short, with nothing more than trekking back and forth, plus ever increasing amounts of enemies that extend the time it takes to play.Despite all of that, the game manages to be quite a lot of fun. The crafting was fun to explore, not knowing what recipes you might find. The weapons all have different playstyles, encouraging you to find one that suits your style, or even better you can swap styles on the fly. The story is jusssst enough to keep you engaged.For most people, this will probably be the type of game you play in an afternoon and you may or may not finish it. For under $2 it's worth it. For those of you who really enjoy it, the challenges, achievement and additional modes will allow you to sink 100 plus hours.For $1.49 this is a 9/10 and recommendedFor $15, this is a 2/10 and not recommended"
,Not Recommended,250400,22774889,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Chocolate Danish,"I bought this game 2 hours ago because it was on a massive discount and the game has some pretty good reviews. I will try to write as honest and as unbiased as I can:melee combat - boringrange combat - basically can't miss = blandexploration - linear (therefore non existence)crafting - combinations already set out and therefore you never really need to figure things outquests - typical ""fetch this"" ""go there"" kind of missionsskill tree - very very dullcamera - weird camera angles and is unadjustablegraphics - actually pretty nice, i thought it was actually pretty well doneenemies - too easy, just hordes of the same zombies, nighttime creatures are a joke! (it would be more tense if flashlights and torches could run out of batteries/fuel)overall, i'm requesting a steam refund. this isn't really an exploration, survival game at all. its a hack 'n slash, platforming-like game.3/10"
,Recommended,250400,8332051,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Murmudamus,"This is a fun small game to play. I bought this on a really good sale and for the price this is a very entertaining zombie-killing hack-n-slash. Skill trees are not very complex, but the game has a variety of weapons and items you can craft. I think this game will be even more fun playing it co-op, which you can do even locally"
,Recommended,250400,20308904,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Toxic League,"I had a fun time with How to Survive up until the final battle. Then I had to rage quit about 10 times before I finally lived through it.-The narrative by Kovac keeps the mood fun and entertaining.-There are a cool variety of monster types and weapons to build.-The crafting system isn't overly burdensome although the few number of inventory slots made it a chore at times.-I found the aiming to be a little inconsistent with a controller, especially for the boomerang which happened to be my favorite weapon.-The story does end up to be a lot of fetch questing, which gets old fast.Fun? Yes. Does it make me want to buy the sequel? No."
,Recommended,250400,23464256,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,JayMayBe,"I was quite ceptical when I first got this game, one of my friends told me to try it and it was on sale, while it seemed to have an interesting game play zombie islands stories were never really my thing, but let me tell you, I am loving every second of it now!This game is entertaining, challenging and involving, while I play I am always wondering what will happen next and it is built in a way that it is not too easy but you rarely get stuck you flow greatly throughout the whole game, the plot is great and it's also quite humorous which is not something you normally have in most survival games. You can play on your own or with friends, although the multiplayer view can be sometimes frustrating it is always amusing to go through the story with friends by your side.Overall: It's a great game and I honestly recommend it!"
,Recommended,250400,12515829,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Kray-Z,"Pretty good game, but camera work ruins whole gameplay in a cooperative mode. It's just annoying. It really bothers me and many other players too (i have seen a few posts about it, players actually begged developers to fix this). However, single mode is interesting and provides fun for couple of hours and i think that if you like zombie survival type games (and playing alone also) you will like this game. Is it worth buying? For single playing only, yes."
,Not Recommended,250400,13980074,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,tieio,"Frustrating and just too bland. Crafting is limited and the game play is amateur. This has been my opinion, if you do not like it, form your own."
76561197964373272,Not Recommended,250400,11910065,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Ninjazz,"I wanted to like this, I really did. I really TRIED to like it, but it was really a disappointment.This game is simply mediocre in so many ways. Don't expect a deep survival experience here. Don't expect much at all. Even the humor feels forced at many points.  (Though once or twice will make you smile a bit)There are a lot worse games out there, but this game just really doesn't deliver on what it hints at in the trailers and previews.If you want it, do yourself a favor and pick it up on sale.(I also don't understand why it keeps popping up on the new releases list.)"
,Recommended,250400,15256485,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Faudraline,"I started to play this game on a friend's recommendation, and I've decided that I should listen to the said friend's taste more in the future. I wouldn't go far enough to declare this game a gold find, but It is a decent time kill with a story. You pick one of the pre-created characters and open your eyes in an island that you have no memory of arriving. Then, the fun begins. Yes, How to Survive is a fun game, with a neat co-op option and some interesting DLCs. It is your basic zombie hunt/survival and some good time. The setting isn't actually creative, yet the crafting options are diverse. Me being a fan of the isometric camera really tips the balance on the game's favor. If you are into hack & slash rpgs, and 'Lost' crossing over 'Walking Dead' sounds interesting to you, you should buy this game. Oh, btw: there is a decent discount going on at the moment, so It will be a good time as any. Have fun!"
,Recommended,250400,17992728,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Audish,"How to Survive plays like an isometric action game but with more emphasis on managing resources. The campaign strands you on an archipelago of zombie-infested islands, and you have to do quests for the other survivors to try to escape. Along the way you'll find tons of crafting materials to make weapons, armor, meals, tonics, and other goodies to help you survive. There's also a skill tree you progress through by leveling up and a full index of recipes to learn and rare flora & fauna to discover. The combat is solid if a bit floaty (kind of feels like Path of Exile if you could play it with a controller), and I especially like the ranged combat system. You aim with the right stick, and the longer you hold your aim steady, the more accurate it becomes until it becomes a headshot. Really makes fights against hordes tense as you struggle to make every shot count.The crafting system is very cool, with tons of options and things to discover, and also somewhat forgiving as it often lets you uncombine items if you don't like the results. However as some have said, the limited inventory REALLY works against the design. You won't really know what something is good for until you're able to combine it with something else, so naturally you want to hold on to one of everything. It's just like the crafting system in Teleglitch, actually... except here there's like 10x as many items to hoard, and just as little space. I imagine once you have some experience with the game it's easier to know what to keep and what to toss, but up to that point it can get frustrating.The story and writing are barely serviceable, but that seems a small consideration in a game like this. There's co-op and challenge modes if you tire of story mode, and each of the three playable characters (there's a 4th DLC character) is persistent across all modes. If inventory wasn't so limited I would be extremely pleased with this game, but as it stands it's worth the asking price."
,Recommended,250400,9030297,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"Quite nice and adorable game! Adds up some humour as well. Nothing extraordinary, just a game that follows the current fashion given by games such asDead Island,Minecraft,Terrariaand many more (survival, zombies, craft). RemindsFallout. Helped me to relax and forget about my worries for a time. Would be fun to play after a whole day in an office."
76561198142412733,Recommended,250400,23467240,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Chef,"I got this game for a laugh when it was on sale for 60 cents, but to my suprise it turned out to be a really good game. Gameplay is solid and overall an enjoyable survival game!"
,Recommended,250400,25115382,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SienaAa,"A neat little game, short but entertaining.Best thing about it is the easily accessible crafting system. Gather stuff that you find all over the islands and combine them to powerful items. Manage your character and limited inventory space, find water and food so you don't starve, find shelter to sleep when you are exhausted and protect yourself from the creatures on the island.Kill hordes of Zombies with your ever improving crafted weaponary and armor and find a way off the island.This game is not hardorce survival horror. More a top-down shooter."
76561198037253037,Recommended,250400,24620109,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DocGangrena,"This is good game,i like it,but i should also mention it have some nasty flaws.PROS:During sales,this game can be bought at 90% discount. Eat-drink-sleep system is amazing.Kovac is very unique character which can be rarely seen in other zombie games.Interesting storyline.Challenges and Barricade modes. Crafting system is amazing.Islands are pretty,and each one of them is unique. Large amount of enemies.CONS:Inventory managment is extremly lame.Travel system is bad. Other in game characters will be totally ignored by zombies. There are a lot of incorrect subtitles.There are few bugs including combat system.Im giving 6.5/10 for this game."
76561197971724802,Recommended,250400,22791414,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"How to Survivehas a little crafting in it, a little bit of RPG elements, and the story is entertaining.Crafting and scavanging while surviving as the only survivor of a shipwreck on an island crawling with not just the undead, but also other survivors and wild life is quite fun.You actually have to make sure you stay well fed and hydrated while also sleeping for a few hours every now and then, otherwise you will end up with little to no energy while fighting the zombies and that means less damage is dealt. Also, there are slightly more horrific zombies that only come out at night, but these are thankfully very sensitive to light so if you have a torch or flashlight, you will be able to keep them as far away from you as possible.Of course, you are able to craft your very own weapons and armor from the stuff you can find around the islands and these makeshift items will provide a much needed edge in your struggle to survive and maybe even escape these crazy islands.How to Surviveis a good game and I highly recommend it.7/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY |GOOD| GREAT | AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,250400,23893148,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kamikazejones,"The game as a whole is entertaining and for the price right now (1$) it's a steal. The combat, crafting, day and night cycles, random weather events, and random enemy spawns is awesome. My only gripe with this game is the fact that when you play COOP, only the Host gets to keep exp and items earned during said session, your ""guest"" you buddy would get diddly squat after the session. That is unless the other player syncs with the Host, problem with that by doing so it overwrites your local character save to match your host, what that means is if the host hasn't gotten far into the game you risk of losing items since the game matches you to it's host game. It's pretty weird how they handled the COOP portion of the game. Though that's my only negative it kinda is a big deal since i got this game with the sole purpose of playing with my friends.This is just a heads up to other buyers regarding COOP. I recommend this game but be aware of the limitations of the coop mode for this game."
76561198123085178,Recommended,250400,9037050,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,KFTalentScout,"this game is a fantastic value at just $3.70. Decent crafting system and skill tree but a poor storyline. All in all, it is what you expect from a cheaper game, and once again, it's a great value at the sale price of $3.70!"
76561198047223638,Recommended,250400,23479730,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Shushkin,"The game is fun in single player, but in multiplayer it is impossible. It's only playable with 1 friend and the one who doesn't run the server is pretty much like a sidekick in an old RPG game. When receiving items from characters, only player 1 gets them. Then after that, player 2 gets player 1's old items which are inferior.I recommend you play this game in single player only. It's a load of fun."
,Recommended,250400,10790811,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Anász,-isometric Diablo-like zombie killing-handmade shotgun-zombie ostrich-KOVAC-and his HOW TO SURVIVE GUIDE.Recommended.
76561198046992905,Not Recommended,250400,33426596,Posted: 10 July,all,Damna,"It feels like How to Survive is a great concept hampered by the wrong genre. For what is presented it would have worked a lot better if it added sim elements due to the fact that combat is too slow, and the survival aspect not dire enough to have the flow needed for an edge of your seat twin-stick action game. Dead Nation is the poster child for that type of game and sadly H2S is missing any those core elements to replicate its success.+ Kovac's Rules putting a unique spin on tutorials+ Brutal instant kills+ Overpowered chainsaws- Slow unengaging combat- The monotony of mindless fetch quests- Survival aspects not dire enough"
76561197982778998,Not Recommended,250400,33747404,Posted: 23 July,all,Dr. Pjuskedusk,"Highly repetitive. controls are wobbly and non-intuitive, and it feels like some tutorials are missing.The game feels unfinished and is definantely not worth the 14,99."
76561198021560005,Recommended,250400,22837610,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,MoZiz_Kong,Great game to initiate your gf to video games.  Played in local co-op. Had both a lot of fun.
76561197984052645,Recommended,250400,22309377,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Savino,"A great game! One of the classics of our time!Grab it with all dlcs and you will have a blast!(Don´t mind my ours here, I played it on consoles)Then, grab the second one, which is even better!"
,Recommended,250400,10308865,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,GhostsheLL,I snagged this on sale to play the local co-op with my son but it scared the crap out of him. Now I am hooked. I have only put a few hours into the game but I am betting on a lot more. I love the crafting because it is simple and goes along with the game play. A nice little Zombie RPG. Check it out.
,Recommended,250400,10184783,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Bipolar Bear,"I was unsure about this game because of the mixed reviews but I bought it for under $4 during a sale and I'd say I got my moneys worth.The game felt pretty unique to me with the combat and crafting systems as well as the general environment and night/day cycle.  The graphics are reasonable, sound is good, gameplay is fun.  A certain degree of strategy is certainly required as there are different types of zombies and environmental challenges.You have to manage health/thirst/sleep which I love in a survival game.  There is also a day/night cycle and special enemies come out at night.The coop mode also shows promise but I have not yet tried it.WeaponsThere is some variety to the weapons you can craft (ranging from a simple bow to a compound bow with fire arrows to pistols to SMG's to assault rifles to shotguns to precision rifles) and they are satisfying to shoot enemies with.  I like how you have to 'focus' your shots to get headshots.  You can make molotovs and bombs too.Crafting/InventoryThe crafting system works, isn't too clunky but isn't extremely exciting either.  You're very limited as to how much you can carry but I've rarely found myself in need of something I didn't have (at least in regards to ammo/stims/food/water), it mostly just becomes tedious when you're trying to collect items for crafting.StoryThere's not much to the story but it loosely strings together a series of tasks that keep you going.AbilitiesThe level-up perks, or ability tree, or whatever you want to call it is kind of a waste - it will make your stats and abilities slightly better but nothing exciting."
,Not Recommended,250400,16512045,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sixty Space,"I bought this to play with my friend, but it's definitely not made for multiplayer. Whenever you get an item from the NPC's it's only one of the players getting it. As well with ability points. I haven't recieved anything the whole hour we played. I might aswell not be playing at all."
,Recommended,250400,13554406,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nicolaz,"I bought the Storm Warning Edition on 2014 Winter Sale for €3,79 and its totally worth that money. Im glad i didn't bought it for the €18,99 it normal cost. Thats to much money if you ask me.  It's a fun game and it keeps you bussy with crafting, exploring and surviving. Grab it on a sale and don't look at the 60/100 Metascore i think this is before they fixed a lot of problems."
76561198081959514,Not Recommended,250400,16567974,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Snoogle,"Game was huge let down. Expected a creative sandbox game, got a sad spin off of old diablo 2 style gameplay. Crafting was limited, Gameplay was limited. After awhile, felt like the same thing over and over again. Boring. Additionally AI drops were repetitive and annoying. Killing enemies was annoying aswell with how this game was set up. Would NOT RECOMMEND!"
,Recommended,250400,16393845,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jesus,Genuinely has a good few hours of play in it. Get it in a sale.
,Recommended,250400,9035935,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Rosetta Stoned,You can make armor out of tires. There's no reason NOT to play this game.
76561198025609238,Recommended,250400,8916092,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Si,"Put it this way, I wish there was a neutral 'recomend this game' option instead of only yes or no.  It was kinda neat with the weapon contruction system thing, but i really only finished it because I don't like not finishing games."
,Recommended,250400,26333767,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,catapultier,"How to Surviveis an action role-playing hack and slash game. Your short-term goal is to survive: don't get eaten by zombies, get enough food, water and sleep, four basic needs in the game. There is crafting, so you can build better arms and armour, with some basic cooking, and building quest tools. The story line is above average, with funny training material at the beginning. The sounds, music and visuals were not spectacular, but above the average, I'd say.There were just some issues for me:The inventory space is limited. I chose to do the side quests (at least in the base game), but because I couldn't carry everything, I was forced to re-visit previous locations for left-behind stuff. And since travel takes a lot of time, I got somewhat bored at the end of the game. Somwhere in the El Diablo DLC I just started to rush straight with the story feeling kinda bored and just playing to find out the ending.The final battle was too hard, especially compared to the rest of the game. The main reason was that I couldn't switch to the most effective weapon as the challange changed. The main reason for that is I couldn't pick a good strategic position. There was even a bad barrier to enforce this.Althogether I recommendHow to Survive, but you'd better concentrate on the main story line, and don't get distracted by side quests."
,Recommended,250400,22290192,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Queasy Moan,"A Reposted review from roughnecks that I thought matched my opinion.Personal Rating: I'm having fun killing zombies and running for my lifeClassic Rating: ★★★★★Pros:✓ Story and characters (main game has 3 but you can add Nina with a DLC): You have to escape alive from some zombies' infested Islands. Every character has their onw skills, perks and final attack blows.✓ Gameplay: very well implemented twin stick shooter from a top-down perspective.✓ Crafting system: one of the best aspect of this game, you get many different ways to craft items, stuff and food.✓ Weapons: lots of weapons. My favourites are bow and boomerang - you can fire feathered and fire arrows with the bow, while the boomerang is very useful with a few enemies (it hits when coming back too and you don't waste ""bullets"").✓ Graphics: I find this game to be very detailed and aestetically pleasant.✓ Sound effects are a bit reapeating over the time but they help a lot to understand incoming enemies.Cons:✘ Lots of quests require you to go searching for some missing ""part"" and go back once you get it - I'm not really complaining though.✘ It's a bit hard to find items scattered on the ground if you don't walk over them (that's how a popup appears and tells you what you found).✘ Saves are a bit tricky because you only get one slot, so you have to be very careful - if you save in a bad moment you may compromise all the campaign. Also, you can only save manually inside bunkers, but this point adds up to the survival theme.Highly Recommended; sold quite often in massive discounts, just wait for the right moment."
,Recommended,250400,20235363,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tried csgogem.com,"I've finished this game 2-3 times with each character. I love it and if I love it you will love it too...Gameplay 8/10Crafting system 9/10sounds , effects 8/10graphics   7/10You should buy this game..."
,Recommended,250400,8853873,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Hitchet,"I have mixed feelings about this product. In the one hand it's like a breath of fresh air, but in the other it has many shortcomings.7/10"
,Recommended,250400,9995604,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Pretense丶Mask,"Yeah, this game is fun, gameplay, graphics, enviroment sotry(so far) is good, go for it, but only if you are going to play with friends, else if you planing to play it single player or solo imo, dont even think about getting it, it will be boring -_-"
76561198007246147,Not Recommended,250400,12220648,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lord Dorkamungus,"Underwhelming, repetitive and pretty boring past the couple of hours. Also this game is very overpriced."
,Recommended,250400,10205250,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Light Saviour,"I think thats an awesome little survival horror to play with a friend, find it really funny !8/10Funny Fat Zombeeeh"
,Recommended,250400,21933880,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Lemistio,"This game is pretty good, but is lacking something, I can't tell what... Crafting is great, but there should be more items, survival features are good, graphics are okay. Islands that Your character will explore are kinda small, I didn't liked idea to set barricades into places where you will came back later. I've finished this in 12 hours, so it's not a long game, unfortuntely, but I still recommend to give it a try.7,5/10"
,Not Recommended,250400,22965052,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,SpiritPaladin,"This game is very boring, basically the same thing you've seen before shoved in your face. The game tries to have comedy, but that fell flat pretty shortly. Very bland combat, nothing new, hold down to swing harder and shoot a few zombies."
76561198154497341,Recommended,250400,13378583,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,JandJguss,"I really like the game, it's fun, beautiful graphics, the combat system is fast paced, the crafting system looks really good with endless possibilities and along with all that, Kovac's humor is very entertaining.If it feels like there is a ""but"" coming, to me there is.The game is great, has very well thought out elements, but it's a little more hack and slash, action game, than a survival or RPG.Has all the elements of a great RPG, skill tree, crafting, but, it always feels very linear.You have a story to follow and a path to follow and although you can go back to pick an extra herb or gather more resources, you feel you don't really need to since the game is progression in front of you and behind, is behind.The DLC available adds two game modes that feel a little more ""open end"", but, still feels like this could have been huge and falls just short of it with the constrains imposed by the design followed.Good fun though, and with co-op you can laugh with a friend while hacking through hordes of zombies, that die in countless ways."
76561198069303648,Recommended,250400,10134199,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Negg,Very fun and easy once you get a hang of it. You should also check if you can combine stuff in your invetoryevey once in a while. Doing this could save your life It did for me. Hope you enjoy the game.
76561197970335957,Not Recommended,250400,25415572,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sickboy,They never finished part one and then part two came out! Which they must have been working on while NOT finishing part one. Don't waste your £$
76561197974619567,Recommended,250400,9031214,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Aterops,Highly recommend this one now that the co-op story mode is out. I hope there are some more DLC.
76561197993626713,Recommended,250400,12649484,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,NailDive,"God I play a lot of zombie games... I wonder what the new ""zombie"" will be and how long it will take to get here? Oh well, I shouldn't let that get in the way of telling you about How to Survive! HtS is actually a very enjoyable little game, kind of like Zombie Driver, Alien Breed and Diablo II ran a train on Krater. I can't put my finger on it, but it really did feel like I had played HtS before, and to me that's a really good sign that a game is made properly (at least to my liking, anyway). I found it challenging, but not so much that I wanted to go Super Saiyan on my screen, and was genuinely interested by the plot twists and creative story. I found this surprising because HtS, at first glance, looks like your run-of-the-mill horde grinder, but upon closer inspection I found it to be much more.The crafting system is elaborate enough yet easy to understand, that it is not only enjoyable, but essential to the gameplay. The environments are colourful enought that you don't feel like you've been sating at ants scurrying across tea-stained paper for hours, though a little more variation like cave systems would have added a bit of contrast. Everything worked, no bugs, no pulling my hair out looking for fixes or walkthroughs, and the in-game tutorials on how things work were humorously done, adding an element of comedy that you don't often see in survival games.If you're beween AAA titles and you're looking for something casual to break it up a bit, How to Survive has to be one of the best little games I've played in a long time. Fun, interesting, satisfying."
,Recommended,250400,13832160,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Yemen,"Getting fun from playing is the main purpose of games, isn't it? Well, this game is really fun. I am sure you will get a lot of positive emotions while killing hundreds of zombies, crafting new weapons and stuff and performing the tasks.Of cause it's much better to play with friend because this game is just made for co-op.But there is also a big problem in this game - bad optimization for PC version :P Also it's rather weird that developers don't make chat. No chat in co-op game... seriously?However, H2S is amazing :) Funny, interesting, vivid. Perfect game :)Call your friend and go play ""How to Survive"". Right now! :D9\10 (optimization is really bad)P.S. sorry for mistakes if there are any"
,Not Recommended,250400,16330580,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,lastenline,I wanted to like the game. I didn't know how to make anything until I figured it out on my own. I had fun for the first few islands. The difficulty curve then skyrocketed and I found it more of a chore to continue. Just not my cup of tea.
,Recommended,250400,9031018,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Skeletorhbfs,Awesome survival game! Really like the mechanics of this game. Give it a shot.
,Recommended,250400,9022970,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,TitoThePenguin,"Pretty fun game. Crafting system works pretty well and the combat is simple yet fun. The added couch co-op is always a nice plus and probably the best way to enjoy the game. The only problem would be replayability since the only thing to come back for is to beat it on a harder difficulty. But hey, for the price tag I definitely recommend giving it a shot."
,Recommended,250400,9042597,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,death1996,nice change of pace game make you mange resoures
,Not Recommended,250400,25300181,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Super Drone - Muse ( ͡° ͜ʖ,+zombie+crafting+2 players+voice actress-boringi cant recommend this game
76561198091237510,Recommended,250400,13499374,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,C⋀M,Great Game! Super fun and well structured. There is random comedy that is thrown in every once in a while. Love it!
76561198067316772,Recommended,250400,10275665,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Octeriox,Pretty cool and simple.
76561198002557021,Recommended,250400,10258217,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Geiel,pretty fun so far
76561198050858842,Recommended,250400,10343033,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Heisenberg,awesome
,Recommended,250400,10256524,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Flash,Good game
,Recommended,250400,13835012,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Gamer-Dude159,For how cheap it is half of the time it's worth picking up. So if it does not work it's not that big of a blow to your wallet. but it is very diffrent and worth it.
,Recommended,250400,25332170,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Xas,"Smooth Gameplay,Graphics are fine,Audio is decent,Crafting is quick, simple and all sorts of combinationsKovac's dialogues are funny and entertaining.The Story Mode isn't hard,One Shot Escape and Barricade in Kovac' Difficulty is nerve-wrecking,but great sense of achievement once succeed.Highly recommend using Nina, skilled in bow and fiery ammo.Only lacking I can think of is a Storage box, so do not have to arrange inventories on the ground.Had played the game before from another platform, and seeing the big sale on steam.Just had to buy it again in June16  to support.I Recommend."
76561198074168956,Recommended,250400,15360170,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,s3xRUSH,"Well after playing for like a few hours, this game is actually pretty fun!I love the crafting, the farming and the gameplay itself. It's really  refreshing! I love the idea of crafting guns(there isn't much gun crafting choices though), hunting for supplies(plants for healing and materials), I hate that some materials don't respawn (but that's just makes it too easy rite?) but overall a really enjoyable game.PROS :-- Nice graphics- Very good enviroment- Crafting is nice- Zombies?- solid story- Enjoyable gameplayCONS :-- 1 page bag space- No chest or place to store items ( drop them on the floor at a safehouse is the only way )- Realli nt much gun crafting options with limited materials- music ( Don't expect any awesome soundtracks )- Can transfer items to different character (you will need to have a fren or play the 2 player option and keep switching between keyboard and mouse controls)"
76561197998979172,Recommended,250400,9294516,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,SgtKlum,"This is a fun little game which might kill a few hours for anyone who is a fan of the zombie survival genre. The crafting system is a bit basic, but fun nonetheless, and the combat, while clunky at times, can be downright hilarious when you're making zombies explode by throwing around a boomerang you fashioned out of their own ribcages."
76561198060516413,Recommended,250400,9293689,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Goku,This game is good to have a try. Not too long!
76561197981691008,Recommended,250400,9259007,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Pootmaster General,My Unfair Review... it's alright... but in retrospect I haven't come back to it since.. so.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VLmFS3gCls
,Recommended,250400,20489847,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,[Z.E.T.] Mokpo KoTe,"I enjoy this game - it's not a common zombie shooter.The rulls of surviving are made with great sense of humor and really great animation.The game is not so easy, because you have to use your brains.I have fun times with this one."
76561198106642205,Recommended,250400,9041233,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,-one of the last of us-,"WOW !!! I warn you, it's addictive."
76561198278752803,Recommended,250400,26322455,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ZootownMontana,"Solid game for the most part. I definitely enjoy the fact that you can co-op campaign, however there are some issues with the connection. Frame rates keep dropping and the game will just time out and reset your progress. Somewhat frustrating as the game is relatively difficult and when you grind over an hour without being able to lag over to a save point and the game times out, you kind of want to cry. Still, when it works, it's a brilliant game. 4 out of 5 from me."
,Recommended,250400,7933422,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Not ciara,"You can craft, you can kill zombies, you can explore..... So many things that you can make in this awesome game."
,Recommended,250400,23548145,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Danakin,A different take on the survival/zombie genre that works quite well on PC. The game uses a fantastic crafting system and challenging gameplay as you progress. I was not able to keep on playing after 4 hours simply because I got tired of the grind that is slaughtering hundreds of zombies.
76561198120594782,Recommended,250400,10263856,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Glajimator,"First of all wait for a sale otherwise its not worth the full price.Although it has a survival system(including thirst,hunger and tiredness)the game focuses much more on action and the leveling system is a joke.The game is good but could be great with some adjustments.It has some awesome moments but it lacks in simple things.The level of detail in graphics its pure awesome(dismemberments,blood etc) and the combat gameplay its not bad at all i just wish they had a free aiming system to make it more challenging.The crafting system is one of the best i have seen in any game however it lacks variety,and weapons dont give you a reason to use them once you craft the triple boomerang.It lacks a lot of balance and content(way too short story) and a tiny world to explore.If you are to survival genre i recommend it.Overall 7.5/10 it is a good game but could be better."
76561197968331161,Not Recommended,250400,16542052,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Danger,"Played this game multiplayer with a friend.  It just kept crashing.Might be a gem of a game, but if all it does is crash then you don't get to see that."
76561197977305446,Recommended,250400,11293183,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Rankkis,"Zombies here zombies there zombies everywhere!Kovac rules!This game is sinister and addictive. First you have only a wooden stick and your mission is simply to survive. You find different parts of guns and you can combine those to make unique killing machines. The most efficient guns are a bit too complicated to combine and you will lose important parts due to limited inventory.Sometimes it is frustrating to kill everlasting hordes of zombies just to get different part of island.  There is also some monkey business. It is worth to cater monkey’s needs you will get precious goods. But all in all, story is vividly sick and there are some twists.Iron man mode is challenging but not impossible. Challenges are welcomed variation and I recommend playing those after the story mode. And the infamous Angry Deer Helmet, you will get it eventually after finishing survival hobbyist achievement.How to survive is wonderful slice ´n´ dies game. Truly worth of $5 on the sale."
,Recommended,250400,13508313,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,G4mm4K1ll3r,The good:-It has an interesting story mode-Good graphics-Good weapon mechanics an combinations-Good co-op and multiplayer mechanics-Camera is much better in singleplayer-It has interesting challenges both for single and multiplayer-It is a fun gameThe bad:-Camera in co-op is restrictive-Could use inventory improvements-Items disappearing from the joining player in co-op-Some minor bugs-The quickbar needs some optimization-One save slot-Crashes suddenly for no reasonOverall score:8/10Over all a very fun game to play with friends.
76561198039689918,Recommended,250400,9328278,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Yumi,"My friend came over for a quick visit and we wanted a co-op game to playWhat started as a casual visit turned into an all night zombie killing spree! 8 hours straight, Checking each and every area and trying everything we can. alas we did not finish it... but round two is just a few days away.It was SO hard to put this down. an amazing game!! Truely!!"
,Recommended,250400,10363722,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Leisher,"Grabbed this one for $3.75 during a Steam sale, and easily got my money's worth.It's a top down action game in the zombie genre combined with a bit of crafting. There's only about 10 hours of game play, and that's hitting all the side missions, but there's a certain charm to the game. There are several instructional videos in the game, and they remind me of Team Fortress 2 in their style.I don't think there's much variation in the characters and their play styles unless you force it. For example, I took Jack due to his melee skills, but found myself using the ""machine gun"" from the time I got it until the end. I suppose I could have gone melee all the way, but why would I do that when I have a perfectly good ranged weapon?I do have some qualms about the crafting system as you'll run out of space in your backpack and won't be sure what you need, and what you don't without researching things you can build in a menu accessed in the start menu, which is part of the main menu. That was confusing, and took me out of the game. If the game is based around the survival guide, I should be able to access it IN game. A minor complaint.Anyway, check out the video to see if the gameplay looks like something you'd enjoy, and if so, grab it next time it's on sale."
,Recommended,250400,10193354,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,[Daos]HEINRICH MULLER,"It is good game,but survival  here is few if you want eat or drink it is not big trouble . Usually all islands in how to survive it is just corridors .Now i want say something about  quests : often in this game we will walk in the corridors from one NPS to another NPS  to help or do something our campaign will be  short therefore i think this game only for eight or ten hours then will be not so funny. Yet one minus it is small backpack if you want have a lot of things it will be not so easy because you don't can retain all things in your backpack . But nice graphics and  good gameplay with co-op make this game very interesting and funny .8\10"
,Recommended,250400,9041467,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,jimbobslimbob,"I picked this one up since it was on sale for £2.99. It had previously been on my wishlist, since it features local co-op.Not a bad little game from my first play with it. Isometric (Diablo-like) view, decent enough to look at and with a good sense of humor. Gameplay is a hybrid Action-RPG/Survival/Crafting type of game.There looks to be 4 main islands in the game, which you can hop between when you fix boats etc. and explore. It has a hunger, thirst and fatigue system that works all together with the crafting. Crafting in this is actually quite good. I have made myself a handmade gun that shoots scrap metal (think Flak-Cannon) out of various materials I found. I also crafted a bow and arrows, and even some ""fish and chips"". Ehem. Like I said, this is a humorous game. As soon as you hear one of the fellow survivor ""Kovac"" reciting his ""Survival Manual"", you will know what you are in for.Similarly to 7 Days to Die, night time is a difficult time to be out and about wondering without sufficient supplies, since you get a new type of fast zombie at night, that can rip you to shreds in an instant. Campfires, torches and flashlights work quite well against these guys though, so as long as you have one, you are okay.So, it's nothing special, but I bought it mainly for local co-op anyway, for which I foresee it being good fun. For the price I paid, it is well worth it.Jimbo Rating: 6/10"
,Recommended,250400,22351586,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Shootter87,Short game but very much a joyful experience!
,Recommended,250400,8505422,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,"justcallme""T""","this game is as good as State Of Decay,with a little difference+ a BASIC survival things ( FOOD,DRINKS,SLEEP)+ Crafting mechanism+ local gameplay ( 2 players enabled,if you have dual gamepad )+ funny tutorial ( KOVAC'S RULES !!!!! )+ castaway stories...with zombies !!!!+ day/night time difference ( there's a zombies that only lives at night....check your surrounding )+ BOW !!!- a confusing crafting if you don't have a blueprints- zombie animal...i think ( i hate that zombie deer )overall i think this game is 9.8 / 10well....i think i always 9+ anygame that contains ZAS"
,Recommended,250400,9035463,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,OztinCloud,Great game! Can't wait to try out Co-Op But i don't see why anyone can give it bad reviews. Maybe it's not your game?? It's fun none the less and it feels like a zombie apocolypse diablo 2 theme. I love the Borderlands 2 humor it has as well with the survival guide.
76561198095992928,Recommended,250400,8436154,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Crymson Typhoon,"It's a fun game. Just trying to survive the first couple of nights is really stressful. The controls are hard for me to get used to, but fun game none the less."
,Recommended,250400,13226863,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,RPINerd,"I’ve wanted to get my hands on How to Survive since I first saw the game released on steam, and now that I’ve had my time with it I’m absolutely overjoyed to report that it was not a letdown!H2S is a twin-stick zombie crafting survival game in which you wake up on the shore of a lost island and must fight your way through the jungles to gather some survivors and escape. While it’s about as far from a unique game concept as one can get, How to Survive is finally a polished and competent entry into the genre. It’s far from a flawless game, but the voice acting is solid, the crafting has enough depth to last through the campaign, the game controls well with both mouse and controller and the visuals are very well done.If you’re looking for a good survival game to satiate your hunger, How to Survive will be very filling."
76561198055747566,Recommended,250400,9560802,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kunar,Although short but good game.
,Recommended,250400,12361735,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,SteveHex,Awesome gameplay! Loved it! :D
,Recommended,250400,22841709,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,AINT IT FUN?? XD,Cons:Cant move the camera.Skill tree a bit boring.BUT..Pros:Fawking awesome story.Creativity in the game.Underrated graphics.The weather is just amazing.Awesome plot twists.HARD TO PUT DOWN WHEN STARTING TO GET THE HANG OF THE GAME.
76561198165175548,Recommended,250400,24842296,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SpartanAmbassador,"This game is a veey fun, and somewhat more challenging game compared to other survival type games. It does, however get boring after some time, and can start to get repetitive with the mechanics. The biggest problem I faced was lack of inventory, but it also felt more realistic as far as these type of games go. The game provides several hours of addicting fun, but I do reccomend getting this on sale."
76561198107882088,Recommended,250400,22876977,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Chewie,"How to survive… (and die a few 100 times), but that’s ok Kovac knows best!! This game is pure amaze ballz. I’m not into the Multiplayer zombie games were its PVE and PVP were I have to have annoying other players kill me off. This is a pure multiplayer (even though it’s just u and one friend) PVE survival shenanigans.Firstly, although the game may be fun as hell, and it is, I personally had a few bothersome problems that for me alas made the game a not 100% pure epic game; it still became a 98% pure epic game. Problem Uno was the inventory space and no chests in the safe houses. This is a personal opinion as I felt the inventory space (after upgrading it twice) still didn’t cut it for me, possibly I’m a crap survivor but was always frustrated in what to keep and kept chucking things and then having to look for them in each safe house that were thrown on the floor alone the way or in one pile. So a sort of Storage chest or more bags on us would have been nice. Problem duo I felt the Story mode was a bit too short I really wanted more and would have liked more quests and more of a longer story in general (even with the DLC as I have em all) I still wanted more to taste.Lastly and less moany the game is really fun all I’ve played so far was the Story mode, twice as well as collecting everything, so I really still have a lot to tap into this game. With the many DLCs that were cheaper with the game all together in the amazing sale there is still a massive amount of game 4 more different challenges that I still haven’t tried yet. The crafting in the game was just mind-blowing the amount of detail and simplicity they put to make crafting enjoyable as well as was so deep and rich that I simply couldn’t craft everything. The weapons are all mostly different and very fun in their own way (boomerangs are the best!!!) as well as the interesting ways of staying alive with cooking cool foods, drinking interesting drinks and making powerful potions to give u that slight boost in the most impossible situations. Oh and don’t forget the beautiful explosions and Molotov’s.Defiantly strongly recommend this game and will defiantly be getting How to survive 2!!! 10/10!!!!"
,Recommended,250400,12489824,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,CWolf,Fun coop game. I'd recommend it. It can get a little repetitive but it's some good mindless action with an extensive crafting system.
,Recommended,250400,9800708,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Dycerius,"This is one of the better zombie survival games. The controls are easy, the story is interesting, the crafting is simple and fun, the progress is fast enough, you don't have to run around mindlessly for hours like other zombie games, its quick and fun basically. I recommend this game and state of decay."
,Recommended,250400,12581234,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Raz,"Slept in the safe house forgetting to close the door and zombies waked me up to play with them.If you want to learn how to survive in a fun way start playing it, it will not disappoint you. You can choose one of four characters to play with, each character with different skills and a nice Co-Op as well.I didn't like the inability to pan around your character, but hey, you will survive without it, no worries. Its still worth playing so far and it's a lot of fun. Addicting, amusing side quests, cool graphics, a nice crafting system, decent skills tree and a fun story / Lost like.  I bought this on a good sale and for the $3 price this is a very entertaining hack-n-slash zombies game. 9/10"
,Recommended,250400,33927693,Posted: 31 July,all,alexshots,"fun, not bad. worth a try.for single player mode. the game is not bad. but i just feel a little bit shallow of the gameplay designs. the crafting recipes could be more and with more fun details.the story is short. survival gameplay details are ""less"" for a wonderful survival game, maybe it can be enriched more.and the game name is survival, but actually, it goes more like a god-camera-view + action-adventure game, WITH/PLUS survival gameplay elements. survival gameplay features are not deeply dug, i mean if you do not troll your own character deliberately, to survive is not quite hard, especially the food/water collecting issues, coping with debuff is not fullfiled with many details. the surviving pressure mainly comes from fights, so, it makes the game sometimes more like an action game."
,Recommended,250400,10214294,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Dux,"Buy it when it's 3.74, its well worth it.  Excellent crafting system for a game focused around killing zombies and a great skill tree as well but its not as diverse as i would like it to be.  Overall great game for 3 dollars 8/10"
,Recommended,250400,8765719,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Cotoi,"It's a small survival game that is ment to be played with your friend. You can craft, hunt, sleep, drink, store water, cook , day/night cycle... and so on. Online co-op is just released and there are still bugs wich I hope will be fixed. You have 2 modes on 4 islands wich is a decent content  for this price range. To have a realy good time it must be played with your friends on team speak because only the host gets the rewords and you need to plan things over. Over all I would give the game 80 points. This is not a DI  or DayZ but for this money you can have so much fun."
,Recommended,250400,12467889,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Moz,"Really enjoyed this game, great for a time killer."
76561198072623054,Recommended,250400,10077790,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Fish,it good
,Recommended,250400,10326458,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,FarmyardApe,"This game is great depending on what you're looking for, dont expect to be survivng or crafting much as everything you need is pretty easy to get, except empty bottles. This was a steal at 3 pounds however I dont know if I would have paid the full price."
76561198062980629,Not Recommended,250400,23895088,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MrScottKennedy,"Terribly buggy, I couldn't even get the controls to work properly."
,Not Recommended,250400,22992189,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,PH,PROS-CONS- Hold space to run- Controls are dumb- Story line is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250400,9042796,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Obi-Wan Shinobi,Good Game
,Recommended,250400,12184365,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ICX XIII,I like the survival guideKOVAC'S RULES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,250400,14781037,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Zengineer,"This is a very generic and low budget zombie survival game. The only unique mechanic that sets it apart is the ability to disassemble created items to their basic parts. It does not work on certain items, particularly advanced armor.The rest of the game is low quality top down zombie shooting. Your field of view is very narrow so there is no sniping. The camera is also a fixed viewing angle which causes too many problems both from a player standpoint and a game design standpoint. However this is all moot because the actual playable area is very small. There are several islands which are all designed in basically the same way. Here is an example of some of the level design: Talk to NPC. NPC gives mission to find X item on Y island. Follow a winding path that features many areas to fall down or access previous areas of the level but only features one way forward. See barricade that is indestructible regardless of total damage done to it. Find a ""safe"" house. Open door of ""safe"" house and have a swarm of zombies attack on the area is clear of zombies. See campfire near safe house. Take route to find location near final destination. See another indescribable barricade. Visit objective. The indictable barricades can eventually be destroyed but only very late into the game. They basically serve as walls until destroyed and then they become massive shortcuts.The survival aspect is pitiful. You have four status bars to keep track of: Health, Hunger, Thirst, and Tiredness. They are easily taken care of and really only serve as a nuisance to take up backpack space. Uncooked meals kill you. Cook meals increase the hunger bar's fullness and occasionally heal a small amount. They never go bad and there are only two basic ingredients that are edible, raw meat which comes from any animal and special white plant which is found in various locations. It is possible to carry water but there are so many sources of water (expect rain) you'll never have to worry about it.Combat is heavily biased towards guns. There are almost no melee recipes but there are gun recipes. Ammo is abundant and all guns use the same ammo. Bows are basically handguns and every gun is a fully automatic that at worst rapidly pumps ammo but is lethal at close range. The greatest gun I could create at ""high"" for every state, including accuracy, so I could actually aim at enemies off screen and kill in one hit. But really the best weapon of all is the tri-blade boomerang with spikes. Take a melee blade and combine it with a bone. Now you have a sharpened bone. Combine two sharpened bones. Then combine a third. Then combine a piece of flint. You can add the flint with just two bone blades.This is basically the best weapon you can have. It hits multiple zombies, it is incredibly fast, and best of all it doesn't require blueprints.Which leads to the biggest failure of this game. The crafting system isn't based on experimentation and it has a terrible UI. For the UI you click on an item, see if the combine item is there, click combine and see if you have another item that can be combined with. But you need recipes for many of the items in order to make them. Most of the time you can't just combine two random items and see what happens. During the first bits of the game yes you can and the amazing tri-blade boomerang can be made at this stage but later in the game you'll simply be finding recipes for items that you could have made with ingredients you found hours ago that were useless. Also the crafting is additionally resctricted by a player's level and unlocked skills. So even though you'll unlock the recipe for fire arrows pretty quickly unless you spend the point to make them you won't be able to. Luckily you can at least use items that you haven't unlocked a skill or blueprint for. Just don't uncombine it.The skill tree is a joke. The player characters have slightly different stats but it doesn't matter. Even though I choose the character with the lowest stamina and accuracy I was easily able to shoot or run away. I died a few times but mostly boss deaths or zombie-animal attacks which who will charge you rapidly and suicidally.The only part of the game that I was impressed with was the standoff in the mist. Rain is occasionally used as a weather effect  but only during a final stand is an effect used to really change up gameplay. The mist moves which creates a realistic affect of obscuring sight and requiring character reaction. The massive amount of hidden zombies actually creates a sense of panic. Unfortunately one exciting part of a game is not enough to redeem it. The quirky survival manual voice overs are really the only positive thing I've taken away from this game."
,Recommended,250400,12990297,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,kevzillamuffski,"I was originally quite interested in this game until I saw the low Metacritic score, which I am EXTREMELY glad I overlooked, because this is now one of my favourite games. I just wish I had ignored the low score earlier. METACRITIC IS WRONG.I am seriously amazed that the Metacritic score is currently sitting at 60%, I would definitely put this game at a 90+%.Basically I was looking for a game that I could play Local Co-Op with my girfriend, and this game does not disappoint, her and I love it. She is not an avid gamer either and it is not easy to get her into a game.I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone looking for a great Local Co-Op experience.As you can probably see from this review, I don't typically do this, but I felt compelled to give this game the respect it deserves. IT IS AWESOME.I want to write more, but it's late and I have to go play How to Survive instead of studying for my exam tomorrow morning.So I guess the main issue I have with this game is that it's ruining my grades at school and keeping me up until all hours of the morning.If you have somehow managed to read to this point, STOP WASTING TIME AND BUY THE FRIGGING GAME ALREADY."
76561198118417040,Recommended,250400,9028930,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Darth Hater,"downloaded it first for free, but loved it so much so decided to buy it ;)"
,Not Recommended,250400,11080194,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,KinetiK,"The crafting system wasn't nearly as deep as I'd hoped. The story didn't even seem important, or like it was even there. All I did for the two hours I played this game was run around playing errand boy, the kind of stuff that would simply be a side mission in a major title. Boss battles are boring, every time I ran into one it would get stuck on something and be an easy kill. The only good part of this game is I got it for literally pennies with money from selling trading cards, and partly due to a steam sale. If I'd spent a full $14.99 on this game I'd be very upset."
,Recommended,250400,10165161,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Niger jonsin,good price for good game
,Not Recommended,250400,8360548,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Galveraxe,"The game itself is actually okay but it annoyed me enough to not recommend it.Reasons for this were:- Random bugs adding frustration. (I never did get the in-game video displaying, only sounds...)- Frustrating inventory system. (20 empty bottles takes up same space as 1 bottle with water in it. So if you have no more room in your inventory and you have 20 empty bottles and fill one up with water, you cannot carry it anymore.)- Santa clause zombies 'ho ho ho' what the. I hope that's just a joke for christmas because it is annoying and completely kills any attempt at immersion.- Sometimes crummy camera angles causing you not to be able to see what you're trying to attack.- Zombie Deer perma-stunned me. Looked like he was just standing there and I was standing up and hitting my head on his to fall back down again."
,Recommended,250400,11971372,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,שלום,How to survive:1. Kill zombies-'k
,Recommended,250400,9040839,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Azel-P,"How to Survive, is a game that at first most likely, will underwhelm you. if like me, you are oh so sick, of zombie this and zombie that (the walking dead is an exception to my numbness to the undead genre all hail Rick!) but alas how to survive is, *gulp* a zombie game, but a zombie game, that has something... something that makes you..fee...l kinda fuzzy inside. and that something is heaps of charm, the fine folks at EKO Software have let their love of this game shine. this open world  hack em slash em  oh look an crafting game could have succumbed to the mindless body count by numbers, vapid characters and gore that is used, just so some kid on a MT dew binge can go cool! you will find none of this you will find in how to survive. characters are not, what this game wants to win you over with, they are not likeable have no personality and you do not care about them they are tools for you to explore, How to survive's atmosphere to play with the games crafting system that gives focus, to the characters health, rest ,hydration and the games playful ingenuity. How to survive or H2s if you are in the now, Lets you make up your mind in its crafting, want to make a gun? sure but do not get upset if it backfires why? well you made the thing stupid, How to survive will not hold your hand in your crafting endeavors, you will be told how to craft what makes this and that, but the games crafting combos are massive and can catch you off off guard, sometimes in wonderful ways( its something you just need to find out first hand honest. all I can say is that I have a new found respct for STICKS!) you will collect pages, as your journey unfolds pages from one of the most likeable NPC'S in a game (my opinion) the questionable and charismatic kovac AKA the guide dude. a russian accented inventor/author/POSSIBLE CRAZY AS A 3AM TEAM FORTRESS 2 PLAYER WHO LIKES TO ASK PEOPLE HOW THEY FEEL ABOUT CATS IN HATS fella, who will  show you the ins and outs of the game and who will gloat in his Knowledge of the island and its offerings. like meat? good! but cook it first! or you will be sorry, thirsty? well thats nice but do not drink from the swamps! or you will.. oh you get the point. its the details to things like what will make you sick and what will see you to victory that set how to survive apart from its bloated zombie brethren,  its a game  that you need to think not just hack and slash and yes there is plenty of that as well but the zombie asskicking is a way for you dear player to level up and unlock abilities! abilities that let you set fires, aim better  and just flat out become a badass. OK now that I have typed all this really stuff about How to survive I do have a few,(but minor) gripes. the aiming can be touchy, the mouse is your aim in the form of an ever present yellow arrow/sometimes red aiming circle/ and is your firing ability. this can be an issue when faced with undead clusters or a animal who you wish to turn into food, while the standard W-S-A-D key layout is how you move the character, you will not aim and hit a target unless you hover right over it and this is a one at a time system, so get clicking like a mad man and or chick. lucky the badies drop, pritty quickly (rember to level up!) also the crafting layout is more or less a hey try this and see what happens, you pick what you want lets say grip(the first object needed for a gun) you will be given the options, in yellow highlighted app looking boxes what the grip will craft with. if you click by accident on something that you did not want( you know the eh♥♥♥♥♥♥I did not mean to do that moment) it will, craft with out a prompt, then you must uncraft and pick what you wanted in the first place. this can leave the player feeling annoyed and disracted from the quest that they are undertaking. but good news for you, overtime and practice the picky aiming and just so fireing mechanism get to be reflex like. How to survive is a game made from passion and the drive to, offer a new take on a beat to death genre, no this is not Left 4 dead and it is not way any means trying to be. no mindless running and gunning no vast amounts of weapons laying randomly about no sir and or mam. this is a game about finding things makeing things out of things useing your head to make things and showing you, yes you. that How to survive is the difrent kid on the block and seeks to prove that not only to you but to the field of gameing as well."
76561198103199389,Not Recommended,250400,8634653,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,uncleposey74,"I wanted to love this game but i simply could not.The graphics are nice at best and the game just feels generic.The entire game involves going from point A to point B slaying enemies along the way until you reach your objective then collect a Item or talk to a specific person. That is all you really do for the short campaign.The characters are also mostly forgettable,with little dialogue that actually matters.The cast is not anything special and it is a small cast to boot.The story is escape the Islands....thats it!!!! There is a twist or 2 but it comes to late to save this bore-festOverall:After a single playthru you will probably never touch this game again it tries to do so much but doesn't nail any of it with any great sucess."
,Recommended,250400,11965656,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Pondo,"Dungeon crawler style gameplay (Diablo series) based on survival against the living dead and other wonky creatures. This is definitely a fun but short game. I got most if not all recipes and the best guns in 7 hours or so as well as beat the main storyline. There would be more time if I did all the monkey quests. Regardless, I definitely recommend this game."
76561198132117233,Not Recommended,250400,25035869,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Tellurian,"The controls are weird, and everything in the game is just very inconvenient. It is very difficult to see items on the ground which is especially frustrating if you like to use the bow and arrow. It's fun for a while, but it gets tiring quickly."
,Recommended,250400,7532874,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Guenix,"Funny game... feels like a mix of Diablo, Borderlands, Dayz & Fallout 1/2. Get it, its worth the price - especially in CoOp."
76561197964626206,Recommended,250400,7484643,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Transientmind,"OK, this one's actually pretty fun.  Everything's very solid, though there are a couple bugs.  (Run it windowed, not fullscreen.)  Definitely has a focus on the survival and crafting aspect - more than the trailers full of explosions would have you believe."
,Recommended,250400,13860833,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Biti,Best Zombie Survival RPG like game I ever played.I just bought it some days ago but actually finished story mode with one of the characters and tried several challenges.Also played online and with 2 player mode.No bugs no lags no issues. Nice graphics and easy gameplay. Only problem is the short story mode (not tried Kovac's Way yet) :)
76561197986324709,Recommended,250400,13499913,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Krimmsonscurge,I had a lot of fun with this game I enjoyed its take on the zombie island survival aspect I look forward to going through it again with the DLC added to the game.
76561197993162026,Recommended,250400,13500590,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sloodbor The Magnificent,"Exactly what I expect from a zombie game. Action, plot, murdering zombies in creative ways. Buy this game, it's cheap!"
76561197971815445,Recommended,250400,13503189,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bobwallett,"good game but really feels like a lenghty tutorial.  Just as it gets good, that os ot done.  Good in co-op too."
76561198006360679,Recommended,250400,13506844,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Taishi,"Really good survival game imo, certainly liking it so far.  Certainly worth it with 90% off atm."
76561198119501496,Recommended,250400,13509780,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Myles98,"Just bought this game in the sales. Amazing game for its price. Addictive, fun and optimised well. I recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,250400,13577526,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xIMattyyx,The game is fun to play an easy to get use to so for me it a  9.5/10
,Recommended,250400,13822032,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,FelixAntonio,good game and nice graphics and it always discount 75% lots of timesrecommended if you like to play coop
76561198017663146,Recommended,250400,15806116,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"This game had a rough start with me. I bought it with the intent on doing co-op and it went horribly!First, I couldnt figure how to set P1/2 to mouse+kb or controller (turns out you cant, it detects a controller ONLY if its powered on before launching the game AND it wont let you assign who is using it - its given to P1). Once we finally got going, we were almost immediately frustrated with the loot and xp system, having only 1 person with a stick and only the person killing gets the xp! We left it there, as it seemed to be one thing after another done badly...I decided to give it another try myself at some point and I am glad that I did. While there are some issues, Ive enjoyed getting into the game (just finished the main story as of writing this).While this is a good game, it could so easily be a great game if a few changes were made. There is no storage (fair enough, its a survival game!), instead you need to drop things on the ground, they dont appear to despawn, the problem is, if you are playing with breaks between sessions, you probably wont remember where a certain component that you need was left and with limited inventory space and without knowing what items are really going to be useful or needed next, you often have to drop things. This could have easily been addressed by allowing notes to be added to the map, lets face it, if you're trying to be real about it and all that stood between you being able to craft a weap was some tubing, you would remember where you put it!! Since Im not in a life and death situation (irl!), rather sitting on a chair with a controller in my hand and this item was dropped in a game somewhere last week, it stands to reason I may not recall ^^ This ONE change would really lift this game.As for the co-op, it needs to be tweaked to reflect there are 2 people playing (as it is, you are left playing the very same game as the single player, loot/mob count/exp/everything). 4 Things that would have made for a far better experience for co-op1) A little more slack on the camera (even solo the odd time it gets rather close and pointed downward, with 2 people having to share an already unforgiving view space....)2) Shared xp, straight up split down the middle - always - for everyone - always.3) Minor adjustment of available starting loot. It takes from the experience when one person can do nothing, doesnt matter if its ""only"" for 5 mins or 20 mins, it just isnt fun and shouldnt be this way.4) A more forgiving hit box for your partner. Just swinging a stick I found it easier to hit my partner than the zombie! Even if it appeared on my screen I was pointing at the zombie and it was slightly closer, I either hit only my partner or both! Whether it was lag, or just crappy hit box.I could do a rant about the dlc decisions (some weather effects not included in base game :O!!), I wont say more! I got it nicely discounted and Ive gotten my moneys worth."
,Recommended,250400,10241422,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,CrystalFuckingWeed,"A very fun game, it's kinda linear, but it's fun to kill the zombies, Kovac is a fun guy, glad you added him and such, would buy? yes! :) and it's really cheap right now! 05.26.14 <3"
,Recommended,250400,13730577,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SilraVen,"This is a fun game to play with a friend and for the low price of $2,49 (on sale) i think it was well worth it. The only thing I dont like is you can only play with 1 friend but, anyhow the game can be very hard at points.the game puts you through never ending waves of zombies in a very VERY s**tty story but fighting them is what is fun i would rate 8.5/10Good game."
76561198010755414,Recommended,250400,10253717,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Prime,"I bought this on sale at $3.74.I really enjoy this game.  The gameplay is fun and the crafting is pretty intuitive.  Try this fun ARPG zombie game out for yourself and see if it sticks.I would love to get Steam Workshop available for this game.  Oh, the possiblities..."
76561197971825130,Recommended,250400,10264433,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Haapy,"This game is a lot of fun. The crafting system is pretty intutive (with a few exceptions), and rewarding. The skills are useful. The inventory management feels right (tho it's hell for a packrat like me).There's quite a bit of humor, for such a bleak situation. I have LOLed quite a few times.It's a little cheesy, a little wonky, but the game is just fun to play :o)"
,Recommended,250400,10254733,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Shrek D'Ogre,"This is  fun game, it does not have not the kind of detail that many of the OCD RPGers out there drool over, nor is it purely a twitch game. The plot is simple, crafting is fun and you get to slaughter Zeds...what more can you ask for at $3.74? Maybe more storage and a simpler way to save and log off..."
,Recommended,250400,10255159,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ANeonHippy,"A very fun zombie survival game with a good story- i haven't even played COOP but that is probably extremely fun as well. The game plays well, the russian survivor guide writer is a comedic, yet not cliche, relief from zombie killing. The crafting is innovative in both its usefullness and asthetics. Overall it is a very fun game easily worth the 3 dollars on sale and whatever the normal price may be. Even in early development stages this game is great and worth your time."
76561198118703884,Recommended,250400,10256394,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cthul-Aid,"This game is exellent for an xbox live arcade port, the graphics are colourful and nice the music is genuinely creepy at night and kovac is a memoraible charactar. i would reccomend this game to anyone how likes casual rpgs or zombie games which basically applies to everyone. not to leave out the great game mechanics and crafting systems GET THIS GAME WHILE ITS ON SALE IT WILL BE THE BEST 4 BUCKS YOUVE SPENT ON A GAME!"
,Recommended,250400,10261767,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Or Khun,"Great Zombie apocalypse survival game where you can craft items and weapons and survive with your skills, also even though you are surrounded by zombies and monsters scenery is nice, it's beautiful in tropical islands if you can survive until sunrise ofcourse :)"
,Recommended,250400,10283503,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Nasty Butler,Paid $4 for it... worth it.
76561198104905341,Recommended,250400,15459319,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Aerljig,You can buy the game just for Kovac ..lol
76561198121367128,Recommended,250400,21815688,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MacCactus,I GOT A TOMBSTONE YAY
76561197961583530,Not Recommended,250400,10966880,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mina,I am not sure what the people think when they make the coop Modus but to bring the people to must have a controller i think that was the wrong idear.
,Recommended,250400,20264140,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ATBPsycold,"If you took Lost in Blue and Resident Evil and threw them into a blender this is the game you would get.  You craft everything you need with the junk you find.  I have played for 2.5 hours as of this review and really enjoy the game due to the balanced game play, hilarious commentary by Kovak and his list of rules, and the questing is the right pace.  The characters and voice acting is really good and I enjoy learning the back story of each of the survivors.  I paid like 5 bucks for this title and it was well worth twice the price!  I give this game a solid 8/10 based on graphics, sound, and content."
76561197963465407,Recommended,250400,11506482,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,>>>Finlander<<<,Awesome :D
,Recommended,250400,13522669,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kRaul,It's a very good game:)
76561198125986820,Recommended,250400,12078747,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,December 26th(MadMax),Great game
76561198108033289,Recommended,250400,13520227,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hutt'nkloas,Nice game for discount
76561198008195805,Recommended,250400,11283208,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sad!st!c,Fun game! The only other similar game I would like to see on PC is Dead Nation.
,Recommended,250400,13909126,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,LLiamson,GREAT GAME
76561197960330605,Recommended,250400,29882613,Posted: 12 February,all,vilda_marina,"Nice zombie game with a funny touch! I actually don't have to say more but of course I do.I really like the atmosphere of the game. The game comes with great music and sounds. Of course the time changes from day to night and that is when you can really notice the nice atmosphere: creeping zombies, your flashlight, the music...Furthermore, the controls are totally fine. The game is not hard to play and you can smash zombies quite bloody.Anyways, for zombie fans this game is not a bad choice and it's really worth the money!"
,Recommended,250400,7485856,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,YaprakSavar l MrFlox,Özet bir şekilde açıklamak gerekirse oyunu co-op şeklinde oynamanız sizi gerçekten eğlendiricektir.Oyun parametrik bir kamera açısına sahip olmasına rağmen gerçekten zombilere vuruş hissiyatı diye bir şey var ve crafting sistemi bu oyun için yeterli bir seviyede.Arkadaşınızla alıp oynamayı düşünüyorsanız gerçekten mükemmel bir oyun. Ama tek başınıza sıkılma şansınız baya yüksek.
,Recommended,250400,13526019,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TaReK-KsA,fun to play with friends <3
,Recommended,250400,13894304,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,0svis farmskins.com,Nice game. I complete this game. And i can say BEST ZOBMIES survival game. 8.5/10
,Recommended,250400,13518412,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,🎉,"☑ Quite nice Isometric Adventure game☑ Great price (1,39€)☑ I've never had so much fun with boomerang☒ Too many items to carry and no storage"
,Recommended,250400,10350063,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,O m e g a 3,"Fun to play, nice crafting feature, much zombie slashing , not very hard to finish especially in co-op .. When you craft the last version of the main weapons it's almost impossible to die (say boomerang, bow with explosive arrows, etc.)If you are just looking for a game to have fun with, you surely like this! Not so sure about the challenge ..Bought on 75% sale! Worth every cent! ;DA game to get on sale and not on full price..Vote: 8/10"
,Recommended,250400,9282799,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,thorvindr,"Hmm. I have to play it more, but off the bat my initial feeling is: lackluster. Imagine Diablo, but instead of a high fantasy setting, the setting is ""Zombie Island."" It's not ""bad"" per se; it's just not unique. It's fun and it's easy to play. The combat is a bit unusual (in a good way), but again: not anything that really grabs me. I'll write more after I've played more."
76561198088694416,Recommended,250400,9307557,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Fun time with Jimmy,"Great game, want some fun on a third person shooter killing zombies?This is your game!"
,Recommended,250400,9324235,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Kui,"Though quite short, I really enjoyed How to Survive, and since they implemented Co-op story mode, it's even better! Even though it is still really limited, it's a good game. I'd recommend getting it while it's on sale though."
,Recommended,250400,9255443,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,12345,#RomaStayAlive #РОМАЖИВИ
,Recommended,250400,9262345,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Escardax,"Definately worth picking up if you're a fan of zombie games and you're looking for something other than DayZ or Project Zomboid. While not really bringing much in the means of innovation. The game is a TON of fun. The crafting system is pretty damn in-depth. While the missions aren't exactly perfect, they're do-able. But that's not where the game shines.For me, roaming around the various islands, looking for new parts to salvage, food to hunt for and sleep to manage is the main enjoyment here.I play this game more for the survival aspect, making sure i'm topped on ammo, making sure i have enough food and water, then making sure i'm back at a safe house before dark, too avoid being chased by creatures that only appear at night. Not to mention they've recently implemented Online Story CO-OP. I haven't tested this, but I assume it'll be just as fun, if not better than the single player.There are challenge modes to play, I personally like 'Island of the Fatties' on 'Iron Man' difficulty, it's a hell of a lot of fun, and various other challenges which are also great fun!Soundtrack is star, some of the tracks used are just perfect for the settings they're used in. and the sounds of the guns and weapons actually sound like what you'd expect in real life.All in all, definately worth the £11.99 it's priced at, although I grabbed this for a deal of £3!"
76561198062632709,Recommended,250400,9284420,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,kalcijs,Overall an OK game! Gets repetative!
76561198093692389,Recommended,250400,9263643,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ranger Bert,Such a great game. It Ceeps me Coming back for more.
76561197997258216,Recommended,250400,9691907,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Fleshy,fun survival
,Recommended,250400,14741848,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Ned,"Considering that I paid like $3 for the game and all the DLC, I'd say its pretty decent.  Not perfect, but not bad either, at least as a time-waster.  It seems to me that most of the gameplay revolves around scavaging and crafting, there's quests and sidequests - given to you by monkeys I might add - but most of them are ""go get this thing and bring it back to me"" or some variation.  Most of it is very grind-y, this in addition to the combat styles result in a subtle Diablo or Fate feeling to the game, strangely. The story is pretty much there because there has to be one, its pretty obvious from the start who the antagonist is (in the base game at least, I haven't made it to the DLC campaigns yet). That's offset somewhat by the fact that the game is co-op enabled for two people, I suppose (again, not unlike Diablo and its ilk).Still, its fun enough, I kept trying to get to a good stopping place and ended up playing several hours more than I thought I wanted to (in a good way).  That, combined with the cost (it can be had very cheaply on damn near any Steam sale) makes it well worth its disk space, in my opinion; the 60 metacritic is a little low, I would put it closer to 70, 75-ish. Its no Dying Light (based on what I read), but I don't think its trying to be. Seriously, I think its trying to be Diablo with zombies more than anything ^^"
76561198040058499,Recommended,250400,9285338,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Talixmer,Great action and great reciepes!  Enjoyed every aspect of the game.  Excellent replayability since you can only play one character at a time and each of the three have different strengths and weaknesses.
,Recommended,250400,13985517,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,IwaynI,"ok heres what i think after nearly 100 hours played,its a 3rd person survival game with zombies, boomers,lizerds and many other deadly things.you start with basically nothing and can collect items to combine and create,shotguns,precision rifles,machine guns etc..you can also with the correct craftable items make bows and arrows* fishing rods to catch fish and hunt animals including deer,big chicken looking things.once the basics of survival are gathered your much on your way to do what you need to do to SURVIVEthere is enough in the game to keep you interested it does have a co-op,steam friend join abillity.Dont get misled by the story you will always need FOOD+WATER+REST so keep your stock PLENTYFULL.SO after all what ive said my conclusion is YES get this game but DO buy the DLC,S aswell 7/10. if could jump correct i said jump you cant jump it would be a 8/10 so -1,to me this is not key to the game but would have helped."
76561198066348512,Recommended,250400,13819702,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DoctorSushi,"I decided to reinstall this game when I saw that it was on sale for less than 2 dollars today.  I'm really glad I did, because this game is awesome.  Sure the graphics aren't great, and the fighting is a little bit clunky, but this is the best survival game out there that is actually finished.In this game you are stranded on an island, and you have to craft a lot of items to survive.  You have to manage health, sleep, hunger, and thirst meters to stay alive.  The crafting system is really simple, but it works really well.  There are a whole bunch of different things to craft, and you can play differently depending on the items you craft.There is no story.  Even though technically there are characters and dialogue, it's pretty terrible.  But that doesn't really matter when you are just taking it as a surival game.  In the story mode I mainly skipped the dialogue.  The exception to this rule is the survival guides you can pick up.  These guides help you to be better at the game, but they are hilarious!  Kovac who wrote the book narrates and is a really funny character.The DLC in this game is mostly just cosmetic, but at a sale price it is worth getting.  There are different costumes for each character, and the ability to craft fire weapons.  These fire weapons come in really handy.  There are also a couple game modes to buy, and even a new map to play.  The DLC is really cheap when it is on sale, so there is no reason not to get it.There is online co op and local co op for this game, so don't worry about that.  It's often best to play with a friend, but you really need to play together.  I don't think that there is in game chat or voice chat so you will need to play with someone you know using Skype or something because this is the type of game where it is a lot easier when you have a good teammate and good communication.I've been playing a lot of games like DayZ, The Dead Linger, Rust, and others.  These are mostly great, but the biggest gripe I have is they aren't finished yet.  Even don't starve is adding a multiplayer mode that isn't quite finished.  This game is completely done, and has a lot of DLC.  So while DayZ and other survival games will probably end up being much better games, this one is really good now.  As far as survival games, this is the one I would recommend you get if you are waiting for updates on DayZ or rust.Other then the story you can also play the challlenge modes.  These are fun because you start each level with nothing and then you have to find and craft everything.  You can change the difficulty if you have already beaten the game and it will still give a challenge.  These modes add a lot of replayability, and it is fun to just play a couple challenges with a friend when you are short on gaming time.At 15 dollars, I could recommend this game to survival fans, but at a sale price of 2 or 3 bucks, this game can be fun for anyone.  The crafting system is fun, the game has a lot of content when you add the DLC, and with online co op there is a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,250400,25278911,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Aurghyadip,"Go for it, you won't regret the purchase if you love survival  games!"
,Recommended,250400,16895897,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ploogie,It's a decent game would *Strongly Recommend* getting it on sale.
,Recommended,250400,16426359,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,「CandyS」,Really Nice Game!
,Recommended,250400,16227503,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Samantha Watching ST: Discovery,"You run around, listen to Kovak's advice, build/craft new weapons, find shelter all while stuck on an island full of zombies that would love to eat you. The game is easy enough to enjoy casually and is funny to walk around seeing the many tombstones that dot the landscape of other players/friends that met a grisly end. That is actually one feature I do hope they include in the upcoming 3rd person standalone release"
76561198124260392,Recommended,250400,19971816,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AvataR,Good game
,Recommended,250400,19394287,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Aesmoridin,Killing zombies with my buddy. About to be overwhelmed by a horde. Shoot him in the back. Reload my gun. Takes forever. I die. We high-five.10/10 Would shoot buddy again.
76561198055443574,Recommended,250400,20165623,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SuchBeautifulFace,"Game that is worth picking up a short playthrough.6.8/10Good point -1. Good gameplay2. Have constant interaction with player because of Health, Food, Water, Sleep3. But overall this game is fun for 1st playthrough, 2nd or 3rd is a no noBad point -1. Crafting system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥2. End game always end with range weapon if not zombies will just swarm you3. Audio for the survival book will destroy the ear drum of headphone user4. Game storyline is just meh, not interestingAlso most broken weapon in my opinion is triple boomrang."
,Recommended,250400,20232598,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,54MO,"Worth every penny, best survival game i have ever played!"
76561198053286136,Recommended,250400,10550180,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Del Griffith,Very Much fun
76561198077390376,Not Recommended,250400,10686181,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SumoChris C26,Its fun don't get me wrong but its not worth the price there selling it for
,Recommended,250400,13870551,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,The guy with a lemon,"Me and my freind learnt how to eat, drink and sleep to survive10/10 not ign"
76561197970755737,Recommended,250400,23113347,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Greenman,Just finished co-op play through with my son. This is a great co-op game. Awesome zombie killing inventory management stuff.
,Recommended,250400,12181792,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Dirty Shisno,Actually has nothing to do with learning about survival.
76561197999998574,Recommended,250400,13553480,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[TBR] PsychoTaxiDriver,"A fun game,easy to learn and with many ways to kill zombies.I recommend it"
76561198099280675,Recommended,250400,12887413,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Filthy Diarrhea,"Only appx. 3 hours of game play logged but this game is one of the better ones I have bought this year. The graphics look pretty good (although there are no graphics options like AA), I would say the featured pics do them justice. The story mode does a really good job of teaching you the game without spoon feeding you the answers (KOVACS RULES), and the voice acting is hands down some of the best I've experienced. A very well thought out game, pleanty to do, and lots of zombies and wild game to take out ;]"
,Recommended,250400,12407364,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,WaShEDBuRnEd14,"UPDATE: I haven't had any crashing issues at all lately! it's amazing. Seriously tho.. this game is awesome. it's fun, interesting, addictive, and overall looks real nice. I think it should be rated higher. if anyone played it after the updates theyd know it's better now."
76561198052127542,Recommended,250400,12473788,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Kefir Zaguady,"Quite fun, story is ok, character building and crafting gear good but when U find THE stones and use them on weapons (especially on triple boomerang)  it is over. U become meat grinder for zombie, and only final battle on higher difficulty become some challenge. But I just passed single mode and won't coming back for second run because when You already know the story it's just not entertaining enough."
76561197976114276,Recommended,250400,12453922,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mac,Fun game.  I haven't played anything like it in a while.  My only complaint is that you absolutely have to play this with a controller.  A mouse and keyboard seemed completely unplayable.  I purchased an XBOX One controller and ended up really enjoying it.
76561197990971859,Recommended,250400,12473811,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,formsim,Best value per dollar i've played in a long while..
,Recommended,250400,12645488,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Torres,MAQUE BOSTA OS PIORES 25 REAIS GASTOS NA MINHA VIDA NAO COMPREM
,Recommended,250400,10160033,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[Babtøut]~Montigniak~,SOOOOOOOOOOO COOL BUT SOOO SHORT
,Recommended,250400,12682091,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,peace,"i had played this game before, it was quite good and challenging when my os was w8.1, but now on windows10 the game doesnt work. just a black screen but there are sounds..."
,Recommended,250400,12761791,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Reguicus™,I do not know this beautiful when played wants to help support the Turkish language :) :)
76561197974583142,Recommended,250400,12656750,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Xander Crews,"Fun but glitchyExplosive arrows still don't target barricades (The things you need explosive arrows to get rid of...). Targetting often swaps between enemies make it so you can't get a ""critical hit"", the bug list is sizeable and fixes are not coming. If you can stomach that it is a fine little game for the price point that has okay controller support and pretty fun multiplayer. Some of the DLC makes it more interesting. Short campaign otherwise and no randomization w/o DLC."
,Recommended,250400,12651182,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Heckapoo,"nice survival game.,.,"
,Recommended,250400,12960674,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,HÄUSERISTO,Nice game
,Recommended,250400,13508596,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,CAMPERAS,Love the game !!! I bought is yesterday and I love it already :D
,Recommended,250400,13501279,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,H!TMAN,How to Surivie is a really entertaining game for any casual aRPG gamer.
76561197988745810,Recommended,250400,10077912,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,deathChirp,"This is a very fun and simple zombie survival crafting game. I would wait for this to be on sale before you pick it up. The scope of the game is very limited and it gets stale quickly. This game was extremely fun for the first few hours. After that, you start seeing the same things over and over again."
,Recommended,250400,9157948,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,OIAL,"I'm not sure why people put a  bad comment about this game.Actually, i am satisfied with this gameplay, good graphic, interesting exploration, and have a good story.If you want to purchase this game. make sure you don't play too fast.chill out, slowdown, enjoy the game."
,Recommended,250400,9303789,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Crozz,"Picked this game up a while back and finally sat down to play it over a weekend and here are my thoughts:Starts off looking like a crappy little game... graphics, movement, sound, etc. I decided to give it a good shake and continued to play. Next thing i know its a few hours later and i am hooked. I was enjoying this game and any of the concerns i had in the first few minutes were gone. I knew the game would be short however as an average gamer who is not trying to speed run i found the game lasted the entire cold snowy weekend and i played a lot of it.My advice is if you want a fun title then pick this up and give it more than 5 minutes as it gets a lot better and more enjoyable. Glad i picked it up... LONG LIVE KOVAK!?!"
,Recommended,250400,9647494,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Cypher Black,Nice game including daily crashes (if played daily).ENJOY !
,Recommended,250400,10187393,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Sinister yellowish rubber duck,"Gameplay is awesome, the story line is cool, but short. Too short."
,Recommended,250400,9129756,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Peltz,Nice little game. The length of the game fits quite well with the mechanics and story which allows the overall experience to be good. Definitely worth the money I spent on it.
76561198062370434,Recommended,250400,10155091,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Summer424,"i bought this game on sale and i love it, im defo going to play this a lot more."
,Recommended,250400,10164616,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Drjones013,"Sometimes you find a game with a certain charm that simply brings a smile to your face with all of its various absurdities. Other times the game is really just that bad. How To Survive is a love it or hate it kind of game that combines a Diablo 2-esque interface with zombies as the primary enemies and a survival aspect.I've personally enjoyed the 'idea' of a survival game but, unless it adds real pressure on the player, generally the concept comes off as annoying. The 'Kovac's Way' DLC hopefully will add that sense of urgency with a more 'realistic' environment-- water in particular was simply never a concern during the base game.Weapon crafting in the game is interesting, allowing for a decent amount of combinations. The game attempts to emphasize how important bows and crossbows are (it makes sense, make your own ammunition, right?) but once you get the upgraded boomerang you'll be very hard-pressed to ever run out of ammo for any reason. I'm hoping that the deficiencies of both the survival and crafting aspects will be corrected in Kovac's Way.The Steam sale as I write this drops the price of the game down to less than $4; it's well worth the price for a few hours of crafting, burning, hacking, and Diablo'ing."
,Recommended,250400,10166434,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Katar Vamir,"Wonderful game! I find it tough to find an online game, though."
76561198034659165,Recommended,250400,10173465,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,SupremeSteak1,"I found this game very entertaining. It had good mechanics and was not laggy. I played through the story mode and it was really fun except that there should have been several more options of how to play it (like different playing styles). The largest problem was that after I finished the story mode I have not played it again. I might come back to it later because it was an overall good game that I would recommend, especialy since it is only $15 (if you wait for a sale you can get it for less than $4)!"
,Recommended,250400,10050034,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Zenaxication,"Despite all the Thumbs-down reviews about how bad this game is...it really IS NOT THAT BAD of a game. Considering I got the game on sale, it's a good time burner if nothing else. It's not a hack-and-slash or heavy shooter-esque game. It's mellow pace and you get to craft and combine items. Yes, once you've completed the game and gotten the top-tier weapons it bascially stops there and you can bascially just sandbox the entire time. But with the new things the devs are adding, it adds another degree of thinking into the game. I can go on and on, but my final word is just give it a try. No harm done."
,Recommended,250400,10178506,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Bryborg,A worthwhile experience for ARPG fans looking for something different.
,Recommended,250400,10179000,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,<Pa-1N>,"Well..bought it for 4 dollar..despite all the negative comments, i think this game not that bad..there are a tons of item to be craft..which make this game more interesting..overall 7/10"
76561198045677214,Recommended,250400,13514310,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Exelium,It's awesome and you can play in co op with 2 xbox controller :D
,Recommended,250400,10251113,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Nurgle523,"This game is excellent. It has a new element to the zombie genre, they take second stage to fighting your body. Especially in the Kovacs Road mode where wells do not refill until it rains, you can run out of power for your flashlight, and resources are scarce. You need water, food, and find a save place to sleep. Find it fast!!! The sun is going down..By the way, I'm on the first/second island chain and I'm in ecstatic frustration.Crafting is super fun. I experiment every time I find something new. ""Hmm I can put this on the helmet. Now it has spikes!""""Whoa I didn't know I could wrap this stick with cloth instead of just lighting the stick.""Weapon creation is even crazier. Try to combine stuff, everything. Tip in Kovac mode, try to eat fruit for water as a first line, and just fill containers with water. Or drink water and fill half with water and half with gasoline if you can. You really have to think ahead in that mode."
76561198014704153,Recommended,250400,18246452,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,WolfauraRose,"In this game crafting is important, you don't find weapons anywhere and have to make weapons from objects you find, such as you make a bow with a flexible branch and reel.And as you progress you can make better weapons, armour and gold versions of weapons.As well as various other things like water flavoured with fruit and bubbles etc.So it makes it feel more like survival.I like how you can find books which have Kovacs rules which are rather amusing and give you sometimes useless or helpful tips on how to survive. Kovac is a rather interesting helpful character that is on the island to make the tutorial more interesting.And can find recipes around to help with crafting or you can try and figure it out yourself.You can play several characters each with different skill trees and exclusive weapons, so you can play different ways.Can save at the rest spots when you want once they are cleared. Which is handy.There doesn't seem to be very many quests and the islands you can explore are rather small and even though it's quite linear you can return to any islands you've previously been to as much as you want.Dislike that when people die all these gravestones with the persons name gets left everywhere like 50+ of them covering the islands even when it's someone not even on your friends list or someone you've never played the game with, I find it ugly and obtrusive and sometimes makes it hard to see things.I'd prefer if the game did not put them in or at least give the option to turn them off.The game causes a complete screen freeze lockup at least once a play sessions. Making it really annoying if you're trying a challange mode.When you open the map you can't interact with it in any way, and it does not list which island you are on with the map.And even when the pilot was no longer at his camp you could still hear a gulping sound like he was there drinking, it's the same with doctor miller, when she is no longer in the game you still hear her voice yelling out to watch out for zombies at the previous spots she was at.I find the game mostly fun and enjoyable, and rate it 6/10 better than average but not a game I'd class as good as it has annoying flaws. Still worth playing for a while. A game worth getting on special but not full price."
76561198044999986,Recommended,250400,12493713,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,neai,Great local coop. Had a lot of fun.
76561198043216135,Recommended,250400,12493217,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Necroaramis,"Good game, with humor and logic. I would say its a good game to play with or without friends. Graphics, quests and choices. a different game to play this season."
,Recommended,250400,13525173,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,President of the Trap,It's a great way to get into a fight with your friend in a co-op gameonly one of you gets the weapon :D
,Recommended,250400,10209569,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,banana,you can jump off rocks!!!
,Recommended,250400,12489892,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Jargon,"I got this game with a friend (while it was on sale) after watching a couple of the gameplay videos and it looked pretty fun despite a pretty horrific metacritic score. Turns out, it is actually a really fun game. I can't vouch for playing it singleplayer but the 2 co-op aspect is really good. It does have a slight issue with the shared camera (players can only deviate from each other so far before it blocks) and it does ooze bad console port, but these issues didn't really get in the way of some really fun gaming sessions. Plus, the combat system and ranged weapon mechanics are very good. Thoroughly recommended :)"
,Recommended,250400,29235577,Posted: 13 January,all,bullpup ツ,This was a really fun survival game. Loved the weapon crafting! Zombie killing is always fun.
,Recommended,250400,29147372,Posted: 9 January,all,Moonbear,"Rather decent indie 3rd person survival/zombie slasher. Has some interesting gameplay elements like tiredness (and the need for sleep). Good in coop, but you have to do it with some friend, cause multiplayer is dead."
76561198129995068,Recommended,250400,12468758,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Tzatziki,good game! worth buying
,Recommended,250400,17706227,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sultan_H,Love this game 8/10-Great co-op-Online with randoms-Crafting 10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when you see the huge boss running your wayMust try it.
,Recommended,250400,13528456,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,nferno_6,"I reccommend this game...very cool and not a lot of money...really was worth it so far /,,/."
,Recommended,250400,13536607,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,morjax,"A surprisingly satisfying blend of combat and crafting. The game does a good job of giving you crafting recipies fairly regularly, yet you are able to discover quite a few recipes  on your own. The pacing and difficulty curve seemed very good (I played on normal mode). Interesting story with semi entertaining characters and a few pretty good and well executed (if somewhat expected) plot twists.7/10 if you're not huge on crafting stuff8.5/10 if you are a craft fiend (like me)If you'd like to see how this game plays, here's my videos on steam:http://steamcommunity.com/id/morjax/videos/?appid=250400of my playlist on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMZD1JcBH-MLV06y8k4Nql2oyHkDc3uUQ"
,Recommended,250400,13562357,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jeager_Meister_Boi,its a good zombie game
76561198007365730,Recommended,250400,29259585,Posted: 14 January,all,Rattler,Neat 3rd person zombie shooter.  Not a builder survival game.  The game is a little short although I didn't get any DLC for it.  Fun crafting the different weapons.  The game is semi-linear in that you go where the quests take you but you can wander the islands.  Also the weapon unlocks are linear in that you get these upgrades mostly when the game allows it.  Overall a fun one night kind of game.
,Recommended,250400,12365787,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ᛟ𝕿𝖚𝖊𝖇𝖔𝖗ᛟ,"Awesome overhead zombie shooter totaly recomend it to everyone. Great crafting system, isnt totaly serious like most games and has a lot offunny parts."
,Recommended,250400,12481112,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ginevra-,Nice survival game!
,Recommended,250400,22847672,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,KennaPlays,Love it!
,Recommended,250400,22895092,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kaorreka,nice with friends
,Recommended,250400,23633542,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Le Fanu,Great game for local co-op. You have to take care of your resources and often it truly feels like the survival. Had a great fun with it. Recomended. 7/10
76561198050594636,Not Recommended,250400,24568506,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,"Ronaldinho, o Dibrador","Ridiculous game, crappy mechanics and foolish combat system"
,Recommended,250400,29245641,Posted: 14 January,all,Ramūn McGregor,"Nice Zombie Survival Game. It's worth to buy it.You can play Local Multi-Player,Challenges,M-P challenges.Crafting items, searching for items, killing zombies, Animals, You need to find food and drinks.I really like it and recommend it for everyone who likes zombie survival.!!!!9.5/10"
,Recommended,250400,24373056,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,JoinedSenses,"Pretty fun game, once you get past all of the annoying/cheesy ""Kovac's Rules"" tutorials.Explore, kill, loot, craft, eat, drink, sleep, repeat."
,Recommended,250400,12467692,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Jimmy Jazz,"A really nice game, especially if you play it coop; unfortunately it has very little replay value, but i'm more than satisfied with the purchase and i recommend it to any lover of survival games!2015 edit: now that there is an endless survival DLC, I may find myself changing my mind about the replay value... I certainly hope so!"
,Not Recommended,250400,17077928,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,dberlin80,"Ok, I'm done with it .....To be honest- I hate writing negative Reviews; especially on games that seem to be rather popular like this one, also, I got it on summer sale for a mere 90cent.First, what's this game about?It's an isometric zombie hack and slasher game(literally, don't even think about being stealthy- that will not lead to success -.-) placed on different islands. Of course with some ""crafting"" just like all new games, although it's not really crafting. It's basically collecting items and clicking on them until stuff is created. (I won't go into detail about graphics as I really don't give a /&%/% about that- either you like it or not, right? Think graphics are ok)So what did freak me out on this game?Actually I really like the way this game is built up:It has a good sense of humour, different types of zombies and also of course some survival aspects such as the need to sleep, eat and drink. Anyway, as far as I remember, I chose medium difficulty and when I first ran out of food or water... I was freaked out to find some damn food! But when I finally reached point 0 on either of them... NOTHING happened. Is it good or bad? Well, actually it's good because finding enough food is next to IMPOSSIBLE! Until you get, sorry, ""craft"" your fishing rod. But of course just as in any realistic game, you can only get your fish to bite in either dusk or dawn. That leads us to the next problem: DAY AND NIGHT! It seems to me that days are like 5 minutes and nights last forever! Even more, while it's night, you not only get zombies(and there are already millions of it on each island) but you get to fight some UBER zombies which you have to scare off with a flashlight!).You can only save your game and sleep/recover in hiding spots which can be locked BUUUUT upon opening each hiding spot (which are maybe 2x2m big btw) an alarm goes on an endless stream of zombies appear from nowhere- some even explode :) Since there are also zombie deers... Whats next? Zombie trees that shoot nuclear raspberries? Also if you get into a thunderstorm (which is beautifully implemented) make sure, your health bar is up because once again, it's neverending AND!!! you get hit by lightnings every few minutes and you can't hide anywhere. Yes, in this game you are a moving lightning rod.Another pain in the A$$ is that islands are locked within(like in gta) and you have to solve some quests requested by some dump chimp by eg. finding yellow fruit or♥♥♥♥♥♥ to unlock it.Anyway, what made me giving up playing this game was this stupid... early 90s console type gameplay technology... I mean come on... let's say you escape from 83974987928479 zombies, jump into your boat/plane to a safe area with just one life point left, recover, explore other islands and return to that same place again... what do you expect?YES OF COURSE ALL THE SAME ZOMBIES WAITING FOR YOU AT THE SAME EFFIN SPOT!If you're as good as me, then you end up ""escaping"" on each island leaving you in a deadlock forcing you to write a negative review. :3 <3:3 <3:3 <3 Upon returning, you're basically dead as you're immediately hit by thousands of zombies.Anyway, to come to an end; it gave me like 5h of fun and about 2h frustration. If there was another option to rate this game apart postive/negative I'd say it just failed to be good enough to be positively rated. My frustration isn't that high because I just paid, as said, 90cent on summer sale."
76561197960686181,Recommended,250400,10165691,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Adam,"Lots of zombie action, cool point systems, lots of building weapons and armor from scratch, Sweet game."
76561198127025643,Recommended,250400,12571051,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,scav238,"Overall, a pretty good game for the money.  My only complaint so far is getting struck by lightning every 30 seconds during a storm."
76561198079226874,Recommended,250400,12559754,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Gambino,This game is The coolest♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever seen in the indie department 11/10
,Recommended,250400,9029060,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Dimmerworld,I can not say how good  this game is.... could use some more guns and building aspect
,Recommended,250400,12471146,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,SlaughtrHousJak,"lovin it! simple. easy to pick up, easy to put down. twin stick shooter + dungeon crawler grind fest. got it on sale today, worth it so far."
,Recommended,250400,12114535,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,MasterBaite,Extremely fun.Nice graphics.Nice balance between easy and hard parts.Gotta laugh a lot with Kovacks lines.Higly recommended
,Recommended,250400,13169977,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,www.youtube.com/jindhk,I have decided to write a review after completing the game.Why should you buy this game:i) This game worth every pennyii) The story is very goodiii) The community of this game is goodiv) Multiplayer is fun to playv) You will have amazing 16hour + gameplay timevi) You will try this game with other characters that will add more gameplay timevii) Crafting is awesome.viii) bombing zoombies makes you feed real good.ix) Now stop wasting time and buy it
,Recommended,250400,12563454,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,KAWAII BANANA ^-^,"""damn a zombie"" why would you say this when you can kill it in many different ways. with a bow,gun,axe,sword,stick,chainsaw,    ""or we can let it live ""        SAID NOONE EVER!"
76561198025998682,Recommended,250400,12488684,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,The Tactical Boogieman,"At first it seemed boring but it grew on me. Gameplay can get a bit repetitive but the mechanics,crafting and the overall atmosphere makes up for it. Buy this game if you are into survival-genre games."
76561198144900692,Not Recommended,250400,28949737,Posted: 2 January,all,a1s,"The game's got a lot of potential but its very bad made,the tutorial is for xbox controler,I like the idea but not worth even 2 dollars,and also the multiplayer is dead.I won't recomend this game."
,Recommended,250400,34377292,Posted: 20 August,all,"Whore, Sam Said I Am.",It's a pretty good game if you get past the horrible start it gives you.
,Recommended,250400,12217059,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lotus,With the very few hours played I have so far (5.7h) I have enjoyed it fully playing with my boyfriend and would reccommend it to any friends that enjoy any zombie shooter or hack'n'slash.
,Recommended,250400,12539431,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,I͋ͫ͂ͮ̏̅̑͝҉̶͏͖̠̺͚,this game is actually is fun to play....good story and there variety of weapon to craft + also its not to hard to search for weapon parts..well i enjoyed play this game
,Recommended,250400,26345100,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,therealmogwai,diablo with zombies. 7.3 / 10
,Not Recommended,250400,13673579,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"really linear gameplay, even in the free modes... its fun and all but not worth full price."
,Recommended,250400,13712501,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,aLt,"How to Survive is one of the best survival games I have ever played. It nails the crafting / surviving gameplay with magesty, providing a satisfactory, yet challenging experience. The last game that got me hooked like this was State of Decay, which also has an amazing survival feeling to it. This game knows how to reward the player when it has to, a feature most game designers don't give the needed attention. The co-op is personally my favorite aspect of the game, you can share items with your partner, give them drinks, food, weapons or health if they need it, and there's an amazing feeling of comradery attached to it, and even though there are other games that do the same, this gets it just right. If you're into zombies and survival games, you should definitely try it."
76561197969749884,Recommended,250400,34884821,Posted: 11 September,all,Sarkoth,"How to Survive is a particularly witty survival game with a great crafting system, good enemy variety, good animations, great pacing and only mildly dated graphics.While not being an AAA title, the survival part is very well done, and while the quests and NPCs won't win any prizes for writing or depth, they are sufficient enough to get the player through the story, which in turn, is nothing more than a really extensive tutorial for the challenge mode.What makes How to Survive really shine is the co-op mode. It's simply brilliant to stand firm against hordes of the undead together with one friend.Great little title with more than fair pricing for content that lasts for at least 30 hours."
,Not Recommended,250400,22007882,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,kirreskald,"I thought this would be a fun and not-so-serious coop game about surviving and killing zombies. It is about survival and slaughtering zombies. It's also not-so-serious but it definitely wasn't fun. The controls are clunky, it isn't optimized for two players and little things that just should work - don't. I picked this up for under $2 and well... I can't imagine ever running the game again."
,Not Recommended,250400,23259627,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,tlvlp,"At first it seemed to be fun and there are a few good ideas even if most of the quests are pretty boring and 2 dimensional. But it has been out for years now and it is still so buggy that it ended up beeing more annoying than fun (and I socialized on forver alpha early access games, like DayZ so I have a relatively high tolerance for these things)."
76561198068539040,Recommended,250400,9768366,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,bgeoedr,"Its fun, short, and fun! In that order."
,Recommended,250400,9011532,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,SCE_CoconutCat,didnt have to melee much as soon u make ur first gun and could always find ammo
76561198019101934,Recommended,250400,12407737,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Wagyu SexDeath,"I enjoyed this. It's an isometric survival shooter with a crafting system.Only complaint is that it's a bit short, maybe 20 or so hours depending on how you play. There's multiplayer support and challenges to extend playability."
76561198093737741,Recommended,250400,12520093,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,xXbeastmodeonXx,its a good game but i think there are to may zombies at night and its hard to get into a selter when all these mother ♥♥♥♥ing zombies are around you but still a good game
,Not Recommended,250400,24799231,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Meep,"Not overly polished, gameplay is drab. I don't particularily reccomend it."
76561197960845150,Recommended,250400,11962690,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Green,"Stumbled over this game. Gave it a chance and absolutly hooked, (4am wth work in the morning ) first play through in 10 hours. Eager to see what else t has to offer..."
,Not Recommended,250400,11753496,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Pseudo,"I enjoyed this up until I reached Santa Barbara Island, at which point the game began crashing constantly rendering it unplayable. It was a big shame since I'd had fun up to that point."
,Recommended,250400,13125042,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,nat,nice i love to hit zombie with stick
,Not Recommended,250400,13954056,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,D0ttty,This game is terrible.
76561197976178495,Not Recommended,250400,19306208,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jigglypuff,The controls make this game a pass for me.Xbox 360 native.Xbox One do not work.Keyboard and Mouse is clunky.
,Recommended,250400,12201703,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,DeKKeR,"Info___I have finished the main story twice - both in a 2 player co-op. First time, just after the game launched and it wasn't as much fun as it was a struggle with predefined controls (we played with Strike FX Gamepads). At the first playthrough my partner could not turn in place which made aiming impossible so she was stuck with a chainsaw and had to position herself properly. I'm skipping those issues in this review as there where major fixes which convinced us to finish the game again.Pros___The sounds and music make a great, horrifying experience yet the whole concept of Kovac and his guides of ""How to survive"" - a guy who seems to enjoy the battle for survival on a zombie filled islands helps you treat all those dangers lightly and find pleasure in hacking through hordes of undeads.The graphics are simple and that made us overlook some items like healing leafs since those bushes may blend with every other bush but it's a small annoyance.Story is interesting and although some quests may seem irritating (f*cking Sanchez and his packages) and repetitive (mostly fetching for items) the campaign is not long enough to make you bleed for this reason.Cons___The reasons you might find yourself flipping tables are mostly related to controls. The characters animations are kinda stiff and slow which made us fall from cliffs few times, making one of us wait for other to come back around or respawn if we fell into piranhas - from where you can't revive your buddy. I strongly recommend playing with controllers and please remember that making turns while running is futile so when you press that sprint button on a narrow high ground you are almost guaranteed to experience this problem.Another annoyance is uneven difficulty but that is mostly related to how fast you can react to given situation - some weapons are better for single, strong or fast enemy and others are perfect for dealing with hordes. And again because of the controls you might find yourself switching from ranged to melee weapons instead of switching from rifle to shotgun.Summary___This is a perfect game for co-op party, best if done with good partners or locally as cooperation includes handling items to a friend if your backpack is stuffed with ammo etc. You will find very helpful defining player roles such as melee/ranged/medic/crafter in terms of what you collect and how you handle fights.A fantastic game for rampaging those damn zombies that should give you around 10-12 hours of fun in main story and few more hours with challenges."
76561198090194644,Recommended,250400,10960848,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Felica the Goat,"Great game, lots of fun, definetly for fans of dead island"
,Recommended,250400,8377026,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pnguyen540,"This is a hard game to survive. Challenges are super fun with friend. Everything else seems to be fine to me. Really looking forward to playing the online coop mode, which is promised to be released in January 2014."
,Recommended,250400,11937747,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SpitBag,"Guns need work. I liked the small inventory, made me smile when my hording friends had to drop stuff. Bow, Boomerang, and Melee was awesome. Solid ten hours of fun, at least."
,Recommended,250400,17281591,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,𝖓𝖊𝖎𝖌𝖍𝖇𝖔𝖚𝖗,"This is prety good ,-,"
,Recommended,250400,11970259,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,WhyHelloThere,A truly fantastic game. Its crafting and rare loot hunting really make this game fun to put hours into. There are some things that are odd about this game but its absolutely worth the price that its at. This game is dark and scary yet funny and enjoyable. deffinitly would buy.
,Not Recommended,250400,17147604,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,smootskin,"One hell of a boring game.I could of wasted my money on something else :(Before I purchased the game I thought the gameplay going to be fun, apparetnly the movement and the whole expeiance feels so casual, makes me wanne smack my head for buying it.Trying to push myself to play, maybe i'll find something interesting... but it looks like I'm gonna get bored for the rest of the game... can't even find anyone who play the multiplayer.Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,250400,8373564,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Colotol,"This game is ok, is very repetieve with the only thing keeping you going is the crafting system, its a decent game to waste time but i wouldnt reccomend going out of your way to get this, theres better games on the market simler to this one"
,Not Recommended,250400,10288973,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Katie's Hannah,"Not Recommended:There's some fun to be had in How to Survive and the titular guide has a lot of character in its appearances in the game, but if you were looking for the zombie survival type of game that the title promises, then you are going to be disappointed, and the game has a lot of jankiness that comes with a poor console port and some equally-poor design decisions.  There's just not enough to this game and too much frustration at points to recommend.Read the full reviewhere"
,Recommended,250400,12808508,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,A Little Pink Rabbit,"That's a super game, i really like it and you can craft many weapons. The ""hardmode"" is a little bit hard (4 zombie's hit and ... you'r dead :)"
,Not Recommended,250400,11800127,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Dul,my expectation is too high for this game :/worth it when the price is$2.25!
,Not Recommended,250400,8420054,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nux,"This is a game that had a ton of potential but sadly it falls flat.The campaign can be completed in a few hours, theres little reason to replay unless using a different character.  There is a split screen muliplayer campaign but sadly no online version, instead there are a series of muliplayer online challenges which can be fun at first but get really boring after a short time.  I find the game to be a little to easy even on hardcore, it doesn't really feel like im actually trying to survive.  The redeeming feature was the crafting system, it's actually quite fun pieceing together scraps of garbage into new weapons that you can then use to bludgeon or shoot monsters with, but it's pretty basic and gets old fast.To put it simply this game is short and it's boring.  I paid full price and regret it. If you really want to try this game i wouldn't reccommend paying more than $2."
76561198081786099,Recommended,250400,16407914,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,StreenG,How to play how to survive.Step 1: Wait for summmer sale.Step 2: HOW TO SURVIVE FOR 75 CENTS????Step 3: BUYStep 4: ??????Step 5: PROFIT!
,Recommended,250400,13495686,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mr.Cypher!,This game is pretty kool !! I like the Diablo Style Play and the crafting system! I picked this up on Sale for the xmas sale the Storm Warning Edition for only $1.99 !! Well worth the price if you love a Diablo style zombie killing game with all the DLCs :) I say give this one a go !!! Bigtime if you can get it cheap !!! And dont forget your Guide !! :PI started to play this a bit more and man this game can get uber hard at times :) It was at night and low sleep so needed to rest and man it can get crazy trying to clean a sleep/save zone out lol I also love how you can hunt the deer/boar and track the blood if you dont kill it in one shot!
,Not Recommended,250400,13480717,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,PvtHudson,"How To Survive is a very boring tedious game. It tries to cash in on the popular elements of games right now (survival, crafting, RPG elements) but does them in the most primitive way possible. The game ends up being an isometric action RPG where all your skills are nothing but passive upgrades, all your quests are fetch quests, and all you end up doing is backtracking constantly with zombies and hordes spawning offscreen just a few meters away from an area you cleared 15 seconds ago.Full review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb4-kADmpuc"
,Recommended,250400,13511253,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,arnzzz,"OK, I had in the back of my mind that I had seen a bad review about this game ages ago, so never thought about buying it.But seeing it on sale today I thought, sod it, just try it :) And im glad i did. Its pretty bloody good, if your into this sort of thing. Its a different take on all the low quality first person zombie games that we got flooded with this year, and that in itself is refreshing :)I havent played many hours though, so I cant comment in detail on the games mechanics, but Id say its easily worth the £1.50 I paid :). Thats a bit harsh actually, now i know what it is i would have easily paid £5 for it :)"
,Recommended,250400,13513780,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,joescore,"not expect from the next ""game about survival"" something completely new, but still the gameplay is pretty interesting, especially in coop with a friend. also big plus is the presence of the storyline, humor, good execution.highly recommend"
,Recommended,250400,10212277,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Nightwing,The best zombie and rpg game i have ever played!
,Recommended,250400,10443479,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Fabled Hero,"Really good. Better with Co-op, i love it."
76561198041874029,Recommended,250400,10455481,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,HzO_Sabre,Not a bad game at all
,Recommended,250400,10472020,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,spockrocket,"I had had my eye on this game for a while but was holding out, since I wasn't sure whether it would be worth the money. When it came up on special for $3.99, I jumped at the opportunity to give it a go. It was definitely worth it and, if I had had the chance to try out the gameplay prior, I probably would have paid full price.Now, that said, the game's storyline isn't particularly long nor complex and, though you can re-play as three different characters, the story and NPC reactions are exactly the same (the character stats are different and do affect the gameplay for each, though not a whole lot). However, there is the option to play online with others, so there's that.BUT, what this game is is just plain fun. The crafting system offers a diverse range of weapon possibilities, there are a variety of zombie types, there are sleep/thrist/hunger meters and you have to keep an eye on them or your abilities/stats will take a hit, the gameplay ramps up in difficulty nicely as the game progresses, and... It's just a lot of fun!Gameplay is very similar to Diablo, as others have mentioned and I think it's a good purchase."
,Recommended,250400,10468191,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,PeMuTe,"Very good game , crafting , level up ...You can play challenge or story mode.You can play CO-OP very good game recommended"
,Recommended,250400,10472626,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Tee. | ᴀᴛᴀʀᴀ✗ɪᴀ,Good way to kill time. And splatter stuff.
,Recommended,250400,10475417,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Sir Enith,This game is really cool. I enjoy the controls and the way you can combine items to make better ones. it's pretty awesome. Co-Op is also pretty awesome.
,Recommended,250400,10001873,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Kenjara,"A fun zombie survival game with some good RPG survivial elements. Has the kind of mechanics that Dead Island would of benefited from like having to drink, eat and sleep. These are not particually taxing to keep track of but do add to the survival aspect."
,Recommended,250400,10020881,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,g-4-gnome,"its a fun game but ts short and repetivive. it does however have  potential, if it just had more deph to all aspects in all areas of the game. its worth getinging for around £3.00 but dont pay full wack.."
76561198010399698,Recommended,250400,9984233,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,The Bearded One,"This game is very under rated. I have been playing since it first was introduced on steam. The first thing that may concern you is the price. It is worth is though the replay value is awesome expecially when you use a different character.  The co op options for story mode and challages make the game even better. Each character has there own special abilities, use these with your partner and you will surivive.~ Kovacs RulesChapter 1Buy the game, beat up zobies, and try to survive."
,Recommended,250400,9988479,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,☠☠☠,"Fun game for a bit. top down, move with asdw, aim with mouse. crafting is ok, just click stuff, hit combine and combine with whatever is lit up. community is dead though. if its cheap and your bored, here you go."
76561198105330369,Recommended,250400,11241444,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,bellygod,"My stats say one hour played, but really it's about 6 hours on two different computers.  I wouldn't review a game after one hour.This is a pretty good zombie game with a bird's eye view, like good ol' games likeFallout 1 and 2.  There is a lot of crafting and lotsa opportunites to combine things to make interesting things.It's got decent graphics and some interesting quests.   It is just a bit open world, meaning you go to fairly large areas to complete quests, but have some ability to wander around exploring.Overall, it's underrated in my opinion.If it's on sale and you like this kind of thing you should definitely buy it."
,Recommended,250400,11241571,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,=7Cav=RET.Bronson.D,"This game is fantastic. I've been playing it for two days, just hit the Third Island and am having a great time. The Plot is good, the basic training Island in the beginning is a great approach at Tutorials, along with you friend 'Kovac' who helps you every step along the way giving you new skills and training. The game is fun, it operates in an overhead, 45 Degree-Helicopter View, with an RPG style Skill tree, and leveling system. You gain new items, Craft better weapons, and utilize Plants from teh land. And the best part, is that that it isn't a failed attempt at a Zombie game where they just throw tons of Zombies at you... In this case, you can actually walk at least 20-40 feet without running into any Zed, and you can even sneak around them if you choose to. It's a great survival game, and I recommend that you try it. Cheers!"
76561197998412028,Recommended,250400,11285164,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Krya Littlemore,"Great little third person (top downish, can't change camera angles) zombie game. Witty premise, clever writing, and decent gameplay mechanics make this a winner in my book.  Catch it on sale and you can't go wrong."
76561197991284407,Recommended,250400,11290972,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Stillman,This game is ok if you have some spare time to kill and can only for only a couple hours or less at a time.
,Recommended,250400,10335958,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ice cream overlord,"It is like a combo of Dead Island, Rust and Day Z all mixed together! Great game with many things to unlock and craft! Also I got it when it was on sale for £3 so win win!"
76561197966811196,Recommended,250400,10341897,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Mersch,This game is pretty cool. Easy to play and good upgrades. If you like zombie stuff this is a good one to pick up!
76561197994302181,Recommended,250400,7484052,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Getorix,"Totally worth a look.... wasnt sure initially, however after a few hours I was hooked and needed to see it thru to the end. Online Coop is being added in a month or so's time :)"
,Recommended,250400,10969072,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,✪ Spero ✪,it has a great amount of crafting recepies and has a good shooting engien
,Recommended,250400,7643182,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,AlexWolf359,Gameplay is rather simplistic and it does have some flaws (like the poor autosave feature and inventory management which is really annoying). Presentation and graphics are pretty solid. If you're looking for something to keep you entertained for the weekend it's definitely worth it.
76561198036608725,Recommended,250400,10986719,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,{TKB} JenJim,"£2.99 is not a lot of money, and there are plenty of rubbish ways to spend that. This is NOT one of them. The game is great fun - as long as you like being swarmed over by a bunch of crazy zombies. Find stuff - combine stuff - make bigger and better weapons. It is not a massive game, but it is a very good way to spend a few quid."
,Recommended,250400,10965086,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Uileat,"I've had my eye on this one and decided to give it a go when it came up on Steam Summer Sale.  Wasn't really sure what to expect going in but I have been very pleasantly surprised by the quality of this title.Upon first entering the game I found that the default keyboard / mouse controls were a little weird feeling to me.  I switched to the Xbox 360 controller, which I much prefer.  Be aware that the controller needs to be on before you start the game.Viewpoint is overhead isometric, and gameplay is hack / slash / shoot.  Initially reminded me vaguely of a slow moving ""Zombie / Alien Shooter"" title in feel.  The game features a dynamic day / night system, and tracks hunger, thirst, tiredness, etc.  You must eat, drink, sleep, hunt and forage, and above all kill kill kill zombies.I found NPC interaction to be cleverly written, well voiced, and entertaining.  The game has a surprising amount of humor in both the dialogues and the situations you'll encounter, but most especially in the manual ""How To Survive"" for which the game is named.  The manual is written by loony survival expert named Kovac, and each chapter is hilariously written, narrated, and animated.  The manual also serves as a tutorial component as well, and presents each new concept step by step without feeling burdensome.  Kovac's manuals are definitely a highlight, and so good you'll watch them again just for fun.You'll be fighting your way around several islands that you end up stranded on, and each island is built to present an environmental puzzle to work your way through.  Certain areas and paths are closed off,  you will look forward to gaining new capabilities that will let you open new areas on the islands as you progress.The final gem of this great little game is the depth of the crafting system.  The islands are littered with loot (from zombies), plants, animals (to hunt), and various debris and natural resources.  Nearly every item I've found combines with something else in some fashion, and you will find crafting recipes through exploration as well.  This allows you to develop your arsenal as you go, tailored to your liking through the different craftable melee and ranged weaponry, ammunition, and armor.I definitely recommend this game.  Don't forget to chat with the local monkeys."
,Recommended,250400,10980649,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,HorizoN,Good game. Wasn't expecting much when i bought it for $2.24 on sale but it exceeded my expectations. Fun overall.
76561198039474183,Recommended,250400,11143396,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,g.w.bone,"This game was a lot of fun but I feel it was lacking in a variety of areas, for starters the games customization was severely lacking, though the idea of making weapons from scrap found all over the islands was a great concept, the actual amount was very little.Also the sound was poor a few groans and roars and some weird mosquito sound-like thing at night were about all.With a name like 'How to survive' you would expect things like ammo for your custom made weapons to be scarce but unfortunately (and probably the most disappointing thing) it is not, almost every zombie (not including boomers and the giant dudes and of course animals) would drop some ammo and the 'Survival' aspect becomes pretty void.Gasoline is also in high availability so flamming arrows, moltovs explosives and your custom made chainsaw will never really be useless again affecting the 'survival' aspect of the game.Yipee!! It has fishing which is great though the catcth rate is low even when it is supposed to be higher at night fall and sunrise and aside from being able to make fish 'n' chips you will NEVER need to fish except for one monkey mission, as animals deer and ostrich give you fesh meat and considering ostriches are everywhere after the second island you have surplus 90% of the time.Another disappointing thing or rather irritating thing is the sheer amount of helmets and bulletproof vests in which you will only need ONE of each EVER, just irritates plain and simple and though armored zombies ARE irritating they really don't add any real difficulty to the game even on ironman mode, I think the zombie animals are so much more problematic.Though even with it's problems I would recommend the game simply just for, a simple, fun 'pass the time casual' game. I do NOT recommend this game to survival horror fans."
,Recommended,250400,11144889,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Marilata,I got this game on a Steam Sale for a couple dollars so I wasn't expecting much.  I was pleasantly surprised by how entertaining this game was from beginning to end.Things I liked:-  Great humor (not over the top but funny)-  Interesting scavenge and craft system.  It wasn't overly complex but required some discovery and encouraged picking up everything just to see what you could do with it.-  Challenging encounters.  Not everything was go in and steam roll with a single weapon.  You had to swap out weapons (a combination of melee and ranged) and use the best mods (i.e. explosive arrows) to get the job done.-  More than one way to skin a cat.  There didn't seem to be a single way to play this game.  It was basically all about how you wished to accomplish a goal.-  Semi mindless hack and slash.  I could put the game down and pick it back up with ease.  There wasn't a whole lot of stuff that I had to remember from my last encounter.  It was pretty much start it up and play.
,Recommended,250400,11160802,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Sleeping Man,"Fantastic zombie-killing game! Loaded with different ways to create weapons and slaughter the undead, with a cool scavengeresque style gameplay. Great graphics and sound effects. Not your run-of-the-mill zombie game, much, much cooler."
,Recommended,250400,11178862,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,MikeUFC,"While there's a glut of zombie themed survival games, there was something about the trailers and gameplay about ""How to Survive"" that really appealed to me. I'm glad to say after finishing it that it was a journey well worth taken. You play your choice of character (all of which have different advantages) washed up on an island that is inhabited full of zombie and other weird creatures. I won't go further in depth into the story because it's nothing you haven't really seen before (other than a few twists and turns here and there). Pretty much you'll be killing lots of zombies while looking for food, medicine & supplies as you running missions that'll help you leave the island. I really enjoyed the fact you could make your own weapons, armor etc. with stuff you find on the island.  Nothing was so rare that you couldn't make anything (other than character specific items) but there were times you'd have to earn it to find it. The sound design was nice, the voice acting was decent and the lighting effects were very good. The bad being the combat and running are a fairly clunky and I didn't care for the best weapon being a (SPOILER ALERT) three pointed boomerang. I also didn't care for mutated crabs, zombified animals or the invincible piranha either. Those last two got me worse than the zombies did most of the time. With all that said I definitely recommend ""How to Survive"". I paid around $2.25 during the winter sale and that was an absolute steal. Most of the time I've seen it for $3.74 and that's also a great price. For your money you get a fairly lengthy SP campaign and I'm sure the co-op is even better.  8/10 from me."
76561197998740055,Recommended,250400,11204715,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Spacemania,"It may be just another zombie apocolypse game but its very engaging. The crafting system is not too hard and trying to survive is quite a rewarding challenge. I dare anyone to play this game and survive your first day without being killed at least once. Pay attention to Kovacs rules, because it has sound advice."
,Recommended,250400,8443359,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,LivingDead1989,"An interesting take on a zombie survival game, the single player captures something that is lost in other games, the sense that you will need to survive and not just mass kill zombies all day long.Food, Water, Fuel these are some things that you will require.The game allows for customisation in weapons because you craft you weapons from the components that you find around the land, there is a co op play but this is limited and forced with a shared screen.I would only buy this for the single player content."
,Recommended,250400,13950304,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Dr. North,This game is:10% Luck20% Skill15% Concentrated power of the will5% Pleasure50% PainAND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.432/10
,Recommended,250400,16772097,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mac Jr,"I loved this game, the graphics and gameplay are good. The thing i don't like is its not over 2 player."
,Not Recommended,250400,10669338,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gizmo,I bought this game for Co-Op and it was a total disappointment.
,Recommended,250400,15765148,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,coolm5224,Awesome!
76561198002442856,Recommended,250400,16519249,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,grozoth991,"Great game! Not only is it zombie smashing fun with survival that you can play as SP and/or online, the best thing is to invite a mate over and you can play it co-op. Some quests leave you wondering WTF you should actually do, but once you figure it out the feeling is great. Crafting is wonderful, simple and effective. Every minor change of a weapon (ranged or melee) is rewarding. But do not think you will kill zombies easy, every island has it's own characteristic that makes zombie killing harder and harder as you progress. Have I mentioned the best survival guide master Kovac??"
,Recommended,250400,16848485,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,The Lichfuckin' King,İts a good game to buy in sale ı buyed for 1$ and its very good.Crafting is awasome  and its fun to play with friends
,Recommended,250400,15400377,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Good game but it gets repetitive after a while.7/10
,Recommended,250400,16902573,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,❥ Inna Mihaylov,"-Start Game-My friend is on top of me-Get Up-Look around-See grave-Get Closer-Read: ""Snoop Dogg""420/10 Would play again"
76561198016038852,Recommended,250400,8307481,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nixu,good game
76561198079602090,Recommended,250400,13732430,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Chronic Crystal,"Really fun, if simple; great value."
,Recommended,250400,16580936,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TimBO,"I HEAR ♥♥♥♥ING AJ , AJ , AJ , AJ SOUND!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,250400,16720775,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Warkidooo,"Awesome game, but it still has some annoying flaws in the gameplay.Things that grinded my gears while playing:1- Non-fading objects blocking the view. Luckily, the zombies are quite loud.2- Coudn't aim the bow to blow up some barriers with a explosive arrow, it was quite annoying having to emptying the inventory just to make a bomb.Would be better if the game had two things:Multiple crafting, like pressing a button and craft, like, 5x at once;Camera angle changing, since you have a much better view of what's on top of the screen than on the bottom.There's much to be done, but it's highly enjoyable."
,Recommended,250400,16033261,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,illyz,I enjoyed this game in co-op
,Recommended,250400,16510919,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Torasu,"The strong point of this game is it's crafting system. Don't expect any kind of story, it's your usual run-of-the-mill zombie-survivor game. Music fits the atmosphere, but it's nothing special, and as for the graphics they're below average (being kinda lenient here).That being said, I did have a great time playing this game, since zombie games are my thing. If you're not a zombie game enthusiast, though, you probably should stay away.P.S. Kovac('s) Rules!"
,Recommended,250400,14405328,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Craig,"I bought this game during a sale at an incredibly cheap price, it looked interesting enough from the screenshots and video, but I didnt really expect much.The first time I played it I got what I thought I would given the low price, but I stuck with it for a little bit and about 45 mins into playing it I really started enjoying it.The gameplay is not unique, its nothing new, what you get here is what you see, no real fancy mechanics and the gameplay is not amazing but it does work and work well.To be honest nothing shines through as being amazing, the graphics are just ok, sound is ok, gameplay is ok, but I just had fun, one of those games that seems to just want to deliver a game to play and not to admire the story or visuals. Which I need from time to time.Whilst I couldnt recommend this game as such, I can say I enjoyed it, and for the money I paid it was worth it and then some."
76561198031478134,Recommended,250400,9083897,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Negro Pete,Great zombie game. The ending was a surprise!
,Recommended,250400,13470487,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TheThicc_Boi,Im not one whos extremely fond of game's with this type of view point hell i can barely play diablo 3 and path of exile with out having to take a 30 minute break. But something about this game makes me not want to leave my pc. controls are a little wierd at first but you'll quickly adjust. its just a great game in general i would recommend to anyone who loves these style of games.
76561198122955148,Recommended,250400,13488221,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SwoleNation,The Game is good but I can see that it does get repetative and is worth the $4 dollars paid for the game not $20
76561197961181796,Recommended,250400,13496809,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nite-fx,"£1.19 in sale - Be absolutley daft not to bite Steam's hand off and get this game.Diablo style zombie survival.Playing through the story at the moment, not tried co-op with friends.Not to be missed!!Oh and always listen to Kovac. :)"
,Recommended,250400,13524002,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,gabriele83,"This might be one of the most underestimated games of the year.It is actually pure fun, lots of humor and sarcasm, and surely different from the usual survival games or zombie games.Now it's on sale and I see no reason to not try it out for such a low price, it is worth every single cent, actually way more!"
,Recommended,250400,13525148,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,JunLiang,"This is my first review btw.. :pI just wanna say that How to Survive is a great game that combines Diablo and Zombie..I love the finishing move that I can do to zombies.. :DIt also has some survival needs like water, food and sleep..The combination of tools that we can make is also awesome..The only cons from this game is the low quality of quests.. but overall this is a nice game that I bought.8.5/10"
,Recommended,250400,13527972,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,rane,gut giem yez =)
,Recommended,250400,13558965,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,🔰AL👿,"Great graphics, cool gameplay. Top-down zombie survival with skills and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bought on sale, so should you. On sale."
,Recommended,250400,13561876,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gehenna,It's alright.
,Recommended,250400,13572322,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Rimex,"I've only played to game for a little more than an hour and already love it! It's fun and exciting to play, the only problem I have is sometimes when you're in huts, the camera won't move to an angle and I can't see where to zombies are so I usually get killed. Other than that, I highly recommend you buying this game :D"
,Recommended,250400,13579299,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,_S_I_F_,"The story is... Quite simple, not much tensions, easy quests and if you choose the right equipment, all characters are the same.Despite all of this, i think this game is enjoyable, especially if you want to participate in a huge slaughter. The co-op mode gives you more fun, or try harder single-player mode for risky survival plays.I vote it for 7 or 8 /10 points."
,Recommended,250400,13510742,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bruguel,"Very good game, chalenging to some point, nice crafting system, and for he price, take it!"
76561198043660131,Recommended,250400,13511429,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Papa Piglet,A good game but it seems that it would be more fun with friends
76561197966557804,Recommended,250400,13511937,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The Rabid Otter,"Not bad, but not compelling, either."
,Recommended,250400,13512739,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,chrisfindley,"Loved this game. First time through, it was an engaging story-line. Replay-ability is so-so, but when it's on sale for a few bucks, you can't go wrong! Recommended game, for sure."
76561198045090378,Recommended,250400,13512762,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Spinnerboi,"Simple, but entertaining. 7/10. It is well made with few bugs, but it is a bit dull without real depth and has a lot of work that needs to be done before it feels like a full game. Would be a point higher, but the DLC fishing is pretty gross, so it lost a point."
76561198073758087,Recommended,250400,13517260,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,✪ frankenT,"Bought the Storm Warning Edition on Christmas Sales 2015 for 1,89euro.-Had lots of fun with a friend on co-op mode.-Killed hordes of zombies smashing them down with an axe.-Survived several days on the island and made it out to the next one.-Died from a lightning on a heavy storm.Game looks to be addictive enough if you are into this type of games. You can craft lots of tools and weapons and also there is a skill tree that you can customize your character in the way you want. Totally recommend this game not only for the 1,89euros but for much more.11/10"
,Recommended,250400,13520077,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,3MAJ,"It's a mix of Dead Island Epidemic and Don't Starve gameplays. It's a fair challenge, you can't just storm through the game. Can't wait to try it in coop."
,Recommended,250400,13522395,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lycian,Great game. Lot of fun. I love covacz videos. Its funny. It would be interesting in FPS mode. :)
76561198026870633,Recommended,250400,13522705,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pear Pressure,"Do i recommend this game?Yes and no.Its an awesome game with lots of diablo elements but the co-op feels unfinished and rushed, its like the devs made a singleplayer and thought ""oh sh#t we forgot about multiplayer, better add one quickly"". I'm mainly referring to the dialogues in the story, if you skip you have to wait for your teammate to finish. Also i dont understand why the devs would lock the screen so the two players have to be on the same screen, there goes your freedom to explore by yourself and meet up with you teammate by choice, so if your teammate goes afk or trolls you cant progress because you both have to be up eachother's @rse all the time. Like i said i recommend it but if the devs made all these changes the game would be a lot better to play with a friend."
,Recommended,250400,13532633,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Darkver,RPG like zombie game. Tons of crafting recipes. Variety of ways of killing zombies. And at the end HARD AS ♥♥♥♥.
76561198104053053,Recommended,250400,13534253,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,♥InFernoBear♥,"Good Things!I like how you craft things and combine them, its a really fun game and addicting when you get use to it also the islands are really challenging and have lots of usefull  stuff.Bad Things!+co-op= i dont like the way you share a camera and you have to stay together+Crafting= It would be cool if you add more things in like a pickaxe to mine rock,etc+Base= you should add so you can build your base with walls.doors,etcAs i recommend you should get this game it is really fun.I hope this helped"
,Recommended,250400,13537726,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pal.,Amazing gameplay with awesome storyline. Do recommend.
76561198060944917,Recommended,250400,13540823,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,G-Ken.Mercy,I'm now literally scared of zombie deers10/10
76561198060423232,Recommended,250400,11295335,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ruugla,"This is a decent game though the best part is the comical way the guide on how to survive is presented. If you liked Dead Nation, this is more of the same but with a crafting system and bigger emphasis on melee. But honestly when you pick up pages to the guide, hilarious dialog usually follows, and that is the only saving grace for me."
,Recommended,250400,11210246,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,TaylerBootz,"Quirky, odd, but fun zombie game. Like living a guide book! A little too liniear for my taste, but the zombie killing, crafting and humor make it a terrific game."
,Recommended,250400,11327644,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,MR. GREY,"Alright.. i've been playing this game for a several hours and it was fun...so here what i think+ the story was great+ kovac's way DLC is really challenging+ some various weapon and armor can be crafted with friend, so playing with friend really ""twice the fun"".- only able to played with 2 players- unable to play in local network from different pc- it's addicting... don't play this game... or you will become one of those zombies in your own room!!!i will give it 7.5/10"
,Recommended,250400,15930148,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Shank,"From the amazing characters to epic upgrades on weapons to make you unstoppable, this game truly is near the top of my list. Even though I spent a small amount of time scouring the forums when the game would randomly crash, the story of the characters, the awesome crafting ability, and the spectacular ending to the game truly make it a really great game and I highly recommend it for a third person zombie experience."
,Recommended,250400,20501547,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jabba The Hutt,"story is short  but still good  play with friends it funny  In this game crafting is really important, you can't  find good weapons anywhere"
,Recommended,250400,14246756,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Jamal,"Not the best game on steam but still cool. Buy the game when 90% off. You'll make a good purchase.7,5/10"
,Recommended,250400,25334303,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GrayNeko,"Awesome game. Fun, fast gameplay, good survival mechanics. Really fun Co-op."
76561198213666149,Recommended,250400,25295284,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mudragreas,"Technically, it is almost perfect:Full controller support (like at least every non-FPS game should have),enjoyable co-op, pretty beautiful, isometric visuals. On easy, it has a very well balanced difficulty, especially for a zombie-killing game. Then again, I wouldn't complain about its difficulty, if I chose to play it on hard.No linux support, though. (Not that it incorporates DX11, to justify windows only support.)(I know that you tell about the existence of these features by looking at the side-of-the-screen steam icons, and that you don't need to read a review emphasizing them, but these are the first things that matter, and the reasons to try a game or not, in first place.)Aethetically, it is a really stylish, fun-to-play and rewarding game. I'd call it a hiddent gem, but thankfully, it's not hidden anymore :-)Dialogs are interesting, or at least non-brain-dead, and Kovac's instuctions are hilarious. With as-many-as-needed RPG elements, meaningful crafting and an interesting variety of weapons,it's definitely a must-buy, even if really tired of the 'killing-zombies' genre. (like I am).For you, when on discount ( < 2$ ), its bundle is probably the single best offer you can get amongst all games on steam. For me, a new standard of how well my money is spent on other games."
,Recommended,250400,25320827,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Darwish,Amazing Game! It's worth the money! Buy It while it is in sale. If you are a person who likes 2D games and Zombie Survival This is for you!
,Recommended,250400,25346248,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,-Lacx,"Good Game! Like how we fight the zombies, one thing that is bad, Storyline is boring.Still recommended to play for a discounted price, not full"
76561198003586639,Recommended,250400,10532858,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Breier,"A very nice game, had a lot of fun playing it on multipalyer."
,Not Recommended,250400,18248322,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Theplexing,how to refund????
,Recommended,250400,21401277,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,war is hell,Would be better if there were people who play multiplayer.
76561198089251508,Recommended,250400,10830305,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,snort intensify,Check the review.
,Recommended,250400,25458506,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,double[] array1 = { },Recommended for Survival game
76561198083891777,Recommended,250400,13544381,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Freddy|music|,"I liked the gamegood gameplay, good graphics and a normal storyCons: When headphones are disconnected in-game sound off forever and this game must be restarted, the graphics settings it was necessary to run through Steam configuration(helped translate google)"
76561197974333460,Recommended,250400,13555311,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,chakan2,"Phew...this is a hard game to recommend. It's fun for the first 4 hours or so, but the last few missions are a total slog. There's one mission near the end that's there purely to extend the life of the game and is just horrid desgin.There's some cute writing in this, and the voice acting is passibly funny.There are some serious issues though. Inventory management is some of the worst I've seen in a game. Also, I think this was designed to be convoluted just to extend the game as opposed to a logical design choice. You have to drop extra items off at one of your ""bases"" and it never fails that the one thing you need will require you to travel back across the entire game world. That mixed with the sluggish run speed makes for an extremely dull experience.I did enjoy the look of the game, and the animations / art are top notch. It's a 6-8 hour game that should have been a 3 hour experience.I wish they had a maybe recommend button. If you're SUPER into zombie games, or dig the robotron isometric style, I recommend it. If you're only passingly interested, skip this one and wait for a sequel."
76561198104987281,Recommended,250400,13559998,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mr. Vengance,"The way they set up the dialogue sucks, and the controls are bad and stiff. The dialogue would have been fine, but the controls are what kill this game for me, I will applaud the devs on the game regardless. If people like it then good job guys."
,Recommended,250400,13593570,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Strider415,"I have really enjoyed this game. Diablo 3, but survival and crafting elements involved. My only caution would be that there is very little to do once you beat the story. Once you get all of the good items, it becomes very easy. Thankfully challenges in the game make it hard to get to this point, but it is definitely worth the play. Look for a sale. I got my copy for $1.50 and it was worth every penny. If I had paid $10 I might not have felt the same... Overall a great game. I look forward to more from this developer."
,Recommended,250400,13602282,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,xRIPz,"""H2S"" let you train/prepare yourself for an zombies outbreak!Learn to craft.Chase wild boars.Be a Chef.Cherish fresh water and hope you are a camel.Pray in the night and hope for first light.Don't wait, and grab the game!"
76561197972244467,Recommended,250400,13611652,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Markies de Canteclaer,"For the price of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Big Mac you'll get a full weekend of good old zombie fun. Great value for money, Nice casual game without the need for extended skill."
76561198042159294,Recommended,250400,13613803,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Saul Goodman,Great fun and a great challenge as well!
76561198142245184,Recommended,250400,13615358,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MAXIMUS,"its really fun zombie killing adventure game. Theres so many things u can do : hunt, upgrade weapons, built own weapons, combine weapons, explore few large island, kill bosses and so on..."
76561197971293413,Recommended,250400,13615758,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,grifter91,Great game for a great price. If you got some free time buy it.
,Recommended,250400,13618815,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,INANE,Have only spent a couple hours playing but for a couple bucks I've found it to be well worth it.
,Recommended,250400,13626884,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✪Muenster,Kind of good.
,Recommended,250400,13628108,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,†﻿± Z Ø Ɖ I Д K ±†,Great Game! Single player is better then co-op. It's a steal for less then $5.
76561197982459805,Recommended,250400,13633583,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Enfo,Overpriced but a nice game anyway. Seems kind of unfinished.Makers could add some updates without trying to cash in without dlcs.
,Recommended,250400,13641205,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DarkOrLight,Good game but Two player is not enough for this game. Pls give us new update for 3 player co-op
,Recommended,250400,13647518,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kisaac,So..... Macgyver wakes up on a zombie infested island.......
,Recommended,250400,13494317,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ditto|,+ Lots of crafting+ Main missions and side missions+ Large map to explore+ Great graphic- Limited skill to learn- Some crafting need to be discover without hintOveral rating: 70/100
,Recommended,250400,13869130,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Pixe[L],"etting fun from playing is the main purpose of games, isn't it? Well, this game is really fun. I am sure you will get a lot of positive emotions while killing hundreds of zombies, crafting new weapons and stuff and performing the tasks.Of cause it's much better to play with friend because this game is just made for co-op.But there is also a big problem in this game - bad optimization for PC version :P Also it's rather weird that developers don't make chat. No chat in co-op game... seriously?However, H2S is amazing :) Funny, interesting, vivid. Perfect game :)"
,Recommended,250400,13856880,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sharp#,"This game is an ok game, for the followingg reasonsPros-good crafting systemlots of skills on a skill treefinishing movesand the fact it's fun with friendsCons-2 players share 1 camerathe story is horriblethe deer is too damn op!the tank is too op in multiplayer.the fat guys need to do less damage.I still enjoy this game at some pointsI think i covered just about every needed detail.like if you agree!"
,Recommended,250400,13929123,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Weapons.Rocks,"Recommended GameNice Graphics with the mix of RPG, Farcry 2 and Dead Island ingredients. Can rival most RPG zombie games in the steam store. Hell, it's way better than Dead Island Epidemic and State of Decay because of game mechanics and Co-Op. My only issue would be the following:+ Larger Bag for inventory of items.+ Some type of cabinet to stock other unused but otherwise vital items.+ A Merchant to sell items+ Fishing in the game is next to non-existant. Come-on, food is so scarce give us a better source!+ Profile type Saves of character progress. So you don't need to restart a Character eveytime you play a new game+ BUG ingame. Kenji dies everytime I reach Cenizas island for no apparent reason. I die as soon as I reach this islandFix these issues and you're GOLD!"
,Recommended,250400,13826031,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mr.Marbles,"I will be updating this review as I play.tl;dr despite the games lack of polish in some areas and redundent tutorials I've so far found the gameplay to unique and fun. And therfore overlook the areas where the game truely does fail and recommend the game. I can't speak to the worth of the game compared to the price but I did purchase it at %90 off which is well worth the risk even though most reviews are positive ones.First ImpressionsAs of this review I have completed the first set of missions and seemed to have left the tutorial portion of the game. It's been slightly more than an hour.You essentially get taught the mechanics b the first few people you meet, wihthout needing more instructions there are tutorial books scattered around the island which essentially repeat everything you've just found out a moment ago and add another 10-20% detail. I found these books to be redundant and took me away from the game I wanted to play. And speaking of them....The tutorial books have figure based explanations in video form which for me causes my screen to spazz between the video and the actual game underneath, add in some crazy green digital glitches and some strobes and that's what I saw all the time, pluss the animations played at half speed. Luckily I got all the info I needed already in game. As a disclaimer I'm currntly playing on an Ultrabook without dedicated graphics, but everthing else is running smoothly.Ontop of both those tutorials you have tooltips popping up every other friggen second and often they simply alternate back and forth between 2-3 tips.And speaking of those tooltips maybe half of them have the same spelling error where instead of ""your direction"" it's ""you direction"". Seriously devs?!The irst safehouse you encounter there is a gameplay breaking bug where you can close the door so you are inside and you are still able to hit zombies on the outside, if there are more safehouses in this fashion (Its 1:1 atm) it can become a bigger deal to gameplay.I'm playing with a controller, for some reason the devs though it would make sense for LT to use your secondary weapon and RB to use your primarey weapon, this was terrible to learn and luckily found out that all controls are rebindable.Additionaly the Y button swaps your primary weapon. But it will only swap from melee weapon 1 to melee weapon 2. The same follows for ranged weapons. If i want to switch weapons during a fight I probably want to switchfrom melee to rangedNo one thought that through straight.And then there's some general UI left unpolished where dialouges IMO fade in too slow, the menus aren't navigatable with an anolog stick - just the d-pad, menus can be a tad slow to respond or navigate.So these are some pretty glaring issues but overall I'mstill enjoying the game.Good atmosphere that your life is in dangerAppropiate difficulty and gameplay to match #1Who doesn't like a crafting system out of junkyard scraps?Co-op (Which I haven't tried yet)Interesting user tombstone death thing - although there is kinda a lot of them, everywhere, always.Unique and challenging gameplayA skill treeSo again, all-in-all these are obviously not the best developers and makes me wonder what was happening during development and on the forums, but I still find the game very fun to play."
76561198008035431,Recommended,250400,13567184,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,aq,It's fun to play co-op.
76561198097912220,Recommended,250400,13569077,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Straight Grayson,"By far one of my new favorite zombie games to date, ""How to survive"" offers simple, yet unique playstyles and story. It has endless item customization, and game mode flexability. It's puzzling, derpy, and Kovac is generally hilarious. The dev and designers really went to work on this fantastic zombie survival game, and it's DLCs. You can just see the care and consideration they had when diving into this fantasical horror survivor!Pros:-Decent Graphics-Control Toggles (Between Controller and Keyboard)-Leveling/Skill system (Extremely helpful)-Realistic survival post Island 1 and after ""How to survive"" tutorial on Island 2 (Health, Hunger, Thirst, and Sleep)-Multiplayer/Co-op-Multiple game modesCons (Borderline Pro [lol]):-Friendly fire (I say boardline, cause you can kill your co-op partner, and then revive them at insta half health. In survival mode or challenge mode, this mechanic is extremely useful.-------------------------------------------------------------Overall:-------------------------------------------------------------A must have for any zombie/survivor fan! I would definitley recommend this to my friends and family. It's just perfect.Oh... And watch out for Santa (You'll thank me later).And with that, Farewell."
76561198159841108,Recommended,250400,13577685,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CL0NETR00PER,I give the game 3 out of 5 it's pretty fun but gets kinda repetitive but to mess around this is a great game
,Recommended,250400,13588516,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Janakapod,One of my favorite games I've played recently.
,Recommended,250400,13537094,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Xypher,It's good storyfunnot hardcan play with friends
76561198129546156,Recommended,250400,13540802,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mr.Shanker22,"This game is Amazing. You start with a stick and then go to mass weapons of destruction flamethrowers (DLC) Home made machineguns , golden chainsaws and much more.I like this game alot because it's not the case of run in and kill them all you have to think llike where should i chuck this molotov. It's a great game to get it."
76561198005835920,Recommended,250400,13543140,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,๒คςςђยร_єร -,exciting keeps you alert and your wits
76561197990041212,Recommended,250400,10335172,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,NoT ConnecT3D,Best of its kind to right now...while experiencing the thrill of murderring the F*#@ outta random zombies one's gotta keep a sharp eye on them meters not to get to low as then the game get's tricky :D All in all a wonderfull make and some what of a nice survival guide too...if one considers one's society infested by the zombieplague
76561198057545303,Recommended,250400,10236207,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,alecchin2011,menggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg its not even bad
,Recommended,250400,10237277,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"Simple and nice, that's what i expected from survival game."
76561198006917383,Recommended,250400,10267496,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,King Doom,"This is a very solid little game and one I was surprised I hadn't heard more about once I'd snagged it and played for awhile. The controls are simple and easy to use, everything flows smoothly and the combat is rather well done. It leans more towards the action side rather than the survival side of things though, so for people who want a long drawn out 'build a base from nothing and fight for every advantage' type game you might be a little dissapointed. There is plenty of salvaging but for me it felt like I got to the top of the tech tree about three quarters of the way in and had no more fun toys to look forward to or reasons to keep collecting parts.The difficulty scales pretty well, ramping up contantly but never totally overwhelming you in stupid gimmick fights or something and the occasional zombie animals or giant zombies are well integrated into the game, fun to fight and not so common they wear out their welcome. Inventory was a problem but the dev's took complaints to heart and added the ability to increase your characters carrying capacity and the only real irritation is item stacking and stamina. If you pick up say, fifty rounds of ammo and you already have 499/500 then 49 of those rounds will vanish into the void forever, the same with several other stacking items. Not a massive problem in the grand scheme of things, but still, a little annoying sometimes. Your character has a stamina bar and honestly, for the amount of running you can do before it empties, it may as well not be there. This is another game where asthma is the single biggest threat to your characters life. It balances out by making fights against crowds more hectic though, so you can see why it was set up like that.The story is ...unusual. I don't know if they plan to reveal more later, or if it is tucked away as a reward for hard mode or something but what you do discover just leaves you with a lot of questions and no real answers. If the plot isn't hidden in the hardmode dlc then yeah, I gotta give the dev's respect for this. Think about it and see how many games you can think of that were ruined by the story being expanded and filled out when it really could have been left as a mystery. (Mass Effect 3, I'm looking at you. A race of giant robots made to kill all life to prevent giant robots killing all life. Yeah.)"
76561198047689573,Recommended,250400,10267722,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,VeronicaFoxx,"For those who enjoy survival horror, this should be a breath of fresh air.  Far more focused on the survival aspect than the horror of being shipwrecked on an archipellago infested with zombies, boasting an off-beat story with a twist that slowly reveals itself, and with a surprisingly simple yet deep crafting system, How to Survive is immensely enjoyable.  With only two difficulty settings, it does provide three characters, each with a unique skill tree, for playthrough either solo, over your local network with a friend, or online.  Additionally, there are challenge modes that allow you to test your survival skills in similar fashion.  With two current DLCs, another set to release, and future expansions planned, this game packs plenty of replay value and is fun from start to finish."
76561198120938958,Recommended,250400,10269400,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jbraden95,How To Survive is a EXTREMELY fun game! DON'T listen to the other reviews! If you like Zombie Survival games this is just the game for you. I have completed this game 3 times and it's still fun!
,Recommended,250400,10269519,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,amazePenguin,"It's a pretty good game. It's really easy to get into and start shooting everything or beating them up with rocks tied to a metal rod. The only complaints I have is that there is a graphical bug where there is a streak coming out of some zombies heads that goes half way across my screen, also, not enough people play this for me to get the online acheivements, so buy it. The storyline is good although the ending leaves you wanting more, I wouldn't be surpised if there was a sequel. The game is connected to the internet even if you are playing single player so you can see where everyone has died playing the game which I found interesting yet mildly morbid when I walk past a grave marker with my name above it. Over all I would give it a 7/10, it's a good deal if you get it during the 75% off sale and it has trading cards so why not buy it!"
76561198026047576,Recommended,250400,10283013,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,aerbourne,One of the best $5 games I've ever bought
76561198098398029,Recommended,250400,10287323,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,(AnS)AshosAnAuzzie,pritty awesome game i recomend you buy it random at times but really fun.
76561198030995107,Recommended,250400,10295562,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Yoshi Snipo,"While not being an AAA title, and not being too long, this game is more than worth its price. Reminds me of good old Diablo, well, except the movement is WASD-ish and its a console remake. Yet a good one. Atmosphere is great, explosions are gorgeous, and zombies are many. You gotta survive, so grab Kovac's Survival Rules and have a lot of fun!-----------------------------------------------------------Aj keď to nie je AAA titul, a nie je ani moc dlhá, tak za tú cenu nebudete ľutovať. Pripomína mi to staručké Diablo, až na ten detail, že sa pohybujete cez WASD a nie myškou, a je cítiť, že je prerobená z konzoly na PC, čo nie je až také zlé. Hra má dobrú atmosféru, pekné explózie a kvantum zombíkov. Vašou úlohou je ... prežiť; tak si uchmatnite Kovacove (čítaj Kovak ... inak som to najprv tiež čítal Kováč) Pravidlá prežitia a užite si veľa zábavy."
,Recommended,250400,10301382,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,iambabytin,"Good game but short, wiah it was longer"
76561197960572873,Recommended,250400,10303102,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Carbide,"Neat little action game.Plays like Diablo but with a setting and crafting system not unlike those found in the recent Tomb Raider reboot. The crafting system is surprisingly deep as well; some basic recipes are given to the player while the rest are left for the player to figure out on their own.Has a few rough edges: aiming is finicky (lock-on will drop for no apparent reason and occasionally the character will fire their weapon in completely random directions), the inventory screen is translucent which makes it rather hard to see during (in-game) daylight hours, and the game engine seems to be really resource intensive (all the fans in my system ramp up to full speed and stay there).I have concerns about replayability as well; the game story is minimal and the map is quite small. I cleared it out in about ten hours and I was messing around a lot, trying to finish up a couple of achievements. If I'm not mistaken there is some DLC planned to help with that.I'd recommend grabbing it when it's on sale, as full price ($15 at the time of this writing) seems a bit high, particularly when future story/map DLC is almost certainly not going to be free."
,Recommended,250400,10303509,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,JayDCza,"Great Survival game! I mostly like the weapon and armor crafting, also when you need to eat, drink and sleep. This game is Underated though.. I'd give it a 9/10Hope they make another"
,Recommended,250400,18964497,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,dzx,"Fun to play, just annoying having to do that same thing over and over again.Had to stop playing when I found enzo the cat and the old women wouldn't take enzo back unless I stiched it together. I realized this point the whole story was just down hill from there.....I didn't enjot the game 100% but it was a decent game. (If you buy it for less than 5$)"
,Not Recommended,250400,13989396,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,BigPloppa,"15 hours in and I just don't care anymore. What started out as a fun and challenging game that reminded me of the fun of SNES quickly turned into making piles of resources on various islands, back tracking through those islands to find the right path to get me to the right island to hopefully find the right pile that has the right component to make the right object I must give to the right immersion breaking monkey with parrot who will at best give me something I can get on my own simply by killing zombies. There is so much opportunity for a good time here but for me it ended too soon. I will keep it installed and will try and revisit my game but there isn't a compelling reason to do so at the moment. I’ll have to let the bad vibes simmer for a bit.Pros:-	Fun crafting and experimenting-	Enjoyable first few hours of missions and surviving-	Would be fun with a friend if you and that friend like Diablo-	Decent gunplayCons:-	The ambient music is rubbish-	Too much reliance on backtracking-	Having to constantly switch weapons to accommodate different baddies at the same time(you’ll know it when you get to it)-	Fat exploding zombie and spider zombie tropes are just that"
,Not Recommended,250400,15200965,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,⚔ ElƵorro ⚔,"It's okay, no more, no less.I bought it to play it in coop-modus and we needed more then half an hour to get it running. It was fun for half an hour  and then we realized, that the second player can't leave the screen of the host. That's totally annoying!! Furthermore (the same applies to singleplayer) the savepoints are way too far apart and there's no notice that the game was saved. So if you want to leave the game it's a gambling game: Do you loose half an hour of gaming time?! Or maybe one hour or are you lucky and the game was saved only 5 minutes ago!?!So, the first time you start the game and you realize that you lost 20 minutes all the fun is gone!Don't buy unless there is a huge discount!"
,Recommended,250400,14255168,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,wuthereis,"I like how at the normal setting, it still feels like a casual game.  Not that it’s easy -- because sometimes it really can be insanely tough!  But there is more to this game than mindlessly killing zombies, and there is no time limit.+Plenty of places to explore and things to collect and craft+Light, but interesting story and humor that gets revealed along the way+A daytime/nighttime element to it, along with other weather and environmental challenges, so you have to plan your strategy+Music cues that are exciting and heart-stopping sometimes..+Funny dynamic of wanting to collect items to complete missions, yet fighting off zombies at the same time, so you have to gauge how important your life is at the moment.+Satisfying precision in the game if you use the right stick on the xbox 360 controller.  The controls are intuitive and tight.+Plenty of variation in enemies+If you are good at zombie games, it will probably be a cinch to complete, but if you take your time, you can easily get 100+ hours of fun gameplay.+It just feels like one of those games you can pick up where you left off and still be able to get into it.  I can easily pass an enjoyable afternoon or late night with this one.  I know that this is just a game, but it does make you more appreciative of the things you have..+Playing this with the Nina DLC - have not tried the other characters yet+This is a zombie, point-n-click, resource management, survival-horror game with deep crafting."
,Recommended,250400,17708330,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,bertri,"This game is quite good, i like the way it's made, the difficulty, the only problem is that you have the hordes respawning every night, and this makes the game really boring because to get to X water source you must kill 50 zombies, maybe with a 4 multiplayer it's okay, but on singleplayer this is really hard. But the price quality of the game is really ok. 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,250400,13815755,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Louie,"To start off I would like to say, that first; I got this game on sale and secondly; my computer isnt very good""How To Survive"" is a top down zombie survival game, you have to go around completing quests to get items for armour, guns, e.t.c.Sounds great doesnt it! BUT I managed to find soo many bugs in the short 0.8 hours of gameplay. To start of the screen was pushed to the side so I couldnt see 1/4 of the screen and even on fullscreen it was aswell, after I fixed that I tried to play the game but it wouldnt go above 5 or 10 frames per second THIS IS RIDICULOUS, so i thought maybe they will have somewhere i can turn down the graphics, but nope because this is a terrible port from the consoles it doesnt work the only way i could get it to work non fullscreen was in the steam settings. also it took me ages to connect my controller to play with my brother but the frameskip was still to much. This game is a poorly done PC port and if it was optimised for bad computers and FIXED THIER SCHITT then it would most likely be reccomened.Its not all bad though, we brought the game on the ps3 because I wanted to play it, we downloaded it on the playstation and its actually really fun, you have to build guns to shoot zombies in the face but as you go futher through the story the zombies get stronger and faster, for example there are deer zombies that you have to dodge and big boss zombies that you waste all your ammo on; there is also challenges like only explosive weapons and only chainsaws that increase the replayabilty rather alot. I really enjoyed playing H2S on my playstation but i with i could get it to work on the computer.To conclude, if your computer cost less than a grand, get it on consoles my 0.8 hours were only sorting out all the♥♥♥♥♥♥that the poorly done port had."
,Recommended,250400,7459214,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Gravedom,I actually love this game so far on first day of playing it.  Not your typical run around and kill it all and enjoy the crafting of weapons and basic scavaging elements.  Movement with keyboard feels a little off at times but just takes getting used to.
,Not Recommended,250400,15932862,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Skaidrojumi,"Pretty horrible.- Story lacking- Terrible controls- Confusing perspective (3rd person version did not help)- No updates, they ignore all issues+ Fairly broad crafting systemYeah, that's all I foud good about it. Now they're making a sequel, while the originals are still buggy and i desperate need of updates. Save your money and buy a better title."
,Recommended,250400,22865517,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,<Blank>,"Jogo ótimo, pena que pela perspectiva só serve pra jogar singleplayer pois a câmera do jogo atrapalha muito a jogabilidade entre os modos co-op que a câmera fica entre os dois personagens ao invés de ser individual para cada personagem isso atrapalha muito a movimentação quando vem uma horda de zumbis, mas o jogo é bastante criativo estilo state of decay."
,Recommended,250400,19292929,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Frank Alpha,"Just another call of duty rip off. I mean Zombies, really? Call of Duty did it first."
76561198156729241,Recommended,250400,20498695,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hornyskunk,6/10
,Recommended,250400,20355293,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sukhoi- 35,"This game is Really hard in single player, but i keep like it"
,Recommended,250400,20038866,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,YamaKasin,"WARNING: This game is not meant to be played alone.I didn't expect much from this title, but it turned out to be an amazingly fun local co-op experience. Just stock up with beer and snacks (or whatever gets you off), grab 2 gamepads and let the fun ensue. The joy of killing zombies together and randomly discovering new ways to craft equipment is just enormous."
76561197997698036,Recommended,250400,7468088,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Mamel,
,Recommended,250400,16360937,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Reinz,One of the best mediocre games I've played. Get it while it's on sale.
76561198056953468,Recommended,250400,19998699,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,"-L4,5nna-",Mto divertido!
,Recommended,250400,21454754,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,sober Snake_Shitz,instructions unclear
76561198037783642,Recommended,250400,19687785,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Sevenless,game?                  --> goodzombie realism?  --> goodconcept?              --> goodcrafting system?  --> good enoughprice?                   --> highwoth it?               --> nowait for sale?       --> yesprice bought?      --> 2 bucksworth it?              --> yesrecommend?       --> ......
76561198031518866,Recommended,250400,15253125,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Ace Banister,"You walk around, shooting zombies. What's not to like? It's just a fun, easy to play game. It's not to be taken so serious."
,Recommended,250400,10626925,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brancoveanu,Hands down one of the best zombie survival games i've played in a very long time! Full of action and excitement and on top of that great storyline! Definetly recommend!
76561198106891675,Recommended,250400,15882289,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Frodra,A really cool survival/adventure zombie game :)
,Recommended,250400,18703686,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,flareonflare,"needs workshop support or for resources to regenerate around the map, because they dont, so those bottles you filled with water to drink later? you only later find out you NEED them to make bomb to unlock areas, sucks that you used them all for water and theres only a limited amount that you already used huh?same thing with iron plates, used them up? then you are screwed because you cant get any morethese flaws make an otherwise great game a meh game, its worth byuing when its on sale for about $5, and that happens often enough, during the summer sale it was about a buck and its defintely worth thatbut for $15? not so much"
,Recommended,250400,18737172,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Coronel Kittycannon,"I love this game.Maybe it's not the best ""generic zombie shooter"" but hey! It's How to Survive!You WILL have to worry about your ""body basics needs"" in order to Survive!You WON'T be a generic zombie killer, you WILL be the master of Survival! (After Kovac)...Buy it, Play it, Money well spent.Also, there's a secuel! But play this one first..."
,Recommended,250400,19986182,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,dox,Its a good game with a ton of fun to play with friends.P.S. (to the dev team)can u add Mac Suport?
,Recommended,250400,19980309,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,demo,"The best part is the local multiplayer, not many pc games have support for that. I rate it a solid 5/7."
76561198061702660,Recommended,250400,23113334,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mexican_Potato,This is a great game i finished it co-op with my dad and it was a very cool game :) The hardest part was when we killed the big dude at the end. Great game great game 10/10. cant wait for How To Survive 2 :)
76561198164978294,Recommended,250400,25425354,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,salamander,nice game..very enjoy playing with friends
,Recommended,250400,23175828,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Angry Tom,"Not a bad little game this one, enjoyable for a while. As you'd come to expect from most zombie games, you've got to kill zombies. The stuff you can make tends to help but there's limits to those. The customizability of the game is also lacking but you ultimately get what you pay for. The gameplay itself is enjoyable, running through the game can be a challenge and that too, is enjoyable, when it comes to zombie slaughtering pastimes. Regardless of the drawbacks, I don't mind having this in my steam library."
76561198059990081,Recommended,250400,11732814,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,henryst,"Good idea, poorly executed. Worth a look if you're bored."
76561198082144725,Recommended,250400,11763767,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,kissbaly,Enjoyable game but it could have been better. Wait for a special offer if you want to try.
,Recommended,250400,11741036,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,spootyshiznit,The best part about this game for me was the crafting. Creating one thing and later deciding you would rather have used those parts for something else and being able to disassemble and get all those parts back. I have wanted this ability in crating games for a long time.Unfortunatly the story is lacking and the game is short.
76561197986042760,Recommended,250400,11713038,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,.mongo.,"Fun zombie hack and slash with polished mechanincs and an interesting crafting system. Could use wider range of items and more relevant and game impacting skill trees, but was still fun. Be sure to try out hardest difficulty ""Kovac's way"" to play the real game :)"
76561198025073052,Recommended,250400,11741683,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ShadowMIB,"It's a fun isometric view zombie survival game. You have to manage not only health, but food, drink, and sleep.  Which are not hard once you get used to checking before you hit bottom.Building and improving weapons are cool, and switching between weapons is a snap. Some weapons are good all around, while some are best in specific situations.  The main problem in big groups are the exploding fatties,  shoot them with arrows to blow them up away from you or you will take damage.  The only problem I have is the final boss battle, because its pretty hard and I haven't beaten that yet.The challenges are pretty good, but as it says they are a challenge, so use a character you already have built up for those."
,Recommended,250400,11746255,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Munki,"Tried this game on a chance.  Had way more fun playing it than I thought I would.  The zombies are neat, the crafting is easy and fun, and it's not too long that I feel it drags on.  Haven't tried the multiplayer yet, but the rest of the game is worth the buy."
,Recommended,250400,11755715,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Slightly311,"Really great game. Had it on PSN and really enjoyed it so I bought it on Steam. Solid all around, definetaly reccommended for zombie genre fans."
,Recommended,250400,11772598,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,[BitG] Thrawny,"Zombie mayhem of a different kind, rough around the edges but satisfying.Boomerang is OP as hell though."
,Recommended,250400,20164925,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mortalis De Morty,"If you're good at it, It's a pretty short game, but it is fun and addicting. Numerous things to craft and skills to upgrade. Played the whole game with my cousin and we had a blast."
76561198044225358,Recommended,250400,16410599,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,D3ADL1FT,"NO GRAPHICS SETTINGS? WHAT THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥, NA STILL A GREAT GAME"
,Recommended,250400,13721168,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Siman,This game is cool and all but why does Kovac sound like Crazy Russian Hacker...
,Recommended,250400,13552923,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Fancy,"UhNot too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for Pancakes insteadIngredients:1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 tablespoons sugar1 tablespoon baking powder1/4 teaspoon salt1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg2 large eggs, at room temperature1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as neededNow to make it1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.2. In another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla.3. Melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat.4. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed5. Keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed.6. Procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: Once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. Flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings."
,Recommended,250400,10295661,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,tommy,"Almost too good with friends, its like BOOM SON, and your like DAMNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN"
,Recommended,250400,13954195,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Angelus Inferos,Meh .... I xpected more :3 but is kinda fun tho......
,Recommended,250400,16349254,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KAWAIIIIIIIIIIIII,extremely fun. i know the overhead asthetic of it may be offputting to some people as it was to me but it is well worth any sale price. 8/10
,Recommended,250400,16493530,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Raijin ThunderKeg,Nice game i think but it need 4 player co-op to make this game much fun
,Recommended,250400,16669372,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jigsaw,"In CO-OP you get items from quests for the host only,,,,,,,Still campaign 11/10"
76561198106193020,Recommended,250400,16715797,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Piotrek_PL hellcase.com,this is good survival game
,Recommended,250400,16649056,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ksywlaug,"Game is good and has a cool story. But some missions just want you to explore all the islands and collect some♥♥♥♥♥♥like boxes. After you completed fifty percent of the game -if you know how to play rpg games- zombies can be killed so easy. Even the bosses. If you are really into this game, trust me, wait for the next summer sale. It won't worth it if you buy now."
,Recommended,250400,16999437,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,shitty chan,cool
,Recommended,250400,17785477,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Amanite2012 [ETH],"1) Began the game2) Found that it is a classic zombie RP game3) Do all the map in a day of playing4) Finish almost the game5) Arrive to the final wave6) Discover that one of the first guy you met and the most helpful is the fuc#]^g killer and doesn't want you to escapeKovak of course!7) Don t understand8) Shout almost every word of bad language in every language I know9) Blocked and can't successDON'T PLAY WITH A FRIEND (you will have to share food, water and screen because the screen can only follow one of you not the both)"
,Recommended,250400,17447809,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,R'lyeh,Simple game but one the best 3rd person zombie game. Fun coop!
,Not Recommended,250400,17588027,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Freudrage,"it doesnt even really work, it has horrible performance issues and the co-op doesnt seem to work. i wanted to like it, but i cant."
76561198090765638,Recommended,250400,16572701,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Gattsune,Bretty gud
,Recommended,250400,16749072,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,KingSin,"How to Survive is one more zombie gameit's a little shorter game but interesting, good graphics, interesting crafting system,but it is even more interesting play with friends at a more difficult levelI would recommend it to everyone"
,Recommended,250400,16727997,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,suspen,"Es lo mejor wachin, acabé como 10 kilolitros de leche ♥♥♥"
,Recommended,250400,11105235,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,☠ Dignity ☠ [⇄],My grave is still there from October 2013 10/10
,Recommended,250400,8493845,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NotSo,a great zombie game with a twistco-op and guns what else would u wontu just need a  zombiefreind85/100the_nerd_pig
,Recommended,250400,13906134,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Steph,"Not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. It's a nice little top down zombie game with a crafting aspect, which you will need for surviving. The graphics, sounds and surroundings are nice, and for the price I picked it up for was amazing. ($1.99 storm warning edition) and well worth it. I'm really into hack and slash co-op games and this was a nice addition to my collection."
76561198005783187,Recommended,250400,7960749,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,CampingTheBridgeLikeAFaggot,"What a amazing little game i loved it, for $15  its well worth what i paid for! if only it was longer i reccomend the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. all the people saying its not worth it are a bunch of low life scum ^_^"
,Recommended,250400,13848367,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,FaKeMaKk,this game is so cool and very intrested
76561198051132285,Recommended,250400,15465383,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Chris Pee Bacon,"I LOVE this game, it has recieved alot of hate because the developers said it would be open world and it isnt, well so what, you still get to kill zombies and if the developers hadnt mentioned it everyone would be ok with the game! Also there are sooooo many crafting options, the crafting guid would probably be hundreds of pages, it's awesome!"
,Recommended,250400,26125429,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,GoFigure75,"""How to Survive"" has literally taught me how to survive on an island with a delusional man by the name of Kovac. Following his book might help you survive his insanity. Shoot, might even get an accent by the end of our time together on the islands. Just learning how to get from island to island is difficult. Why not take any boat to any island instead of having to run across islands to get to the boat/glider/whatever for the destination point? But hey, I'm not the one that makes the rules; that's Kovac. Do your best to survive in this 3rd person, zombie, survival shooter."
76561198089819023,Recommended,250400,16446548,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KvaKeNッ,Very good game
76561198108104820,Recommended,250400,21012906,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Aghyad,very good co-op with my friend everyday
,Recommended,250400,13995123,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Desire,A really liked this game. The campaign was great! I think they should add more maps/campaigns
,Recommended,250400,7481427,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Watashik,"Классная игра) зомби, открытые локации, выживание, все функции для данной игры) Поскорее бы добавили нормальный ко-оператив и больше систем крафта, так как его там придостаточно но хочеться больше! =3"
76561198048961025,Recommended,250400,9022530,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,MaliciousEight | casejar.com |,"I definitely recommend this game, I was hooked on it just by the thumbnail. And if you think mother knows best, NO, Kovac knows best! :DEdit 7/6/14Went 3 feet off a boat, fatass zombie exploded and turned me into guts.100/10 would explode again."
,Recommended,250400,13820274,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Thurmanator94,"I find this game to be really entertaining and runs flawlessly for me, and i dk what my friends problem is, the controls are easy to find, how ever the graphical settings are iffy and for some hard to find.... and yes it is a port that didn't have much time put into it, but the controls seem fine to me, and i have a wired 360 controller coming in the mail anyday now... i'd buy this game again!How ever my friend didn't like it caus he can't run it... here is his reviewThe game could be fun, but it is plagued by the issues of a botched console port. firstly it has no in game graphical settings under video or otherwise not even a brightness bar. if you go into steam client you can change shadow quality and the size of the window it opens in, as well as turn on Vsync or disable Vsync. no resolution, no custom key mapping and the only supported controller being a wired 360 controller makes this game a chore to play and not worth your time unless you have a top of the line PC I was buying this game for a friend who runs a lower end computer because there are not alot of quality mulitplayer games he can run, because of the fact that a simple game should run easily on his pc I opted for this game, before buying it we ran it on his pc using my profile and big surprise do to the lack of Resolution settings it runs at a whopping 5fps. unless you have a decent graphics card dont buy this game it will chug like a frat boy doing a keg stand when more than one zombie is on the screen the lack of basic graphic options makes it a chore to run on anything less than the reccomended system specs rather than the minimum, and of course it plays like a botched console port because big surprise thats exactly what it is."
,Recommended,250400,18037339,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,FrankDaddyGoodz,"Amazing game. One of my favorite survival games, just wish it was longer, nonetheless I played it for 2 days straight. so I think it's just me. I recommend it all the way! It's a must play if you haven't tried it."
,Recommended,250400,16413482,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Arch Enemy,"First impression of the game? It's not bad, infact, it's a decent zombie game. I have avoided How to Survive for so long, even though I'm a huge zombie nerd, and part of the reason for that is because the game looked like another boring top-down shooter and reviews regarded the game to be very mediocre. I waited for a fair discount until I finally decided to buy it and see for myself if How to Survive is really as bad as claim it is.I am pleasantly surprised with How to Survive, it has more going for it than so many other games of this genre. The combat is fun, bashing zombies in the head feels very satisfying and the variety of weapons at your disposal helps keep things interesting and it also helps to have the option to execute a zombie off with a finishing attack.The plot/story however is very bland and it offers nothing new. It doesn't help that, apart from Kovak, all the characters are forgettable. Which makes me wonder why the game itself is called ""How to Survive"" when it should be called Kovak's Survival Guide, because it's main presentation of the game, not to mention the fact that you don't really learn anything new about zombie survival and the game doesn't do a very good job at making you feel like you're trying to survive the horros on the island, it tries, and there are plenty of areas where it shines, but ultimately the action is where the focus of the game lies.In the end, How to Survive is one of the better hack and slash zombie games and if you want to live in a zombie filled world with tons of action and lots to do I recommend checking this out."
,Recommended,250400,18134629,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Flash // Ivellios,"This game is a real time killer :) I like it even though it has some minor cons.Rate: 8/10+ good coop (online for 2, so hot seat is enough)+ nice graphics+ music - fits well+ crafting - many, many possibilities+ gameplay- quests -> go get something, bring back, go again and so on...- music - can get boring- small backpack for gathered stuff, but yeah! I can still carry 45 soldier vests- shortcuts only on coming back - cannot unlock any shortcuts forward once I go through the labirynthNext I am going to try the TPP version - since it has low rating."
76561198010996335,Recommended,250400,18256153,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Final9,"This is a fun and enjoyable game, However I would not suggest buying it at the full price. I feel that it was too short to merit a 14.99 price tag. I happened to get it on sale for .99 cents +tax."
76561198022911146,Recommended,250400,18819550,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,M1xPlan3t,good game
76561198046205672,Recommended,250400,16686482,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,cois,very nice game
,Recommended,250400,16685246,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,xketchx,"Have you ever been molested by antlers of zombie deer? Thanks to ""How to Survive"" i had that opportunity."
,Recommended,250400,16686405,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,edwardD,I recommend this game for survival gamers
,Recommended,250400,22831018,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,MysticVaultBoy,"Best zombie game i've played, almost, but it is actually the best because i bought it 17 euros cheaper."
76561198002693224,Recommended,250400,18734890,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Zanatoz,"So far it's been a great game in single player mode but I wouldn't recommend the coop.  It crashes everytime both players die, only one player gets quest loot (even the items you need to complete other quests....? wtf?), and it lags even if both players are on the same LAN (both of us were wired to the network and the connection to the web is fibre...)."
76561198044797961,Recommended,250400,8963170,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Jan,"A little but worthy survival game that mixes action, crafting and rol elements. Good graphics, results funny but hard. Could have been better, because has wonderful ideas, but whose implementacion fails for single player: the diagonal movement is dificult in keyboard, lacks of inventory space and the strong enemies are common, all of which force to play cooperative mode to apreciate the game; otherwise only with patience leaves good feel, but is highly replayable in challenge arcade mode. Injustly underrated. Has a great discount quite often."
,Recommended,250400,15780573,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ThePandaSenpai,Really? Don't listen to those comments of people who played for an hour or two. The game starts getting interesting the more you progress. Give it a try after you kill the first boss. Also it's a really good game to play with a friend.
,Recommended,250400,13883200,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,-jrs,Didn't expect this to be so good.
76561198125428592,Recommended,250400,16604023,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dinkicha,"Pretty fun survival game i recomend for everyone who likes killing zombies, improvising and having fun :)"
,Recommended,250400,16607299,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ebonweaver,"A Diablo style zombie survival (Resident Evil type creatures) with crafting?  It really doesn't get a whole lot better than this!  Really, that about sums up the game, if that sounds at all interesting get it.  3 bladed boomerang of death FTW!"
76561197964798094,Recommended,250400,13849149,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MadAsAHatter,Extremely underrated by Metacritics.  The game is worth a buy for the voiceacting and the humorous approach alone. GRAB IT NOW!
,Not Recommended,250400,10237130,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Omuleţul Garant,Lots of game breaking bugs will make you regret the time invested. At 90% completion I got into a place where I was instakilled by a boss upon each reload and my only option was to restart the game from the beginning! Avoid at all cost.
,Recommended,250400,17765890,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Payne,"“How to Survive” is a survival game where your main goal is to escape a zombie infested island. It has some exploring, crafting, and survival aspects reminiscent of Don’t Starve, but with some Diablo-style click fighting and basic character advancement. Overall, I enjoyed the game, but I have a bunch of little criticisms that detract from an otherwise decent game.The game is a grind at times. It gets tiring having to fight again in an area you’ve just recently explored. You must go through way too many screens to load a saved game and you can only save the game at certain points. The dialogue/voice acting isn't great and most of the missions are simple fetch quests. Inventory management is a bit of a chore. The NPCs just stand in the open and never defend themselves or even get attacked. It disengaged me from the atmosphere.Overall, I recommend How to Survive. It is good, I think it is missing a few refinements that could make it great."
,Recommended,250400,15251027,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ilham rashif,this game is greatjust like scouti love it
,Recommended,250400,14687587,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Broockle,"This is actually really well made. It's fun, the tutorials are funny, you can really craft a crap ton of stuff really easily and kill a bunch of zombies with all your creative gear. The graphics and level design are great, and there's even a neat diversity in enemies to fight in different ways.The only complaint I really have with this game is the inventory. I hate it when games make you sort inventory, and this game does it a lot. I imagine this game being a lot more fun in co-op mode.Overall I see a working game here. If you like crafting and shooting zombies then by all means. Knock yourseves out ^^"
76561198058767113,Recommended,250400,17099802,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MachoMan,"Fetch quest the game, not that it is entirely a bad thing. Fully enjoyable game played through the main story and have yet to dip into the other things the game has to offer"
,Not Recommended,250400,7997254,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Xutech,"Bland zombie killing game set on a series of dull islands. The ""How to survive"" videos are moderately amusing. Avoid, even if you are a zombie theme tragic. There are better budget games for your dollar."
76561198023133803,Not Recommended,250400,7550905,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Gir Fan,"Overly Hyped, buggy, repeditive, and half the crafting dosen't work. No sandbox, or multiplayer, and what little survival tension there is can be easly overcome. As of right now don't get it.Udate 7/2/2015. Complete and udder B.S. Do NOT BUY. Devs changed the camera angle and want eveyone to buy the game again."
,Recommended,250400,11442036,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Flextales,"This game is a suprisingly fun diablo/Craft/dead Island hybrid and it works very well. The game runs at a very brisk pace and never got boring, there was a real challenge to playing the kovacs way DLC mode which I highyl recommend for the hardcore survival fanatics. Definitley worth your time and money, if you are interested get of the fence and play it!"
76561198052671900,Recommended,250400,22996615,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,disgustipated,this is a good game but i stopped playing it because of that stupid ♥♥♥♥ing zombie deer
,Recommended,250400,22998295,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Hafiz Rosila,"A MUST HAVE GAME..If u wanna have great fun laughing with ur frens/siblings while playing this game, then this is a MUST BUY! I really enjoy playing this with my sister. We had a blast!"
76561197975158120,Recommended,250400,23003892,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kross,"I literally loved this game so much, already completed it and did a few side quests as well.It's a perfect surival game, you spend time filling up jerry cans with water and gasoline, watching your thirst, hunger and tiredness levels dropping gradually, searching for food and combining items together to make awesome weapons, potions and armour.The melee combat is not as satisfying as the ranged combat but the ranged combat is so satisfying. I must admit when it first started I thought it was a bit tedious and boring but once it got started I was totally addicated.If it's not your type of genre then you probably just won't like it but if survival type genres are you will love this!Also I got this for about £1.50 on offer - best money I ever spent. My only grievance is just as I was realllllly getting into it, I completed it. Gutted - but now i'll just buy number 2 and 3 haha"
,Recommended,250400,22910247,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,The Djerry,"After seeing the trailer for the second game in disc. queue, and this one appearing on sale, I didn't hesitate.This game has been out for years now, but it felt pretty refreshing to play this, with all modern games.I've spent so much time already on such short time, it speaks for itself.Worth the purchase!"
76561198174242055,Recommended,250400,22911538,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,Pretty and smooth the only problem on this game is when the start of the game you can't easily kill any zombies that surround you because you don't have any weapon and also the stamina you might use when running drain fast although you step 2 blocks ahead
,Recommended,250400,24100925,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Khaz,Cool game to play but not many people to play with.
76561198046526082,Recommended,250400,19409396,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HandWriting,Ha How to Survive ?More likeHow to Take Money And DogeWow
,Recommended,250400,21908109,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,☭TuzGOD☭,Great game but it would be better if we could have had our own perspective not local coop view
76561198074031391,Not Recommended,250400,35432455,Posted: 2 October,all,mmxhappy,Great games. but sadly keep crashing on my pc.
76561198044572067,Recommended,250400,12839420,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,terrakb117,I liked it so much i got the console version too. Its not perfect but its fun and the crafting aspect is pretty cool.
,Recommended,250400,12876983,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Tywin Lannister,"Good and fun game, would recommend to anyone who wants a fun little zombie survival game."
,Recommended,250400,12226994,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Zi Prophet,I did not survive.
,Recommended,250400,10167436,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Dieselburner,Just awesome! I wish there were more games like this.
,Recommended,250400,10168975,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,WARMACHINE760,This is a well crafted Top Down RPG Survival game.
76561198048790685,Recommended,250400,10820937,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dead,"Great game, easy to play with a controller, have 2 controllers play multiplayer with a friend, multiplayer with a steam friend. Its really quite a nice linear evolving game a lot of fun and easy to get into. The graphics are really great, and the gameplay intuitive and fun. Get this game you wont regret it."
,Recommended,250400,10985156,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Banana,Good game.
,Recommended,250400,13189798,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,GraphicX,This game under promises & over delivers.
,Recommended,250400,17957004,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Shaw,"At first few hours a thought: ""very good game"", but after few next hours I saw some of weaknesses sides of H2S. However it's still good game. I was playing on ""Iron man"" and this game wasn't so hard until last fight, I spend on it 4 or 5 hours and it was irritating to much enemies, not eanought place to run and zombies came from everywhere.What i like in H2S:- crafting- nice weaponse (Boomerangs!!)- no bad fight systemWhat I don't like:- low numer of zombie type- few bugs like sometimes when you should land on the ground the animantion isn't trigged and it's like your charater is freezed- plot is low, but i didn't expect nothing more becouse it's almost Hack and slash- 2 last missions are only to make game longer"
76561198028694797,Recommended,250400,12483206,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Lepra,"The main and foremost tragedy of this game is that when you`ll bit it, you still will not know How to Survive :("
,Recommended,250400,10423628,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,งดงาม♥,♥♥♥♥ing game but it so fun to play it
,Recommended,250400,11586991,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,_scarything,Teaches you How to Survive.
,Recommended,250400,12648877,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,StolenSweaters,fun
,Recommended,250400,12668792,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,HANDSOME AS FFFF,its fun
76561198078610605,Recommended,250400,12641849,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Bashar al-Assad,I recomand this game
,Recommended,250400,10055993,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Raza,"not bad crafting system if i do say so with parts u get etc if u like games were u n sustinance to survive  u wil like this game coz u have to take 4 things into consideration 1=HEALTH 2=HUNGER 3=THIRST 4=TIREDNESS on the + u get skills which help u also survive like 1st skill u get lets u start fires to cook etc, hope more uds come out for this game not bad effort if more 1st person cud come into it wud be cool also , £12 aint 2 biger margin for games 2day still this game is good and different also 2 most zombie games this game reminds me of path of exile style graphics , also i like the ideaology into the weapons on here there not ur usualy weapons u get in zombie games they might sound similar but there looks r miles apart shud tweek this game up ridiculous score 60 tho bit unfair in rating more like a 70 - 75 after few uds i bet game wil be better they n 2 fine polish graphics and icons in game etc"
,Recommended,250400,16405554,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,John Rambo,"Just buy this game already, look how cheap it is!"
,Recommended,250400,10662962,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lynn,How to survive is an zombie RPG-ish hack'n slash like game.Pro's+ Awesome animations+ Fun way to bring the tutorials+ A lot of stuff to craft+ Game looks pretty beautiful+ Nice combat with a ton of weapons and enemies.Con's- Sometimes combat can be a tad clunky- Only a limited ammount of skillsOverall i am pleasantly surprised by the game and didn't expect it to be this much fun.I'd give it an 8/10 for now. Worth the money for sure (and its on sale).
,Recommended,250400,10144301,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Nuka_Boy,Awesome game! Must have!
,Not Recommended,250400,28154921,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bloodlessninja,"Sadly i have to not reccomend but i will say this,i definentally reccomend for zombie crafting players out there,dont reccomend for people who are looking for a sandbox game or crafting game or even a action game it failed its combat,but i still will play once in a while one half of me says play the crap out of it and the other says burn it to flames 7/10"
76561198130418400,Recommended,250400,12000710,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Travis,This is a very good survival base on being able to craft to get better equipment and health items. It will take a lot of time to figure how to craft everything and you lvl just fast enough to get top lvl by the end of the game. there are also different types of zombies to go against thar have diffrent attacks. the story is very small though and they made challenges to make up for that. you can play the game co-op of solo it is completely up to you. I could not find anyone else that played this game so i played solo through the whole thing. I have to say this is one of my top zombie survival games i played.
76561198099243925,Recommended,250400,12583250,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,jdp0220,"I got this game on sale for less than $4 and I can say it's a total steal at that price.  I'd say it may even worth the full price of $14.99.  I've logged a few hours playing with my daughter in co-op mode.  The only complaint I have is that managing the hunger aspect of the game is a bit of a pain as food is too scarce.  Healing is also a bugger as plants and health kits are also about as rare as hens teeth. Overall, I've been enjoying this game, would buy it all over again and would recommend it to a friend, especially if it's on sale."
76561198073980701,Recommended,250400,12712021,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,PleaseDon'tHurtMe,"WOW, get this on sale folks it is a real good game!!"
76561197974104970,Recommended,250400,12745670,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DeathKnight,It look cool and fun to play
76561198077134005,Recommended,250400,12756625,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Joker,"Only an few minutes into the game and i already fallen in love with it.For those survival fan out there this game is a MUST HAVE!Now it must look like a typical zombie game but its game mechanic is the best out of all Zombie survival game out there. The only the bad thing is that there are no reliable storage system to save the item you wanted later like a chest or safe house.Regardles,you wont regret having it~!"
76561197999585005,Recommended,250400,12757146,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,T.W.K.II,"It's a good game, BUT it is not a game you can replay after beating it.i will say the first time was good but the Islands are TOO small, the mobs AI's are VERY dumb (but hey THEY are zombies).The crafting System in the game is good, the weapons are good as well and the perks are easy to use, also the map helps out a lot with missions very well unlike most games. but as i said the major down side are the Islands ARE TOO SMALL and the lay out stays the same Every time making it a game that is fun to play through just once,and no even if there will be a DLC that I have to buy to get more I wont unless its $1 or $2.The game is a 1 Playthrough wonder but not a bad one, BUT for $5 yes $15 NO."
,Recommended,250400,12706908,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TheDragonEXO,"Cool game! But it could use some more areas, more side quests with action, daily quests and a lobby where you can see players and trade with them or fight with them in a special pvp arena."
,Recommended,250400,12716745,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MasterOfHope,A very fun and good gaming experience. An absolute steal at $2.99 (or with all DLC for $4.00).
,Recommended,250400,12811954,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hadji (No Food),This game kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥ I bought this game for 4 dollars (with dlcs) and I love the game. I can't wait until it goes on sale again so that I can buy it for my cousin.
,Recommended,250400,12754891,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,MasNoreh,"This game is really good. When i bought it and had a look at the screenshots i wasn't really impressed, however the gameplya and the use of imagiation in the game have really brought it together. I like this game alot. Its one of those games that you need a friend to play with to be able to have more fun than what you usually would. I like how its no first person- there are too many games liek that. Thats what this game brings. A difference. I want to say that the online system is good, however the connection between players is poor as me and my friend at first found it a little hard to roam around with all of the stoapges needed to be made. I also don't like the quick constant spawn of zombies that appear as soon as you leave an area. There should be a bigger spawn time. But I like the crafting system and hunting system in the game. If i had to rate this, It would be 9/10 for the online and 10/10 for the game experience."
76561197985078154,Recommended,250400,12714848,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Gausson,"The KB & mouse control annoyed me for the whole tutorial time, BUT after I switch to a controller it completely changed the world. This game is made for controller. Feel very natural. eg. I have to dodge and fight very cautiously when using KB & mouse, but when using controller I chased them back like an infected myself XDI couldn't sleep well in the first night after playing this, always thinking the ways to beat them or combining items etc. Obviously the symptom of an addict!"
,Recommended,250400,9890949,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,znd,"How to Survive was a very pleasant surprise. H2S is an isometric survival RPG set on zombie infested islands. The story is nothing to write home about - you're trapped on these islands and need to find parts for your plane to escape. But H2S perfectly scratches that itch that everyone has for killing hordes of zombies with a chainsaw and blowing their heads off with a shotgun. The game doesn't take itself too seriously, but the light-hearded humour and the bizzare characters in the campaign fit in well with the ridiculousness of murdering millions of zombies while weaing a head made out of an angry tapir's face (yes, you can do that). The crafting system is intuitive and keeping track of your hunger, thirst and need for rest adds an element of realism. There are some complaints. Gameplay itself can become a little repetitive, especially with the fast zombie respawns. However, H2S's strongest point is the co-op play. The campaign is a total blast to play with a friend, either locally or online. It's not a surival simulator, but H2S is a solid mix of action, crafting and survival and is well worth a play."
,Recommended,250400,12717660,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Naughtyymonk,"Im not really a zombie kind of guy, but this game is ♥♥♥♥ign awesome. If its on sale WAY worth the moeny to play this. If it's not, WAY worth the moeny to play this. Very fun mechanics, good story so far, things just keep getting better. Definitley soemthign to buy and check out."
76561198065130231,Recommended,250400,11016834,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Valkyrie,This game is crazy guys!!!!
,Recommended,250400,13902598,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,g4r15 / chinmi,"lag banget pas maen co op, dah gitu kalo maen story mode co op, player yang menjadi host bakalan dapet semua item2 story yang diberikan oleh NPC, sementara player 2 yang jadi guest pasrah aja musti nyari sendiri dari world-nya. agak menyebalkan hidup jadi player guest disini, sangat diskriminatif sekali. bikin males dah maennya...tapi kalo soal fun sich... ya adalah fun-nya..... feel survivalnya dapet, maen co-op tolol2an dan goblok2an di sini...lagian juga pas beli lagi diskon cuman belasan ribu perak, lebih murah daripada sekali makan di warteg. jadi ya worth it lah...."
76561198052839896,Recommended,250400,11129854,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Del,"Fun, casual, laid-back isometric zombie shooter with a fairly decent crafting system. Story and dialogue are a little lacking, many elements are old and overused (what can you expect from another zombie survival game?), and there's not a whole lot of replayability, but nonetheless, it's definitely a great little game worth the price if you're looking for a cheap(ish), quick buy.Oh, and Kovac is a boss.8/10"
,Recommended,250400,13024380,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Everything's Heresy,"A change from most survival games, this game feels fresh and right out of the oven, and just like newly made bread, it feels good, it looks good, and it pays off, this is a game that unlike most zombie survivals makes you feel like you are learning as you play it, every step you make its one more step to a better you, the way this tutorial is presented trough out the game is really silly and funny but it will give you the information you need. On the other hand, personally it crashes for me when i sometimes sleep, or im reaching certain areas, i noticed this is completly random and seems to be trigered by magic. as for dlc, i wouldt worry too much, worth it on an offert sale, otherwise just ignore it and enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,250400,13099384,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,L Band,"Unique crafting dungeon crawler. Solid game. Not a blockbuster, but worth the price and worth checking out."
,Recommended,250400,10859792,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Phyraxic,"The video's a pretty good indication of what the gameplay and style is like, and I think it's really fun. :DScrew those first-person open world multiplayer survival games that are all in early access atm. :P"
76561198035133938,Recommended,250400,12717413,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,mythik,"This game is a nice little time waster, i haven't put many hours into it as of yet, but the time i did spend playing, i found to be enjoyable. I just can't seem to get addicted to it, the game play is just lacking. I felt as though i was grinding trivial quests rather than surviving, the food, hunger and sleep mechanics can be a pain for the most part. But once you get a nice little routine going, it's almost unnoticable.Overall its a decent game, good for the sale price, NOT the full price."
,Recommended,250400,12751688,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Modzog hellcase.com,"(I played only single player story mode) Not bad so far. Easy to understand. I like game mechanics, charcter advancement and crafting system.  Dificulty seems to be right. What I hate is camera position and its movemet. It makes the game quite often very confusing and player can do nothing about that. I wish camera angle was adjustable If not freely then at least in 90 degree steps. That would make the game much better. Because sometimes Im surounded by zombies an some fuc.ing obstacle like tree or shack prevents me to see my charcter and its frustrating when I die becuse I dont see properly what is going on. Anyway If you like zombie games I recomend to get it. Best during some special offer :-) Its not perfect but Its  quite enjoyable. Getting it for a deal price (like during this haloween special steam deal) its not definitely a disapointment :-) At least not for me :-)"
76561197976992711,Recommended,250400,12760942,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kevin,"What a addicting game! Has a diablo feel to it,Craftable items, very fun to play!"
,Recommended,250400,12762862,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,The Blade,Build something to kill stuff and learn a bit about survival. Its great!!!!!!
,Recommended,250400,12700187,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,†☣GhouL☠_hellcase.com,its a fun game but i was playing it all night then slept 3 hours but i dindt have work in the morning i played it again but my computer broke i dont know how but i remeber i buyed this game for 3.99 in its first realese a cool game buyed and make your friends buyed because co-op is awsome. :D peace
,Recommended,250400,12765756,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Quini,Kovac's Rules FTW !Buy this game.. and laugh ^^.I want his survival book in RL O.O *sigh*
,Recommended,250400,12723906,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,I_am_D,"i bought this game on 80% sale... do you like killing zombies? do you like survival ? well, this is it.... i'm a bit tired of fps zombies.. and this is the different way of killing zombies i've never played before... plus survival... i like the way of crafting something.... it's awesome.... i dont try the multiplayer.. yet... but this is... wesome... just buy it...."
76561198079089319,Recommended,250400,12728712,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Miller,great game only played it for 2 hours so farcamera can be weird sometimes but you are still able to see whats going onwish to see a game like this in first person and be bale to make guns out of random parts
,Recommended,250400,12762608,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,jjrr410,:D
76561197989208370,Recommended,250400,12703802,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Denied Justice,"when i first started playing i was like ...eh.....then i caught myself looking at the clock going oh crap i need to go to bed.....so yea its fun, i think i had the most fun with the stuff i found and the easy crafting is pretty cool, i had a fishing pole, a doublebladed boomerang and a full auto machine pistol...so yea i its addictive...*two thumbs up"
,Recommended,250400,10232596,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Slimypeople48,"For $3.74 this is a good little, game i've gotten more than 6 hours out of it and still having fun"
76561198129969912,Recommended,250400,12474452,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,tastypinkbanana,Not bad
,Recommended,250400,16646397,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,iQ Greygnarl,You can see where your friends died.RIP/10
76561198134122159,Recommended,250400,13518494,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fire,So Fun
76561198119663000,Recommended,250400,13520018,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hitme,Good game :>
76561198107154981,Recommended,250400,13572271,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mr.Dr.Professor,"Nice game, i defenetly recommend it ;)"
76561198032853485,Recommended,250400,13878911,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Refuse2Lose,Story mode is pretty good couldn't try the other modes yet but they look nice. Definitely a great steal from steam store with %90 discount...Must buy !
,Recommended,250400,26328590,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,JoeMcSlug  | YOLO,i lover it
76561198043708369,Recommended,250400,23992182,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,darkkeeper,"Fun little survival game. Easy to pick up, with enough direction to get you going but there is still some experimenting and fun to be had."
,Recommended,250400,22783319,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Neon4D,"I have only played this for about approx 5 minutes as of writing this review. But I have one thing to say. IF I EVER FIND THAT F*CKING PARROT THAT KEEPS SAYING ""HI"" TO ME EVERY FEW SECONDS I WILL SHOVE THAT HI UP ITS F*CKING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND STRANGLE IT TO DEATH AND EAT ITOh... yeah its a decent game so farEdit: About 100 mins into the game and i finally found the f*cking parrot. It gave me a quest to find it fruit..... What the ♥♥♥♥ is this game....."
76561198120538170,Recommended,250400,10396775,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Pimp Named SlickBack,This game has potential written all over it even though most is exposed there is just one thing that I feel you can change the thing is the menus in the game my kid used to play this game all the time the only thing that freaked him out were those two zombies on the menus they scare him and quite frankly they scare me too I was hoping you could either get rid of them or change their hideous appearence
76561198019421877,Recommended,250400,13646484,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tuna G.,"Got this through steam sale with 80 percent off.And I must say this is a damn good game for that price.As much as I would like to see an unlimited mode (One shot escape without only one life) and more of crafting and improving houses, this game is good this way."
,Recommended,250400,13499559,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ЛЫЛ)),Frigging Santas. And gravestones everywhere. I don't want to see everywhere that gravestones.And graphics. It's previous generation. No antialiasing. Cross-trees and cross-bushes.But anyway interesting game. Walk@kill
19459548584812818,Recommended,250400,22790701,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,booZe,This game... Holy sheit I love it
,Recommended,250400,22803942,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Couyfish,"Other than the FREAKING AWFUL multiplayer camera, I love this game!"
,Recommended,250400,13614584,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,</Drakke85>,Lots of Fun :)
,Not Recommended,250400,14199128,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Ronki,The premise sounds interesting and I'd love to continue exploring this world but a bug crashing my client at the same spot keeps me from continuing the story. Shame.
76561198018788826,Recommended,250400,22420157,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Not bad, it has a nice difficulty curve, a blast with a friend, and (spoiler ) the boomerang is an instrument of god."
,Recommended,250400,22389450,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,The Funkasaurus,After playing this game I wish it would have taught me how to not survive anymore
76561197972289378,Not Recommended,250400,16569885,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jayzus™,"the worst game in my steam collection, xbox port with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay and graphics - they even have the xbox buttons onscreen!Do not buy - even at €1.49 this game is a total waste of money"
76561198068286142,Recommended,250400,10389967,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,MrWaffles,when it was on sale for 3 bucks deff worth it good game but short
76561198117190215,Recommended,250400,16394680,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jali,damn 74 cent. wish I had of got it at this time lmao. Love this game though. It's awesome
76561198026571935,Recommended,250400,12485720,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Yx Leathersoul,Fun as Hell!
,Recommended,250400,12485076,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kawaii Communist,"So much fun, I have played many surival games but this one is the best out of all of them."
,Recommended,250400,12484661,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,/*ZEUS*/,"Got this game on sale and I have to say it's a lot better than what I thought it would be. If you are deciding to buy based on the meta score, it's more like a 80 than a 60. I just started but so far, it's been great. Definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,250400,11707800,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Shotty NoX,"Pretty cool game, well worth a buy, at least when its on sale -7/10"
,Recommended,250400,27554705,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,astarr,"Great story and gameplay. A lot of new and interesting components for an action-RPG zombie game, like crafting and the aiming system. There's a lot of interesting weapons and variations to choose from. I haven't been able to play with friends online yet, but there are plenty of extra missions to keep the game interesting and replay value up."
,Recommended,250400,18849712,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Shadow Moses OG,I don't care what anyone says about the voice acting. I still like the game.
,Recommended,250400,12478829,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SalzigProjekt,"its amazing, gameplay so well and the crafting its perfect!!"
,Recommended,250400,12492447,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NanLover,really fun game it can get annoying i give it 10/10
,Recommended,250400,12491553,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,I T I S L I T.cancer.tendies,10/10 would buy again and suggest to all my friends to get it ... this game is a classic ... its like a indie version of dead island !!!!
76561198010014952,Recommended,250400,12495046,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SoW slimpyman,Game is a bit rough around the edges but the gameplay is pretty fun... Grab a few beers and get a friend. Game is funny as balls.
,Recommended,250400,12561958,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,α Thug Aim Ω,"The Brief:Co-op on How to Survive is fun, albeit buggy and crash-prone.Single Player is the same as Co-op without another person, literally. The same...Weapon selection is okay. You can craft some things early, others not so early.One major thing hit me, and really bothered me...""TBD""I saw TBD on a best I made with an iron fork thinger and a bullet proof vest... As in TBD item of clothing..As in DLC Maybe? I bought the DLC pack, but seeing an item labeled ""TBD""I don't think I have the Diablo DLC, yet, but seeing an item partially made that has to be completed within DLC is disheartening... It takes away from the game.Short:Buy it for Co-Op.Expect BugsExpect half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥implementation of some crafting recipes.It's fun, but it definitely has it's downfalls. Buy it on sale. ON SALE!"
76561198116257974,Recommended,250400,18263314,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Capt.Boomerang,advantages-real survival simulation genre-open world gameplay-interesting tools: recycling items and craft specific weapons and supplies-many side quests-some kind of zombies comes indie-challenging difficultydisadvantages-still the same campaign example (over and over again)-some buggies appear-some boring questsat last-nice gameplay anywayResult=8.7/10
76561198032897383,Recommended,250400,18072957,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,cyberSpice,Technically simple but is very interesting zombie-survival game on the wild islands. Most time you have to fight with enemies and craft more effective weapons and other things. With the 75% discount or more is excellent purchase. Kovacs recommends!
76561198049501123,Recommended,250400,12591629,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,draykorinee,"A must have buy for zombie fans, its a lot of fun, its basic and sometimes repetitive and rough around the edges but I think they did a fantastic job."
,Recommended,250400,12544034,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,KilleR_UnammeD*,"When i bought the how to surive dead summer days bundle, i thought this is gona be Awesome!! but i forgot to look what are the minimal requirements for this game, i downloaded it and CRASH, then i looked and i was like F### me, my advise before you buy somthing look at the minimal requirements couse oh my god, i FaceDesked so hard that it hurt all night.P.S. Sorry for bad english."
76561198133989441,Recommended,250400,12825266,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kaiden,this is a really good game because i like zombie killing games and hunger and thirst kinds of survival games
,Recommended,250400,12572143,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,daboku,"Despite a frustrating aiming system and a sometimes unforgiving difficulty curve, HTS was a pleasant surprise. If you can pick it up on sale, I'd recommend it, but not otherwise."
,Recommended,250400,12807999,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hollow,"This is a great survival game. Fun , easy to pick up and put down. The only thing I was not pleased with was how long it took me before I bought it on the steams."
76561198055725528,Recommended,250400,12787195,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Finmaxe,"The best zombie survival I have ever played!It's awesome how you can create your own armor and all kinds of weapons.This game is also very realistic. For example you need to eat, drink, sleep etc. to survive.The story is also very good and the game is also really funny! I just love Kovac's Rules :D"
,Recommended,250400,12793006,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Corpus,"Im not usually a huge fan of the massive influx of zombie games, but this one is definitely unique and refreshing, not only for the zombie game linup but for games in general. Its action packed, quirky, and a riot with friends. I highly recommend it."
76561198089269442,Recommended,250400,12795244,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Star,"Another zombie game! I like this game for a variety of reasons. I like the storyline its clear enough that you can follow it without making you feel forced down a path.The game has the usual zombie killing but also the added bonus of when you find a shelter you first have to go through a zombie killing spree before you can actually be safe, definitely enjoyed this aspect of the game.The tips are a bit annoying imo, and I would rather just read them myself then have what became the ""annoying guy"" talking to me, but I just skipped past them so they were not a big deal.With a range of weapons and crafting with a few different locations thrown in this is a good fun game to pass time playing."
,Recommended,250400,23752377,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,✪ henzzo,bota like
76561198046504086,Not Recommended,250400,25495127,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Chaoimin,"Played the first 5 minutes with a friend. The screen doesn't focus on your character alone, so you're forced to play together and can't do your own thing. This makes combat very strange, since if player one walkes one way and the other gets attacked, he or she can't walk that way since the screen won't focus on the player. Movies don't work but they're a critical part in understanding the game. Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,250400,18164935,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,theglasskat,"Very cool game. Not nessisarily in my top ten, but definitely worth a play. Especially if you can find it for less than $10."
,Not Recommended,250400,33065652,Posted: 30 June,all,Andryvision09,Lástima que haya terminado así.
76561197994580964,Recommended,250400,12568452,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,The discontent,Great game and exactly what I expected! Fairly disapointed you can't have co-op on 2 PC though but instead can only do it on one PC with gamepad and keyboard I think anyway as far as I can tell.
,Not Recommended,250400,8558886,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,wooly-back-jack,"seems like it would be a fun game and a nice change if it worked, or if any of the Devs read the steam forums.http://steamcommunity.com/app/250400/discussions/1/810939350824776912/until that issue is sorted, it's a thumbs down.At the moment all I can do with it is alt-tab to farm my game card drops"
,Recommended,250400,12500337,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,TheGuys4746,I think this game is fun when im playing it in daylight but when it gets dark im not good at surviving. i like this game alot and it is for people who are pros at survival games.
,Recommended,250400,12503190,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,purfumy_funk,"Good for at least one play through. The challenges are ok. I like the leveling up idea, just wish there were more options to choose from."
76561197999082208,Not Recommended,250400,10030184,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Doc Maccinakloutos,"to make it simple, lots of potential, a proper recipe system base, nice gun ideas...BUT all of this feels incomplete, clunky...also, the zombies are either stupidly easy to kill, either take your whole machinegun mags like a charm....I loved it at the start, then began to loose interest in it. i decided to stop before getting to hate it.far from good, but not that bad. AVOID THE DLC's, these are just player milking devices.49%"
,Recommended,250400,24025596,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,-TheZyg3LA csgobounty.com,good
,Recommended,250400,23914050,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Citrus,"it's a charming little game. feels like one of them flash games you played in high school during lunch before they blocked all the game sites. only thing I didn't like was the save points, but that's very small."
,Recommended,250400,11995040,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Sprinkle The Dutch,Good game i got it in beta so it was free for me :D. Havent played a lot after update but will put later comment.
76561198040696359,Recommended,250400,11287373,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,wonjin72,"Good game. Good action, nice shooting like the old classic game 'Alien Shooter', and a few melee attacks. Survival elements like getting foods and water add a nice flavor, but it is not the core of this game. If you are an experienced player of similar shooting or action games, I suggest the hard difficulty mode (Iron Man) from the begining, then you will taste a lot of deaths and alertness and some thrill."
,Recommended,250400,9074126,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,TM,Fun little indy game that is also cooperative multiplayer.  It runs well and is humorous.
76561198071354834,Recommended,250400,11138010,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,geoffcs,good to play after a hard day at work!  While predictable its also addictive in the need to create the weapons needed to win
76561198059110645,Recommended,250400,12012751,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,"Flamingkitty ""Skill Of Noob""","How to survive (or DiHydrogen sulphate, acoring to the taskbar icon) is an amazing bird's eye view 3rd person survival game that always reminds me of Path of Exile, even though they are completly different games. For the low price of jsut 15$, you get hours of zombie killing fun. The combat system is amazing, the crafting mechanic is simple and efficient and the game's first boss fight gave me a great rush of adrenaline mixed in with "" Nope nope nope nopenopenope get away from me oh♥♥♥♥♥♥oh♥♥♥♥♥♥""."
,Recommended,250400,12802594,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,iluha565,ПрикольноЕсть даже multiplayer.
76561198008968635,Not Recommended,250400,14651429,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Anoffdutyninja,"The game is okay, Like Diablo 2 mix with Dead Island, game idea"
76561198047693768,Recommended,250400,12475178,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ShadowMoses,"I'm about 48% through the game after having bought it 6 hours ago. I love it. I'm hard to please when it comes to games. This one, I only have 1 gripe about, and it's not a big one. The gameplay is smooth and polished, the combat is a pleasure, and the crafting... Oh, God, The crafting. Just all around Excellent. I don't see a lot of people playing this game, and that's a shame."
,Recommended,250400,12475680,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Alpha Ghost,well what can i say apart from i pay 30 odd pund for a game and is not has much fun its a steal at this price get it ..
76561198114105692,Recommended,250400,15937577,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,KSP,"Such a cool game to play but... , but the only problem is there are only few players player coopbut overall this game is awesome !"
,Recommended,250400,15777064,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Sky Strider,"Play this game longer than a few hours!! Me and my friend were getting a little bored of the game until a field boss suddenly appeared. It was so exciting and our motivation to keep playing improved. Don't judge the game until you visit 3 or 4 islands, it's a very interesting game :)"
,Recommended,250400,16715007,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,♀iYA♀,Kovac's Rules :D 10/10awesome survival game I ever played (thought this is my first time survival game :D)+Local coop is fun but sharing foods and medicines are more lot harder need to grind first before go on the story
76561198202121230,Recommended,250400,16738379,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Closed,This game so fun for me ;)
76561198281826702,Recommended,250400,22821340,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Diamond Xtreme,Good Game!
,Recommended,250400,22875281,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,paC,"Good game, my friend, good game!"
76561198229993404,Recommended,250400,22931649,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,mantas,Very funny game i realy liked it! :)
,Recommended,250400,24093266,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,(QC) Alt_Cap,"It's a very addictive game. I only tested the story mode and it has already convinced me. The crafting, gameplay and survival is nicely done. I would have love more crafting but the game is really better than I thought so.It's a great game to buy when on sales with all its DLC."
,Recommended,250400,22812130,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Luv2Kil,"I know i don't have much time logged. That being said i can tell just from the bit i have played this is going to be fun. Just died for the first time due to something in the water. Path of Exile meets Zombie survival game.... plays very well. controls and ui are a bit different but easy to get used to. nice crafting system. glad to see some sort of talent tree involved. very very well worth the $15. However, snagged this great game for $1.50.... get it while its cheap!"
76561198144492030,Recommended,250400,22894809,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,DILLIGAF!,"Great craft system, very addictive and surprises around every corner."
,Recommended,250400,22946316,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ainsz,I like this GAME :)
76561198057600045,Recommended,250400,29151810,Posted: 9 January,all,thevibe27,"Great unique survivor game, open world, a lot of of loots, crafted equipement. The DLC is great too. I recommend to anyone who like this style of game. A++"
,Recommended,250400,25256768,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Rengerais™,"Pretty fun game. Crafting system works pretty well and the combat is simple yet fun. The added couch co-op is always a nice plus and probably the best way to enjoy the game. The only problem would be replayability since the only thing to come back for is to beat it on a harder difficulty. But hey, for the price tag I definitely recommend giving it a shot."
,Recommended,250400,23412632,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,OMGiTzSara!,""" How to Survive "" is like a Runescape/H1Z1 gameplay perfectly done. <3"
,Recommended,250400,23280452,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Annoying Orange,"I'm not really into this kind of games once it was on sale for 1,81 euros i said why not give it a shot!Yeah i loved it!!!Cool game Epic soundtracks in situations while there are many zombies/Near zombies/Strong Like zombie boss fight.If you are into zombies/survival game types then you should buy it.Thanks For Reading <3"
76561198044016548,Recommended,250400,8132581,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TheProphet,"Very good game that kept me on the edge of my seat at times.  I wish there were a couple more achievements to keep my attention and the inventory was larger, but overall I recommend the game."
,Recommended,250400,12533242,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SpacePope42,I am amazed at how much fun this game is. Get it!
76561198013157097,Recommended,250400,12423494,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Cackslopper,"Crap really, but for some reason could not stop playing it right till the end!"
,Recommended,250400,12476218,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,the22766,Honestly Its actually a very very good game. I highly reccomend it to any of my friends
,Recommended,250400,12481496,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tjw,This game is AWANSOME really ! The gameplay is just great ;) Good fun wiht this game.
,Not Recommended,250400,10221784,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Project,Very bad controls.  You can't click to move in the style of Diablo type games. Clearly a console game that was ported to PC.
76561198090029076,Recommended,250400,10256430,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jihadi John on Speed,THIS GAME IS AMAZING BUY NOW!
76561198051805350,Recommended,250400,10275544,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Gil9amesh,survive
76561198151603922,Recommended,250400,12460488,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,itsme_oncemore,Needed just a little more survivel and more story... other than same story and diologe for all caracters GRATe game needs another one.this time though alow real custome  armors and weapons not preset custome other than that awesome job85/100 making your own resting place would have been harder and funner. another thing is malee on this game 95% useless and not to spoil any thing but BOOM=INSTA death
,Recommended,250400,12479334,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Xenoranger,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wjfu8GynrQ
76561198035603858,Recommended,250400,10282750,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Stewe,Its a good and funny game i love it :)
,Recommended,250400,9028181,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Kuka Mama,"Памятка на случай зомби-апокалипсиса:10 основополагающих пунктов из книги Макса Брукса (кстати, это сын того самого Мэла Брукса) The Zombie Survival Guide — эпичного справочника по выживанию в случае зомби-апокалипсиса.-Подготовься, прежде, чем они восстанут!-Они не чувствуют страха — почему ты должен чувствовать?-Пользуйся своей головой — отрубай головы им.-Клинки не требуют перезарядки.-Идеальная защита — обтягивающая одежда, короткие волосы.-Поднимись по лестнице, затем разрушь ее.-Брось автомобиль, пересядь на мотоцикл.-Будь в движении, будь незаметен, будь бесшумен, будь настороже.-Безопасных мест нет, есть лишь безопаснее, чем это.-Зомби могут уйти, но угроза останется.-Лазерная указка может избавить от неумения стрелять.-ВСЕГДА один патрон себе! Но не заряжай его в магазин ибо можешь его проебать — выстрелить им. Найди другой пистолет и держи его при себе.Другая памятка:-Не паникуй.-Зомби-апокалипсис прекрасная мотивация для занятий спортом! В спортивной форме ты всегда сможешь убежать от зомби!-Захвати еду, питьевую воду, радиоприёмник, фонари, оружие и отступай в безопасное место.-В качестве точки для обороны лучше выбрать большой магазин или торговый центр (вот только не в электроники, ты же не будешь жрать телевизоры, да?) — там не будет проблем с едой и припасами.-Держись как можно дальше от плотно населенных районов — там будет больше всего заражённых.-Забаррикадируй все выходы, держись любой ценой.-Не позволяй окружить себя, не дай загнать себя в угол или какое-либо тесное пространство.-Помни, любой человек, укушенный или убитый зомби — прямая угроза тебе и твоим товарищам. Убей его, пока он не убил тебя.-Терпеливо ожидай помощи, но готовься к долгому выживанию.-Никогда не идите в места, где тишина. Там могут быть зомби.-Если убить зомби, обмазать одежду мертвечиной, возможно вы станете своим среди чужих.-Лучший совет по выживанию — запомнить как поступают ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ в фильмах про зомби и делать наоборот."
,Recommended,250400,16760064,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,King Tim,WOW! This review is so awesome.-King TimI wish I could write this review-Unoriginal piece of sh*tAArghghrgh garghhherg-Zombiez
,Recommended,250400,10154820,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,xXmafiaXx-Roly,its amazing i love it < everyone should get it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250400,10176740,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Raddicus Finch,Simple top-down zombie game. Pretty relaxed. Crafting is more about improvement. Great co-op play.
76561198015833161,Not Recommended,250400,8271435,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sparkle Princess,The game is on the crap side.  I though it would have been decent and it was okay for 1 play through. MISLEADING!! There was no MULTIPLAYER. Minigames do not count.
76561198018646433,Recommended,250400,12763563,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Chefkush,"I love this game.  I love the idea, and new take on the genre.  I hope to see random ""endless"" sandbox mode and more loot in the future.  Thank you."
76561198009842113,Recommended,250400,12482932,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,PintoBean,"Quick update to say I voted this game for:""Best Use of an Improvised Weapon Award""How did I miss this gem!?Snatch meets Sean of the Dead."
76561198030065724,Recommended,250400,12729475,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Faost !?,"Really surprising good game; a mixture of different kind of genres in a way, stirred up in a pot. Tastes like Brains."
,Recommended,250400,14731199,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,hehe,normal
,Recommended,250400,16694799,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Kanna is Life,Quite a nice basic survival game that gives you the countless hours of fun.
,Recommended,250400,12506991,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Kevin Universe,Probably the best game i ever bought.LOVE IT.
76561198024662739,Not Recommended,250400,9133090,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mr. Book,"This game was a huge disappointment. I really wanted to like it. There are some cool things like combining items to make weapons and ammo, but it gets old fast and the three different characters don't feel distinct enough.  Elements of the controls make fighting large hordes of zombies awkward. When you die it tends to be because you just couldn't get your character to run in the right direction. Aiming  can be equally a pain as the auto tracking jumps everywhere. I have to say I haven't hated a game this much in a long time. The sprinkles on top are the odd bugs like the cursor vanishing randomly until you exit out the menu or sound effects from your weapons continuing on in a loop after you've fired. The only thing i regret more than buying this is the fact that I wasted 14 hours of my life hoping this would get better. You can't polish a turd."
76561198050229347,Recommended,250400,12471534,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,VidyaGamer,Wait for the sale.
,Recommended,250400,16582630,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rogudask,it was on sale so i just bought it
,Not Recommended,250400,9263898,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Salvador Taco,"I really wish I could love this game, but this game leaves me in saddness. I played enough of this game to see where it was going, it was fun at first, but the other people in this game just leaves you bored, and wanting them to just die already.this game only drags you on to get to know the main guy, and that guy is Kovac. I really liked what they did for him, He reminded me of a guy in borderlands, but if that is the only reason for playing then you sould just skip this game all together or watch a youtube video on itNow I do have a good part to say about itThe graphics are really nice, and the diablo feel of fighting feels nice, and not clunky, and that is really all I haveNow for one more bady part about this game is the co-op... I played this game with my girlfriend, and how she felt in the game was like a helper in fable two, meaning she was freaking useless, and the game used her like there wasn't a co-op player. That pisses me offSKIP THIS GAME!"
76561198043071313,Recommended,250400,12751499,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dede Buu,GOOD
,Recommended,250400,12753465,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,GloBul,2 days 11 hours played. Just can`t stop playing it DAMN GOOD GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250400,12748821,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DI.Get ¯|_(ツ)_|¯ Juked,10/10 perfect game.I'm having allot of fan surviving in these islands!The carfting is very cool.Try multyplayer mode with your friends :)
76561198086832751,Recommended,250400,12753084,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,OrangePhoenix,"this game is good 7,5/10"
,Recommended,250400,12732933,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DevilLime,Its very enjoyble to play :)
,Not Recommended,250400,8573579,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scorpion,"The game is short. Worse, it is a grinding game that is maxed at level 15 which limits skills learnt based on different character. Crafting logic is average and is limited. contextual controls is a little illogical. Some may say that there is more to come as there is download content section but the whole core of the game was a little bad. I have never played Diablo 3 before but I would rather play Diable 3 than How to Survive..."
,Recommended,250400,33777669,Posted: 24 July,all,Dahaka,"One of the best survival games i had the pleasure to play, theres a lot of crafting, different ways to kill zombies and the dlc base defense thing is really fun."
,Recommended,250400,13531079,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nes,I hate Santa Big Fat Claus
76561198131117515,Recommended,250400,13597005,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kisuke Urahara,great
76561198073305695,Recommended,250400,12562452,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,CAPTAIN_APPLE,this game is awesome but no one plays it anymore
76561198078357968,Recommended,250400,12591047,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sushichops,"This game is such an addicting game. It combines the fighting aspect like Diablo and the crafting of it too but puts it in a more ""realistic"" frame of reference. The story line is very enertaining, and it is made in such a way that you could just kill zombies all day. LOVE IT"
,Recommended,250400,12722774,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CPLWeeks,"Very enjoyable! Think Diablo; with thirst, hunger, fatigue, and crafting in the middle of a zombie apocalypse."
,Recommended,250400,13494535,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,🅿🅴🆃🅴🆁🆃🅾🆁🅴🆂🅲🆄🅴,LOL
76561198054340295,Recommended,250400,10621613,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GG,"Game is fun, lots of crafting and looting.loads of different zombies kinda like Left for Dead.buy this and lets play some co-op!"
76561198000763176,Not Recommended,250400,10821212,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,squidius11,I could take it or leave it.
76561198053546103,Recommended,250400,13415016,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Yarzl,You start as a superman without thirst or hunger and than BAM!!! You f*cking want to hunt that deer before it reaches the biggest horde of zombies you've ever seen... But no... And yo die when the deer lives! It stays alive among zombies! WTF?
,Recommended,250400,23474400,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,vasco1337,"I've always had a sweet spot for zombie games. Why? The BLOOD of course! Why else would I like them? Oh, and you can craft in this game as well...Its good Game 8/10"
,Recommended,250400,12477461,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Happy Dog,walked to the sea and got stuck 11/10
,Recommended,250400,12559505,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Donald the trump is swag daddy,pie
76561198038593911,Not Recommended,250400,10234407,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,spike11117,It's $3 I could have used on another game.Badly ported from consoles.
,Not Recommended,250400,10230678,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Overwatch,"Pre-purchased this game damn, what a dissapointment. Horrible repetitive gameplay, worse off graphics and a slick A to B storyline. Only thing good in this game are the lame jokes, and theyre realllllllllyyy lameeeeee."
76561197983237461,Not Recommended,250400,10229336,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Cuttlefish,Don´t buy this game pleas don´t do it. You might think i looks awsome but just dont do it. Save your money
76561198068178298,Not Recommended,250400,21062933,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Arcthurus,Too many Return to Desktop crashes got me to brake up gameplay after 10 hours of gameplay. Really sad because at the beginning it was real fun but after crashes and a little bit repetitive gameplay I quit now already 3 times...I'll just try it every few months but I fear it won't get better.
,Recommended,250400,7476635,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,b3Nign,Neatly combining a Twin Stick Shooter with touches of RPG. It definitely reminds me of Zax: The Alien hunter in a way but can´t quite reach the quality of it. Nonetheless. Definitely worth a playthrough despite a missing coop for the story mode.
76561198060722518,Recommended,250400,12702342,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Gandalf the Grey,"Fun game, worth the buy if its on sale. You can get your monies worth."
,Recommended,250400,12697959,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ZiD,so far so goodkilling and crafting 10/10
,Recommended,250400,12723550,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ok,"melee animations are a little wonky but great game, lots to craft"
,Recommended,250400,32120102,Posted: 1 June,all,1LastGame,"Not the worst game that I have ever played, far from perfect though. pick it up on sale if you can."
,Recommended,250400,13580012,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,T E R C Y D U C K,Like surviving? Here You GoLike Killing? Here You GOLike Crafting? Here you goSuch An addictive game
76561198043110374,Recommended,250400,12543152,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,pbigdawg30,"This game is awesome. a lot of things to do ,kill and craft. only thing i dont like is the lack of players online and that the online is only 1 other player besides yourself( im sure i got this game when ppl stopped playing). I wish more ppl still played or that they would make a newer version or updated. Besides that thumbs up"
,Recommended,250400,25260821,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,not a terrorist,"i really like this game, givin the fact i refunded it.i refunded the game cuz it was just not my type of game, not really into the whole idea of warding of extra mean zombies with a flashlight and having them come back. i see how most people would love this and i really did enjoy how the game works. i just thought this would be a diff kind of game, my bad for not looking into it more. im just gonna say this, buy it now while its cheap"
,Recommended,250400,13506093,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,EeeEeeEEEEEEEEeeee,really nice game
,Recommended,250400,13528470,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sticky,Kovac's Rules!
,Not Recommended,250400,9152796,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,[JAX] Scarecrow [JAX],"This Game is VERY Repetitive.  i mean, once you learn something through a character in the main story, you'll come across a Chapter in Kovac's Rules (The How to Survive Book) when you already know what to do in that chapter due to the character that has set you a mission telling you before.Enemy Design is just Recycled Zombies & Crawlers.During the Night, Crawlers will come out and you have to defend yourself using a Flashlight.. The Flashlight Controls are Terrible. I Couldn't even tell if i was controlling it with my Mouse or my Keyboard. Also something i found very funny, i had my control's set to Mouse & Keyboard, and it was showing me XBOX CONTROLS..Also, this Game Relies on it's Comedy Factor.. It's not at all Funny.  The Jokes & Comedy are Poorly Written, and the Voice Acting is the worst thing i've ever heard.. Because i can't even hear the dialog. the Music & Sound Effects took over character dialog which ment i had to read the subtitles. even if you turn down the sound effects & music, it doesn't adjust at all.All in all, if you want to pick this game up wait for it to go on sale. it's weak and doesn't deserve the limelight it has gotten when there are indie games out there that people actually take there time with.Game Score: 3/10"
76561197972232265,Recommended,250400,10263805,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Smike,not played this game this much because of the updates because when i play the game it will crash but dont worry the devs are fixing it :) the game looks cool and awsome cant wait to play it :) time to kill some zombies
76561198038261147,Recommended,250400,12729158,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DEATHTOLL,I have to say great game.. Alot of fun..Worth the price... Three words for you if you looking at this game and are like MEH... Just buy it!!!!
76561198003552620,Not Recommended,250400,8271027,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[PoE] confrication,"It's basically Crimsonland only boring.  You know who made this?  People who played Crimsonland and thought to themselves - ""yeah this is ok, but what it really needs is fewer enemies on screen, a boring storyline and some fiddly inventory management and crafting"".  So, idiots then."
,Not Recommended,250400,32972581,Posted: 28 June,all,Ryuichimaru,"bad control settings, pretty much single player game since the player 1 takes all the items. The game crashes every time you move to another island and fps randomly drops. smh"
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,250400,7469550,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Gorebane,"It's a sloppy quick buck game trying to cash in on the zombie craze.The combat is very weak and clumsy.The quests are 100% fetch quests which involve walking from A to B then back to A.The RPG component is basically non-existant.The UI is terribad, and obviously designed for consoles.The graphics are bad, even for an indie title.There is no save system beyond the awful console autosave. Even worse though, it doesn't save on quit, you need to either complete a mission or travel to a different island to save your game.A disappointment all round."
,Recommended,250400,23852636,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JCeQuitable,Good game.Zombies killing.Surviving.Crafting.Bad things are:Coop use the same screen.Itembox is so small.I got this one only 1/2 $.:) pls smile :)
76561198086317221,Not Recommended,250400,13816683,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,THE GaGa man,HOW TO SURVIVE How to surviveStep 1: Dont buy the gameStep 2: If you have bought the game dont play it and avoid as much as possibleStep 3: If you decide to start the game immediately stop before your tasty brains turn into unedible mushStep 4: If you are forced to play the game at gunpoint begin to bite into your wrists to remove your self from this situationThank you for your time
,Not Recommended,250400,9142009,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"This game is an absolute ♥♥♥♥ing mess. From the tone to the mechanics to the crafting system to the boss fight, there is always something to break.The game broke its own tone right from the start: It's the zombie apocalypse, except on an island! Oh, and there's two characters who the zombies run right past and ignore despite being fleshy treats to snack on. And there's also talking monkeys who ask you to find them gold artifacts. And you make your own guns. So it's a lot like Day of the Dead mixed with ♥♥♥♥ing Looney Tunes.I broke the crafting system progression by merely experimenting. I got the most powerful and cost efficient weapon (a three-winged boomerang covered in flint) not even halfway through just by ♥♥♥♥ing around with the crafting system, and only stopped using it to play with the other, more neglected weapons. I was able to make it even more powerful and game-breaky by using a redstone on it, which gives the weapon 50% more damage. This is like duct-taping Mjollnir to a ♥♥♥♥ing tactical thermonuclear missile.I broke the thin, easily controllable zombie hordes with my super-powerful boomerang. There are big boss zombies which are the Tanks from Left 4 Dead, but you can easily exploit the enviroment to keep them from ever reaching you while you make headshot after headshot on said boss zombie.The final horde battle is a 72-size Comic Sans exclamation point on the whole five page design document written by a high school kid hopped up on zombie films, Hunter S. Thompson's writing style, and Four Loko. In that battle, you're drawn into a seemingly unwinnable scenario, hitting all the zombies with everything you've got. It seems like a lost cause until you find the big cheat spot all the way on the western side of the arena, which has rocks that you can slowly climb up on and use to fall out of the boundaries of the arena. Then you can walk around the outside of said arena, pick the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t murder spot which suits your fancy the most, and effortlessly kill the ineffectual zombie hordes, including the Tank. When I did this in my playthrough, I lured most of the monsters under the bridge I was next to so they were humping the wall I was standing on, and threw Molotovs at them until the game told me I was the winner.HOWEVER: This game is still fun because it's so god damn broken, and I still recommend it over Dead Island. Dead Island is a real ♥♥♥♥ing snooze to play. However, I don't recommend it to anyone not interested in breaking video games over their goddamn knees."
76561198069268108,Recommended,250400,18913360,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,onamu,"This game is really meh, not really bad but not good enough. Just for few hours."
,Not Recommended,250400,10264746,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Eterno,"Where should i start... I don't know should i laugh or cry.At graphical and visual stand point game is quite good, but everything else is just dreadful.In game UI is just painful to watch, extremely small inventory (oh, you have chance to expand it only twice and even then it's not enough, 5 * 2 = 10, yeah, by 10 slots). It would make sense if you could actually craft stash and then put some items/tools in it, so you had bit space in your inventory, but no, instead, game wants you to decide to drop items somwhere in islands and then try to remember where did you scatter particular item/tool.Combat is the worst in this game. Your ability to kill zombie is by charging your item/weapon to maximum, because it will either hardly injure it or land killing blow, now keep in mind this sentence, when there is zombie horde that are running toward you, there is no chance to actually charge fast enough your hit to kill each on of them, so they surround you and you can't do anything about that because character does not know how to at least kick zombies off, light hitting is useless because you won't even kill one zombie by the time they will kill you. While fighting huge zombie/skeleton, he can throw other zombies right through barricades because you know, why the hell not.Survivng night in safehouse, guess what, suddenly zombie deer spawns 2 meters near you, then he sees you and tries to get in, he runs in front of gate then to the left, then back, then to the right and guess what, he got in SAFEHOUSE. HOW EVEN MORE BROKEN THIS GAME CAN BE?Gameplay wise short, repetitive and boring. I wouldn't call it survival, because in which game zombies will spawn out of nowhere in front of you.No idea how is the COOP, because i won't bother to play this horrible game again."
76561198047184114,Recommended,250400,13536693,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Alexei Stukov,The fat zombies are dressed up like santa right now.
76561197988471200,Not Recommended,250400,12096202,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Blind Panic,Big WarningThis game is very crash happy.  I have now playedd less than an hour of this game and crashed out EVERY time.Looks ok and plays reasonably well but the frequency of crashing in different places makes it a thumbs down
,Not Recommended,250400,8602998,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,dajgoro,gowno podroba diablo z craftowaniem za malo wszystkiego do roboty 3-4 mobki na cala gre do bicia a challenge mozna przechodzic postacia  z singla na multi zenada ruskie  mieli pomysl ale  za malo wszystkiego w♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250400,7744501,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,TactiCat,"TL;DR: Good to kill some time. 3/5Fairly decent zombie game. This is not ROAM or anything like it (if anyone was confused about that). More like a very basic Diablo-clone in that it's sort of an action RPG with guns.Rather unbalanced. The best weapon in the game can be accessed by any character by the second level, which is the flint edged tripple bone boomerang. It is infinite uses and doesn't break. Once you add the golden augment to it, deals massive damage pretty quickly.I played most of my game with the bow until I found the boomerang and then even using guns seemed pointless. I suppose you could refrain from using the best weapon in the game, which would make things a little bit harder, but ultimately there isn't much challenge in this game.The survival elements are a little weak and aren't a huge factor once you spec into the tree that reduces the time required to spend on it. It ends up being more of a chore and a hinderance to backtrack through the islands for water or meat. Fishing is a waste of time and doesn't really work. (I'd only do it once to complete the fish n' chips quest for the Monkey.)The critical aiming mechanic is unique and I like it, having to time the circle for headshots.Story is a bit mediocre, but Kovac's Rules are amusing. It's a rather tounge-in-cheek game.If you don't have any other games to play and you want to kill a few hours, this isn't the most horrible game ever."
76561197976532485,Recommended,250400,13009669,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Klingus,girlfriend revive simulator 2014good games to play in couch coop : )
,Recommended,250400,12480087,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,jack mames,"I met this dude who got bit and he told me to get some @#$%in' drugs so I ripped some plants out of the ground and force fed him those. He was all right. Mission accomplished.He said to look for his old boyfriend who I found hangin' out on a beach surrounded by @#$%in' zombies! Like, how old you gotta be to know that zombies=bad? Damn. And he was on crutches 'cause he sawed off his own @#$%in' leg. Man, that's hardcore.This old dude and I become butt-buddies and he sends me on a series of fetch quests to get rope and engines and batteries, blah blah blah. On one of these missions, I meet the guy from Dead Space who's all like ""woo I am an angel, come to my secret lair and I'll give you my gun"" *wink wink*No thanks, Dead Space guy. But I go with him anyway and learn a whole @#$%-ton more about crafting. I learned some pretty sweet @#$% from this guy. So I get sucked off by a bunch of zombie @#$%in' ostriches and start selling drugs to monkeys for mystic sigils.I finally get a little creeped out by Dead Space guy and split to go find my crippled BFF. He's aight, just kickin' it on another island. Then there are these planes and a 9/11 conspiracy and little girls and a fishing sidequest. I @#$%in' love fishing sidequests.TL:DR4 islands of increasing sizecramped but great inventory / craftingloads of zombies but it doesn't seem tediousprobably fun onlinelots of opportunities to min/maxlinear gameplay w/ sidequestsMy only beef with this game is that you walk too @#$%in' slow.8/10"
76561198080468089,Not Recommended,250400,12095972,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,DazedKITTYKAT,Would be a Great game if it didnt keep Crashing all the time.
,Not Recommended,250400,11912923,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Deano,This is far from a new release...In the sense of that it I have owned this game for over a year
,Recommended,250400,9871703,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,God of Thunder,"I don't understand why this game is under so much flak. It's a fun game. While it's far from perfect, it's still a great experience with a friend. Recommended to anyone who likes Dead Island."
76561198001438359,Recommended,250400,9864529,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Fahzix,"How to Suicide... What can i say?! This game made me regret every dicision i've ever made throughout my life, this game is literally the cancer that killed the world. If you have any sort of brain left after playing this game, god bless you."
,Not Recommended,250400,9020596,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,mrbuntyking,"Exceptionally boring game, and a waste of my money.I shouldn't have to list the reasons why, because there are plenty of others that already have.Do not buy this."
76561197962459540,Recommended,250400,8382417,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Deechio,great game - best zombie one ive played in a long time
76561198098601770,Recommended,250400,10193987,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Like Dat,very fun
76561197975954631,Recommended,250400,10199763,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Ken,This game is very nice for the price. I thought it ran very well and was a nice change from the normal zombie game.
76561198010392957,Recommended,250400,23779586,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Super Drewski,For current price its a steal. great with a friend.
,Recommended,250400,8381188,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Big Dinner in Little Chai Wan,"i bought this game yesterday which was the 27 of december and the combat of this game is okay  you sorta have to get used to it, the co-op for mutiplayer is pretty fun, the graphics are okay nothing special, i would reccomend this game only if u a friend to play it with."
,Recommended,250400,13714404,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Panithi VeT,Zombie shooter + Don't starve
,Recommended,250400,16459284,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Conov,"I expected more, much more. It's a nice game to spend your time when you have nothing to do. I bought this for like, 1 dolar and I think it's not worth it. But I won't negatively review this game because you can still have some fun with it."
,Recommended,250400,9074973,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,AlMaFiA,Good Game try it ^^
,Recommended,250400,16927260,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,★AnaKk1N★ Bitskins.com,One of the best games if you got a friend to play with.
,Recommended,250400,14010308,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Chrommanito,"Not too bad. But then I realised that this game were made for Xbox 360. If I can play a console game with no lag in my poor   spec Laptop, that means THIS GAME IS AWESOME!"
76561198012833236,Recommended,250400,13502915,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,batt2dtr,If you liked early Fallout games you will like this game alot. Good game to play to get off the main stream games.
,Recommended,250400,10205357,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,K A R U Z O,"At this point, the zombie apocalypse doesn't sound too bad - with or without How To Survive's gory edutainment mix of Zombieland and The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy. We're all well versed in how to deal with the risen dead, and have even picked up a few tips on being the best undead monstrosity we can be after the inevitable happens. A survival economy would mean never having to wait in line at the bank again. It could even be fun, working off the frustrations of a bad day by grabbing a baseball bat and bursting some skulls like bubble-wrap. It might be short-lived fun, but it'd be fun nonetheless - unlike How to Survive, which is also short, but spends far too much time squandering rather than embracing its good ideas.Imagine Dead Island as a twin-stick shooter, and you're most of the way to what How To Survive is - the main addition being Sims-style Need bars, which are so easily kept in check that they fade into irrelevance almost immediately. You need food, sleep and water to fight, but the maps are tiny and well enough stocked that you’re never more than a quick jog away from handling any of them. This can be even further mitigated with perks after a couple of level-ups, quickly making the whole non-zombie related survival element half implemented at best, and half thought out at worst. Early on, for instance, it's shown that using a healing plant - and the fact that there are healing plants is a pretty good demonstration of how gamey this is - provides a minor health boost, while combining it with fabric will produce a more effective poultice. Makes sense. There's no reason to ever not make the poultice though, since cloth is everywhere, crafting is done in the inventory, and time freezes when doing it, even mid-battle. It’s just busy-work, even sillier than the way that supposed safehouses actually attract enemies when you open the door and come filled with enough undead to double as zombie clown cars.Weapons are more entertaining to craft, even if most blueprints you find aren’t that exciting. More unfortunately, as much as H2S wants you to craft its wilder, wackier gear, itHow to SurviveOCTOBER 23, 2013How to Survive is a third-person action adventure game that equips players to stay alive in a world full of zombies.→ MUCH MORERICHARD COBBETT SAYSLivelier zombiesDead IslandLeft 4 Dead 2Dead Rising 2 soon succumbs to the common crafting game problem of offering no good reason to trade in a rifle that kills damn near everything in one shot for a bladed boomerang or whatever. Ammo could have offered one, but it’s functionally unlimited. Bullets are everywhere, and arrows easily crafted/retrieved.Combat itself at least is solid; not great, but acceptable. To How To Survive's credit, popping zombies does have that all-important bubble-wrap satisfaction, and targeting is easy and precise enough - though zombie pile-ons are as little fun as ever, and it's a little depressing for humanity as a whole just how much more dangerous than us undead ostriches and deer turn out to be. Easily the most pathetic are the nocturnal zombies, who are meant to make travel by night dangerous. Ha. No. Shine a torch on them - the batteries never run out - and they freeze or run, incapable of defending themselves from the mute with the machete. Zombie fiction loves to tell us that we're the real monsters, but damn. This makes I Am Legend look like a bar fight.En mass of course, the zombies are more effective. Enemies can come from anywhere, including sealed rooms and more than once out of thin air, and do serious damage. They don’t evolve much, but that’s in How To Survive’s favour - like Dead Rising, there's a solid capability curve as you go from handling a few at once to taking on entire hordes without even breaking a sweat. Most of the time, the checkpointing is on your side too, albeit unpredictably. At one point, How To Survive saved with a boss at 20% health - helpfully, but still confusingly - while other times saw level transitions go completely ignored, adding an extra load screen per demise.All of this however is wrapped around one of the most half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥story modes in years, as well as some dedicated challenge maps. Both modes support bringing along a buddy for co-op play (local and online for Challenges, local only for the story), with three sets of stats masquerading as characters to choose from. The main event though is little more than a long seven or so hour long trudge to repair a sea plane. There are no surprises, not many characters, and most of the writing is poor and sloppily edited. At times, it feels like it’s boring itself to the point of needing to add things like talking monkeys to break up the tedium. At others, it outright embraces it, with padding like a 20 item scavenger hunt when the game should be politely ending.The weirder bits are still welcome though, and not just because How To Survive otherwise plays things so much by the numbers that you could put paint to them and end up with a pretty picture of the Grand Canyon. Sometimes, they even land a genuine hit - most notably with crazy survivalist Kovacs, author of the titular How To Survive guide. He’s easily the best thing in the game, bringing a sense of life and enthusiasm to the action that’s otherwise entirely lacking. He's sadly off-screen most of the time rather than the lead though, with the actual main characters so lifeless and apathetic that at one point they see a child fall… oh, a whole meter or so into the perfectly safe sea, and can't even be bothered to check if she's still alive. (""You’re a real sh*t of a human being,"" your character is later told, and you can’t really argue that it’s not deserved.)Whether this kind of moment sounds funny or insufferable though, there aren't many like it to enjoy/endure, with the comedy almost immediately joining the survival mechanics, the crafting and the horror in the bin of frustratingly wasted potential that are all the more annoying for actually being interesting ideas. It's not hard to see the game that How To Survive wants to be, or the much more hardcore survivalist zombie sim it could perhaps have become. This isn't either of those games though, more's the pity. They could have been neat."
76561198044784180,Recommended,250400,10201202,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,AutistSpotted,amazingly fun
76561198072772510,Recommended,250400,10201335,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,MonKeeBoi,Love it!
,Recommended,250400,23745360,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,m1kTab1,nc game
,Recommended,250400,23750452,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kia,Great game buy it when it's on sale
,Recommended,250400,11279547,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,f(x) = ax^2 + bx + c,So i just bought this game and i instantly got adicted and i really recomend it to everyone seeking for a good adventure with zombies. I would recomend it to all players.
,Recommended,250400,10825445,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Indo Gaming Intel,"Awesome game, smooth gameplay, keeps you on your toes, interesting survival techniques, and wonderful effects.Just wish there was a game mode with more people to play with ten or so."
76561198101454381,Recommended,250400,7480257,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,kkechagias,GREAT GAME  !!!!! 20 stars!!!!!!
,Recommended,250400,10630848,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Stoneoak,Its great fun and an awesome co-op game
,Recommended,250400,10826605,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,pimpin' ain't easy,"Nice little game, best bought on sale.Combat is rather slow-paced and tactical (lol) - you can't run much, you need to aim carefully and prioritize tartegs to conserve ammo or to damage armored zombies etc. So, while the game let's you craft and use a full-auto shotgun with incendiary ammo - it's not always the best choice :)Crafting is simple, but fun. Most of the time you can disassemble previously crafted stuff and re-use the mats."
,Recommended,250400,10246722,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SarahMcLovin,"This is a really fun game. The game lags a lot for me somtimes, but still worth it."
,Recommended,250400,9508363,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,JDub314,Great game.  Played it for about 2 and a half hours straight the first time on Co-op.  I only play multiplayer games nowadays and playing this with a friend is right up my alley.
,Recommended,250400,11241393,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Hilamonsta,"It's mindless fun.  There's no real threat of ever dying ever so the title is a misnomer.  How to Survive should be called ""Count the Ways We Kill Zombies"".  It tries to steal Marcus from Borderlands, its gameplay from Diablo, it's style from Fallout 3 (cutscenes, UI, etc) and it's crafting from some sort of parallel universe where people can make triple-bladed boomerangs covered in razor-sharp rock that wreack havoc infinitely like in Legend of Zelda.  All in all, it's worth the $5 I paid for it just to use the flamethrower near the end of the game.  It's too short and the story is garbage, propped up with some of the worst voice acting I've ever heard... and I still can't figure out if those damn parrots were all interpetting for the monkey or if that voice was supposed to be Coco.... or if the pair were all one pair of creatures of there were multiple monkeys all over the island that all had their own talking parrots.  wtf"
,Recommended,250400,10279707,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Marth,a little bit short but very good! hope there will be some dlc's!
,Recommended,250400,9376694,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TheDirtyHamboner,omg get it it is amazin t may be 15.00$ but its amazing!!!!!!!!
76561197971684021,Recommended,250400,9022412,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Der  Sittenstrolch,If it's on sale and you have a friend to play with it's a lot of fun! Bought it for 4 bucks and it was totally worth it!
,Recommended,250400,10023142,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,JerAleman,"Nice game, the only think i will change is the multiplayer mode :)"
,Recommended,250400,10504811,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Hαze ( Birthday),"awesome game , bought it on a steam sale , just because , but it turns out this game is amazing and has a lot of content and things to do , very challenging aswell so if you want to buy it please do , you will not regret it :)"
76561197975993794,Recommended,250400,11062252,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Gary,"looks good. crafting is cool. controls are wonky, killing is fun."
76561197981624288,Recommended,250400,9030545,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Vallo,ITs worth it!
76561198021658883,Recommended,250400,9033313,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,asarno1969,For $3.74 I took a shot at this game and was pleasantly surprisednot worth it a $15 but at sales price I say yes if you like zombie gamesis it a hardcore game no but a fun game yesyou can make the choice
,Recommended,250400,10535626,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Alex Malix,A fun survival game where picking up everything is vital to your survival.
76561198067686235,Recommended,250400,10553826,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Grit31,An great Co-op game
76561198092312520,Recommended,250400,10822279,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Chance2Hot,Very fun
76561198076103121,Not Recommended,250400,8799462,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Calamity,Xbox piece of crap
76561198081841646,Recommended,250400,9404684,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,ThePlagueDoctor,"Fun game, it like an RPG and you can craft many items and changing one little part of a gun makes it something compleatly defferent and that makes it really fun!!!!!"
76561198122867078,Recommended,250400,10179457,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Detect_Enigma,"Good Fun!! Only downside is getting weapons from quests in coop, is it only gives them to player 1. Another issue is friendly fire, if this went this game would be perfect!!"
,Recommended,250400,10421473,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Radimon101™,can't go wrong with a game you win by throwing bone-merangs at zombies untill they die (again) 10/10
76561197988730861,Recommended,250400,10476588,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,solaris242,"Fun with crafting, and zombie shooting. If that's what you want, that's what it has.Could do with a little more variation between characters, and difficulty seems to jump back and forth randomly, but it ate several days out of my life, so enjoy!"
,Recommended,250400,10528861,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DarkSpoon #NWP,Love the coop in this game. Perfect for big picture and with xbox controllers.
,Not Recommended,250400,10801526,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mae Mordabito,"Played it for 5 minutes. Controls weren't working. Was not impressed enough by intro, menu, and/or start to attempt to fix the issues."
76561197976132488,Recommended,250400,9568575,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,SpicyMonkey,"Smooth fun game.  Crafting system is basic, but interesting.  Weapons are nicely balanced, and it feels like if you make the right decisions you wont die. (and then you set off an alarm that makes the zombies go crazy!!)  FUN!"
76561198043791767,Recommended,250400,13135595,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,RX-78-2,good game
76561198043175528,Recommended,250400,11210487,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Break,Pretty good for the type of game.
,Recommended,250400,12015933,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Malinari,"Really enjoyable action-rpg with main focus on crafting and basic survival.Nice graphic, fun gameplay. Yeah its not mind blowing action-rpg of the decadebut for what it is its fun."
76561198118708800,Recommended,250400,12060237,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,•ComProMize•,nice.
76561198017291487,Recommended,250400,11985951,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Makina,One of the best zombie games to date!
,Recommended,250400,16533372,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CarryPooter,"+ Crisp, minimalist UI+ Excellent tutorial; fun, interactive, and does a good job of displaying some of the charm of the title+ Voice-acting was of about average quality+ Minimap is functional and easy to read; objectives and points of interest are clearly marked and hard to miss+ Very detailed environment; the design and amount of inclusion is meticulous+ Foraging is wonderfully implemented; by doing away with bold POI markers in the overworld, you find yourself constantly searching for familiar leaves, shapes, etc.+ Except for a few small qualms I had with the crafting system (noted below), it is largely excellent; there are a refreshingly large variety of combinations+ You have the option to 'uncombine' items that you've crafted, thus freeing up the materials for re-use; this little quality of life feature is incredibly useful, and I feel that many crafting systems throughout the gaming world would have benefitted from it+ An appropriately moderate variety in creatures+ Some crafting recipes are only available for certain characters, thus increasing incentive to replay+ Exploration is both rewarding, and very much encouraged throughout the title+ The story did a suberb job of managing to not take itself too seriously, without falling into the classic pitfall of being cringey and annoying+ While the hunger and thirst meters fit well into the game, it was the fatigue meter that really stood out as a breath of fresh air; this added a bit more challenge and a greater feeling of urgency to the game+ Hunting was very fun and challenging; tracking wild game through a monster-infested island could be quite the rewarding challenge+ Nighttime operations were very well-handled, in that a setting sun very much puts you on edge if you're out in the open and far from a campfire+ Melee combat was solid and satisfying- Zombies are largely generic copies of only a handful of models- During daytime, inventory is slightly too transparent; this results in a fair bit of squinting, but wasn't an experience-killer- You cannot craft stacks of items- Aiming (I used mouse and keyboard), while for the most part excellently designed, could occasionally prove frustrating and unreliable; picking specific targets out of an oncoming horde (something you will NEED to do) is difficult when you're cursor is constantly jumping between several front-rank targets- Could have benefitted from a larger, more comprehensive skill tree"
,Recommended,250400,10946773,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,✪ aRNe,Its really fun..
,Recommended,250400,10185520,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,TheDeer,Only played this game for about an hour so far by myself. All I have to say is it's a lot of fun and I can't wait to try it out with a friend!
,Recommended,250400,11050533,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Plutao,Um dos melhores jogos que já joguei.
76561198061437681,Recommended,250400,10200051,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,UkMasterz,This gameis just so good if you like zombie survival games
,Recommended,250400,10201840,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Manbeerpig,Great game fun to play. Crafting system is great too
76561198025966256,Recommended,250400,10196861,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,[NOVA]Zoanthro,You can kill hours on this and not realize it.... it is that awesome
,Recommended,250400,9050923,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Sergeant Booty,It is worth it
76561198133690066,Recommended,250400,11188681,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[NCE]Nightgaunt,This the foundation for something great sure there are a few missing elements but that can be fixed with future updates but I am overall pleased with the game.
,Recommended,250400,13836526,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,sprite,i got it on sale and i think its really fun but it crashed once and i think it was my fault bc i was downloading a game but over all IT IS TOTALY GR8
76561198040552301,Recommended,250400,12787759,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ruzap,2/10 nie polecam
76561198033419680,Recommended,250400,22880786,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ShaRRk,"2 hours in this game and I love it nice game devs,after I finish this I wanna buy the second one hope it'll be CHIMICHANGAS!!!!"
,Recommended,250400,10209871,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ManolisGr2001,Best Game EVERRRR
,Recommended,250400,13614832,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Harry Andersson,:D
76561197971103516,Recommended,250400,14518819,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,jano,cool waste of time  :D
,Recommended,250400,9492573,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,MADBOYPR,hell yeaah!
,Recommended,250400,8372205,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,dorkimoe,very fun game
,Recommended,250400,7625077,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,★BubbaDan99★ | Melon,"How To Survive--------------------------------This game is a brilliant co-op game, but it could be better on the online mp!Going through the jungles and docks of islands fixing and crafting.what else could be better? oh more dlc!Yes the game is fun, but near the end you just want to end the game as fast as possible!But all to as a hole its very fun and has tones of single and mp hours!This game is brilliant and i would rate it 9/10 as a hole product!WellDone DEV team :)"
,Recommended,250400,13544789,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Savioor,"Decent game and actualy very fun for 1 hour. don't buy as full price, wait for sale."
76561198077789124,Recommended,250400,13810623,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SteelBallz,Very Cool Game especially when its on sale :D
76561198060347001,Recommended,250400,9033360,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,niketas,"its not the most refined game out there but this is a must buy, the combat is at the difficulty where its not so easy that you just run around swinging your weapon but its also not to hard that you just die easily. its also humourous when it comes to the survival guide itself which adds even more fun to the game."
76561198048019649,Recommended,250400,14073932,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,adriel.souza,"Totally recomends! Excellent graphics. nice soundtrack, you have to manage thirst, hunger, sleep (which all affects your aim, speed). You can play multiplayer on the same computer."
,Recommended,250400,14094906,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Scylla,easier to get killed by a turkey than a giant. 10/10 will get killed by turkey again
76561198116810768,Not Recommended,250400,20255098,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Buddy Christ,uncommon stuff
,Recommended,250400,16480102,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ASUS,good
,Recommended,250400,16671801,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mr.K,"A great co-op survival game! I would say it’s a mix between ""Alien Swarm"" and ""Don't starve"". Yes, it have a few bugs here and there, but still, while playing with friends it’s pretty fun. Crafting is on decent level, combining parts to create some weapon seems logical. Survival can be somewhat easy on normal difficulty levels, but as soon as you try to beat challenges on hardest difficulty level, you'll get some actual troubles. Moreover, the actual survival guidebooks are hilarious!"
,Recommended,250400,17085032,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,radicalkiwi,"This game, contradictary to the title, will not teach you how to survive. It will teach you how to die. Repeatedly,"
,Recommended,250400,17408207,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,RadMadSquirrel,Awesome game!
,Recommended,250400,16428066,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Blueridger 0x keys in stock,Something to do when you're bored
,Recommended,250400,16549724,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stew1e,Nice Co-op gameplay
76561198065791066,Recommended,250400,16512108,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Maxificent,"[THE INGAME TIME SAYS 0 HOURS, THIS IS A GLITCH, I SPENT AT LEAST 5-7 HOURS WITH A FRIEND ON THIS GAME]This game surprised me! I bought it on sale for less than £1 not expecting anything good, I was just hoping for something decent. My wish was fulfilled and then some! THIS GAME IS AWESOME! It combines the survival mechanics of eating, drinking and sleeping seamlessly with the hack'n slash top-down gameplay that works so well. It was really fun finding parts hidden around the map to make better weapons, and when night falls... YOU WILL NEED THEM! The map is much bigger than I expected, made up of 6 or 7 islands you can freely travel between depending on your objective.Get this game if you have a friend to play with, because the entire story can be completed cooperatively. I would recommend this due to the many advantages two machetes give you instead of just one. This game is much better with a friend for sure, and provided us with hours and hours of fun. The combat system is simple but challenging, and your draining hunger, thirst and tirdness bars keep you constantly on your toes."
,Recommended,250400,16469564,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,lazoNNNi^,Good game
,Recommended,250400,16447456,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Yung Crabcake,I enjoy the fact that everything is trying to kill you and is like the game Dying Light
,Recommended,250400,16420741,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,WizE,great game but needs a big update and that should be first person view ;)
76561197963440052,Recommended,250400,16511466,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,kK,"Very fun crafting system, fun combat system. A solid story and a nice dynamic environement.Replayable in higher difficulties and challenges with rankings.I recommend playing with a friend though."
,Recommended,250400,13847310,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SnowByte∦唯一の希望,ok
,Recommended,250400,22786825,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,jimmy Phish,"I don't know if the game is worth the full price but they do have sales often so wait to buy it then I say. I find this game more funny than challenging and clever as well. The crafting system is genuine and makes sense. I found a bit funny and weird about how Kovac has guides strewed about. The whole thing to me seems humorous, if you like zombies and a good luagh, get it, but I recomend on a sale.Here's a video on my first try with the game:https://youtu.be/_WaH0oK_qsw"
76561198054104310,Not Recommended,250400,12588961,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ridleyasy,"Okay, so I decided after playing this game I was going to write a review to help others. First, I must say, this game is Diabloesque with a lot of emphasis on 'esque'. Although many people would like you to believe this is a comparable game it simply is not. My first impression was cool, Diablo, zombies, survival. Nope. What I got was clunky controls poorly designed. I literally died a number of times because although I was moving one way, I would turn around hitting the air behind me and not the zombie in front of me. That is rough when you are being chased by a horde. So I went in to adjust the control settings, nope same results. All in all, if this game does have a great story, tons of humor, and an amazing crafting system all of this falls short with poor programing. I am personally tired of wasting hard earned money on someones ridicules idea of how games should be designed. Leave this to the professionals and get out of the business. Giving people eye candy and promising this or that simply does not compare to state of the art programing.I remember games like Baldaur's Gate and Fallout 1 and 2, even Icewind Dale, those were great games created perfectly. Stop greenlighting horrible games and stop wasting people's money. I do hope the developers take this review to heart. You may have my money now but you have not captured my heart nor will your company receive my backing in the future."
,Recommended,250400,13560413,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,L1R5 54,Still trying to learn how to jump and run
,Recommended,250400,13528210,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,viperiouss`,i like this game :)
,Recommended,250400,33184677,Posted: 3 July,all,Sweg Spoody,"Great game overall , i recommend it"
76561198189717363,Recommended,250400,31491268,Posted: 1 May,all,Lord Of Void,Nice
,Recommended,250400,9357458,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,lol34able,A really great game 10/10 would recomend it. Good story okay Graphics for 3rd person I enjoy it alot
76561198007089170,Not Recommended,250400,12472795,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,SpoonRageMk2,"This game is a real let down.Appeared to have more depth from the description, videos, etc. Very 1-dimentional. Very clearly made for a console; which made it feel very limited.This could have been far more interesting with a large open world, instead you are limited to small, SMALL islands, with scaling degrees of difficulty.Glad I tried it @ 75% off, paying full price would have been a huge disappointment."
76561198056511581,Recommended,250400,23391406,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DJ Tiesto,Just saw Microsoft Powerpoint die-IGN 98/10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=697608234like if u cri every time
,Not Recommended,250400,20195366,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ersea,One of the worst games I have in my library. Absolutely not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,250400,8756509,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Destructor RPH,Dislike
76561198001854882,Recommended,250400,7468063,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Stranger,"This game is a blast. If you like fast and furious arcade action then you'll love H2S. There's no story to speak of, but the game more than makes up for that with it's fun crafting system and multitude of crazy characters, enemies, and weapons. Your progression from weakling to badass zombie slayer is also very satisfying. If you're looking for 4-5 hours of zombie killing action, H2S is well worth the 15 dollar price tag."
76561198046974550,Not Recommended,250400,10897419,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,noxadari,"Ok so I only played this for a few minutes, but during that little time, I could not find anything at all enjoyable about this game.  The how to survive videos are bad and laggy, the controls are awkward on controller, and the combat is just bad.  And from what it looks like, it is yet another zombie survival that doesn't come close to the mark."
76561198081863002,Not Recommended,250400,15091438,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Just do it...,Wow i thought this would be good game well i want my 2 euros back...
76561198064480106,Not Recommended,250400,10273523,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,pendo826,Not as good as i thought it would be... Trailers made it look way better than it actually is.  Zombies are very static and never get harder.  Game is a great idea with the crafting elements it just wasnt implemented properly.
,Recommended,250400,16394447,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DreaMz AE,its... ok...
76561198184688345,Recommended,250400,15337665,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,D€a†h Un†åm€d,"Not very wild like Killing Floor but this is ok to play, but it ONLY when on discount"
76561198104789623,Recommended,250400,16409618,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zet,Very fun game thought it was gonna be bad but read reviews that it got and bought it and I highly recomend it very good game
76561198038387411,Recommended,250400,8131654,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,versionbest,"Bought this game on steam so it's a legit copy but after playing it for a week without any problems (beat it), mcafee somehow now thinks it's a virus artemis something and deletes the .exe file so now I can't play it.  After reinstalling the game, mcafee would delete it again, and again each time an install is made. Good thing mcafee only deleted this game otherwise had it deleted all my steam games I would go nuts! The only reason I'm leaving mcafee installed is to see what happens next. If it deletes one more of my steam game I will remove it and get a new antivirus. Stupid mcafee. Another reason why I don't post on mcafee forums and such is because their staff picks on you. I've read similar incidents where mcafee deletes steam executable files (.exe) thinking it's a virus or an illegitamate copy (torrent) but in fact it's a legit steam copy, however instead of helping you some staff members claimed you pirated the game. I guess they never heard of false positive? Mcafee staff members thinks their product is a god's send so there couldn't possibly be anything wrong with their product. The first thing they look for is if there is something wrong with you. Poor customer service and even worst product. I've taken some advice from friends and I'm thinking I will install Avast as my antivirus. Stupid mcafee! Why you delete my game file without notifying me to let you or not? Once again, it's a legit steam copy I even have the digital receipt as proof. ♥♥♥♥ing hate it when things like this happens and worst yet their staff members don't believe you. They think you pirated the game that's why their precious antivirus deleted it. SMH. The only reason why I'm writing this review is to make potential buyer aware that this game is unstable. One moment you could be playing it, then the next your antivirus could delete it thinking it's a virus. Buy at your own risk, however it is a fun game if you get the chance to play it."
76561198078306736,Recommended,250400,9969151,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Slender,i love this game must be the coolest zombie /crafting game out there
,Recommended,250400,12758729,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Bustanut69,I played this game for 46 minutes and i already want to kill Ramons punk♥♥♥♥♥But this games pretty decent not something id look twice at tho.
,Recommended,250400,18065255,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Imaizumi,I was looking for a survival game.I stayed cause you can talk to monkeys
,Recommended,250400,14504336,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ReLLiK_pt,Great coop game. A bit short but still a good ride.
76561198084673539,Recommended,250400,12819101,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Jhoonaz,"Rlly nice top down shooter with storyline and character progress by leveling up and gaining new skills, also includes nice crafting system to craft new armors and weapons for your char to feel even more of that character progress while following up the storyline.There is some survival aspects like sleeping, eating and drinking but i still wouldnt call this real survival game.(if you looking real survival game, i wouldnt recommend this)I completed story mode on normal in 10,5h and now i have started story mode in hardest difficultie.Normal mode is easy cakewalk so i recommend everyone to turn game hardest mode possible to make more sense.There isnt permadeath in any difficultie so just turn difficultie up.If you die, you respawn from last checkpoint.Notes from hardest mode so far:- i noticed that (at least some) weapons can broke down (never happend in normal)- i noticed that wells dry out of water (infinite water on normal)- game doesnt pause anymore while going inventory (game pauses in inventory on normal)- also making campfires destroys flintstones (you can fire infite campfire on normal with one flintstone)- also flashlight can run out of battery (infinite battery on normal)- also monsters have more healt and do more dmg"
76561198042782024,Not Recommended,250400,13506174,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mc Flaytus,would have been amazing... 10 years ago
76561198083821878,Recommended,250400,12800279,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jordon,"Good, but they tease you a little in the survival guid when you unlock a scope but you have the rong person"
,Recommended,250400,15868094,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,MHF.SimpleMan,Zombie !!! XD
,Not Recommended,250400,21913080,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ThunderCougarFalconBird,"Not really a fan, but if you are don't play multiplayer with someone who has a bad rig, their fps problems will be synced to your game for whatever reason."
,Recommended,250400,15308627,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,based grandpa,Tactics for beating the first boss:Continually shoot your ♥♥♥♥♥iest ranged weapon against it (i.e. wooden bow)Run out of arrowsAttempt to sprint awayFail and get headbuttedRealize it only does♥♥♥♥♥♥damageRinse and repeat until it diesDisappoint yourself when you realize it doesn't drop♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250400,16532768,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fenix#6913,stop bla bla bla about the game and start playing the hardest difficult kovac's way [DLC]and START CRYING
76561198056118066,Recommended,250400,18796857,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MivwTaupos,it is great!
,Recommended,250400,15238137,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SpikeyLimes,"This game is amazing, but i wouldn't buy it for £11.99. GET IT IN A SALEPros:-The movement is good-The crafting system is really simple-Ranged combat is easy to master-Good textures and enviromentCons:-Bit easy-Storyline is just: An old man with one leg cant be ♥♥♥♥ed to go get stuff, so he makes you do it.Overall:8.5/10Note:Play this with a controller, it makes the movement and combat so much easier"
76561198060634908,Not Recommended,250400,9737546,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,omally72,"5/10Well, this game just glitched itself out of my library.  After 13 hours of crafting armor and weapons, killing hundreds of zombies, and fighting with the questionable survival mechanics and horribly limited inventory, I finally got almost to the end of the game - the mission where you have to find 20 packages for a guy named Sanchez.  Unfortunately, that's as far as I got, because the game glitched at least 2 package locations, where they were marked on the map but no package was there.  I tried everything I could think of, even cancelling the mission and restarting it, but nothing I did made those packages appear where they were supposed to be.  There's no way I'm playing through the entire game a second time on the off-chance it won't glitch on me again, so, there's 13 hours wasted.  I uninstalled this POS and I'm moving on to games that hopefully work well enough for me to actually finish.It's too bad, really, because the game was reasonably enjoyable up to that point, despite some pretty big problems.  The graphics were good, the crafting system was interesting, even if poorly explained, it was violent and gory as expected.  Nothing mind-blowing, but a fun diversion for the most part.   On the downside, the survival mechanics of constantly having to eat, drink and sleep became nothing but an annoyance after several hours, and the inventory system is downright terrible.  The inventory is extremely limited, given how many things you come across, both needed and potentially needed, and the lack of any central storage meant constantly dropping things you may need in order to make room for something you have to have, meaning that what you dropped is likely gone forever unless you can remember where you dropped it.  Another big annoyance came about when you tried dropping things in the various safe houses, only to find that what you dropped was getting the way of the save and door controls, forcing you to play musical inventory all over again to move those things to another place.Still, even with the cons it was an enjoyable enough game until it's crappy programming finally took over and prevented me from finishing the last 7%.  As a result I whole-heartedlydo notrecommend this game."
76561197960807589,Recommended,250400,33033921,Posted: 30 June,all,Zewy,"I just love this game!""How to survive 2"" don't come close to this game soo mutch better system for crafting in this one."
,Not Recommended,250400,16603389,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Revenge,why i even play it to the end?this game is so bad in so many ways it is impossible to say how bad it was...pls give me my wasted time back
76561198271927003,Not Recommended,250400,20737345,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cacapoo453,"What can I say about this game that isn't super rude..... I guess I just didn't like it would be the best way of putting it. It's pretty slow running, the animations and sounds are out of sinc for me, and it just isn't very enjoyable. I didn't play long, before it had me running through a forest away from night creatures. It feels like a third person stranded deep version of dying light. Don't get me wrong, it had it's moments, but overall it was a pretty bad game.I'm not some sort of damn critic or anything, but I'd give this game a 3.5/10, because it had some playablility, and it was ind of addicting for a little while."
,Not Recommended,250400,16355102,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tala,Boring.
,Recommended,250400,9021262,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,PunchyBigBelly,Nice RPG Survival Game and it's best play with your friends.Since I'm not a fan of RPG i find this game quite enjoyable.72/100 - Don't play this alone *-*.
76561198099276985,Recommended,250400,11851322,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Violence,"buy when its on sale, its a fun game though."
,Not Recommended,250400,16254752,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,fuzberrys,I was playing co-op and couldn't find enough roots to eat so we both died and couldn't progress because lack of roots. 2/10 mildly entertaining until we starved to death.
76561198116612374,Recommended,250400,19563515,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Valkyrion,Only first play
,Recommended,250400,25551965,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mei Ling Zhou,^^ I rate this game . ^^^^ Story : 6/10 ^^^^ Presentation : 4/10 ^^^^ GamePlay : 8/10 ^^^^ Performance : 9/10 ^^
,Not Recommended,250400,8217469,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Pão Com Barata  Valadão,"naah.. Great ideia. But isn' a great game.Wait for a sale, maybe will worth. At full price not recommended"
,Recommended,250400,26343749,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Eldin | Skinhub.com,Perfect game to play together with my brother
,Recommended,250400,26362009,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Alba,this is the bests game i never play but it will by more cool if they create servers for the other players to join
,Recommended,250400,12736958,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,RaidenPSX,"It's a fun game, but I wouldn't reccommend it for 15 bucks. I'd suggest waiting for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,250400,26360968,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,I played this co-op with my friend shared screen with Dualshock 3 controllers. Had a blast. I recommend this to anyone with friends.
76561198001668969,Recommended,250400,8378969,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Zoartar2,very fun and cant wait for the online co-op story mode
76561198084406444,Recommended,250400,13576588,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DarkShadOw787,exellent game so far
76561197970862186,Not Recommended,250400,8274253,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[RLM]Mot9001,Game almost killed my PC...... Would not recommend.
76561198015114149,Recommended,250400,8062732,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,DanniNightShade,"Although the camera angles are cruel when in muiltiplayer, the game itself is so much fun. Slaughtering zombies? Check. Survival needs? Check. Endless hords of the undead? Check. This game is to die for. It's a must have for any co-op players. The challanges are challenging and that's just what you look forward to. Although the campaign is short, there's still so much to get and so much updating to be done."
,Recommended,250400,8305100,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,WhyMe,Good simulator survival pretty good time in this game)
,Recommended,250400,8353360,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mars197,Awesome game
76561198083610833,Recommended,250400,8511421,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[SSG]SerTimko,"Best survival game I have played so far. It goes slow but thats to teach you how to do things and believe me you will need to learn it. Cheap game for a nice long campaign and survival, i mean come on its better than Dead Island thats for sure."
,Recommended,250400,8502044,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Legion Of Aces,It's a really fun and interesting game because of the craftability of items and I love kovaks rules.
,Recommended,250400,13678638,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Topdown survival game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to play this with a xbox controller.You can only change your resolution size or fullscreen/window mode at launch.You are able to change your keys on the keyboard.You can toggle the Subtitles or Tips.You can play co-op (offline and online).You can choose between Story mode, Challenge mode, One Shot escape and survival mode.You are able to choose between a character with their own strength and weaknesses.There is a difficulty level.There is mouse sensitivity available.You are able to Change the volume. Music/Effect and voices, it goes lower by bars with clicking on the arrows at the side.About the game.You are dropped on an island and you will have to find a way to get out and to safety. You will have to survive through day and nights by collecting and gathering resources. Combining items and by keeping your Eating/sleeping/drinking meter high enough. You are able to finish enemies with executions whenever they are too low. You are able to find some people with problems, helping them will give you a reward for completing their quests.You are able to skip cutscenes with ESC.There is a level and perk System. You HP will get refilled upon level up.There is a Stamina bar but this is mostly used for Sprinting. Not swinging with weapons.You have a map available.There is a day and night cyclus.There is a Crafting System and a weapon durability.There is a Drinking, Eating and Sleeping Bar Meter.Sometimes the Camera Angle could be annoying.Other things.Zombies will never attack Idle NPCS. Idle NPCS will never attack zombies.Make sure that you kill the zombies before you are going to across a different island. If you have a huge horde following you and u are going to use the boat to travel to a different island. The huge horde will wait for you at the location where u have used the last boat. So if you do decide to travel back, You will have a HUGE horde in your face from the last time.Let's try Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9kWDEF4KPoI Give this game a 7/10"
,Not Recommended,250400,8482286,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Angela,pita game.
76561197966004547,Not Recommended,250400,8484485,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,POTUS,"Unfinished product. Looked really good in the trailer, but ends up being a sub par experience."
,Not Recommended,250400,33105427,Posted: 1 July,all,Berryguard,"Can't recomend this game due to awful interface, controls and game features.The only one thing that made me smile was survival animated tutorials.Refund."
,Not Recommended,250400,33756983,Posted: 23 July,all,Lemme Sip,bad
76561198052599943,Recommended,250400,33080199,Posted: 1 July,all,warpig.5,"Realy good and enyoable game. Graphic is ok could be better, game handling is good top down view is realy helpfull in the fights because you will have a lot of enemys. KI is intelligent or at least everyone is hunting for you :D but night stalkers go away when you have light and zombies attacking together not one after another, so you need a overview and a strategy. I would advise to play highest difficulty for the best experience of survival (most realistic). If you dont know whether you will like it buy it while sale around 1,50€.positive:gameplay fits good to the challengehavent seen bugsnegative:story is not the best but the end is amazing and suprising ;)not so many craftable items weapons could be more"
,Not Recommended,250400,33684464,Posted: 20 July,all,BananaKaboom,"My friend started a co-op game. He got a stick. I didn't. We ran around for 15 minutes getting killed multiple times, because the game spawns more zombies the more players you have. Couldn't make it to the old man who's supposed to give you another weapon. Started another game type in which we ran around killing ostriches for 10 minutes, because there were no zombies, until nighttime came and a horde of zombies beat us to death.My first and only refund out of roughly 200 purchases on Steam."
,Recommended,250400,10833313,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Anamus,"I really like the gameplay in this game. It's lots of fun for hours. The combat is pretty good and this game doesent have like any bugs and glitches. But one thing over all, that i love in this game is crafting and pimpin' your weapons. The possibilities of crafting in this game are unlimited, you can do so much s**t, it never gets old. The characters in story mode are also pretty epic, the voice acting is good and this game is actaully sometimes pretty funny. It's also pretty nice that this game is really kindda realistic, you do some s**t that you would actually do in real life too, to survive in such stranded island.8½/10, I really recommend this, and it's not even too expensive! Totally worth it"
,Not Recommended,250400,20585156,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,QuietStriker,"""Waiting for player"" EVERY 1 GODAMN SECOND. THE WORST THING IN HISTORY OF CO-OP GAMES."
,Recommended,250400,25247336,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Scornado_YT,"10/10 because 90 percent off, plus DLC for only 1.99 DOLLARS!!!!!!!!!!! CHEAP CHEAP YEA!!!!"
,Not Recommended,250400,16676935,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Nanako =^.^=,"I really couldn't get into it. The combat animations just ruin it for me. My character, when using a stick, waves it around ineffectually and deliberately pulls her swings, as if she's not actually trying to hit enemies. It just irritated me too much to continue playing, im a visual person. It just looks goofy and amateurish.That aside, i had some technical issues with a double mouse cursor too, i fixed that by manually starting it in administrator mode, not sure why that should be necessary.And the cutscenes for finding those little instruction books are just too obnoxious, overwrought, and flowbreaking. Already very poorly invested in thwe game, i didnt have the patience to sit through two of them in the first two minutes"
76561198061742430,Recommended,250400,10314259,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,meme.ru,lol dis game dah♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it made me cootar geet aoul wot and skrunchy like fur real litlest pet shop forever is majig like for real
76561198030769325,Recommended,250400,8342097,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Kentrelink,"How To Survive (H2S); What kind of game is it?2013 summers best zombie survival imo.Crisp graphics, serene setting and played on hardest mode forgiving and challenging.H2S; is a top down, action, rpg shooter with elements of crafting and survival; fish, hunt cook mix drinks...make explosives, chase down zombies and be chased by hordes of wild emus...It offeres a unique and fairly realistic point of view on the genre while also adding masses of zombies and keeping the arcade/action elements to the game.Storywise;Played as one of three unique heroes who've crashed onto the shores of a mysterious island, you quickly find friends and begin your long journey to escape this serene island paradise.As you set out you will meet a small cast of folks also trapped here, among them kovak, who will ultimately train you to be a survivor and if you are lucky make it out alive.Inspirations and fun perks;The game here takes generously from the many 'zombie survival guide' sub-genre and has a crafting list built around items and artefacts you may find among shipwrecks and abandoned towns on a tropical island, take chains, bike motors, jerry cans and a harpoon gun trigger and you have a chainsaw...Hungry? roast some emu meat add mushrooms and you have a steak fit for a Queen!Collect Items, fruits and trash, build weapons and ammunition, keep yourself well fed and hydrated! and lets not forget catch up on sleep now and then... this game will be a great romp through what is similar to a Dead island setting but very much unique in its own way.What I think and why you ought to give it a go!It seems to be an X-box port but I'm glad I found this gem.9/10, as it fulfills all my criteria, simple controls are made functional and fluidfair amount of variation allows for flexibility and a great deal of aesthetics are included to build immersion.You can dismantle most everything you build and re-build weapons to suit the occasion!I've just finished it, the only shame is it seemed to be fairly short and I would have enjoyed it more had I another island to explore with perhaps more variations in zombies and perhaps a better explanation of their existance!Value for money, the games $7~ AUD, really thats a burgermeal more or less, If you can get an hour out of this game, you are already winning... enjoy the experience and the warm sandy beach feeling, the soothing crash of the waves... the moaning of zombies in the night, while many seek to tackle the genre with cheap knock-offs H2S has done it right and went all the way to bring you a game done right."
,Recommended,250400,9115262,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Relic the Philosopher,"I know that the review is only about 50%, but i will honestly tell you that ive played alot of zombie genre games and this one, very simple but unique, while it definitely isnt the best there is, it proves that games can be simple but still amazing."
,Recommended,250400,8946559,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Soupy,"You may be bored of zombie apocalypse games, but this is definitely (though not better than classics like Left 4 Dead 2 or CoD Zombies) worth what little money it costs. It's different because you are basically by yourself and you can craft whatever you want. There's a story mode to get you used to the game, and you can also play multiplayer or just try to hold out for as long as possible. I love it and would be happy to play multiplayer with anyone who gets it4.5/5"
,Recommended,250400,8464387,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,psychenox,"A unique take on Zombie apocalipse mainly focused on art of survival. Local co-op makes for an interesting and fun gameplay since friendly fire is part of the game :) Although infrequent, game crashes can be quite frustrating."
,Recommended,250400,32470701,Posted: 16 June,all,weddy,Not bad not good
76561198094990667,Recommended,250400,33023748,Posted: 29 June,all,MVP>#1,So fun
,Not Recommended,250400,13842587,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,koko mongo,"Game says it is multi-player but it is actually only co-op, 2 player max :("
,Recommended,250400,13827040,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Steph,Kovac sucks
,Recommended,250400,16751231,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DisgustinG,"So cool game its like surival hack and slash or some thing its realy intresting. If you like surival, crafting, zombies and top view dont miss this game its fun!  Got storm warning edition for around 2 euros and its totaly worth, hope next game in third person gonna be nice too =)"
76561198001513892,Not Recommended,250400,18680438,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Jay Jay,"Buyers beware! Do not buy this game if you want to play it with a friend. In the Coop you are damned to watch your friend slaughter all of the zombies, because only he got the weapon from the NPC. The whole game works like this (we had to restart after it crashed) and we both decided to never play it again. If you want to spend money, you would rather give it to a charity than support this game (which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!)."
,Recommended,250400,15234989,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Norski yes?,Zombie game at its best
76561198104089191,Recommended,250400,10571600,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"A great fun little game, totally worth the current less than $4.00 price. Its really a lot of fun to kill time with, could have been a bit longer but a great time. Tricky learning to deal with the massive zombies and the surprises that can unfold."
,Recommended,250400,8947030,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Mald,Fun!
,Recommended,250400,12474684,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,n[A]poleon solo,"I don't know why people rate this game that low, for me it's a good and fun experience playing this, the story is okay not that well made but the co op, skills and crafting system totally make this game a fun game to buy and play :)"
,Not Recommended,250400,16526883,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gondola Gause,"Co-op means kill each other in random fashion because of terrible controls. Difficulty is wonky at best, so you're either bored or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Terrible performance for how ugly it looks, terrible UI and controls t hat simply never do what you need them to. Also counter-intuitive."
76561198121268358,Not Recommended,250400,25516421,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,TheFlyinDutchman,"The game is pretty standard at the start, with limited resources and an unknown evironment.  The melee combat system is challenging in both senses of the word.  It is a dangerous activity and you need to do perform it nearly perfectly if you don't want to get hit.  However, the mouse/keyboard controls feel clunky and I still didnt get used to the after 2 and a half hours.  My biggest complaint is that after an hour of play, the game never evolved any more.  Nearly all missions are of the same fetch and recieve type and you gain access to extremely powerful ranged weapons early on that make the fun of the melee system go away.tl;dr, interesting at first, but gets boring and repetitive very quickly."
,Recommended,250400,18937478,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mr.Husky #TeamBOOMBabY!,10/10
76561198306416373,Recommended,250400,24102495,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Niugil,"Its a really wonderful game, you feel as if you are desperate on an Island you need to discover as you harden yourself. Its really fun and adicctive. Would definitly recommend it."
,Recommended,250400,22809321,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Let's Dance,I enjoy playing it.. worth every penny especially with this discount price :D my advise play with consol..enjoyyy :P+zombie fun+zombie love+zombie life
,Recommended,250400,22930419,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,EnyaAngel,"Hardcore challenge:~ NO drinking, sleeping, eating - strength, accuracy, etc potions are allowed~ NO flashlights - fire torch is allowed~ unlock safe sleep zones ONLY for the items inside & a save spotSolo: Unable to revive self is already an added challengeMultiplayer: Individual players are restricted to 1 style of combat. Melee or RangeBoth: 0% in all ""needs"" (thirst, sleep, hunger) stunts your movement speed, aim, strength and leaves you with 1 HPAlso try the above Hardcore challenge in the game's Ironman mode! (monsters have more HP)"
,Recommended,250400,22971657,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,KONDOM PECAH JADI BOCAH,Great game!
,Recommended,250400,24124199,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Firebomb,"Very great and fun game, it can be co-op but I played it solo, just had fun roaming the wasteland. it feels like a great mashup of diablo meets zombies, and Kovac, lol the ending is great... loved this game"
76561198169783265,Recommended,250400,22917656,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Renaşterea,very gud
,Recommended,250400,23026965,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Kaptun Kunt,But♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was 99 cents!
,Recommended,250400,22908644,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ochtavia PH,BuyDownloadPlayDon't know how to playQuit11/10 must buy
,Recommended,250400,24097182,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Urso,>Bought game>Finished it>Started again>Got all achievments>Finished again>Bought DLC>Got all DLC achievments>Got DLC refund10/10 - Would get all achievments and refund again
,Recommended,250400,11345438,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Njivice,"Sprinting is a little stupid, but cool game indeed!"
,Recommended,250400,16714781,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,I Went to the Wood,"I Throw my boomerang ,and it never come back :( sad story ever"
,Not Recommended,250400,8528643,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Semente,"Wasn't what i was expecting, but it's still good, but doesnt worth the 10€ i payed"
,Recommended,250400,7478718,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,VeTaL,"Hah, nice and fun. Recommend this one."
,Recommended,250400,13507771,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,eisiger,"Welcome to the Holiday Steam Sale Guide, Chapter 93: How to ShopStep 1: Buy the Storm Warning EditionStep 2: Do not buy the gameand thenthe Storm Warning editionYour wallet will thank you!This protip brought to you by Dumb Idiot[---Spergs read under this line, ONLY---]The game is great so far, for the price I (should) have paid for it. My hours did not count up for the first playthrough for some reason, so I'm taking my time making a small review for people who will complain about a'useless'review. It's greatest strengths is in it's simplicity; find things, use things to stave off bad things, become better, win game. The most hyperbolic way I can describe the game is if Don't Starves mechanics fused with Diablo's action segments. Also, the game doesn't take itself too seriously, and I can respect this decision from a gameplay standpoint. Some goofy hazards like exploding zombies and tell-tale lightning strikes create challenging/annoying moments, and doesn't put itself out of its way to suspend disbeliefs.The bad is also there, and become very apparent from the beginning. This game was meant for consoles, and plays as much. This becomes apparent in online multiplayer, as both players are confined to the same camera. Do not sprint to the bottom of the screen; youwillland in a pile of zombos. Having controller support is great, but the game will immediately assume you want your button prompts from your game pad if it is plugged in, even if you've been playing with Mouse and Keyboard the entire time. As for interacting with the world, it has a problem of hiding objects simply by placing brown items against brown floor, which is abundant on this island. There is a faint notifier via bloodstain, but that isn't really explained and you just kind of have to figure that out.Then there's crafting. Quite possibly the biggest aspect of survival in the game, and it is also the biggest upset. Let's say you want to make 200 stacks of arrows. You need twenty sticks, and a sharp object. If you want to make them all, you have to click the stick, then the Craft button, and then the sharp object. You're going to have to do that twenty times. Later, you find out that you can improve the arrows further with feathers. Guess what? Click those arrows, then the Craft button, and then click the feathers. Twenty times. ♥♥♥♥IN 'ELL YOU CAN CRAFT MY ARROWS, JOHNATHON. Perhaps it was made this way on purpose to create tension while crafting in the middle of the field, but with the earlier problem of a shared camera in multiplayer, it becomes a groan worthy exercise in busy work and trying your friend's patience.Can't say I've gotten in far enough to judge the game for the initial price it asked for, but it is functioning/not crashing/not boring. For $2.00, it's worth getting into. As for why I suggested buying the Storm Warning edition, it's because it comes with all of the micro-DLC, which are basically updates that should have come free (new difficulty settings, new game modes, etc.). The skins I can see as being small DLC, but asking money for things like game modifiers and difficulty levels is beyond homosexual."
76561198057527813,Not Recommended,250400,15301913,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,marriage iguana,Meh.Weak gameplay. Got boring after 10 minutes.I wouldn't get it unless it's on sale for a minuscule price.
,Recommended,250400,11172903,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,hellcat5,"Overhead view like Diablo series.  Improve your weapons and armor, and kill zombie things, with a story, sort of.  More like, ""get us off these islands!""  story.  I suggest it when it's on sale during summer sale or similar sale."
,Recommended,250400,12450816,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Original Lord Drow,"Fun and twisted zombie survival horror in a Diablo style format. Crafting, survival, ZOMBIES! What more could you ask for?"
76561198028296503,Recommended,250400,13465899,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Swade,"ive only played for a few minutes but ive found a diablo style game play and cooperative type game mode that you get to bash zombies in. pretty cool concept and i got it for 3$, cant beat it."
,Recommended,250400,13519316,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,хлебушек,"The game is awesome, multiplayer game with friend is also awesome but camera view in co-op is a bit stupid because its 1 camera for both players."
76561198117233067,Recommended,250400,13499673,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,-BlacK-,"Nice graphics, nice gameplay, you can craft a lot of items,survive,explore and great combat tactics.I love this game, i recentlty bought all DLC for this."
,Recommended,250400,13663042,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LauraNexusQueen,Really really cool game :)The grafics are good the gameplay + story is good.And its very very funny :D8/10 points
,Recommended,250400,7751496,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,mesmermized,"As always, the key to survival in absolutely every single situation is to make friends with a Russian."
,Recommended,250400,14339378,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,3vaL,"As for me, this game is very awesome for those, who want to feel ""How 2 Survive"". It's really balanced, and i don't feel a frustration when i see millions of zombies on 4 small islands. Nice and easy story line, well designed islands, sounds from counter-strike (no sheet, really!! xD), interesting inventory ideas and OFC new game modes makin this game really awesome. Perfect choice for achievement whoares like me xDNo joking, this game is really worth it :)"
76561198015121333,Not Recommended,250400,12878436,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Onlock,"Fun game, totally broken. Several bugs have ruined each playthrough I've attempted. The ""dissapearing dropped items"" bug is particularly frustrating, as there is no means of item storage in the game other than dropping them on the ground, and the game contains waaaaaay too many items to keep in your inventory. I almost always lose something critical to this bug.Too bad the devs don't seem interested in resolving these issues. This bug has been around for at least 2 years, and they just keep pumping out DLC on a broken frame.Avoid this one unless you want to howl in frustration."
,Recommended,250400,34510473,Posted: 26 August,all,Mo Hates Mondays,"Me and a friend of mine were looking at this game while it was on sale for 90% off. We thought it would be a good idea to spend $1.49 on it since it looked like a fun little game. Boy was there more to this game than just that. Even though this game was just $1.49, if i knew i was going to have this much fun i would've spent an entire $15 on it!This game has a lot to offer, it a very true zombie survival game. It's very challenging because you have to keep yourself hydrated, find food, and sleep. Yes, you even have to sleep, and keep yourself awake in real life too because you'll end up playing this game for hours until you've beaten it.Pros:- Great maps and exploration- Challenging and fun- Sometimes funny- Actually good side quests- Plenty of zombies to hack n slashCons:- Controls for melee can sometimes be frustrating- If playing co-op, you can't go explore on your own without dragging a friend alongOh, and it's no fun playing by yourself, so be sure to play with a friend. And if you don't have any then it really sucks to be you."
,Not Recommended,250400,34555318,Posted: 28 August,all,Snoop,"Unplayable, ""Waiting for other player"" constantly spams every 10 seconds when playing with a friend and pauses"
76561198113965959,Recommended,250400,29691603,Posted: 4 February,all,◖ .Fruitzy ◗ ♂,"Best COOP game I've played so far.Everything starts with you being stranded somewhere and killing zombies right of the bat.The story itself is amazing and the controls are very easy to understand,also crafting is a great asset to this game (had so much fun making my nail gun )."
76561198006086996,Not Recommended,250400,24667765,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,nemo,"For me, it was disappointing. I expected lots and lots of crafting and weird survival tactics in an oddball world where the rules were a bit different. What I got was another damn zombie shooter and really not much else. The crafting is very lackluster, which feels weird to say because I kind of got the impression that it was this game's major selling point. It's nothing that hundreds of games haven't done better.I won't rule out the possibility that it might get better later, when you get rid of that annoying♥♥♥♥♥Kovak and have to build your own base and such, but honestly, I was annoyed enough with the dull gameplay that I couldn't stay invested.If you like top-down shooters, you'll like this. If you come to it expecting a combination of Dead Island and The Long Dark (like I did), then you're in for a disappointment."
76561197971329168,Not Recommended,250400,23770453,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cherlo,"Vertigo alert.  If you're like me and try to find games that don't induce motion sickness by keeping the camera steady, stay away from this one.  It looks like an isometric top down ARPG camera design, but the camera lurches up and down to keep your character in view.  Vertigo in 5 minutes play.  Also, has 'social' play enabled by default, which for a single player game entails displaying hundreds of player graves with their names sprawled all over the screen.  It can be disabled in options though.  The annoying parrot shouting 'hey!' and 'hahaha' offscreen cannot be disabled.  Not even recommended at 90% discount.  This goes into my junk folder."
,Recommended,250400,32080548,Posted: 31 May,all,Jacob ⚜,pretty fun...
,Recommended,250400,25187486,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Clegane's,9/10Nice Gameplay and Story.
76561198040251310,Not Recommended,250400,30326003,Posted: 4 March,all,IggledorfTheRevolutionary,"Oh boy how to put this... It's not exactly a ""bad game"" so to say. However the story line is extremely short and its quite repetitive after a while of long playing times. It's still a great game to play with your friends if you've never played before. But once you beat it, it kind of gets a little bland after a while. Unfortunatly unless it's on sale for at the very least less then 10 (maybe even more.) I just cannot reccomend this game at over 10 dollars. But like I said it's pretty fun for first beginning. Take a crack at it if you like. There's no such thing as a bad zombie game in my book!"
,Recommended,250400,8280075,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,7heo,"A fun and cheap survival oriented zombie game for console with crafting elements.More details:Fun: they tried hard to make the game fun. Sometimes it works, sometimes not (especially then it's too much, like the kovac survival guide videos).Cheap: While everything is rather simple and sort of works, it's cheap. The graphics are cheap (check screenshots and videos), the sound experience is cheap (I've heard the ""music"" countless times already), the gameplay is cheap (you are bound to what the designer(s) did think of; no emergent gameplay here: combining a stick and a machette will give you arrows, not a lance (with a belt for example?) or anything else), the menus are too (limited options, no mean to disable that annoying tutorial popups and other messages), and so on.Survival oriented: yeah, this game is about surviving in a (unbelievable) hostile environment: the game suffers from having a very artifical feeling to it, due to a dead-simple level design with invisible walls and overly unsophisticated triggers (among other things). Neither stimulating nor really original, but works.Zombie game: I don't think it's necessary to explain that point.For console: so yeah. This game hasn't only be desgined for consoles, but also realized for them. It's a straight console port, don't expect any computer-oriented feature(s). You've been warned.With crafting elements: that's the new hype. At least it's not ""open world"" in addition. It's an interesting concept, but here, extremely limited.Bottomlinefun and efficient; but somewhat deceiving: this game had a LOT more potential than what has been put in it. So keep in mind that it's a cheap version of what you might think of, for a game with crafting elements."
,Recommended,250400,25031954,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,Lots of fun. Lots of blood. Lots of dead zombies. Crazy russian dude yelling at me.
,Not Recommended,250400,15224182,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ninja,"This became such a drag of a game. The multiplayer (the reason I bought the game) is so poor, it's really not worth it. Yeah, you can craft many things, so jump into the game where you'll only ever really craft the same things. In the end I was playing it just to get through the story, only to finally decide ""♥♥♥♥ that"" and uninstall it. It has a few good features that are alright, but as far as it goes, it's really not worth the time and there are far better games out there. Might bring myself to try it again... Might not..."
76561197970348067,Not Recommended,250400,10292707,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,[LINUX] Hot Sick,"Broken.  Ugly.  Awful controls.  Not a terrible concept, but terrible execution.Total garbage.0/10"
76561198068014861,Not Recommended,250400,26595213,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Clickepic,I didn't survive.Its okay i guess but its really just a medicore zombie killing game that is like almost any other zombie survival game.5/10Don't buy unless it has a HUGE discount because honestly you should just save your money for a better game.
,Not Recommended,250400,7903195,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Nifty,TERRIBLE.Terrible port.Terrible cursor/menu issues.Terrible bugs/glitches.It should have stayed on console rather than making a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port.
,Not Recommended,250400,23380349,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ice Bear,"repetitive quests, too many bugs, skill tree is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198065229107,Not Recommended,250400,13093255,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mr. Dixie Normous,Crashes when loading the world. Seemed like a good game before actually playing. Wouldnt reccomend
,Not Recommended,250400,17734570,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SnozDog,Said It Would Teach Me How To Survive. I Died... Fake Game Not Real 0/10
,Recommended,250400,8338207,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Miister Savage,"this game is a zombie rpg game, one of the best that i have ever played (and i play a lot of zombie games). this game sets you with loads of abilities that other games don't take into acount such as; hunting, crafting and actually having to eat!! who would have thought that most other game makers leave out the basic necessities of life like eating drinking and sleeping. this game is an excellent game and i highly recommend it to anyone who likes zombie RPG's."
76561198002869946,Recommended,250400,8352844,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Belly,"Lots of fun. 4 thumbs up. good art style, interesting play."
,Not Recommended,250400,10235559,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Revvster,♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS. IT'S NOT FUNNY OR FUN. KILL YOURSELF.
,Not Recommended,250400,13778322,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SephWalker,Truly terrible. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone. Played through the entire game in local co-op. Buggy as ♥♥♥♥. Uninteresting story. Very short. Crafting is uncomfortable at best. Etc. etc.♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,250400,8349963,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,InfinityOverkill,Really fun game to play. I like playing it just to see how long i can survive.
,Not Recommended,250400,13821414,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Basilisk,"I'm posting this because my brother bought the game after seeing that I had it, and I want to ensure that no one else makes the same mistake. How to Survive is terrible. You can kind of see that the idea had potential, but the execution is awful. The humor and quests are ripped off from borderlands and the top-down gameplay doesn't lend itself to a zombie game at all."
,Not Recommended,250400,34060996,Posted: 6 August,all,[GxR]MasteR  ZerO,♥♥♥♥♥game do not buy
,Not Recommended,250400,29097709,Posted: 7 January,all,victor breil,"Not really liked it.It has a good concept, but gameplay is not really enjoyable.Needs improvement."
,Not Recommended,250400,34994977,Posted: 16 September,all,FlamingX21,"This one is as bad as second one, I don't know what to say to be honest."
,Not Recommended,250400,20278537,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,nuke,bad game
76561197972499865,Recommended,250400,12564457,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Good game.
76561197990313649,Not Recommended,250400,13279370,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ingemi47,"run around kill zombies aimlessly in order to gain skill points like ""eat less food"" a skillzombies can hurt you slowly but u'll never die if you eat the plants around the area..slow dragging training videos for the first hour of play and no sign of letting it up, no joke every 30 secondsgave this game an hour and wished i had my lousy $15 backnot recomended-lifetime zombie fan since b4 resident evil 1 for ps1"
76561198044315911,Recommended,250400,13554737,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Harveker,"""KOVAC'S RULES!"""
,Not Recommended,250400,22768788,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Remedy,2 kişilik multimi olur amk
76561197988419146,Recommended,250400,31032417,Posted: 8 April,all,RoyaleWitCheese,Great game for those who love to play local couch co-op!
76561198142798309,Recommended,250400,20285225,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Happy_Doggo,"I can kill my annoying friend by ""accident""."
76561198032065705,Not Recommended,250400,24664012,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jack_Wagon,"Garden variety top-down zombie shooter with crafting and survival. Personally not my cup of tea, but if that appeals to you, then go for it. I only put ""not recommended"" because there is no neutral option."
,Recommended,250400,23620725,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,copland377,Very Funny Game/It starts of with you Jack Abi or Kenji and you quixkly find yourself stranded on this island where you pick up a stick and all♥♥♥♥♥♥that ere lived is ♥♥♥♥ed
76561198122389549,Recommended,250400,10151792,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Kiwi,this game is amazing its so fun just to kill zombies and craft just about anything in thhis brilliant worldhoweveverat first start up it just didnt work at allso 8/10
,Not Recommended,250400,13742999,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Unspoken Lies,"This game is ok. It doesn't do anything well, everything about it from combat, crafting, weapons, story, everything is just sub par. It does what it is supposed to. It's premise is never fulfilled, a bit of a let down really. A little slow, and dull."
,Not Recommended,250400,17382050,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Patrick Bateman,Pretty sh*t to be honest.
76561198061115981,Recommended,250400,14089268,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Zeus God (Trolling),Wish It was multiplayer so i can play with my freinds
,Recommended,250400,28905008,Posted: 1 January,all,Zephi,AHIN CANGAN İLE UZUN BİR SERUVENE CIKTIGIMIZ BU ADADA MAALESEF OYUNU BİTİREMEDİK AKINIMIN ZAYIF OYUNCULUGUNDAN KAYNAKLANAN BU DURUM YUZUNDEN KENDİSİYLE H2S2 Yİ PARDON T2S2 Yİ ALIP OYNAMA KARARI ALDIK GERCEKTEN GUZEL BİR OYUN HERKESE ONERIRIM
76561198019515600,Not Recommended,250400,10180244,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,L0p3z,"The game doesn't work on windows 7 64 bits. I've done some research trying to look for a way to fix it, and I have only discover that I'm not the only one who has thrown money away by purchasing this game.I wrote some emails to the customer service but they keep sending me the same copy/paste solution.So, worst purchase ever made."
,Recommended,250400,10205621,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Cisco,I like the game so fasr but dont have textures for the ground how do i fix that?
,Recommended,250400,10200088,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,gebratene indomie,"1st things 1st, it make me laugh. I've just played it for a couple of minutes, but this Kovac guy already made me laugh like I'm with my old friends. 2nd Build your own rifle... using stuff you'd actually never use to build one. A very original crafting system (which is hard to come by in any other games with the same genre). 3rd Graphic isn't a killer graphic, a little bit grainy. But if it runs on a laptop which is already quite old, it'd be surely run with no problem on new ones. 4th NON-Mainstream. Personal opinion is that we should help more indie studios in developing their games, instead of giving all of our money to the big names."
,Recommended,250400,13826603,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Skooter,Once upon a time this game sucked♥♥♥♥♥♥ that time was now. 9/11 ~Never Forget.
,Recommended,250400,10204054,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Sammy Mother Fucking Bananas,"This is a very good game and should not be overlooked, especially when its 4 dollars. Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,250400,29042518,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,Id buy this series over and over again love multi and challanges
,Recommended,250400,10204950,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,General Ghoul,"A neat little game, could have been much better! But still, a neat little game. Fine survival mechanics, melee combat is actually very satisfying, quests are OK. But the big shine from this game, the aspect that makes this game unique, is Kovac, he adds a fun feel to the game, that I feel made it a fun game. Without this guy, it would just be another zombie suvival."
76561198126642795,Not Recommended,250400,16395117,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cholo-Sight,Game ges boring after 5 min u cant do anything except follow the stry and the story is whack
76561198043375988,Not Recommended,250400,19974784,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BGODS,"""Don't you want to stay and become ultimate survivor?"" never again 0/10"
,Recommended,250400,10201048,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Javier Garcia,"This game is really fun but there is a few problems. For one the game is really small. I was expected to recieve a longer campaign then a few hours. But I plan to unlock everything before I stop playing. I am really close to beating the game and its kinda of dumb how it ends really, really quickly. Prehaps if I buy the DLC I get a little bit content. The game is NOT worth the 15$ but I got it for only 3.74 so I am happy about it. I recommend it. 4.5/5 because of the big update coming soon."
76561198154574034,Recommended,250400,13885008,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,(っ◔◡◔)っ,"fyi fellow gamers, this is not a credible review. I just have to do this for some more xp towards my account. Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.................................  Heres the review:   This game is... good!!!WOOOOHOOOOO i did a review!!!!!....."
76561198145223877,Recommended,250400,23727685,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Laisfom,10/10 Kovac taught me to survive!
,Recommended,250400,16420661,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Diabologhost,"I have seen this game from around it's release date and all i heard about was how bad it was so i didn't even want to see that game let alone buy it.When the game was in Summer Sale 2015 for 0.96 euro i was pretty sceptical on buying or not and i said well i have nothing to lose for 0.96 euro with all the DLCs so i bought and thank god that i did it.When i launched the game i was sure that i won't like it but as i started playing the game got interesting.And finally after 3 hours of gameplay i can say that i love this game!!!!This game has good story,good combat,reasonable survival (food,water and sleep) and a good crafting system.For me i can't ask for something more.This game was a big refreshmed because i was really bored of all the meanstream zombie survival games!!!!Finally if you are thinking of buying this game and your are hesitating about it i say BUY it you won't regret it because it's a great game!!!!"
,Recommended,250400,9099361,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Rumpellieschen,"Also ich finde die Bewertung 58/100 wirklich zu schlecht! Es ist ein Überlebens Zombie game mit Witz und vielen Möglichkeiten Items, Ausrüstung, Waffen etc. herzustellen. Lässt sich sehr gut mit gamepad spielen!I think the rating 58/100 is really too bad! It is a funny survival zombie game with many options to produce items, equipment, weapons, etc.. very well to play with gamepad!"
76561197983432651,Not Recommended,250400,11912710,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,malladram,"No open world, linear as F$ck.Skill Tree look all the sameNo Real Survival, just camp water site.Typical Story line"
76561198065187192,Recommended,250400,7892265,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Niño Jesús,"You can be like Daryl Dixon!, what more we can request?"
,Recommended,250400,7889857,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Meph504,"Buy it, it was a fun hack and slash, with a bit of crafting."
,Recommended,250400,7563097,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,[WH] Sanspai,"Full of survival facts, funny characters, and zombies galore, you could say the game is to die for. As you continually progress you discover new recipes for deadlier or more helpful objects and weapons. And don't be fooled by the calm before the storm as this game gives a new look into zombie survival, and with different types of zombies showing up you really don't want to be caught in the dark. All in all I give this game a 9.5 out of 10, I cut a little off for the fact that you have to view you character from a third person view, enjoy!!!"
,Recommended,250400,23351610,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lulzcats,Alright
,Not Recommended,250400,17777574,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Yes Man,crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..crash..
,Recommended,250400,19690387,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,William,You can see Ending with 5 hours. This game is existing for Killing-Time.
,Recommended,250400,13837007,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Jollen,10/10 i was killed by a horde when i was low on health and with only my stick
,Not Recommended,250400,13839914,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AllegroMk2,"not as fun as i expected. I do not like the way save doesnt save where you are, just what you've done."
76561198131071391,Not Recommended,250400,24572483,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,MasterMaxwell,This game is great at first but the game becomes way more difficult near the end to the point where not even the most advanced weapons and armor you have can help you.
,Not Recommended,250400,12517435,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,twitch.tv/clawedburnhard,"Not saying this game is ""bad"" per se, in fact I can very much see the appeal and intend on coming back to it at some point but I won't engage it much further at the moment.  I only got about ten minutes into the game and could tell it wasn't for me almost immediately.The game I'd most easily compare this to is Don't Starve.  While Don't Starve had a definite difficulty curve, ranging from docile to insane, the game felt a lot more ""within my control"".  I could enjoy the Gothic art style at a leisurely pace when I wanted to and if I wanted frenetic action in the next I was able to find it.  While there is a lot more downtime and planning in Don't Starve you feel more enthralled to be playing.  The pay off of crafting in this game just didn't feel like it was going anywhere when my best chance of survival was to just chop away at everything with my machete which I received very early game and seemed to have quite a bit of durability (especially compared to the burning 2x4 that I stumbled across which seemed a lot better than even the bow I had to learn to craft).I never even got into the multiplayer so if any of my friends pick this game up at any point I may re-install it and give it another go (it does seem like it may be a little more fun online). Other than that: 5/10"
76561198067991071,Recommended,250400,23459528,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,- FGR - Deadly_Shadow,"I've always had a sweet spot for zombie games. Why? The BLOOD of course! Why else would I like them? Oh, and you can craft in this game as well... neat."
,Recommended,250400,32579731,Posted: 19 June,all,Saint Brion,awesome gameplay. well made. im having a blast
76561198044637251,Not Recommended,250400,16619409,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,WilliamDHD,Terrible gameplayTerrible UITerrible writingTerrible themeingTerrible voice actingTerrible/10
,Recommended,250400,25251574,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Teamdevil101 [YT / TDG101],The Game How To Survive Is A Cool And Great Game! Even The Demo Was Great! The Zombies(Monsters) And The Story Are Super! Wish I Have Made a Similar Game. ;)
,Not Recommended,250400,18479793,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Gibbons,Here's a Kovacs tip that they don't want you to know about.Tip #10: Don't pick up this turd.Final Verdict: (1 out of 5)
,Not Recommended,250400,16591468,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheHiddenJew,I could only survive 19 minutes of this game.
,Recommended,250400,18820223,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,𝕯𝖊𝖎𝖛𝖎𝕾 #SKRT,Now I know how to survive11/10
76561198012815385,Recommended,250400,12041735,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,neededlotus5,"game is ok but with so many other distractions ie 7dtd, skyrim civ 5 this is at the bottom of my recommendation list...."
,Not Recommended,250400,12068618,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,The Slothmeister,"Amazing game, great graphics, really good dialogues and story line.The only minus, is that this is totally not what I expected and as most people here say,It is a truly small game world which is the biggest minus for me :("
76561198011307996,Not Recommended,250400,13837635,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,JamboDude,"let down even for a buck on sale, do not recommend"
,Not Recommended,250400,13840766,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Doniazade,It's just not a fun game. Not worth any amount of money.
,Not Recommended,250400,13629986,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✪Encinity,"I dont recommend this game at all. Its very hard to control the character and the gameplay itself is very boring. Yes its cool to create and modify your own guns, but its also very hard and tedious to find the parts. Plus when it goes night time its like living hell on earth with these stupid zombies that kill you and the only way to stop them is to shine your tiny flashlight on them even when their coming from all directions."
,Not Recommended,250400,13929559,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Panzer,"♥♥♥♥♥loads of bugs, connection and camera angle problem"
,Not Recommended,250400,13788184,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cryosleep,"Don't waste your money.  If you're looking for a decent zombie apocalypse game, look elsewhere.  Between the generic environments, characters, and story it plays like what it is, a low-rent indie game.  I had issues with my saves not being saved, despite travelling between islands and completing main story missions.  I've also had problems with input being stuck and no, it wasn't a dirty keyboard.  I don't have time to troubleshoot such a simple thing as a working save system.  Boring, generic, and buggy.  At least I didn't spend a lot to find out."
,Not Recommended,250400,13496320,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,FunkerGreg,"There are a lot of things I liked about this, and as many of the reviews indicated, it does play well as a couch co-op game.  The problem is, the survival scheme meant we were spending all our time scavenging for the far too rare food, and very little time progressing in the missions, which ultimately made the game feel more tedious than enjoyable as a cooperative game; I honestly feel the food availability is balanced more for a single-player game, and while that mode may be more enjoyable, that's not why I decided to purchase this game.  Ultimately, I would say this is a co-op balance tweak away from being a recommended game, but as is, not recommended."
,Not Recommended,250400,13584626,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Lp.DarKLorD,first when i play with my friends its ok... and i continue play it until i want to solve about Kovak mystery.. but then♥♥♥♥♥♥happen.. i join my friend server..and BOOMM.. my save data and my map disappear when i play singleplayer.. and he play under ironman level.. so im ♥♥♥♥ Upp.. the game reset back but under ironman level...now i have to change player to start back play.. but i dont becoz i play this for a long time.. i was so sad..
,Not Recommended,250400,13831670,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Drievus,"Kovac says: Do not play this sheit game.This game has annoying ambient ape sounds, dumb zombie noises, clowny animations and sheit music."
76561198063448067,Not Recommended,250400,16333989,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Satinav,"Boring, repetitive, the monkey and parrot annoys me a lot.The crafting system is good, but not optmized, keep clicking combining everytime would be easier dragging.Changing weapons melee to ranged is slow, lots of itens to collect and few space to keep.combining plants to make elixir sounds very ""I'm not going do that""And I probably Don't know how to survive, because apparently I don't need to find a recipe telling me I need a fire to cook deer meat.The turtorial is usefull, but sounds completly from a different game, map easy to navigate, good atmosphere, and other things are good, But I was looking for a good zombie game."
76561198035946000,Recommended,250400,34181742,Posted: 11 August,all,GolovA,"Sure, for a couple of hours.But becomes a chore rather quickly, bringing all the seemingly minor minuses of the game to prominence.At the end, lacks the basic need that keeps the player playing."
,Recommended,250400,34581005,Posted: 29 August,all,KO12AK,Game is good to kill time. Or some zombie grinding.
,Recommended,250400,29236219,Posted: 13 January,all,✪AragorN✪,Survive how long you can endure.
,Not Recommended,250400,17449351,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,A Rather Festive Saggybuttcheeks,More like how to die
,Recommended,250400,23103514,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Cheerilee,noting like kill zombies whit friends and familywho can't not love beating in some brains whit home made wepons
,Recommended,250400,25422488,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ayetoday,would feed piranhas again.✮✮✮✮✮
,Recommended,250400,29270890,Posted: 15 January,all,Doge Loves You,yeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeeyeyeyeyeyeyeyey i survived yayayayayayy yeyeyye
76561198150884329,Not Recommended,250400,35034963,Posted: 17 September,all,colordude6,love games that quick save as your being killed
,Recommended,250400,26413017,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,roceanseal,"if you want to survive your day, you must survive this first"
76561198009679229,Recommended,250400,24114419,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Huggybear,"I have to say my initial attraction to play this game to completion was the variety of finishing moves you can employ to decapitate, disembowel and generally inconvenience the zombie horde. I then fashioned a boomerang that enabled me to do it safely from a distance and that clinched it. The sole negative of consequence is the tedious inventory management aspect, especially when you later realise you've discarded something you now REALLY need and have to remember behind what bush you stashed it. The crafting element means there are plenty of weapons available to choose from (seriously, why would you not just use a boomerang though?) and the story provides plenty of content. When you take into consideration this is frequently available at a severe discount, it's easy to recommend. Just avoid the stags. And the crabs. At least Kovac is always there to help you..."
76561198209895819,Recommended,250400,30365259,Posted: 6 March,all,biohazardgang,"First, My PC: i7-6700 4.0 GHz, GTX1060 (6GB), 32GB RAM, HDD 7200 RPM, Windows 10 64bitTechnical:- H2S runs smoothly on my PC. No crash. No bug.- Quite steady frame rate. It dropped just a few frames below 60 when entering an area with a lot of items on the floor.Gameplay:- It's an ARPG with crafting and dark humor. Ranged weapons are fun to use. (I haven't played melee).- Enemy variety isn't great but it's enough to keep the combat interesting.- It can get repetitive and a little grindy. Some say it's boring but I don't mind that.- No storage. You just drop items and remember the place.(I read that if you drop more than 25 items on one island, some items disappear. If the issue still persists, you might need to split your items between islands and travel back and forth.)- Replay value depends on whether you want to replay Story with different characters or play other game modes.All in all, it's much more fun than I thought it would be. Plus, it's very cheap on sale.Recommend."
76561198008186428,Not Recommended,250400,10493726,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,KnownKarnage,Stupid game dont bother...
,Not Recommended,250400,10454126,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,vodkapenguin,"I cannot at all recommend How to Survive.From the get-go the game was tedius (Some how my walk up eye was unbound.) but somewhat fun once that issue was solved.After the first 10 minutes my friend and I were laughing and having fun from how bad this game is.It does not support co-op well.- since I was the host whenever a cut-scene gave a weapon I was the only one to recieve it leaving my friend hanging dry.The game play is more than repetitive.-Run in a circle and hit them randomly, or get a firestick and never die again.Our fun dried up soon when the poor design choices and boring terrain/enemies stopped being funny and starting wearing our patience then.Do not buy this game, the only reasons I did were:1. it was on sale2. a friend bought it with me"
76561198058583646,Not Recommended,250400,10461034,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jesus take the wheel,"♥♥♥♥♥♥, just so bad..."
76561198059606452,Recommended,250400,10587288,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mooseantor,THis game may appear to be bad but once ou get going its actually fun
,Recommended,250400,11426552,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,FlyingDeathDog,Haha wut?
,Not Recommended,250400,11341816,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Quaxo,"This game looked really good in pre-release, but in the end it turned out to be a huge disappointment. The controls are terrible and movement is awkward. The inventory and loot system is terrible, trying to pick things up is a pain. The story feels so forced, the voice acting is terrible, and the dialog generic. The only thing remotely entertaining about this game were the tutorial guides.I got it for a couple dollars on sale... I still feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,250400,11311044,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Zabojca,"Bit borring really, quite repetative."
,Not Recommended,250400,11947480,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,drSpockwa,"I really like this game, but it crashes frequently which ruins it.  I finished it in about 20 hours.  It's got zombies which I'm heavily biased towards.  Interesting crafting.  Descent story.  Descent graphics.  As I summarized, this would probably be an 8/10 for me if it weren't for the rampant stability issue.  I give it a 5/10 because of the frequent crashes.  Save points are in the shelters which I found myself having to visit intentionally so I wouldn't loose progress in the game from a crash.  The crashes are most likely video card/driver related I seem to have lessened them by dropping the resolution of the game below my native monitor's resolution.  I'm sure the console versions were just fine, and this is just a poor port to PC.  The build I played and finished was from May 2014.  I doubt the dev studio is going to sink much more effort into support.  So don't spend any real money on this."
,Recommended,250400,10682107,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NotReallyTia,"Wandering around from island to island, crafting weapons to survive the zombie horde's, all while some russian zombie survivalist expert gives you advice? Yep, it's gonna be a great evening! While the game mechanics has a few bugs, it's one of the most cozy zombie splatters i've ever played, with a joke or two, hidden where you least expect them! 4/5"
76561198014278807,Not Recommended,250400,12102541,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,KUDAKU,"Game doesn't even have video settings you HAVE TO PLAY at whatever the games graphics is set to (my computer is well over the graphics in this game so it didn't bother me since I didn't lag, but it did annoy me that theres NO VIDEO SETTINGS WHATSOEVER), you HAVE TO PLAY full screen.Little things like that are annoying."
76561198168823046,Not Recommended,250400,18305233,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Galgrutz,"So the game is fine, for a bit, you then realise that:1) ammo is the most common thing in the game2) basic survival is not only easy, but boring3) thier is no point to playing the game, its just go here, kill this, get food, go to sleep, repeate"
,Recommended,250400,16452327,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,infiN1ty,PRETTY GOOD SURVIVAL GAME AND VERY INTERESTING STORY!!!
,Not Recommended,250400,13891414,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dreken,so far i simply hate it
76561197990463699,Not Recommended,250400,10892082,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bald Bearded Bastard,"PERSONALLY, I've played too many of these. It was fun for an hour, but that's just my taste of it."
76561198041194031,Recommended,250400,8125563,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TimidOwl,"Great and fun Zombie killing game. It's quite hard some times to survive, especially at night."
,Recommended,250400,7802114,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Phreakuency,"Really enjoyable and strangely addictive Indie game!+ cool makeshift weapons and armour +upgrades+ inventory management means you likely won't see all weapons and armour on one playthrough+ lots of zombies on screen+ decent managing of health/sleep/thirst/hunger etc+ day/night cycle with night specific enemies and use of flashlight+ sidequests and xp tree make up for moderate length+ on highest settings, graphics look great+ native controller support- probably didn't give itself enough credit to be a serious game (comedy-ish main NPC and tutorials not needed)- quite short once you learn the ropes- travelling between different islands was nice but they could have benefited from different visual stylesHighly recommended! Bring on an expansion or sequel asap!"
,Recommended,250400,23891219,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashishi,Zombie Diablo: Survival Edition
,Recommended,250400,10212617,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Yung Draco,long campaign fun replayable overall score 8/8
76561198120328037,Not Recommended,250400,17208487,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,count9us,"How to Survive? More like how to do the same thing over and over again, how to go where they make you go (no free roam or open world), how to make the items they want you to make. I never felt scared or in an real danger. I'm glad I got it on sale so didn't waste too much money. I read a lot of the reviews, someone said the game is better with the DLC's. I don't have them, and don't belive you should have to pay more to make the orignal game better. The Ad look great the game is not."
76561197975873431,Not Recommended,250400,17215317,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,[  ],-0/10
76561198041778303,Not Recommended,250400,8074263,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,FatLogz,Cool concept but too many bugs and bad ai and the controls are a bit weird
76561198025804094,Recommended,250400,8009515,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ExpressoShoT,so far so good just you cant really quckly make stuff have to click a lot a lot but over all very good game
76561198151232463,Recommended,250400,18281822,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,iSS_98Xx,i looove this game ^^
76561198135462418,Recommended,250400,13181207,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,TimoJr,Great Game Ilove IT
76561198135972369,Recommended,250400,16386990,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[K]aiju 👽,"Was looking for some wooden stick,rammed by crazy YO MAMA big♥♥♥♥♥infected deer10/10 would collect wooden sticks again."
76561198006580928,Recommended,250400,9029104,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Hartley,For the price at the moment you can't go wrong great game...Co op just as good as the campaign
,Recommended,250400,13779365,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,D O G G O,Kovac's Rules !
,Recommended,250400,20430811,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Hymnred MK,damn.
,Recommended,250400,16714135,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,The Dark Lark,Made a boomerang.Liked the boomerang.Upgraded the boomerang.Boomerang op.420/1GN would boomerang again
76561198296341775,Recommended,250400,23754928,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Azari Zen,Thoroughly enjoyable twin stick melee/shooter with survival and crafting elements. Can't speak for the DLCs as I didn't get them; other reviews of them are mixed.
76561198047577518,Recommended,250400,10188878,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,killjoyjj,"a Splendid little Zombie/Survival game.3-person, with crafting and enough (life) bars from survial terms for your satisfaction (hunger, sleep, water, health etc.)melee weapons and crafted random projectile weapons, and plenty of various items to use on your character and dont forget armor and what not.best part is the little videos of ""Kovacs Rules"" which explain how to surive (ha?) in the islands grips of survival, all put in a seemingful handy survial booklet (holds yoru crafting recipes too!)Game takes off rather slow, then gradually goes into more and more, and i couldnt help but come back for more zombie killing and lootfest of a survial game."
76561198082559637,Recommended,250400,16453580,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Bread,"Fun game for the amount you can get it  on sale, Single player is plain old but co-op is where it gets fun and there are some cool weapons you can craft as well."
76561198085142232,Recommended,250400,22843715,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Kim Cancun,BAAADDDDDD JUUUSSSTTT BAAAAD MISSIONS = IMPOSSSIBLE
,Recommended,250400,13903156,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[FS]FireSnipe,Great game! i love the characters and the whole survival aspect. looking forward to some dlc!
,Recommended,250400,16412100,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Matt Preafericitul,Good game
,Recommended,250400,13845873,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Wondersign,เยี่ยมมากเลยแต่co op มันดึงจอกันง่าาา
,Not Recommended,250400,13533005,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TheFoxKid,"This game is a literal pice of crap, DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WOULD LIKE TO COMMIT SUICIDE RIGHT AFTER PURCHASING THIS SO CALLED ""GAME"". This game is the worst game i have ever played and i now want to smash my head through a window right onto a car with spikes on top that are on fire. I repeat DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, EVEN IF IT IT FREE!!! YOU WILL DIE... OF BOREDOM AND NOT BEING ABLE TO PLAY A GAME THAT YOU JUST BOUGHT. This game is not even worth $1.49. Thank you for your time.And a message to the developers... ♥♥♥♥ YOU FOR MAKING SUCH A BAD GAME AND THINKING PEOPLE WOULD ACTUALLY BUY THIS HUNK OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Not Recommended,250400,14299923,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Juggle,"Worst Game I have purchased through steam. Lacks any user experience design, has very mediocre graphic, is unforutnately not introducing mechanics at all... Heavily disappointed, worse than a student project."
,Not Recommended,250400,16480627,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ItayH,I want payback please.
,Recommended,250400,12980766,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,"Great survive game, if you want buy it, dont forget buy Kowac´s way DLC! This DLC makes This game even more ReaL(You need eat, drink and sleep to survive....New animals:bears, crocodiles.....Less ammo, less food...You need save your flashlight battery etc etc.) and really fun and hard to survive. Of course the funniest part of this game is CooP. You can play Story and Challenges in CooP (2 players).I recommend this game only with KOWAC´s WAY DLC, which makes the game more more difficult to survive. 9/10!"
76561198233788668,Not Recommended,250400,17619697,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,banana,"+ Pretty decent combat.+ Theres plenty of skills.+ Intense at times.- The game is really, really linear.- The animations looks♥♥♥♥♥♥- Very few survival elements.- A bit too easy at times"
76561198059042186,Recommended,250400,9023218,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,smokeAmonkey®,"Great game, needs updates though."
,Not Recommended,250400,13593804,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Speed Is Life,"I really thought this game was cool looking, so I bought it. Played it for just a few minutes and realized that... this game is boring. I gave it a shot, but it's the equivalent of a zombie B-movie. There are a whole lot of things at the beginning that make no sense at all, like the random headstones with other players' names on them, or the fact that the rich Japanese guy is fat and dressed like a snowman/chef. Then, the controls are very strange to me, and the survival book tries to be funny in a game that is attempting to be serious. It really just falls on its face from the get go."
76561198081459690,Recommended,250400,13873307,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,bankoops,โปดโห
76561198069062883,Not Recommended,250400,13919141,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,100Sparkz,"Alright i'm sorry but this game is simply bad... And a bit dissapointing, I thought it'd be a fun game to play with my friends but I learn its only 2 player... Next I come to find out were on a shared screen and not seperate screens so if you want to go scavenge while your friend guards the base then forget it because you won't be finding that in this game...  Then the co-op online offers you story mode but it treats you as if you were playing by yourself with your friend with up close and personal... They give you one stick and you don't find any other weapons until you meet the second person who gives your partner a weapon but then one flashlight and all so its really messy and all and could have been better but seriously disappointing I do not recomend it.  Other then that how it plays and all isn't the best  So  yeah I bought it for my friends but yeah its truly a waste to play..."
,Not Recommended,250400,13928024,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,adamjakins,"A broken game, don't buy"
76561197995117565,Recommended,250400,13935313,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Akraw,"I would say it's worth the $1.49 I paid for it.  If it was anything less than 90% off, however, I'd probably be miffed."
76561198171299902,Recommended,250400,13936137,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sweer Potato,"I've recently been playing Diablo 3 on console, and have finally been graced with the funds to purchase a decent PC. As a complete n00b to Steam, I saw an advert for this game, and I have to say it was quite a deal.90% off.Meaning, I would have to spend two whole dollars on this game.I didn't have but $15 left in my account to last me for the week.And damn am I glad I did.I've been entertained from the start. The zombies are, well... zombies. Some fast, some slow, big fat ugly ones and sneaky little buggers too. Rarely do I find myself feeling uncomfortable whilst playing a game. Uncomfortable in the sense of ""I don't want to complete x mission because it just got dark and I really don't think it's a good idea to go wandering out in the fog right now"".This one nails it.There is always a pressing desire to get enough food, find sleeping/safe areas, and make sure the Jerry cans are filled with water,Survival and quick thinking is absolute key for this game; thirst, hunger, sleep and health all play exponentially important parts in this ever-surprising Diablo-style slash-n-hack, craft-yer-guts-out game.12/10 would download again (even at full price)."
,Recommended,250400,13937328,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Arcenist,"I will say it was definitely a different game style I am not used to. It took me awhile to get the hang of the feel for the game and environment of it. Once I was in, I got hooked until I beat the storyline. Then I rushed through it with a friend. It made it 2x as fun then! I bought this game on sale at the time, so it was well worth the money I paid to play it."
,Recommended,250400,14166832,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,۩͇̿V͇̿I͇̿P͇̿۩Charlie۩͇̿V͇̿I͇̿P͇̿,Brill Game Worth All The Money In The World!!!
,Not Recommended,250400,14652330,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Eva.M,ah this game is boring
,Not Recommended,250400,14680938,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Serial Psycho,So this is what it looks like when low budget gameplay tries to meet AAA standards!
,Recommended,250400,14685532,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,|D34(|-|`/,"Awesome game, hard to get good off the bat but the graphic's are insanely good and it seem's a great concept will defo get more into this once my toothache has gone. 10/10 Price is good too."
76561198119498087,Recommended,250400,14049320,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,{SG} Kumeikato,good game
76561198141156297,Recommended,250400,25425474,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,XxX.AtsliHaribO.xXx,A real game-Kovac-for more information read KOVAC'S RULES
,Not Recommended,250400,25414939,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Vaeringjar,"1st contact with the gamemouse sensitivity is over the roof... can't configure it...ffs I can't be bothered to reconfigure my mouse every time I wanna play thisI'm annoyed, gonna play something else nowI'll re-review this when I get to play the game lol"
,Recommended,250400,16443581,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dreix_ #hatemyself,"Good game, I'm enjoying it :)"
76561197970398650,Not Recommended,250400,10210480,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Timberella,I went from yeah to meh.  maybe I'll get back to it...but prolly not.
76561198103982017,Recommended,250400,10211487,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Eric Carr wannabe,"Good game, funny because some female zombies sound like Marge simpson Jumping XD ."
76561198105651038,Not Recommended,250400,17167938,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Borism,JUNKcan't even be recycled
,Not Recommended,250400,10170910,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Wishes,"worthless♥♥♥♥♥♥forced  mouse acceleration without option to remove,the only survival part is that you can die.Worthless,   purchased for 3,50,   wouldn't recommand spending more that 1 euro"
76561198015468360,Recommended,250400,25590552,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,aartjanfeitsma,This game is about everything you may expect from a game like this. And more. I enjoyed it alot and will continue to do so in the future.
76561198272579380,Recommended,250400,24274753,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BadNeighbor2,Shotting flaming arrow into zombie heads. What's not to like?
,Recommended,250400,23110810,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Choky™,I diededededededededededededededed
76561198103127879,Not Recommended,250400,22893875,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Snipar 007 csgo-skins.com,nu
,Recommended,250400,26196586,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Levins,:listen: Pretty Good!       Time Killer!!!Awesome game play.-Scary Sh*t.-Buy the DLC and Play with your Friends! :)
76561198283008189,Recommended,250400,28749982,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gx_corleone,i liked it
,Recommended,250400,28740548,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,No scope only,funny
76561198115260540,Recommended,250400,28442819,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sir George,"Pretty good, only thing it needs is a more than 2 person multiplayer"
,Recommended,250400,14605882,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,PhallusLord,good game
,Recommended,250400,7517736,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Thuzar,"Forget that Metacritic score, 'cause this game is a no-brainerif you like slashing & smashing     zombie heads with all kinds of improvised weapons. The game offers a variety of enemies (to some extent), few variations of weapons (but all re-craftable so they gain some other advantage OR upgrade their speed, damage, precision, spread etc.) and constant scavenging for food (some eaten raw, other must be cooked and can be mixed for added benefit with other food), water (you can fill it up in a plastic gasoline can or empty bottles which you can also use to prepare a lemonade or an energy drink!) and a place to crash (there are zombie-infested bunkers on the island that you need to clear out in order to get some beauty sleep behind solid blast doors). You really can't get more quality fun from a game at this price range, so get out there and purchase a copy (or two, since devs have announced an online co-op story mode for two players coming in November!)The game may not sweat you too much (unless you go Ironman style) but it will sure give you a few tips on ""How to Survive"" in zombie-populated archipelago. Highly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,250400,9023917,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Blaggycat | hellcase.com,"Pretty Fun and fast game. Lots of problems getting it started up! I had to shut off my anti-virus just to play it. and everytime i want to play it i still have to shut my anti - virus off! Not worth $15.00 but when the price drops down to $5 and under, i would take it."
76561198059041886,Recommended,250400,23757114,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,teo,enjoyable game
,Recommended,250400,16429298,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,H1dd3n,The best
,Recommended,250400,16512042,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Rogue,"Honestly this game is amazingly good fun. I got it during the steam summer sale for £0.97 (around 94% off) with my friend, it came with all the dlcs I think. It is not your usual zombie survival game, the mechanics and gamestyle are still pretty cool though. We played 3 hours straight the 1st time we played together and have both recommended it to our friends. So if you're looking for a quirky zombie survival game and have a friend (the hardest part here would be making a friend) I would highly recommend this game, get it while it's cheap !!"
76561198080513213,Not Recommended,250400,11773222,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,NitrosWarrior,"Before we get started I have to make something clear, H2S is not a bad game. It is only sub-par. When playing this game I'll admit I did have some fun, I did enjoy it at some parts of the story, but is it a good title to have in your library? No. It runs fine with minimal to no glitches, the actual gameplay feels tight enough and well put together. HOWEVER, in the end was left with a sour taste in my mouth from all the grinding and repetitive, redundant fetch quests and zombie killing, whenever I see it in my library I cringe just a little on the inside because I could have spent my money on better."
76561198068386903,Not Recommended,250400,11783610,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,RobustNinja,"I wasn't exactly surprised by this game, but its not terrible by any means either. I felt that the crafting system wasn't as robust as I would have liked, neither the leveling system nor the inventory space. I constantly kept seeing Inventory Full. I'm not saying that having an inventory restriction is a bad thing in most games, I just felt that particularly for this game, it felt as if it broke up the game play constantly by having to empty out the unwanteds. The downfall of this game I felt was how slow your character moves. The sprinting function was a joke (maybe one second of sprint before it has to recharge) and thus made the game drag on and on and on. I actually didn't complete How to Survive because of the fact that I hit a mission where I needed to go back through all the islands and pick up 20 different packages. I got so frustrated at how long it was taking that it was to much. Normally I would give a game that wasn't my cup of a tea a recommend at a sale price, but I cant really recommend this game solely on the fact that I felt that it was just boring."
76561198089989828,Not Recommended,250400,14425110,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,floboug,"One get stucked on it.BUT.No way to get all the bag slots, if you did not managed to get thread or wire or whatelse in the first monkey mission. So i spend my time droping stuff i cannot keep on me, stuff i would need to improve my weapons, my gears and even my skills. No chest to stack stuff, no teleport, no general map with fast travel.I had to stop playing. And you probably will."
,Recommended,250400,16864421,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,-DI- The Orange Knight,Very good survival game!Enjoying it a lot!
,Not Recommended,250400,27661302,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,アレクサンダー,"OK-ish action-rpg, but during one quest game began to demand me to have one item to continue. I have it in the inventory, but game doesn't register it. So now I'm stuck. If you feel like you're lucky and can evade that - probably buy this game. Personally I prefer this one over sequel because of terrible melee mechanics of second game and overall extremely slower combat in 2."
,Not Recommended,250400,27688387,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FlashFlood_29,Game is stale and boring. I was expecting fun survival but even the combat gets pretty old pretty quick.
,Recommended,250400,10230844,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,TREEZ1337,"Can be pretty cool for awhile, only buy if  it's on sale."
76561198029814795,Recommended,250400,10234862,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,quinnqk,This game is really fun!
76561198112600913,Recommended,250400,10215486,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,DoctorHoppe,"How to Survive is an amazing, zombie survival game. I was satisfied with the humor, gameplay and over all  look of the game. It's fit for almost all types of gamers, casual to strategy based. This game is worth the time and money."
76561198072497569,Recommended,250400,10223250,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Corey,"This game is fantastic. Ignore the negatives. Lots of gameplay, three different characters with unique playstyles. Difficulties are insane, and if that isnt enough, the new DLC ups the difficulty again. Addicting, difficult survival game. Its not about the zombies. Its about living another day."
76561197981600973,Recommended,250400,10231571,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DvS,Currently 75% off and definitely worth a purchase for that price!
76561198009920251,Recommended,250400,10235712,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,andrewpearson247,"Great little game, Simple and easy to enjoy. Don't expect anything too indepth. Kovac the survival ""expert"" is quite commical. Great online with friends. Is a little easy but that makes it quite fun with an easy ""Pick up and play"" style. would recomend. especially while on offer."
76561198009346801,Recommended,250400,10214199,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,StreyX,"If you see the game on sale, it's totally worth it at bargain bin prices. It's a fun enough game with some RPG elements. The story isn't great, but it's engaging enough."
76561198104327337,Recommended,250400,10231014,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,maxjklo9,one of the best games i have ever played!!!!! amazing game!!! worth 14$ even though i got it for 3 on dis weekend GET IT ITS AMAZING
,Not Recommended,250400,20472431,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,L E O N E R D I O,Just no.
,Recommended,250400,22755646,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jethro Tull,nice game
,Recommended,250400,22700256,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
,Not Recommended,250400,31739533,Posted: 13 May,all,Thu Dimensional,"Had a strong start. The level design was nice. Progression from melee to ranged weapons was fun. Discovering new weapons and upgrading them was addictive. How to survive did those well. Killing zombies was an enjoyable experience since the difficulty was proportionate to the strength of the character. Graphics and music are so-so.I had fun until... the second half. The quests started getting tedious, there were no more weapons to build, killing zombies was not fun anymore. The developers simply gave up for the second half of the game. The story, which was bad, got so much worse. Was the voice acting supposed to be funny? The characters were one-dimensional, but you could at least put some effort into it. I gave up playing halfway through. I got it on discount, and even then, I regret the time playing this game."
,Recommended,250400,15239766,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,James Lister,"oh, yay! game mechanics are very fun, survive and kill zombies whats not to like?"
76561198037080732,Recommended,250400,15313682,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Gentleman,"I love this game 10/10 zombies, crafting, zombies, survive,,,, zombies!"
,Not Recommended,250400,14509377,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,King Marlo,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game -_-
,Not Recommended,250400,14985563,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Oestfeldt,TERRIBLE! it might be cheap but it's not worth you're time VERY limited and you can't even safe!
76561198110693492,Not Recommended,250400,13797096,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ErCabrero,Play for 6 very nice hours.... then evry time i try to play i got the .exe has stoped working problem just after launch
76561197990286995,Not Recommended,250400,13502192,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,daz.,"Even comparing this game to Diablo 2 is a disgrace, usch."
76561198055957584,Recommended,250400,20729635,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Dwight Schrute,"Pretty good game, I never got too into the campaign, but my buddy did who never really gets into games if that tells you something.But Barricade mode, YES!That is where all my hours on this game come from. Absolutley awesome and me and my friend got to day 17 which is not too shabby. *emoji with sunglasses* lolIf you've played barricade then you have screamed this at one time, ""DIVING TANK!!!!!!!""  :)"
,Recommended,250400,14007619,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Orson Krennic,"kovac is love, kovac is life"
,Not Recommended,250400,14192140,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,i cant find any one to play with
,Recommended,250400,14586791,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Sadstyvudd,Hunted a deer then got eaten 10/11
76561198150098406,Not Recommended,250400,15489349,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,BTsaruwatari,this game almost look like dead island epidemic
76561198110531650,Recommended,250400,13241342,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,BigFoot,Awesome Fun Game!! Thumbs Up!!
,Recommended,250400,10189754,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,★Odyssey★,Interesting game +1Grate crafting but actualy dont agree that the monsters are best idea for surviaval game bc most people degrade!!!But overall the game is good - crafting keeps the game alive
,Recommended,250400,14584273,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SoCalTiger,...
76561198096731104,Not Recommended,250400,14258225,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,jazravenwing,Graphics were choppy and my system is more than enough to run it.
76561198171631939,Recommended,250400,15314919,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ElectricPotato,i highly reccomend this game but the multiplayer is...well i can't find anyone that's why i'm writing this to inform people that this game isn't just useless junk that you throw in the pile of zombie games this game truly is a more detailed and time taken game to make so when you see all the other reviews about this game how dumb it is just give it a try when i got this game i thought it looked stupid until i played it.I was truly stunned by this for example the deep crafting platform you use everything i mean everything to make something spoiler.......i made a flippen CHAINSAW!! and then i found a better chain for it that hade spikes on it....can you believe that!!....but when you get this game don't just be like oh zombies lets go kill them no don't do that well in the baginning you can do that but later on you will be massacred over and over again if you aren't careful but if you get this game please look me up and invite me to your game i'm looking to play with someone i'm eagerly waiting because it's probaly awesome with 2 people!!
,Recommended,250400,13960269,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ADaM,One of the best games i have played totaly worth the money
76561198092113571,Recommended,250400,16737868,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sebel Smurf,i sell How to Survive - Storm Warning Edition for 5 keys in csgo or tf2
,Not Recommended,250400,17091504,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Jacowaco1556,Dont like the game very much just the controls and the way its laid out just not my game.
,Recommended,250400,16805311,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Tomblo,Good survival game in the zombie island :D
,Not Recommended,250400,19862066,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,All Aboard The Wehrmacht,where you run around and get chased by zombies that are faster than cars in 60 fps
,Recommended,250400,20012533,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Keiji,"Besides the camera is quite annoying while you play coop , it makes a lot of fun to shred these zombies and the survival guide is very innovative"
,Not Recommended,250400,16862791,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,quintal,No comment.
,Recommended,250400,25029918,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Nox,Its ok
,Recommended,250400,7743329,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,stepkaaa,"Definitely fun to play with friends and online, but after some levels done we can see some monotony."
,Recommended,250400,7893489,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Sko0b,"Awsome, get it and be an other grave on the wasteland :PReminds me ""Contra"" style on ps1 ;DAwsome survival, Diablo style without the ♥♥♥♥♥ Wizardness...."
,Recommended,250400,7573371,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Beno Ledoux,"Fun, Short, and funny. I really enjoyed the game alot, especially with a 360 Controller. Reminded me of some of the old stand-up arcade classics. I did think it a bit short, but for the price, it seemed fair. I'd love to see it modded or DLC for it. A really great time killer overall. I'd say grab it, if you're looking for something fast to jump in and out of, and NO reason why you should pass this up if it's on sale."
76561198013932039,Recommended,250400,7790358,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mayuha&Serega,"Do your girlfriend like ""The walking dead"", but don`t like PC games? Do you have two PUDs? It`s your time!!! One of the best local co-op games on PC! With girlfriend..."
76561198020586288,Recommended,250400,7887600,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Schwingaling,How do you survive?
,Recommended,250400,7623592,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Imoja,"Amazing Gameplay, great co-op, craftings awesome.... However the campaign was literally 2 hours long at best and offered no replayability.If this game had dynamically generated maps or something along the lines of diablo 2, it would be truly awesome."
76561198018569508,Recommended,250400,7732975,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,D3ALER,9/10
76561198023308905,Recommended,250400,7771868,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,raybagnall,Great game Plenty to keep you busy .good choice of weapons. would recommend it..hope there is extra missions DLC In progress...
76561198040366552,Recommended,250400,7889896,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dwayne (TheRock) Johnson,amazing
76561197973250961,Recommended,250400,7891112,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Doomboy,"Fun little game if you like crafting weird weapons and armor and shooting zombies in the head.  If you don't like those things, what is wrong with you?"
76561198014437742,Recommended,250400,7744125,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Finn,"Pretty Great arcade game, crafting is really detailed. quests are ok.. overall id give it a 4/5"
,Recommended,250400,7777565,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Wolfvangz,"This game is realllly fun! If your into zombies and diablo games, you will love this game. :D"
,Recommended,250400,7795026,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Schick HydroBot,Who you gonna call when the dead are risin
76561198018913670,Recommended,250400,7844179,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,harryorlsen,Good co-op fun! Local & online.
,Recommended,250400,19951575,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Eyrie,pretty neat zombie game for $4 (thats how much i paid for it)
,Recommended,250400,13333843,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Zephkiel,"This game is awesome.It's a survival diablo-esque game, where you hack, slash, loot, but also have to craft everything from nothing but scavenging, have to eat, drink, sleep, tend to yourself...It can be tense but overall it's quite easy in normal mode, but the harder modes deserve their names and it's really good.The gameplay between characters does not differ much, but the characters are unique enough to warrant a bit of freshness when beginning a new one."
76561198023425116,Not Recommended,250400,15243889,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Swift Mustache,It's a zombie game. It sucks. Like every ♥♥♥♥ing zombie games.
76561198007271357,Recommended,250400,13832834,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Marginal,I really like this game. It values much more than it costs. Multiplayer and local co-op are very fun.
,Recommended,250400,21822820,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,a noogie with a boogie,kovics klan
76561198144155183,Not Recommended,250400,15102805,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,camlew22,LONG AND DRAWN OUT
,Not Recommended,250400,32150522,Posted: 3 June,all,tacin1208,it metascore says it it barely worths your time but i got to give it some slacks for crafting and customization still no this i wouldn't reccomend there are better games go buy them
,Recommended,250400,32761348,Posted: 25 June,all,Anak Kos,"not bad , but this game soo fat to get suit lvl3 :0"
,Recommended,250400,32161447,Posted: 3 June,all,Legit1,How to Survive is a game about dying.
,Recommended,250400,25308147,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Camping so hard call the police.,cringy
,Recommended,250400,27969826,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bulletofanarchy,Love this game! No reason not to pick it up.
,Recommended,250400,28025645,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,telephonedude,Pretty good tbh
76561198136996913,Not Recommended,250400,21117183,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,htiarblaG,THIS IS CRAP 10/10 WOULD BUY ALOTand refund
76561198071590278,Not Recommended,250400,21205872,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Barney,Game looks good from the few hours I played but sadly it´s a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get 2 Controllers working.
76561198103902654,Recommended,250400,21123436,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MrTmeT,It's ok
76561197960429996,Recommended,250400,21026217,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CaptainAwesome,Perfect survival game!
76561198255092768,Recommended,250400,21216255,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,J3zus gamdom.com,Good game :)
,Not Recommended,250400,21127605,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,anti jew warrior melvin gibsons,Trash.
76561198004120124,Recommended,250400,21163394,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,tomyem,Good game. worth a tenner compared to most out there similarly priced.Make a boomerang soon as.Audish's review below says mosty everything that needs saying. Just wanted to give this a recommend.
76561198098557080,Not Recommended,250400,21092310,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kafungalung,Save your money and buy a stick of gum instead. 0/10
,Recommended,250400,21155701,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,LockeDown,"A few bugs never stopped my friend and I , from enjoying this game. Although we never got to finish it of because of the bugs and we had to keep restarting, we stilled enjoyed it. This game isnt worth the full price, but you should pick it up on sale :) After all it is just a Indie game, but well put together. (listen for KOVACS RULES)"
76561197999942526,Recommended,250400,21167789,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,King Jay Jay,relaxing survival is a thing now...
,Not Recommended,250400,15226595,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Magician_J,meh
76561197965351205,Not Recommended,250400,20281888,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Triptrippen,Awful garbage
76561198008893239,Recommended,250400,8463204,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ilozen,Cool idea but they could have sucked more out of this. Anyway I recommend to try this one out especially if you like zombies.
,Recommended,250400,10244909,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,76561198026284250,you probably would have died without me.No affence.
,Recommended,250400,13898675,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,PeculiarPsychopath,"I don't know why this game has so many bad reviews. It may be fairly expensive for a top-down 3D zombie survival game, but it's worth it. Sure, there are a few bugs, but that's to be expected for any game ever made. I personally am quite picky about the zombie survival games I play, and I absolutely love H2S. Kovac is a fascinating character, and I'm quite intrigued by the storyline. I'd like the game even better if the characters had larger inventories, or if there were more weapons to make, but this is definitely one of the finest games in the Zombie Survival genre that I've ever played.9/10, would buy againEDIT, 1/20/2015The only major bug I've encountered in all my almost 24 hours in-game was that I couldn't play it well offline. It would occasionally crash, and only when I disconnected from the internet. My previous rating, 9/10, still stands, however, because this game is amazing."
76561198123157528,Recommended,250400,16409745,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Beekin Mod,this game is the perfect zombie survival/crafting/open world game that everyone seems to want to play
,Recommended,250400,16514673,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,No_W4y_José!,I got this game on sale expecting nothing from it... oh boy! what a wonderful little game this is.... novak rules!!!...
76561198062587572,Recommended,250400,16508875,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,EL ALGUACIL,"great game, 100% worth"
76561198151846180,Recommended,250400,16500517,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,fiddlesticks1276,this game is very very fun. i can play with friends too!!!11
76561198142289514,Recommended,250400,16497739,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Vagasnow,10/10 baby ...
,Recommended,250400,16500093,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,xraygamer,GAME IS FUN HOURS OF GAMEPLAY CAN GET TO YOU GREAT STORY SOUND WORTH THE BUY BUY IT IF YOU LIKE ZOMBIE GAMES THIS IS FOR YOU
,Not Recommended,250400,16507693,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,themars2011,This game has more invisible walls than Call of Duty and Battlefield and any clone of these combined.
,Recommended,250400,16526513,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MoN$Te®,I Advice you to try it .Really...
76561198116709455,Recommended,250400,16519854,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RunkSocken,"Can't close it plz help, Except for that It's great."
,Recommended,250400,16419682,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,illay#road to unranked,"really cool gane,I recommend it"
,Recommended,250400,14016694,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Peashooter,"Honestly speaking, each and every mother should give this game to their son. This game doesn't only brings out the basic joy of ""pretenting"" to survive in front of your keyboards, it teaches some very fundamental yet essential skills for surviving at home, especially when you are the type who likes to lock yourself up and game 48 hours each day,First of all, this game equips you with the skill of item organization. Look around you. No, I don't mean look around your monitor, but around the place you are currently sitting in. Do you see piles of clothes, files, items stacked all around you? If no, then good for you. But if you do, and when you do, this games can teach you the skill to organize these ""Mount Fabrics"" and ""Mount Rubble"" around you. If you have ventured around for a couple of hours in this game, you would have known that there is no item chest. That's okay, because whenever you dump an item onto the ground, it will stay there, forever. So, when you've collected, let say, a hundred different items (you can easily acheive this number after somewhat 5 hours of gaming), you will find yourself staring at piles and piles of save-it-for-later items, which the later usually mean never. Therefore, when you decide to craft an item (item crafting is one of the selling points of this game), you will need to dig these piles of save-it-for-later to find what you want. You will soon learn to locate burried items, as well as organizing items so that things looks asthetically pleasant and they can be easily located.Item location is not the only skill you learn, as you will be learning the basic functions of the human body. One thing you will notice is that you sleep when you need, and not at night. Well, to be honest, your biological clock doesn't exactly run on a 24 hour scale, at least not in ""How to Survive"". You will be sleeping during the day, at night, whenever you need, period. Another thing about your body is that, although you need to eat, you never poop. Yes, your body is amazing, because it is all input and there will be no physical residues for output. Everything will be transformed into energy. Think of it like poop is your fuel. So, the keyboard warriors reading this, you felt ashamed that your level is not high enough to unlock this ability of poop-fuel? Me neither. The last thing about your body you should know is that, although you need to cook whatever you eat, you don't have to boil your water. Why? Because you are immune to those zombie infections, dummy! You are the chosen one!There are many more bedroom survival skills for you to figure out, so when you are done slacking around, jump right in and start learning how to survive in your own darn room!"
,Recommended,250400,28729043,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Minachii,Awesomee !!
76561197976395225,Recommended,250400,22783850,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,PolazBoy,"Never knew killing zombies could be so much fun! Amazing crafting, good graphics, great sense of humour - love it!"
,Recommended,250400,22781232,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Han,Camera angles are poopy but a fun and capturing game nonetheless
,Recommended,250400,22777009,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,[D2N] Gol.D.Roger.Pirate King™,a very good zombie game !!
76561198114528595,Recommended,250400,18018080,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,itsdwayne,"Great game, really like it.A lot of fun."
,Recommended,250400,18058466,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Trex_Steak,"Pretty good game, tho i was looking forward to getting the 3rd person standalone for free."
,Recommended,250400,18129722,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Logan Paul,"See my name at a graveyard , seems legit and creepy ._."
,Recommended,250400,18212185,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Robotic Godzilla Doppelgänger,"Cool game, I only put an hour into it but it feels like Diablo 2."
76561197990994295,Recommended,250400,18219092,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Lhetre,"These are only very positive pointseasy to learnneeds some tactics to masterKovac's humorsleek interface (only part that shows it's a console port)well implemented keyboard and mouse controlsday and night cyclenight huntingfood, hunger, thirst and sleep managementexceptionally well thought-out resource hunting + crafting systemfitting music scoreboss fightsDo not hesitate, this is a gem."
76561198152979123,Recommended,250400,18029446,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Kannabis Konsultti,ebun
,Recommended,250400,18116125,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Bacca,"Good game, fun. Worth the buy!"
76561198161647498,Not Recommended,250400,13681441,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,arachnid70,It looks awful.
76561198052192990,Recommended,250400,13813309,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TeaRofFeaR,"Fun Zombie games with good co-op.Pros: Fun in making your own gears and wenpon.:Lol the in game tutorial is so funny, meanwhile it teaches you how to survive.:Fancy finishing moves.cons: sharing screen in co-op.:Story is too short7/10"
76561198153966721,Recommended,250400,25763139,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Adiamsyar,Recommend this game because it has blow mind plot twist.
,Recommended,250400,27021797,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheIceDragon,Buy this one..not the second6/10 don't think you'll open this game again after you finish the story mod
,Not Recommended,250400,14844785,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Adamjack,"Absolutely HORRIBLE game, and here's why:-Can't change video settings at all, I guess the devs just assumed that everyone would have the exact same computer and performance wouldn't be a problem.-Subtitles don't work.-The character who is ""Used to roughing it in the wild"" can only run for about 2 second intervals.-Said character uses wrestling moves to instakill zombies, none of which would actually ever do any damage. (Ex: In one of them, he goes behind the zombie, hugs it, lays down on the floor, and throws it behind him, causing its head to explode...)-The way the game teaches you how to play is absolutely horrible. First, it spams it on your screen for about 10 minutes in an annoying flashing message, and then you find a book on the ground which is really just a cutscene in which it shows you how to do what they've been spamming, just in case you can't read... Not like I can see any of the cutscenes anyway. The game is too laggy for that.-The combat system is absolutely horrible. The first weapon you get is a wooden stick, which 2-3 shots all zombies without even aiming (yes, you can aim with melee...) or charging your attack. There's also a fairly high chance to stun them on hit, after which you can press F on them to instakill them. Any other zombies don't bother to attack you while doing this, so you can effectively 2 shot every zombie in a horde without taking any damage at all, although it is slow as ♥♥♥♥.-The crafting system is confusing and doesn't make any sense. Ex: combining a healing plant and a piece of cloth makes a POULTICE. But the game doesn't tell you that. It gives you a recipe book which has only pictures, and none of them look even remotely close to what they actually are. The ""piece of cloth"" is literally a shirt.-The second character you meet is an old white male with white hair and a beard whose leg was cut off because it was bitten. Sound familiar? Anyway, the voice actor for him is obviously black, and he doesn't even bother to read the cutscenes he's voiceacting... Instead, he just tries to sound like a Mexican for some reason...This was all from about 15 minutes of gameplay in the ""campaign"" mode, but if you can look past all of this, it would be an OK game. The sad thing is though is that this is the kind of stuff that you'd expect from an early access game, but this is far from it: it even has DLC.2/10."
,Recommended,250400,8086755,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,MoshedZ,"Great Zombie Game 10/10,and still in Beta."
76561198004538907,Recommended,250400,11067199,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,dds2500us,a lovely little fun game
76561198019102564,Not Recommended,250400,28947085,Posted: 2 January,all,"IT'S BRITNEY, BITCH",Dem lags are real. No escaping of bad programming here..
,Recommended,250400,25281313,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Super.MarL,very good!
76561198022397048,Recommended,250400,25283835,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,philjconnolly,Got this game on special and had way more fun then I expected to.
,Not Recommended,250400,12479316,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Bloop Doop,After playing it for a while I can't say i still like it. It got boring very fast. Now I know why it was on sale for £5. Save yourself some money and buy a better game
76561198001015011,Recommended,250400,16879119,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,AlphaW0lph,"I can't understand why this game scored such low grades on metacritic. Just bought it today and already spent 2 hours in it and all I can say is: THIS GAME IS A HELL OF A LOT OF FUN! And it's just quite, no not quite, VERY good!Kovac's rules to guide you through the first part are very funny, the cartoons are great and it keeps you on the right path. The crafting system is very, very good and you can craft very nice and funny items. Funny but also gruesome as Kovacs (and the devs) had quite some imagination as they developed some blueprints for crafting killing machines for zombies. Graphics are maybe not what you get with another hack 'n slash game like Diablo 3 but the killing animations are well done. You have to watch your status for health, hunger and thirst all the time and this makes it a good survival game. On Normal it's already quite hard as there are many zombies coming at you sometimes. Finding stuff is sometimes difficult (things are not brightly lit up so you don't have to search like in other games) but that adds to the survival element.The atmosphere is very good too. Silent music in the background sometimes, pretty eerie too, and constant growls from zombies if you approach them.I tried the 3rd person view edition yesterday at first but I swithed to top-down. It gives me a better overview of what's coming. I highly recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,250400,18763963,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[JKC] ElPresidente,Don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥it's a joke
,Recommended,250400,18751153,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MeowW,"Great Graphics, Great Gameplay, Buy this game immediatly!"
,Not Recommended,250400,18752421,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,GoodOlVintage,It's♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250400,18749062,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Daiiken,"Un jeu complet et très addictif !Il permet de jouer en multi en local comme en ligne.Très facile à jouer avec des graphismes agréables.On peut parfois noter de mauvais angle de prise en coop local.Mais le jeu reste un pur plaisir et c'est pourquoi je le recommande vivement !---------------------------------------------------------------------------------A complete and highly addictive game !It lets you play multiplayer locally as online .Very easy to play with nice graphics .Sometimes you may notice bad angle local coop management.But the game is pure pleasure , which is why I highly recommend it !"
76561198077280241,Recommended,250400,22837209,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sairoden,KOVAC RULES: Buy this game! if you want to survive
76561198070184890,Recommended,250400,13780883,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Uncle Andy,"In-game, 'How to survive' is a survival instruction book. i guess nobody likes to read the instructions."
76561197970441688,Not Recommended,250400,9032304,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,airart,So tedius and bland. Not worth the effort in my opinion. 4 DLCs available in just a few months gives me the idea they had other ideas than making a solid game to begin with.
76561198085466853,Not Recommended,250400,17480006,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Panda,I want my $1.99 back.
,Not Recommended,250400,17503682,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Sessionix,kakka
76561197979953655,Not Recommended,250400,17512113,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Woah,How to Survive 101:Step 1:Don't buy this game.Step 2:Use the money you saved to buy some food.Step 3:????Step 4:See? You are still alive!
,Recommended,250400,22324522,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Tacticalboy | TGC,"much zombie, much blood, much wow"
,Recommended,250400,16407801,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Riveroo,"i bought this game  at 90% discount2 hour later discount is up to 95%goddammit ,..lord gabe Y U Do this to me,.. T_T"
,Not Recommended,250400,16428454,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Slash007,"Bought it. Played it. Enjoyed Kovac's Rules for the humor at beginning. Their quality degraded over time, was disappointed. Payed attention to game. Fun at first, then too simplistic and chore like with the quest. Uninstalled. Went to steam support. Requested refund. Easiest refund done yet."
,Recommended,250400,23943202,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JerJor,"A nice survival game, u just need a boomerang from 3 bone blade and a flint, and a lot of foods and drinks and u will be okay :D"
76561198201520043,Recommended,250400,31776188,Posted: 15 May,all,Oppai Dragon,Oyun Efsane Güzel.Bazı bölümler tek başınıza yapması zor olabilir bir kardeşiniz yada arkadaşınızla oynarsınız daha güzel olur
,Not Recommended,250400,31886316,Posted: 21 May,all,H0R3B,Empieza entretenido pero a la larga se vuelve repetitivo y aburrido.
,Recommended,250400,34756145,Posted: 5 September,all,Wicaodian Bing,THE GAME IS DEAD NOWNo Multiplayer is available.although you can enjoy the local gameplay with friendsstill fun and great timepass for single player.still recommend this game.BTW I bought it on 90% sale so it's worth in that price
,Recommended,250400,7461684,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Chiken | Gamdom.com,Just having a Lot of fun. If the Online Story Mode Update is out this will be the most played survival game this year
76561198092003075,Recommended,250400,13426318,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Nami the Diamond V,"Its a very good game so underated, buy it in a steam sale  you're gonna have fun."
,Not Recommended,250400,29781550,Posted: 8 February,all,Laureus,"Poor story, not very good ingame aiming and not very attractive at all. But anyway a good time killer. 4/10"
76561198008849297,Not Recommended,250400,16217026,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ppow,"The game is another re-hash of the ""kill all zombies"" concept: interesting and even amusing, but also repetitive and with very low immersion. The production quality definitely does not justify paying anything above $10 :/Pros:- amusing idea of ""Kovac"" character and his guides to survival- try & fail system of combining world's items into weapons and gear- maps contain some interesting elements (eg: child holding to a tree branch before falling for his death)Cons:- game graphics are 2.5D: platform like map structure with top-down perspective. Feels like something from 15 years ago...-the world feels more like ""game levels"" rather than actual islands invaded by zombies- story is trivial and boring, killing zombies is repetative as hell"
,Recommended,250400,26314694,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[Vulture]57,"Fun play, easy mode to craft, not really survival game, but this game is so fun ."
76561198094803808,Recommended,250400,17047733,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,VahidSlayerOfAll,Got Killed By Lightning 9/10i should also addLocal Co-op works great
,Not Recommended,250400,13823806,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BagNtag,Not a well rounded game as you may think.
,Recommended,250400,29397672,Posted: 21 January,all,Nik2038,I dont know why but i like it...
,Recommended,250400,14815487,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Lionarith,Nearly got killed by consecutive lightning strikes.
76561197991278752,Recommended,250400,13866178,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Misterbates™,"Great game, Great price! My wallet and I are happy."
,Not Recommended,250400,13715199,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aliandris,"I confess I don't understand the love this game gets.Some of the elements are mildly interesting, and the crafting system is most enjoyable of all.  Putting together a riot helmet with deer antlers attached (which is faithfully represented on your character) was passably amusing.  The journals added character and atmosphere, and the voice acting was fine.  Combat was nothing to write home about, but it wasn't awful either.Nothing really made the game into a hidden gem or elevated it beyond most other zombie-survival-crafting games, as far as I could tell.  It was short, the story was trite and predictable, and none of the things it did well were so good that I was wow'ed.How to Survive is sort of interesting, and is probably worth picking up on sale, but I can't say it's a must have.  I'm mostly left feeling like if you asked me whether or not to buy it in person I'd shrug and say ""I guess?"""
,Recommended,250400,9076292,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The Original Pickle Tickler,"How to survive is a great little diablo style zombie surival game it takes elements from  Dead Island and improves them ten fold for an indie game i have enjoyed it inmensly. One of the great features is the local Co op plug a game pad in and your friend can join in as well. Which i find is a rare thing now a days, the controls are pretty good i find the A,W,S,D movements a little clunky sometimes but overall it's not to much of an issue.The crafting in the game is a lot of fun, and adds a decent amount of challenge i like that you can collect all your ammo back after a big fight. The missions are basic fetch missions and though at first the food and thirst element of the game put me off it was balanced well so it wasn't a constant do i need food do i need water.  Kovac being a actual character in the game makes his rule book even better it add's a fun element to it.Overall it's a great game get it on sale or not you won't regret it if you want a fun little zombie game that doesn't require much to master, but does have a challenging element to it."
,Not Recommended,250400,25957021,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Cipher,"Originally, I purchased this game and was able to play through with no probled using my mouse and keyboard. I never, EVER, use a game controller for anything. I don't even own one.I purchased the sequal to the game, and likewise, experienced no problems playing with mouse and keyboard.  My first attempt to play multiplayer on this game, however, my mouse was like it wasn't even detected in the game. Nothing I could do would restore the game's ability to give me mouse and keyboard control, not even single player.  Not sure what happened, but I can't recommend this game to anyone based on such a sketchy performance."
76561198007782166,Not Recommended,250400,23019545,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,JRToken,An XBOX port. Keep that in mind. Clunky and unresponsive controls around a good idea and decent crafting. Buy this on sale or avoid. Barely worth the 99 cents
76561198140268019,Not Recommended,250400,22924949,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Kacperr0404,This game have a lot of bugs...
,Not Recommended,250400,24128944,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,[Ausk79]Alriosa,"I was hopping something more fun in this Game, Not some Sort of Path of Exile with more zombie Theme... I bought it really cheap so i don't feel like a great waste but i find it Truly boring."
,Not Recommended,250400,31518726,Posted: 2 May,all,Rose,Idk why but it got really boring after awhile. Not really a review per se I get that but I just didn't find the game that fun.
,Not Recommended,250400,17826836,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,|Doom| Sieg,Pretty terrible top down zombie survival 2/10ProsMultiplayerConsForces multiple players to use 1 cameraGameplay is not funCrafting is limited and boringStory is not interesting
76561198071323152,Recommended,250400,15323946,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,After finishing this game I'll tell you what this game is and isntIs:-Zombie killing game-weapons crafting game-survival game (you dont say)-weapons crafting gameIsnt:-survial game that lets you build fortress and live inside-tons of cafting recipesOverall 7/10
76561197984413156,Recommended,250400,8751434,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Liteit,"Was really impressed by this game. first i thought that's just new zombie crap, but I was wrong. Nights in the game are awesome. The game's atmosphere of survival is really nice made. Totally worth playing, but with the gamepad, tried with key+mouse and it was much harder, especially shouting,"
,Recommended,250400,16417437,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Pugu,Got it for a dollar.Worth it for a dollar.
,Recommended,250400,10763958,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,K1NG WALNUT,ye
,Recommended,250400,18778605,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,HaloDB,yes i realy like these game and its DLCs im trying to make my friend get these but he is saying no can you make it so you can get buy 1 get 1 free
,Not Recommended,250400,22335424,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Harley,I don't really care for the game. The gameplay is okay. The controls are really good and every thing flows real smoothly. The crafting is a lot of fun. Making your own weapons never gets stale. The story is your generic zombie survivor story. The main part of the game that prevents me from putting in more time is the camera angle. The way you view the game is in an isometric view.  I for one hate isometric games. The only reason i got the game was the game and all DLC were on sale in one collection. If its the type of game for you then by all means pick it up. The little time I had played it i had fun. But it was ultimitely the isometric camera angle that turned me off. At some point I might try to play it again and then maybe my review on it will change. But for now I'm gonna say no and leave it collecting dust in my gaming library.
,Not Recommended,250400,13533951,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ordo Skirata,"So boring..This review could change, if I ever get the energy to bother wasting anymore hours into this game.It's just so easy, a complete cakewall. And so boring. Luckily it's cheap!The gameplay elements consist of just whacking the zombies and moving back, pretty simple. At night some weird looking monsters come out which are scared of light, and not at all a problem if I'm honest. It's just utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ I believe I played for around an hour and decided that was enough.And for some reason there are tons of gravestones around the game, these mark the deaths of other people online who have died. I'm just very confused at how anyone manages to die in this game.One other thing.. Kovac's Rules. ♥♥♥♥ that guy is annoying, I watched the clips because I needed to know how to play the game, but his voice is unbearable. Along with his attempt at wit. The graphics for the tutorial videos are nice though.Overall pros & cons:Pros:- Didn't cost me too much (sale)- Controls work perfectlyCons:- Generally boring- Too easy- Horrible voices (Not just Kovac)- Not really a survival gametl;dr;I think this game sucks because it's boring & too easy. So happy I didn't buy the full edition with all the DLC."
,Not Recommended,250400,9068706,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,yeeeaaaahhhh braaaaahhhhhh,pretty ♥♥♥♥ing bad / 10
76561198014893519,Not Recommended,250400,33582872,Posted: 16 July,all,woppmof,"I don't like this game. Too much tutorials, repetitive gameplay. Nothing to figure out on your own. I don't know why this game has such a good rating. Playing this game is like doing stupid work."
76561198139532229,Not Recommended,250400,34593340,Posted: 29 August,all,yeahryan111,terrible gameplay
76561198098598092,Not Recommended,250400,12534604,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Rhabdo,"The hardest part about the game was trying to just keep it from crashing.  Apparently, the game was developed to only run smoothly on Windows XP.... which is great if you have a computer that's out of date.  I spent a few hours on various forums trying to figure a way around the problem (most suggestions involved changing names of folders and such) but with no success.  I finally just threw in the towel and quit playing the game altogether."
,Not Recommended,250400,26653093,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Volatile,The game is nothing more than your usual zombie shooter except for crafting - which is mainly story driven.Lack of sandbox and base building really shows itself.Score: 5.5/10
,Not Recommended,250400,33137093,Posted: 2 July,all,Moustafa ELwasif,"Very good game, but keeps crashing for no reason, I will change it to recommended when the developers help me to fix this. Thanks"
76561198013518692,Not Recommended,250400,7756475,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,∾PoP∾ Magnus - Primarch <JL>,"Really lazy game. This is literally set up to be my perfect game type and I'm disappointed 30 mins in. Voice acting is terrible. Camera angles are terrible. The animations are lazy. Nice idea, but it's just so bad. Probably was created by George Lucas to be included in the ""What Could Have Been Great"" series he is currently writing."
,Not Recommended,250400,7767671,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Oce,Completely poop.
,Recommended,250400,13508428,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Corrosion,it is pretty good
76561198018733044,Recommended,250400,30967583,Posted: 5 April,all,grandadbudda,What can i say for the money fantastic fun buy buy buy.
76561198026516901,Not Recommended,250400,12488803,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,nr3,What is this an Alpha relese?The game is buggy as hell. I see the xbox controller popping up in the game to inform me what to press. The online mode is missing some simple options lik to locate a game you want to play insted of waiting for someone match the exact same search you've done. You can't even skipp the intro of the story mode then the game crashes.The game if it would work seems to be a fun game but with all the bugs you can't even play it
76561198108492974,Not Recommended,250400,12528529,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,TomIsNoob,"Single player this game is very fun.  Unfortunately I bought it to play multiplayer and, to be honest, it kind of sucks in this mode for a number of reasons:1) You have to share a screen so if you don't stay next to each other then you get very limited vision,2) There is no way of turning off friendly fire.  If you fight next to each other you can do more damage to wach other than the zombies, this is especially annoying when coupled with point 1.3) There is no way of seeing who the other person is aiming (ranged weapon) at, meaning it is easy to walk into the path of fire and get shot in the back by your mate.  It also makes it very easy to waste ammo.4) Quest rewards seem to automatically go to player 1 (and player 2 doesn't get them).  If this is a better weapon it can leave player 2 pretty ineffectual until they manage to get one - which may take some time.5) On a similar note to point 4, the number of items or zombies found are not increased with more players.  I felt this made the game seem unnecessarily competitive."
,Not Recommended,250400,10202053,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Captain-Weasly,Avoid this abomination at all costs
,Not Recommended,250400,9026225,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,lex's coupon eating ac'count,"Waste of money and time... not worth that much ammount of money. Do NOT recommend. When I bought this game, I expected more of it. Honestly a waste of money, I.M.O. if I could go back in time, I wouldn't buy this game, and waste my money, that I could've used to buy cards and level up."
,Not Recommended,250400,9028633,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,subZero,"The game crashes every time I launch it. So, hence for, I do not recommend this for anyone. I'm glad I didn't pay more than 3,50€ of this."
76561198027395254,Not Recommended,250400,12262207,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Avenge The Cookie,"Glitchy with tons of crashes. Story mode isnt even playable for me, since i cannot complete the first mission before a crash, so i never get to the next save/checkpoint. Can hardly go 4 mins without a crash and this is the case for the majority of game users. It is a shame that such a popular game receives so little support."
,Not Recommended,250400,12476051,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,grayworks,Game doesn't work at all. Doesn't seem to be any support from the devs for >12 months. Buyer Beware
,Not Recommended,250400,12483405,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,TheEnclave,"Game overall not even worth the sale price of 3$. Controls are hard to understand, graves of other people dying everywhere, game is very confusing and I do not recommend purchasing."
,Recommended,250400,16416331,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,r3mus,"So i bought this game on steam sale for about 0,79 euro and i didnt thought anything of it , but it suprised me its a really good game and i recommend it , catch it for the price as you can!"
,Not Recommended,250400,7892924,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,capps,i hate it becauses it refuses to load. hmph
76561197971072413,Not Recommended,250400,23645009,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ThisKory,"The developers of this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and shouldn't be doing what they do... I have a dual monitor setup, I tried every option available and cannot play the game on my secondary monitor. Also, when I play in windowed mode, I cannot move the window to my secondary monitor, and I see two mouse pointers on the screen in the game. My regular mouse, and the game mouse pointer. They are offset though so it gets confusing. This game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥to setup on PC. There are minimal options to customize anything and it's just broken."
76561197960301023,Recommended,250400,16396894,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,IsraeliBigMan,Very good game.
76561198096140542,Recommended,250400,16395585,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,✪Magik,Very nice Game!
,Recommended,250400,16880432,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Jaddler,Spoons are coo. This game is cool. Is this game a spoon?
76561198009548103,Not Recommended,250400,11914539,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Tarantula,Arcadey. Meant for a controller. Works with keyboard. Skip unless you're doing playfire or steam cards.
76561198018294386,Not Recommended,250400,25461183,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,D☰△DCRUIS☰R,"Very repetitive and boring, couldn't even make myself start the game up the second time."
,Not Recommended,250400,16724530,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Faust,"Giuko/10Seriously though, it's just worth 1€ or less."
,Not Recommended,250400,16441432,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,randomkun,"This game is terrible ! Don't waste your money and time. I got by lightning, which hit (only me) 3 times in a row in the swamp. Some kinda bear attacked me, steal ALL OF MY ITEMS, I gave him 8 headshots and shoot like 20 times (pistol) and he died, but my items dissapeared, as a meat which dropped from him. Bear dropped meat, I cooked it and it dissapeared... Ah, also sometimes you CAN'T FIND ANY LOOT, sometimes you can find some sticks. Respawn anymation is sooo long, what makes me wanna hang myself. What should I add ? This game is borring. Quests in this game : GO THERE (another end of the map) TOOK THIS PIECE OF sh...BOAT, AND BRING IT BACK HERE. The only fun you get in this game fighting with a stick against 15 zombies and they most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way how you will die. You can abuse 1hit kill animation it will make progress faster.+80 zombies on a little island is weird dude especially after clearing whole island and finding it like nothing happened, hunger and dehydration is ridicilously crappy,Weird and op zombies at least put less of them, stamina is ♥♥♥♥ed up seriously who cant run for more than 5 meters, sleeping is ♥♥♥♥ed up too that you have to sleep or you fall asleep during combat but you have to active a alarm that makes all island on you for sleeping.4\10 for Humor. - IGNP.S. Music and another sounds very annoying and ♥♥♥♥ty."
76561198009358635,Not Recommended,250400,12752263,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mr. Satan Butterwolf,"Constant issues with co op play.  Like locking up every few minutes and having to restart the check point.  It gets old and after about 3 hours the game is now going on the shelf until the next update.  Not enough resources in game for co-op play, unable to switch between melee and ranged weapons without going into inventory.Lots of great ideas but with execution failing this is clearly still in beta.  I did not think I had bought an early access game, it doesn't say i bought an early access game but it has issues like one.Still, I hope they finish the game at some point and iron out the bugs, my gal and I would really like to keep playing.  However at this point the lock ups and restarts are taking the fun out of it."
,Recommended,250400,16434106,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,AEGIS,Fun not to hard which is a nice change.
76561198088460031,Recommended,250400,28101654,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Classic,.
,Not Recommended,250400,33405027,Posted: 9 July,all,Misterswagg,"i will not recommend it bc it's not a really fun game the quality isn't good, will not play it agian"
,Not Recommended,250400,16519071,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gandalf The Badass Wizard,well this game isn't a survival game like others.. this game is more about killing zombies
,Not Recommended,250400,28935868,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,I'm not sure.The co-op had a bug. So 'no' at the moment.
76561198103356888,Recommended,250400,31630971,Posted: 8 May,all,rsmiley0690,Can't stop playing the game!!!
76561198049496157,Not Recommended,250400,33021000,Posted: 29 June,all,Twisty,Boring af
,Not Recommended,250400,8858074,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mandarin Chili Slut,"Simply put it's not worth it. Linear, boring and a tad overpriced. There's hardly any open world-ness to it. It's definitely not a left for dead where you run around ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bricks on every zombie you see."
,Not Recommended,250400,9578830,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Razoredge198,You want to know how to survive?NotBuyingThisGame.:)
76561197983927663,Not Recommended,250400,9503968,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Janezky,One of the worst games what I have ever been played on Steam.
,Not Recommended,250400,17947126,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,More Sly,"I like this game, I'll continue to play it, but I can't give it a good review.The core of the game is great, obviously and overdone concept but I went into it expecting it to be a zombie Don't Starve. It isn't. While the crafting system is very experimental - probably the most rewarding part of the game - It's shafted by very basic oversights like storage. Crafting is a core concept, but nothing you pick up can be stored and so you have to drop stuff all over the place due to your limited inventory. A crafting based game like this NEEDS storage.The second is saving. Saving is difficult, if that was the mission, well done. You can only save in positions you sleep. Not where travel points are, not where missions are or any beginning safe points you can go to in a snag, but shelters that you have to find a fight off a horde to unlock; you know, something you might want to save before you do. It makes half the game involve running back and fourth to these save points so you don't lose significant progress and it's simply annoying.All these issues could be very simply fixed by allowing modding, but until at the VERY LEAST the mod community has been allowed to take over, I can't give this game a good review. It'll be great after that."
76561197993060918,Not Recommended,250400,14097884,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Aquinas,6/10
,Not Recommended,250400,20093773,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fellvoid,"This is what happens when a game lacks a Director or any type of person that knows how to lead a project. At best, ""How to Survive"" looks, feels and plays like a unfinished beta that should have never released. At it's worse, it's a bad comedy, full with terrible animations, badly implemented mechanics and simply unfun gameplay. From the very begining there is a contradiction in this game - it sounds and feels like something that takes itself rather seriously and just a few moments later Borderland's version of a russian Isaac Clarke pops up and tries being comedic relief. This game lacks any sort of general direction. It's absolutely clear that the developers had no idea what they were doing with this and how it has a positive score is beyond me. If you are the type of person to be bothered with things like these, you will be very anoyed by ""How to Survive"", as I ultimately was. The lack of effort and concentration took it's toll here. The concept has been done (with better execution), the art direction is generic, the controls are terrible and the writing is plain awful. However, if you don't care much and you are in to shallow timewasters that look and play badly, you might be the next positive review on this game's page."
,Not Recommended,250400,10112685,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Soviet,Not realyl worth it.It's like a Zombie RPG.I Rapidly lost interest. Couldnt finish it. (bored)
76561198002095876,Not Recommended,250400,12291364,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Vondur,If you are a zombie game fan like me.... then the zombie athmosphere isn't that great and this game should not be picked as such. This could have been done with whatever evil minions. When seeing the small ape in constume with a talking parrot giving out quests... I quit playing.
76561198113262459,Recommended,250400,13834892,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,b-rabbit,S
,Not Recommended,250400,12019644,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Schalmont,Pff keşke güzel diyebilseydim ama kötü  15 dolar değmez anca 5 dolar çerez niyetine en fazla 15 saat veya 20 saat oynarsın
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,250400,12101741,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Hade,"You have to follow a pre-determind path, which to me is completely boring as there is no room for variation. There's no randomness to the game. You find what you're supposed to find, when you're supposed to find it."
76561198064268111,Not Recommended,250400,14846946,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,audiosurfer88,"Loved it, then hated it.Pros:-Pick up and Play-Infinite Gameplay, sort of?-Humorous rip off of Borderland's Marcus's russian accent-Crafting and Leveling up is decent and fun.Cons:-Saving and Checkpoints SUCK so that defeats the purpose of pick up and play. Also defeats the purpose of crafting somewhat since the game won't even remember the last few things you picked up.-Small repetitive maps make the game's world... well, Repetitive!-They wasted my money by releasing dlc after what I may call an incomplete game to begin with.-Multiplayer forces you to be on the screen on the same time no matter what.-The game's graphics look ugly and even though I don't care for graphics too much, they could have made it easier on the eyes...Bottom Line if you haven't bought this game then lucky you!$20 for the NoT GamE oF tHe Year  Edition, Click Above!However I wouldn't buy it if you haven't tried Torchlight II yet (which I can't get myself to like either) but Torchlight, Minecraft, and Terraria are all better games for me.In terms of zombie games this isn't bad... But like I said; In terms of ""Zombie Games""... And that is not saying much..."
,Not Recommended,250400,15714783,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,MachineZero,How to play a boring game
76561198093424933,Not Recommended,250400,19968559,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,✪♕♠♥Rias♥♠♕✪,Fetch quest simulator 2k15
,Not Recommended,250400,13940343,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,A must have for anyone who likes ♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombie games!
,Not Recommended,250400,16867602,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Bushido Brown,Won't even let me invite my friends to join. . .
,Not Recommended,250400,22280679,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Floxianable,"Theres not a whole lot this game has to offer, and what it did didnt interest me personally. Its basically an average top down zombie game with a crafting system and semi-survival feel to it, play the first mission and see if it interests you, if not I reccomend refunding."
,Not Recommended,250400,14803592,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,0MrFantasticFace ☭,great but short game
,Not Recommended,250400,25376585,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,jamie72,Bad game in general
,Not Recommended,250400,10052288,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Moonlighter,"I pre-purchased this, anticipated its release. Then I played it. After 10 minutes, I realized what I had purchased. However, on the positive, I did learn a valuable lesson for a mere $14.99:DONOTPRE-PURCHASEVIDEO GAMES.I don't care how enticing the trailers, demos, Steam descriptions, or any other mediums of promotion for ANY game appear to be, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HYPE. Watch and read not just one, but MULTIPLE first impressions, reviews, or walkthroughs to acquire a genuine, multi-facted perspective on a game upon it's release BEFORE you pay for it.This game is an example that really didn't receive much publication or advertisement, but one I purchased on impulse, because I liked what I saw and read. I consider myself relatively conservative when it comes to spending MONEY (not talking politics), and after playing this, I could have just thrown $15 in a public toilet and flushed it, and it would evoke the same feelings.I realize that this certainly isn't much of an objective review as it is a digressive rant on pre-purchasing video games.GAMERS, BE WARY."
,Not Recommended,250400,12293264,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SillyBuns,It sucks
,Recommended,250400,9041388,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Toad Man,best game ever
76561197994758466,Not Recommended,250400,11545631,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,BaBa,"Repetitive gameplay, co-op forces same screen view, crafting aspect is fun but overall gameplay is boring.  3/10 at best."
76561198006361320,Not Recommended,250400,16408650,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cat Pussy,"coop sucks, u have to wait for the other person to finish reading their quests, u can punch ur friends in the face, ur friend doesnt get the same quest reward loot, and random crash no thanks... pls refund my dollar! i got babies to feed!"
,Not Recommended,250400,28881223,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,~Kevin~,"Fun game and there is a lot to do.  However, having to use wsad to move ruins it.  Top down games have been around for 20+ years with only using the mouse to move.  Why reinvent the wheel?For people who have been playing diablo style games for 2 decades, using wasd is a waste of time.  Mouse movement works, why change."
76561198013246572,Recommended,250400,10223216,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Rulka The Sultan,Way better than i expected. Great crafting system. Fun combat and can either be played on easy or can get very challenging
76561198128915496,Recommended,250400,10225306,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,InvaderToden,yep good price nice game me happi just needs a tweakin for the multiplayer story mode i was playing with a friend and only one of us had a weapon for a long time but other than that sweet zombie kill good yea n stuff
76561198092423900,Recommended,250400,10213695,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Smoke Weed erday,Another disapointment like always expecting it to be the best game ever but next thing you know *bleep* IT ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250400,10213189,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,AngelofDev,"Some minor bug fixes required but a very fun survival game to play, it's like DayZ with a hint of Jagged Alliance. The crafting possibilities with the items are unbeliveably awesome.3.5/5"
,Recommended,250400,12856094,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Awakeland,full controller suport dose not work on this game only keybored :(
,Not Recommended,250400,13850178,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Odd,Bought it for the coop and it completely sucks. At least was cheap.
,Not Recommended,250400,10119821,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,DeeWeext --programmer,"This game is aweful. We played it co-op, you can't get enough this for armour, but red upgrades, food, water and potions are ENDLESS, the game has maybe 3 different zombies types, no real story line, more like task running, the final boss was the only challenge, lots of backtracking, oh and the bugs.. THE BUGS.. EEEEVERYWHERE"
76561197975898176,Not Recommended,250400,10197499,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Dr Lucien Shancez MD,"Its a twin stick shooter that has a lot to offer. You get to craft weapons as you navigate through the story mode. Thats about it, its a 4-5 out of ten. Once you find out which is the best weapon you'll stick with that for the rest of the game and that is the problem. There isn't enough scope with the weapons to keep you till the end.I was ill the last time I played this and therefore felt like a zombie. Go and get project zomboid / State of Decay"
76561198030754111,Not Recommended,250400,31593616,Posted: 6 May,all,Dobie_Catcher,"Horrible, just horribleThere are glitches where the story wont progressEverythings confusingAnd I can't continue, ive already tried 4/5 timesAnd there is no point telling you where your objective is.Plz dont buy"
,Recommended,250400,14263256,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,NinjaWearPants,BEST GAME EVER!!!!! 10/10!!!
,Recommended,250400,7561106,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Jin_Fenix,Este juego no os puede faltar a nadie quienes les guste la supervivencia y el desarollo de un pj sin armas asta equiparse de por si solo con armas a presion de aire y otras aparte de tener una gran calidad y una gran diversion :D y ser una pasada de juego es un juego que realmente merece la pena tener :3 consejo aprovechar solo en oferta
,Recommended,250400,23473716,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,3Snek,Russia Simulator 2016
76561198171267329,Not Recommended,250400,24745038,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,xXT3cHn07r0nXx,i personally dont like it   its severely boring
,Not Recommended,250400,15234360,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,✝ Meatbolt® ✝  מַלְכֵּי־צֶדֶק,♥♥♥♥
76561198158759095,Not Recommended,250400,24746785,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Zenwarmaker Gaming,Its an ok game but not the best
76561198030588067,Not Recommended,250400,13164083,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Huxwell,Boring Game
,Recommended,250400,33073432,Posted: 1 July,all,Creepy Noodles,How to Survive:You Can't
,Recommended,250400,33076945,Posted: 1 July,all,GRAVITY,Great
76561198143390553,Recommended,250400,25296899,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,☺♥☺GaRdEnMeR☺♥☺,good
76561197963648068,Recommended,250400,7626853,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,sKorpion,Zombie lovers will enjoy this title!a unique approach and very polished experience.RPG element is thin... but the fun crafting makes up for it!
76561198165877558,Recommended,250400,21041505,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,diesel x,REALLY LIKE THE GAME ITS CHALLGING AND TOUCH. UM. A ME AGAINST THE WORLD KIND OF FEEELING.  FINDING THINGS I DROP WAS A PAIN BUT THAT WAS KIND OF FUN TOO. OVER ALL I GIVE IT A 9/10. THATS WHY GOT IT FOR THE PS4
,Not Recommended,250400,21207410,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Hi Nigerrr ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Kovac's REALLY not that funny.
76561198143395684,Not Recommended,250400,13979131,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Bubbles Cobra,CRAP!!!!   this game is not fun i paid $1.00 on it and i want it back
,Not Recommended,250400,12113819,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Doggo,too bugs man ♥♥♥♥..
,Recommended,250400,26556183,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GlitchGeek,Not bad
76561198046053770,Not Recommended,250400,16437877,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Radooku,"Me and my friend bought this for the coop. We spent 2 hours trying to make it work, on any mode, but we failed. Don't buy it. It's broken."
,Not Recommended,250400,16408190,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Yurnero,bought this game when it was 95% off and even then i still want a refund
,Not Recommended,250400,26068205,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SANJAY,чо блия за хуеняяяя!
76561198165126436,Not Recommended,250400,15524095,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,bulletsponge12,Should have listened to reviews. This has potential but its just an utter clusterf^&k of incomptetent item management. Mundane repetitive garbage. Complete waste of money. Only people who would purchase and enjoy this are the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that purchase a 2 door Saturn ION and attempt to modify it for street race....
76561198157985952,Not Recommended,250400,18057078,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,[DC] Kareem,its sucks bad qualtiy game dont waste ur money for it
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,250400,18119150,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Vali,"Not worth it by a long shot, they promised so much but delivered barely anything.. Its close to a scam, stay far away from their products"
,Not Recommended,250400,18047859,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Big Money Nenad,"He come to me with money in his handHe offered me, I didn't ask himI wasn't knocking someone's door down, I was running from thatWhen I got out, I was in thatI was already through that, I had thatI had the studioI went to the studioI went to Fox studiosI had it all, and I looked at it and said, ""This is a bigger jail than I just got out of""I don't want to take my time going to workI got a motorcycle and a sleeping bag and ten or fifteen girlsWhat the hell I wanna go off into and go to work for?Work for what, money? I got all the money in the worldI'm the king, manI run the underworld, guyI decide whos does what and where they do it atWhat am I gonna run around and act like I'm some teenybopper somewhere for somebody else's money?I make the money, manI roll the nickelsThe game is mineI deal the cards"
76561197994003201,Not Recommended,250400,15233555,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ScrunchMcBunch,It kinda sucks.
,Not Recommended,250400,16692087,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,★hambalu★,♥♥♥♥ING THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥IF U PLAY MULTI PIPI
,Recommended,250400,24195974,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dcc105ruler,"""Kovak Told Me To Say!!""""Even though when I posted this I only played for 0.4 hours that its a great game and suprisingly fun! Also you hear intense scary music from nowhere then a flood of Zombies comes after you! Its a great joy when you have a stick of fire when it happens too, even though they dont die as soon as you hit them they still turn into crisps!""""Also he said to say even though some people are atracted to the zombies don't touch them, I don't know how many people he gets like that on the Island but it was enough for him to yell at me to say that..."""
,Not Recommended,250400,27566422,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ogenko,causes nausea
,Recommended,250400,16151572,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,WhOaMi,Time kiler
,Not Recommended,250400,13532298,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Farq Hoff,"Don't alt-tab out of full-screen mode as it will crash, also it crashes randomly too. This wouldn't be too much of a problem if you could save whenever, but you can only save at huts so you will lose most of your progress if you don't trek across the map every 5 minutes. When it is working it's fun finding how to craft new gear, scavenging etc... But i've played it for around 30 minutes and it has crashed twice."
76561198021757575,Recommended,250400,7473654,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,A VERY VERY ♥♥♥♥ING AWSOME GAME!!
76561198161360154,Not Recommended,250400,18734395,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,AzriLuqman,This game does not support NEW GAME PLUS systemIve got to play all over again
76561198005662292,Not Recommended,250400,13819731,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,brokbrok,I got this game because it reminded me of the very funny Worst Case Scenario survival guides. The game however suffered from a lack of fun.
,Recommended,250400,14075042,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Slaydread,"really fun, can play for hours."
,Recommended,250400,15328628,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,⎛⎛Jofer⎞⎞,"Not a master piece, but i bought it for a pound something and im having fun playing coop with a friend :)Its starts out a bit too easyBut it gets harder as the game goes onI think im on the last island atmAnd bad positioning has cost me my life to fish and boomers a couple of times now :)"
76561197975041945,Not Recommended,250400,15635682,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Delfrod,Fascinating survival zombie hack 'n shoot game but it lacks content and the maps are not open enough.
,Not Recommended,250400,23718761,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tomato ass,"This is filled with repetitive gameplay, brown and green color pallet, below average voice acting, and controls that make you feel like a bloated 3 legged ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ donkey. I'd wait until this game hits another sale until you buy it."
76561198190286963,Not Recommended,250400,16485237,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Im-Awful,not worth the 99 cents i paid for it on sale steam i want my money back0/10 ign worst game of the year
76561198072649927,Not Recommended,250400,22588808,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,David,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,250400,19945380,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Joe,"Good game, but im bored"
,Recommended,250400,10826348,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Saint Satan,Pretty fun so far.7/10
76561197989999382,Not Recommended,250400,16395009,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sorcierloup,"Graphically not very interesting but what really matters is the gameplay. The inventory is creapy, the ennemies quite limited. The difficulty rises just in term of number of ennemies and of tides of ennemies (while ennemies also win equipment like helmet and kevlar).Boring after just a couple of hours."
76561198171867953,Recommended,250400,13824286,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Strange Yogurt Juices,Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Some good zombie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,250400,28419086,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,XYZ,"Absolutely great game, just need a friend."
,Not Recommended,250400,34472854,Posted: 24 August,all,リヴァイ・アッカーマン,crash everywhere
,Recommended,250400,13890194,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Heaven`s Feel,lineal game but works
76561197996972957,Not Recommended,250400,20290101,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sir Evans,"I will cut it short.This game is a hack&slash (think of diablo 1) where enemies are zombies.It has NOTHING to do with a survival in any way.Very poor storyline and narration (lame attempts at humour and irony), very annoying enemies (tons of armoured zombies on seemingly empty island).Some rudimentary crafting of armours and weapons, most skills useless, and worst of all - totally boring.This game has no replay value. Avoid like a plague."
76561197981347758,Recommended,250400,31173890,Posted: 16 April,all,waspdog1=(dp)=,best game ive played in ages
76561198092454844,Not Recommended,250400,31182450,Posted: 16 April,all,GET RECKEDby me...,it is not  good at all  i don't like it and when i refundid it it didint give me my money back what a whast
,Not Recommended,250400,9485079,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Malice Jack,"I Pay A Good Variety Of Games, Zombies Are ONE of My Favorite Type, Got This Pre- Ordered And Played It For 10-15 Minutes and I Hated The Controls. But I Been Very Weary To Write A Review, Since New Games Need Patches And So Forth.Hence, I Came Back To Play the game Very Happy Assuming I Have Past Judgement To Haste.But I Didnt Went back And Tired And No Love For This Game SImply Based OFF Controls Alone.I Couldne Get The Hard Aiming/Movement Canceling Attacks While The Enemy Runs FluidlyI Hope This Helps, Though Again High Hopes And I Wish They Was More To Say-Malice Jack"
76561198090248428,Recommended,250400,14603143,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,zoink csgoroll.com,"That last level is nearly impossible, yet this game rocks. Even thought I lack the space to carry fuel for my chainsaw, this game is awesome! 87/100!"
,Recommended,250400,14185728,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,JustSmile,Good game to play with my brother
,Recommended,250400,10947229,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,game over,"Great game, nice multiplayer."
76561198087879995,Recommended,250400,7485646,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Plasma,it's a fun game if your into crafting and zombies
76561198036662065,Recommended,250400,7489235,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Hashash,"Brilliant Survival zombie game, craft your own weapons and destroy undead anyway you want."
,Recommended,250400,24816027,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Chauris,50/50 Not best game with zombies but not worst :)
,Recommended,250400,16621826,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[NMA] Dimitar ✠,Good game.
76561198083760499,Recommended,250400,25327206,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Flyingbird,"Great game! definitely if you like ""Survival"" ""adventure"" ""Good story"" ""crafting"" ""a Challenge"". but my review on the game is... 9/10 I would play agian."
,Recommended,250400,23224756,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,gRape,noice'¨
,Recommended,250400,10234442,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"This is actually a really good game. I'm pretty sure any negative reviews this game got was from mouth breathers who probably can't even figure out how to download the steam client and create an account, let alone play a game requiring any semblance of hand eye coordination."
,Recommended,250400,13799697,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ϟϟ Köffi ϟϟ,( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ HOW TO DELETE GAME ( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮
76561197993357850,Not Recommended,250400,16909107,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Hibou,"An Inferior Don't Starve on every point:_ No real sandbox element, more like a zombie survival/ solo campaign hybrid._ Story is pathetically bad (think Doom 3, except even worse: Scientists experiments failed...)._ Horrible atmosphere (music, sound, everything sounds low budget)._ Extremely linear worlds (fill objective, change map, gg wp)._ Questionnable Collisions Boxes (get stuck by a wall of zombies happens)_Tedious Monkey games (most of the time the reward isn't even worth it).I wouldn't recommend this game to anybody - Except people with horrible tastes.4/10"
,Not Recommended,250400,12663334,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ArcanaUnknown,The ideas are good but the gameplay is repetitive and doesn't give you any real drive to finsh.
76561198078475295,Not Recommended,250400,12274884,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,a Lv70 Azerate appeared !,"♥♥♥♥ you dev, only game on steam that crash every 5min !....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198353264280,Recommended,250400,34525666,Posted: 27 August,all,FayDon,This game is very cool.PlusFighting systemStory ModChallangesVoice ActingMinusNot realistic Animation
,Recommended,250400,10525479,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MuffinDude,Very good game with a nice story and crafting system!
,Recommended,250400,18120390,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,AntiVVeaboo,"The GameplayAMAZINGYov move the char vvith KEYBOARDand for the MICE,it only for click object,attackso DIS GAME DIFFERENT FROM ANOTHERRTS,OR ARPG (Action RPG).like Diablo,Age Of Empire SeriesDIS IS GAME IS DA REVOLVTION OV GAMING !!"
,Not Recommended,250400,12268933,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,TheF1zZ,"Game does not work at all. I can play for about 3 minutes in story mode before it crashes.  This is not an isolated problem, my room mate bought it at the same time as me on his pc as well and his did the same exact thing.  Both PCs are custom built gaming machines.  Bottom Line: They will take your money and leave you with something that does not work."
76561198052251167,Not Recommended,250400,28897003,Posted: 1 January,all,mattgroom,1 too short (17 hour game)2. buy only on massive discount. 80%
,Not Recommended,250400,10180912,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Poop Wilson,sucks♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,250400,10133559,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Griffin,"Game is too easy and the stuff respawning is very annoying. You'll never run out of supplies but you will run out of bag space very quickly, the gameplay would be a lot cooler if instead of story it was an open world with the ability to make your own house or something. As is I got bored very quickly and the only weapon worth even using is a boomerang because its 1.Ranged 2.Infinite 3. High damage. Just gather 3 bones (find one bone pile and make it respawn if you're super lazy) and some flint from the first island and you'll have a weapon you can use the rest of the game. I bought the game when it was $4 and thats about what this game is worth, I wouldn't recommend buying it at full price."
,Not Recommended,250400,15275055,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,APA.minds,"I hate when companies use ""SURVIVAL"" word and the game is actually something else. Frankly speaking this game is to move one place to the other and kill same zombies again and again with the survival word stuck to its name. Survival is when you take charge and find ways to survive where this game has nothing but going back and fourth doing slightly different stuff which is controlled by game mechanics and you cannot do or explore anything yourself (you gotta do what game tells you to do). Do you see a survival aspects in this? I don't.."
76561198035776207,Not Recommended,250400,13859798,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Crazy Chuck,I want my 2 dollors back
,Not Recommended,250400,10047605,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,reinerar,boring as playing with clay
,Not Recommended,250400,13485946,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Skrat,"No, unless it's on sale again for 3 bucks, just no. It looked kinda cool, and starting off it was. Finding all the ""rules"" of survival and slowly getting introduced to it, it was all well and fun. I also liked the fact that it was just normal zombies at first, with the exception of occasional bloater type fat guys, but that didn't last long either. Zombie crabs are annoying as crap. The zombie deer is more dangerous than anything apparently. 20 arrows sticking out of its skull and it's still charging around. These controls just aren't made for that kind of action. -_-It's set up to be a good game, it really is, but it just didn't quite make it. Like most of the other games on the market, it's unfinished, and had its balls chopped off to be sold later as DLC. That's something I can't support. Not to mention that when I got through what felt like the introduction tutorial, I was already 48% done with the Story Mode .... Just about an hour or so of gameplay in the Story Mode and now I'm at 68%. I was really hoping for a bigger game, or at least an open ended kind of mode, but no ... apparently that's DLC. Go figure.The only positive thing I have to say about this game is that yes, it does feel fun to play, considering the poor aiming ability with a bow. It COULD have been a really great game, the ""surviving"" part isn't too tedius but it's there enough to be considered, but the game is just wayyyyyy too small.So yeah, another♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game that didn't get finished and I wasted a few bucks. Never buy anything unless its 80% anymore for that very reason."
,Recommended,250400,25037461,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,MrPapaya,pretty fun
76561198122351815,Recommended,250400,16930522,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,legodj16 BoostedBanobo,How To Survive is that kind of game that makes you want to play just a little moreHow To Survive offers:-A nice Survival setting-Zombie Slashing-Huge Crafting system-More Zombie Slashing-Quests-Exploration-More Zombie Slashing-CoopPros:Very good gameplayGood Crafting System4 island to exploreDifferent tipes of enemiesLots of QuestsIron Man mode for those Hardcore survival gamersCoopCons:Islands are too smallSometimes Coop doesn't work wellBad voice acting for some characters8/10
,Recommended,250400,16376969,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,YUNG Xlᴏmme2k,"Really good game, decent/good story, for sure some plottwists i didnt expect. good combat. good co-op feature, very simple, alot of fun!9/11allahu akbar"
76561198039305661,Recommended,250400,24739845,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,gunsaremagic,its ok i guess just play it with a freind :/
,Not Recommended,250400,28745902,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Old Hat,Does not run well at all.
76561198076906839,Not Recommended,250400,8827898,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Sammypie64,Wouldn't pay more then $5 for this game
76561198119600365,Not Recommended,250400,12320920,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,deadmanlastwish,"HateThis game shares almost everything with DEAD ISLAND and RIPTIDE, and I mean everything! The crafting is the same and the enemies (with the exception the DI has gangs that shoot at you and actual guns not crap that you make from junk} However unlike DI and DI:RT the characters Skill actual help them and their is much more ammo for guns and even  incendiary ammo (with dlc) and One Boss Zombie with (Most) of the missions not being repeditive. Still this game sucked and bad DI and DI:RT"
76561198010827924,Not Recommended,250400,14072558,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Santino,"Out of all the games I purchased this one is the worst. The game won't load on my windows 7 & install or on my windows 8.1. Never have I seen such a crappy bit of software.My advice. if you're thinking of buying this game then don't. You wont be able to get a refund from steam.This is what happens when steam allow indie developers that dont have the basic skills to sell games.Devs, go back to flipping burgers."
,Not Recommended,250400,12019860,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Flexo,"developer, who create such kind of games, should be beaten till they beg for mercy."
,Not Recommended,250400,19296556,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,BOPYRIGHT,boring as ♥♥♥♥. stupid as ♥♥♥♥. gay as ♥♥♥♥. do not buy. no wonder this game went on sale for like 98% off
,Recommended,250400,24262695,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ShapeShifterZX,How to survive educated me for real life situations.... Thnx Kovac 10/10 would be russian
,Recommended,250400,8272909,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Iskukip,"So this is How to Survive, Its an Isometric Survival game. Heres some features:*Light Crafting (Not much to make)*Small Islands*Nice Combat (Some weapons are overpowered and if used constantly you'll be done with the game in an hour)*No end Game (Replayability is Non-existant)Overall Score = 7.9Pros: Funny Dialog, Nice Graphics, Online and Local COOP (Same Screen), Light Crafting and +5 enemy types.Cons:Linear, Not Sandbox, Small Environments, Combat gets boring and repetative and No freeroam."
76561198045926749,Not Recommended,250400,11551787,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,pseudo13,"pros:-it has potential?cons:-mostly fetch quests-narrow paths make the map more of a maze than an open world, making the fetch quests longer than they should be.-very limited graphics options, only editable in launcher.-60fps when im alone but drops to 20fps when more than 1 zombie is on the screen. GTX 760. (is there some setting i missed?)-ui can be a bit clunky at times.-""clown car"" zombie hordes. 100 zombies come out of 1 shack.-combat is very repetative.-tries to be an rpg and a survival game and fails at both.bought this game on sale for 4 bucks and its not even worth that."
76561198021962839,Not Recommended,250400,28307592,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,rogueci5,"I enjoyed this game for some time, and then forgot about it.Still can not bring myself to go back to it.If its cheap grab it, I ean 15 hours is ok for a few bucks."
,Recommended,250400,10237031,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,✪ Arrowsmith,"Pretty good concept in that its a birds eye view survivval game, it is a lot like dead island in that it will have your chasing items only to find you need more to complete your tasks, online co-op needs major improvement as the lag makes it almost unbearable to play.."
76561198125306391,Not Recommended,250400,18335783,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sneaky,"i didnt really liked the gamei bought it for 1 dollarnot even worth this dollar, and dont even talk about $15!dont buy it pls, at least for not freaking $15"
,Not Recommended,250400,29433427,Posted: 22 January,all,METROSEXUAL FRUITCAKE GARY,"repetitive, boring, buggy and hardly worth the price"
,Not Recommended,250400,13837864,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,woop de chicken coop,Every time I open the game it messes up my screen and i have to restart my computer.GPU:  Geforce GTX 970CPU:  Intel Core i7-3770 @3.40 GHzMemory: 10 GB usableResolution: 1920 x 1080OS: Win 8.1
,Not Recommended,250400,18127480,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,S33ker,Controls are all F'd up and gamepad controls are even more F'd up. Also my character's arms just kept moving out of their sockets... seriously... wtf.
,Recommended,250400,22864591,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,yepi <3,Nice Game!
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,250400,26054490,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,7thsojurn,"This game has not very good upgrades and lot of over walming enemy, it has poor item use and not that fun to me maybe others..."
76561197988032575,Not Recommended,250400,22316958,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sleviron,♥♥♥♥♥this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad.. just everything......
,Recommended,250400,20128985,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lucasones,
,Not Recommended,250400,15230579,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DEAL WITH IT,NOT RECOMMENDED.
,Recommended,250400,30141076,Posted: 24 February,all,FuLSy│G2,Koplak Rules!!!Chapter 69 : Fapping ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)1.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)2.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)3.Enjoy ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,250400,10211895,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,IAmDontKnow69,YES 100% BUY
,Recommended,250400,10213415,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Laɀa℟us,A really nice game!
76561198044408166,Recommended,250400,10213617,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Hot Slab Of Ass,yes get it
,Recommended,250400,7508981,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Crunchy Soap,"How to Survive presents a new take on the zombie genre, with an indie game feel to it and the gameplay of an RPG. While it certainly needs more work, it's a very fun game as is. With multiple characters to choose from, it makes starting a new game feel less stale. The skills are okay, but I found them to be useless after leveling up past the first few skills to choose from. The gameplay is repetitive, but fun! How to Survive also has a good balance between scary moments, and comedic aspects. The game length severely depends on how you play. I like to savor a new game, so it took me about 8 hours to finish it. Unfortunately, it's one of those games with a fairly disappointing ending and a lame final ""boss"" battle. All in all, it's an entertaining title that's fairly worth the $15. With the addition of an online story co-op mode, some new characters, maps, stories, combos, monsters, and weapons, the game will never lose it's value.My Rating: 6.5/10"
,Recommended,250400,16434489,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,a$ap cocky,9/11 love dis game bruh
76561198258565739,Not Recommended,250400,33559259,Posted: 15 July,all,owleh,it crashes a lot
,Recommended,250400,16933354,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,¡TUSK3N¡ - discord.gg/4RJrpKg,"Great game,to idle for cards."
,Not Recommended,250400,19981613,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Wealthyear,i want a refund this game sucks
76561198083866853,Recommended,250400,20057441,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Shadow Hunter,"Well what is there to say about ""How to Survive""? Well, for one, they could've called it ""Surviving for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and have the same effect!Not bragging, but having played some of the hardest survival games on Steam, I can personally say that the ""survival"" aspect of this game, is barebones at best. For one you can only drink at pre-selected areas, and if your character runs low on any of their needs, you do not die, but rather you cannot dash (which is fairly important, but i digress), and can only sleep at selected areas. Also there are quests (quests in a survival game...ehhh....) and ""bosses"" before you leave every island (bosses in a survival game, now that's ridiculous). What you have here is Diablo 2 with survival aspects thrown in. The islands are hardly sandbox with mostly pre-beaten out paths... Hardly stuff of survival games.There's also another fairly big annoyance and that's there is no storage in the game, not even in the safe sleep areas, which means that if you want to keep something for later use you have to throw it on the ground and retrieve it later, which is a nuisance.To add onto that...DLC! I detest DLC for many different reasons and ""How To Survive's DLC is a great example why... most of the DLC is garbage, with at most giving you some new skins and new missions to play (this missions are not part of the main game by the way), in otherwords, I'd value them at their Steam Sale price, of about 50 cents for them ALL.Now you may be wondering to yourself ""then why are you giving this game a thumbs up"", well, for one, even though it is Diablo 2 with survival aspects in it... it does everything else BUT the survival parts, VERY well. The combat is fun and challenging sometimes with various zombie types to watch out for that requires you to mix up your strategies and arsenal, for example, don’t want to use a ranged weapon? There are exploding fat zombies that if they get too close will kill you in an instant (or at least knock out a huge portion of your health), in otherwords be prepared to mix up your arsenal. Also the boss fights (although intrusive for a ""survival game""), are interesting and will keep you on your toes. The DLC (UGH DLC) and the games missions, are rather fun and challenging and might keep you entertained for an hour or two.In otherwords the game itself, even if not on sale, would be worth it's price tag of $15, however, wait and buy it on sale...I mean...cmon...The DLC is trash, if not on a STEEP sale, don’t even look at it...In otherwords, gear up, look for the monkeys and get ready to be taugh about your body by a Russian man named ""Kovak"", it's zombie killing time!Total, I'd rate this game a 7/10...DLC 3/10. =)"
,Recommended,250400,25282496,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,memelord,10/10 get the game
76561198377821208,Recommended,250400,31203152,Posted: 17 April,all,cnash45634,Great game you should get it
,Not Recommended,250400,12799152,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Peccancy,"How to Survive is more or less a minimalistic RPG bringing nothing new to the table. Fans of the zombie theme will like it as long as they are not bored by the game's repetitive setting, limited combat system and wasted potential of crafting."
,Not Recommended,250400,9488870,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,KLUCK,I bought his game 3rd day it released it was all xbox controller layouts for the tutorials so if ou want to play this game easiliy use a 360 controller
,Recommended,250400,15240818,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Vaylgar,"Fun game doesnt last long, not much content maybe 6 -8 hours of game time before you finish the content. Buts till fun."
76561198007170387,Recommended,250400,7461012,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,dante-26,"то что надо ,супер игра!!!!"
,Not Recommended,250400,14477909,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,b0st0n,u need to shair your screan when u play online its so ♥♥♥♥ing gay dont get this for the co-op
,Not Recommended,250400,16411835,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ADDcoolio,"Having played this on xbox 360, I thought I would buy it again and jump in to enjoy as it was extremely fun the first time around, after downloading it and starting it up with a friend, I promptly found out that it was ported over really poorly, I don't reccomend this game unless it is bought on a console as you can actually play then."
76561198076620690,Not Recommended,250400,16745095,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ramachandra,"Uterly boring game, way worst than expected. Irritating tutorial, limited optoins and repetative. Save your money even it is on sale for 1$!"
,Not Recommended,250400,9410274,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,alex petrov,complete crap... :(
76561198382131570,Recommended,250400,31180740,Posted: 16 April,all,gold_m_51,Nice survivel zombie game.
76561197983301475,Recommended,250400,22292365,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,RabidUrko,Awesome zombie game.
76561198135872189,Recommended,250400,16409732,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rainbow_bomb,awsome
76561198041824448,Not Recommended,250400,13699354,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,42Olu,"I dont play the game to date and so I`m not able to say something about the game mechanics.BUT I cant recommend it, because Its only 2 player coop. I was looking for an 4 player coop game to play it with friends.  It looks so damn good but only 2 player coop is so sad...I´m hoping for an update that brings the 4 player coop."
,Not Recommended,250400,13491041,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,kite,"Don't buy this game. I bought it last steam sale, really had been wanting it, looked like a lot of fun to play. About 10 minutes into the game I have the same issue everytime of it locking up, freezing, only option is restarting the computer its a common issue/known with the game yet there is 0 support or updates since purchasing."
76561198084084758,Not Recommended,250400,11192975,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Deodat,no comment...
,Recommended,250400,17163206,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,EᒪᑕIᗩᑎO|🚲|瀕死,"It's fun if you have friends, it's fun if you don't have friends, it's fun if you play with friends, it's fun if you don't play with friends, it's ok"
,Recommended,250400,7737707,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,faMetAL`AFK,"really nice game , waiting for co-op story mode from future update :)"
76561198161859768,Recommended,250400,30991731,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,"Just do what Kovak said, if you wanna survive!"
,Recommended,250400,32038817,Posted: 29 May,all,JERRY_LaW -M- NTC,decent
,Recommended,250400,18810517,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,🅷🅰🆇,"A ""Not bad just nice"" Zombie survival game.It does have the basics survivalist element like sleep,hunger,fatiguewhich is a good approach to a realistic gameplay.The UI can be improve a little bit more for easy usage and navigate.I find it difficult to click here and there each time i need to craft something or to use an item.The storyline were pretty straightforward added with some comedic Kovacs guide makes this gamea bit less boring.Overall, its an A okay game. Wish steam have ""neutral"" rate button."
,Not Recommended,250400,12480797,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Wynand,Very linear. Not that fun.
,Not Recommended,250400,26073824,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kooky,"Tough getting crafting's materials, repetitive game play, Boss hard to kill.sometimes zombie approach a lot. damage taken too high.Imbalance game : Poor equipment + overwhelming Enemy = EZ DeadThug Life as ♥♥♥♥.."
76561198020400687,Not Recommended,250400,12649735,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Soulschizm,"i would recommend this game however i'm getting sick of these ♥♥♥♥ing ""Pay more for more content dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" wtf is wrong with the gaming industry its ♥♥♥♥ed."
76561198039848383,Recommended,250400,28068719,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,wirgin,"Fetch-questeja jaEi♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mitään muuta, 1/5"
,Not Recommended,250400,34512155,Posted: 26 August,all,Ｋｕｒｔｅｃｚｋａ,TA GRA TO PIERDOLONA POMYŁKA
,Recommended,250400,28670088,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,To be Frank,Really fun game and it gets cheap af10/10 would accept drinks from a talking monkey again
,Recommended,250400,27790247,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,McNoitti,"Yet another zombie game, but pretty amusing one, actually"
,Not Recommended,250400,13497429,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Arden,-This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥cant even play with 3 players so bad
76561198120292736,Recommended,250400,28330721,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Slapys,pretty nice game. Love way to play this little game
76561198094162297,Not Recommended,250400,13493160,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,R3QUIT3D,Do not buy...
76561198071623518,Not Recommended,250400,25352867,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Jamanji,♥♥♥♥♥game dont buy its not good same bro
,Not Recommended,250400,16399086,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sewer Monster,Worst game I've played in a long time. I payed $1 for it and I want my money back.
76561198010926995,Not Recommended,250400,12386998,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,White Shadow,Do not buy this game!!  The game loads up then 5 mins later it crashes.  Ive seen reports of this for a year now and they are not fixing it.  Waste of money
,Not Recommended,250400,13063561,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,El Presidente,FU Kovac and your stupid rules
76561198042671672,Not Recommended,250400,12358343,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,CHETEVANS,3/10 Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250400,10218272,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TPDGDan (Shady Dan),very good game
,Recommended,250400,18293591,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,pasir,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Not Recommended,250400,18006557,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Ghost Of The Fright Black As A B,"Why is this a fockin game, bought a copy for me and my friend and it was like 40$! ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING KIDDING ME THIS GAME IS A ♥♥♥♥IGN LINIAR PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHEN WE GOT IN THE GAME WE WERE FOCKIN LAUGHING CAUSE OF FOCKIN♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MOVEMENT AND DIALOUGE CANTE EVEN PASSTHE FIRST LEVE....FOCK THIS GAME TO FOCKIN HELL"
,Recommended,250400,32644100,Posted: 22 June,all,mashalalali,Please the Arabic language in the game
76561198067850081,Not Recommended,250400,11847988,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,AppleJacksson,Naaaahhh not that good
76561198235961654,Not Recommended,250400,31787498,Posted: 16 May,all,GBA,extremely boring doesn't even feel like a game where is the fun?
76561198065534670,Recommended,250400,31209293,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,☺
76561198023576869,Not Recommended,250400,9990593,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,simpatichino,ok ok..... isometric game and moves with WASD keys.....  zero control!!!!!!!!!! vote zero!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198191796835,Not Recommended,250400,31210093,Posted: 17 April,all,littlet13,Dont buy this game
76561198021136367,Recommended,250400,13183170,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,mewantie,"I don't have a whole lot of time to write a comprehensive review, just wanted to say that this game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun."
,Recommended,250400,34323774,Posted: 18 August,all,a   s o u n d,"Прошел пиратку, купил в стиме, не играю, но игра топ)"
,Not Recommended,250400,18920129,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,J.P.,The biggest and most irritating pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever ever seen.
,Recommended,250400,9037538,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,A.D.Mynx,"Definitly on of the funny zombie games. It's a realy cool game that realy makes fun! the story is OK, the characters quiet good. The skilltrees and count of diffrent zombies is some low but this lack they fixed with the item crafting stuff which is quiet cool and simple enough to make this in Coop as well. This game is worth buying!"
76561198133974671,Not Recommended,250400,14026493,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Thats what you get,"this game sucks for english speaking players. for some reason it does very well in third world countries, but meh.... that what the third world is for: buying♥♥♥♥♥♥games and golden hubcaps....i spent a single dollar on this game and i regret it. i spent about an hour playing it and it was soooooooo MEH that i d rather write a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review than play it again.you start off on some really shady pretenses, you get to choose what type of toon you are, rich ricer, dumb doucher, silly ♥♥♥♥♥. no other options, no customization. the entire game you have one purpose: survive. i know, i know, america... it sounds like a good idea... but it isnt. its terrible. i soloed for so long that in the end i just straight up let the zombies kill me. i played the entire time on the hardest difficulty and in the brief time i played this game i learned all the game breaking mechanics.if you are looking for a zombie survival game, go check out Dead State. you will be sooooooooooooooo much happier with that purchase than this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. i feel like im onfetchfido.complaying this game, its so bad.... KOfaX ROOLZ?! kofax can eat my cahk."
76561198042437401,Not Recommended,250400,30560157,Posted: 16 March,all,OwenTG4242,Its bad M'kay?
,Recommended,250400,34136236,Posted: 9 August,all,✦ MKBadDill ✦,8/10
,Recommended,250400,31180034,Posted: 16 April,all,aqua,my first survival game and i enjoy it
76561197970676461,Not Recommended,250400,9420053,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Oranthal_J_Simpson,"Um, what to say.....Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope and um, nope.Just say no.Don't be a d!ck like me, just say no.Nope."
76561197985480772,Not Recommended,250400,9420654,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Murray Hewitt,"Gets very dull and redundant, very quickly.3/10"
,Not Recommended,250400,34398477,Posted: 21 August,all,Cross,Horribly broken when I played it... Took me 10 minutes to fall under the ground to infinity.
,Recommended,250400,30894787,Posted: 2 April,all,sambadi,"1 word, good."
76561198107307215,Not Recommended,250400,33655950,Posted: 19 July,all,Chalino Sanchez,Bought it thinking it was going to be a survival game and 5 minites into the game i didnt like it dialoque was akward controls are horrible not for pc and gameplay was so genric and really didnt have anything special about it its just plain boring its more of a point and click game.
76561198059612278,Not Recommended,250400,8566520,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,JMC,"Not bad, not good.. Meh"
,Recommended,250400,19147343,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Mad Spirit Jack,"I broke my promise on a very sharp rockAnd I was possessed by something quite unfriendlyAnd I was haunted by a demon in my sleepAnd that’s how I learned how to surviveAnd I gave a beer to a bum that was drinkingAnd I gave some sauce to my bestest friend for cookingAnd I gave water to all I thought were thirstyAnd that’s how I learned how to surviveI gave my money to the bank for safe keepingAnd I gave my money to my landlord he was needing itAnd I gave attention to the T.V. that was bleedingAnd that’s how I learned how to surviveBut if you ain’t got the do-re-mi boysIf you got the do-re-miWell you better go back to beautiful TexasOklahoma, Kansas, Georgia, TennesseeCalifornia’s a garden of Eden, a paradise to live in or seeBut believe it or not you won’t find it so hotIf you ain’t got the do-re-miAnd we totally ripped off a man named Woody GutherieAnd I bought a restaurant for his son named AliceAnd I fed false information to the audienceAnd that’s how I learned how to surviveAnd I give a thank-you to my father for not raising meAnd I give a finger to my step-father for beating meAnd I give props to myself for achievingAnd god damn I’m glad that I survivedAnd god damn I’m surprised that I survivedWe just handed you a giant load of gibberishAnd I give love to a lover quite deserving of itAnd I give thanks to all of you for listeningTo the story of how we learned how to survive"
76561198283673142,Recommended,250400,31031049,Posted: 8 April,all,CrazyCowPlays,its pritty good
76561198060404286,Recommended,250400,25039719,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kryztoff,Fun game.
,Recommended,250400,16395068,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,F051,Came here to buy it and realized I've played for 1.5 hours and didn't remember.10/10
,Recommended,250400,28660521,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/tmn36,LIT GAME
,Recommended,250400,32428071,Posted: 15 June,all,Emmanuella,6.4 hrs record is enough to said that this game is Amazing
,Not Recommended,250400,23493210,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,maddogcodispoti,this game was boring and slow. had no fun at all
,Not Recommended,250400,33226710,Posted: 4 July,all,Vectorsmasher,not what i tought
,Recommended,250400,27924974,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bryansanto.2K17 | CS.Money,This Game Relly Insane I Love This Game. This Game About Survive And Actuly Its Funny Cuz Kovac Rules Is Cool#Kovac Is The BESTXD
,Not Recommended,250400,8973777,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,.Snewp,"I liked this game becouse it was fun all the time I finish it in 12 hours but the downside of this game is that after you finish the game (with all the challanges) you don't have anything good to do only to start playing it again.I don't say you should not play the game but I'm just telling my opinion. If you want to buy it well all I can say is ""Good luck survivor :D: """
,Recommended,250400,28218962,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Joseph Stalin,Good
,Not Recommended,250400,25357420,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,GJx,"4/10 The controls are weird, and everything Suks in this game.Im never getting the 2nd one."
,Not Recommended,250400,13699878,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Neet Freak Ken,"No.  This game forced me to wear a stupid ♥♥♥♥ing snowman suit when I bought it.  I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ if it's Christmas.  It's off-putting in a survival game, and shouldn't have been FORCED on the player.  I wouldn't recommend this game to my black sheep cousins."
,Not Recommended,250400,11506424,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Haqqi fauzan,Bad camera
,Recommended,250400,22786526,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Cold Glass of Water <F4T4L>,I played this game for a few minutes and i quit. Now it lies in the dankest corner of my library. It needs god.
,Recommended,250400,13773537,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Swamp,
,Recommended,250400,28294559,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,NeverGiveAPP#RΛMSΣS#85#,"Un joc super fain se merita sa il cumperi ""How to Survive''.Cu ajutorul acestui joc am invatat ce inseamna munca in echipa si sa iti ajuti prietenul la nevoie,nu il voi uita,in acest joc mi-am gasit cel mai bun prieten si inca suntem.In joc sunt multe metode de crafting si arme foarte ciudate.Jocul se afla intr-o lume apocaliptica si esti pe mai multe insule in care trebuie sa supravietuiestiNu este foarte bine optimizat dar se merita 100%100"
76561198149354668,Not Recommended,250400,33810011,Posted: 26 July,all,νєиgєαи¢є,multiplayer sucks alot
,Not Recommended,250400,27895547,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Silphen,"Absolutely horrid. Co-op? Not really. The 2nd player gets 0 mission rewards. Playing online with a friend, I don't even get audio. Refunded. Will not buy from this scam of a game dev again."
76561198148436600,Not Recommended,250400,28083307,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pleb (Raptor),─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son!███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A bad zombie game!███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
76561198069430662,Not Recommended,250400,19415930,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Big Money 420,This would honestly be a really good gamefor the Gameboy advanced. 💎👌💎Give your money to a hard working camgirl instead.
,Recommended,250400,14028549,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Aya Brea,shoot ang surive zombie apocalypse ^_^
,Recommended,250400,15225713,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Adam,i think this game is bad
,Recommended,250400,28270256,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mad_Dex,Nice Game.
,Recommended,250400,28229395,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Voice_enable 0,9/10
76561198144989599,Recommended,250400,28598173,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HomeBoy,Cool :)
,Recommended,250400,31975216,Posted: 26 May,all,Skogen,WOWIE
,Recommended,250400,16395973,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,I'm a Real Gamer!,lol it's k can i have a refund Xdddd
,Not Recommended,250400,23613187,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Soul,Bought this game for <1$. Still felt rip off.
,Not Recommended,250400,22488778,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PhilipPino,
,Not Recommended,250400,12730679,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Inphanouse,"Everytime I try and run it, it says ""Howtosurvive.exe has stopped working"".. And I can't seem to find a solution, I've searched the internet and now I've come here to try and get an answer..I have an alienware 14 laptop with windows 8... and it's just not working >_>♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off because i paid money for it and it just won't work."
,Not Recommended,250400,16413435,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,LMFAOOOOOOOOOO,game doesn't start at all don't buy
76561197989873777,Not Recommended,250400,13821534,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Shindai,"PC killer, and I don't mean specs. PC would randomly shut off or freeze so I had to turn it off myself. Risk it if you want, it does seem like a fun game, but my brand new PC can't run it safely, so I couldn't in good conscience recommend it. Shame."
76561198411978315,Not Recommended,250400,34496059,Posted: 25 August,all,nickecayer,game dos not run well on my pc and look ugly even after i mess with the configures
76561198108774777,Not Recommended,250400,15850462,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Korva,Boring
,Recommended,250400,8281114,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ANGEL_DUST †,"Loved this Game most fun I have had in a while,"
,Recommended,250400,32171701,Posted: 4 June,all,Josh The Rektable,Симулятор борьбы за лут с лучшим другом
76561198040557042,Not Recommended,250400,22697566,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Doc Phosphorus D.D.S.,Fukkin trash no rplay value
,Recommended,250400,28603906,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,WarMan,NICE !!
,Recommended,250400,29274221,Posted: 15 January,all,Lil C]-[ew C]-[ew is ಥ﹏ಥ,"Enthusiats of survival apocalyptic games will spend hours playing this one.The story might be not interesting but the ending is evil as you wouldn't imagine. The gameplay is easy and the content DLC are challenging.So in resume the whole game is great, no matter what will cost you, this game is all worth it."
76561198069747535,Not Recommended,250400,30960253,Posted: 5 April,all,Sztakler,More like how to uninstall
,Not Recommended,250400,25935588,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ashmic,"Garbage, its not even fun, they make it too hard and dont even think about playing with a friend, loot isnt doubled. So, When you're given your first only weapon, your friend doesnt get one, so you can wander around until you can craft them something or hope you find a stick on the ground. You Only get one flashlight, so at night time your buddy is basically screwed. Playing with a friend is also impossible because the clunky aiming causes you both to hit each other. So, Only get this game if you're bored and dont expect much."
76561198026911294,Not Recommended,250400,32706246,Posted: 23 June,all,Knight,Not even worth $2.00
,Recommended,250400,30267503,Posted: 1 March,all,kawesor,Simply amazing!
,Not Recommended,250400,12467207,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,CabbageStabber,Backtracking Simulator
,Not Recommended,250400,16399787,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Karatedude,Best uninstall simulator 2k15
,Not Recommended,250400,9789308,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TheCabbageManCan,"I hope you love leprosy, because you'll get it from playing this game."
,Not Recommended,250400,22802037,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,♂Жизньнеимеетсм♂,This is the 9/11 of the zombie games
,Not Recommended,250400,30022611,Posted: 18 February,all,George the Jew,"I don't get this game. I can't figure out the controls, I can't find the controls tab, and I can't do anything! Anytime I spawn in I just sit there looking like a dumbass trying to get the controls working. I have no clue how to play or why I there is no option to bind controls."
76561197999304830,Recommended,250400,11939423,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Quickhand001,Fun game not bad for the price
76561198172137303,Not Recommended,250400,32800824,Posted: 25 June,all,soul_bringer_light_wolf,Cant even move. cant do anything. Character just stands there. I don't have a controller plugged in. Only mouse and keyboard. Set to keyboard and mouse controller also. The game is UNPLAYABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198206215811,Not Recommended,250400,25080570,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,kermit,meh...
,Not Recommended,250400,24628085,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"When you lose because the game was still loading, you know the game isn't good. I had lots of trouble to make this crappy excuse of game running on a controller, and it's hard to move through this terrible interface menu. Nonsensical save-sytem, boring voice acting, but at least Kovac is funny."
,Recommended,250400,29967183,Posted: 16 February,all,BlackMasta,good game
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,250400,12269537,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"Played this game with my cousin, because it said co-op, although the co-op isn't story it's running around being idiots.Super boring, and zombies are annoying now go away.1/10"
,Not Recommended,250400,28473219,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Siim,Meh
76561197972681283,Not Recommended,250400,29531632,Posted: 27 January,all,Lucid,Simply don't waste your money.
,Recommended,250400,10818509,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Shoppa,A zombie survival game which is not in early access and has allot of content?This game is rare!
,Not Recommended,250400,25058429,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SMPL | happytor,This game is a joke
76561198059929035,Recommended,250400,11908517,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Scaramanga,"Game looks  good and is good fun   , Best played with kovacs rules on hardcore and dont upgrade the survival skill as it gets to easy to manage food water and sleep etc just upgrade weapons and have a blast running for your life"
,Not Recommended,250400,31612215,Posted: 7 May,all,Pink Ninja!,"Got it for like 80p. I played it for 17 minutes, got bored. ""Meh"" out of 10. Didn't pay much for it so idgaf."
76561198107566973,Not Recommended,250400,23921697,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Trapper20,Nah
,Not Recommended,250400,22851888,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Xovio,"First started the game, because it seemed very nice. Then choose a character and start. Then it went to windows mode and I could'nt play it. Worst game ever definately want to refund it xD. 0/10"
76561198205381943,Not Recommended,250400,23728201,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MI HOY MINOY HOY,WTF is dis game m8
,Not Recommended,250400,13982558,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,MR_AMR,Great for uninstalling 11/10 would uninstall again
,Not Recommended,250400,33980606,Posted: 2 August,all,[R.U] Riot,This was overly boring lol.There is nothing else I can really say
76561197977217691,Not Recommended,250400,11926808,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Fragginz,"A bit repetitive, just meh."
76561198301528471,Not Recommended,250400,28593370,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Murder NØVÆ,Does it make sense to talk about this game as more of its release it was stupid and nobody wants to play shtte tell her they are nice and other try to play it more than 10 hours and you will understand what rubbish
76561198091948246,Not Recommended,250400,34333352,Posted: 18 August,all,Walrus143,.
76561198051799315,Not Recommended,250400,25261035,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,lastsane1,this game is terrible
,Recommended,250400,11941814,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Official Overwatch Guy,Animation sucksgameplay is boringit's smallgame sucksit's bad1/10 not even worth the 3 bucks i paid for it on sale
76561197979938019,Recommended,250400,11918412,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Kiriaz,Would love to play but apparently I am missing the general.cfg file sothe game crashes on start up.
,Not Recommended,250400,11944005,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,SergalBait,This game is bad. And they should feel bad for making it :(
76561198061086175,Not Recommended,250400,11942684,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,MR. CANTSLOWDOWN,STAY AWAY!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,250400,11930609,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,labtob,:(
,Recommended,250400,11903290,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,VongarTheLegend,"This game is a lot of fun and a little bit of a challenge, but like all games it will always have its flaws."
76561198052648689,Not Recommended,250400,18848405,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,electricgreyeyes,"Complete waste of money: the mouse cursor have a very annoying ""progresssive"" speed and the controls are terrible. really a low quality game. I stopped playing after a few minutes."
,Recommended,250400,18975576,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,chip5,"Based on the first few hours of play, this is damn good local co-op fun. Also the campaign gives you a tutorial on it's survival mechanics unlike all other survival games I've played."
76561198141010142,Not Recommended,250400,19104506,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Oxob,"This would be a very fun game, with some funny writing and cool gameplay. But it's not a game you can play in one sitting, and the save doesn't work! It is impossible to save and load games! Which is anoying to no end, because other wise, I would have a blast playing it!"
,Recommended,250400,19108263,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Occor,I wish i can build home there :'(
76561198069529655,Recommended,250400,19145508,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,High in the Sky,"This game is really great, plenty of quests to do, and when you beat the game or get bored grinding to find new recipies for crafting you can play challenges.  My favorite challenge is at night where you have a flashlight and a few homemade weapons with very little ammo,  when your flashlight is facing one direction and it is dark behind you, creatures approach you in the dark and get strayed away by the light.  Absolutly fantastic music and sounds to keep you glued to your chair.  Enjoy this great game, but it doesn't have the playablility to come back and play it forever.   Nice zombie game to have in your library nonetheless."
,Recommended,250400,19050404,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Brongeera,gg
76561198108777249,Recommended,250400,19063804,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,۪S۫۰۪p۫۰۪A۫۰۪c۫۰۪Y,well ya know there are zombies soooooooooooooooooooooooo................................................ ill give it some credit
,Recommended,250400,19088383,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Nerf Or Nothing,I was under the impression that I was purchesing a ainimated boy scout handbook this was not the case. Instead I was left with a game involving zombies and weird men in blacksmith atire. Great Disipointment10/10 Would not be a boy scout
,Recommended,250400,16838007,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ZyphyrX,Great survival game.-Beautiful graphics-Good idea of making weapons from trash-Different combination od things can be created-Good optimisation-Many types of weapons10/10
76561197972636851,Recommended,250400,18886544,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Woz,"Was not sure what to expect with this but have actually really enjoyed so far. I prefer the story to the other mission based games as more to keep you involved. Lots to explore and do and the missions are varied and enjoyable.  It has been on sale and will be again, a no brainer when on sale.UPDATE - Never bothered to finish the final battle, too much of a choreStill fun game if can get at bargain basement price"
76561197966505489,Not Recommended,250400,18978471,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,shinymetalass,played about half an hour. Couldn't get into the engine. would not recommend.
76561197967130458,Recommended,250400,18910047,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Xavure,"Was not expecting much from this, but it's quite fun and the crafting system is well done."
76561198039768941,Recommended,250400,18920929,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Criggles,Super cool game. Play it. Have fun. Survive.
,Recommended,250400,18921168,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,[IHC] Yenski,Third-person isometric shooter that surpasses the sequel in every way.
,Recommended,250400,18824097,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Skalfing,"Pretty fun game, and can be pretty challenging as you advance!"
76561198065790432,Recommended,250400,18772713,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Hentai Chaser,best survival game 11/10
,Recommended,250400,18864449,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DrDiv,Probably one of the best zombie survival experiences I've ever had.
,Not Recommended,250400,18980378,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,animosityiskey,"I hate to write bad reviews, so I'm not gonna really write anything. Just take my word for it.It did have some promise to it though, don't get me wrong. I got it for $.40 on a sale and it lasted a good 10 minutes so that's not bad.4/10 - This game doesn't know how to survive."
,Recommended,250400,18982752,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,claytonbeeney,"This is a suprisingly good game. I was expecting a buggy game with stiff mouse controls from 2001 but instead I got ""Resident Evil RPG: Adventure Island Edition"". A very well made, conscise and fun experience."
,Recommended,250400,18982490,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,White Nigga,"Pros :- Nice Graphic- Nice Gameplay- Like a real Survival , items like weapon , food, armor, healing item , etc..  must find  around the island and craft it yourself using materials you foundCons :- not found"
,Recommended,250400,10245519,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Heathzebs,"I'd really suggest buyin this game. You might think its another Zombie game. But what I've been experienced thru this game, I really enjoyed it and didnt find any problems playin it like I use to have while playin games. I hope more will DLC will come or so.  10/10."
76561198016705840,Recommended,250400,10246180,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,yoyo.il,really good gamehope to see more like this
,Recommended,250400,10246237,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,RadicalZephyr,"Brilliantly done.  Control scheme works super well, great (and hilarious) tutorial on how to play the game.Seriously one of the best zombie shooter's I have ever played."
76561198032267380,Recommended,250400,10227102,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Ichinin,"Best zombie game ever. And i thought i'd write that about ""State of Decay"" or some other game with 3D graphics and an open world. The tutorial videos are hillarious."
76561198065855049,Recommended,250400,10227458,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Swagrid Parky,"A outstanding survival game, so much fun to be had."
,Recommended,250400,10231199,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"This game has a nice twist on the zombie genre. I highly recommend this game for anyone who is a ""must play every zombie game I find"" kind of person. The game is interesting because you have to craft all of your own weapons and armor. You also have to brave the elements and keep yourself alive just like in real life; meaning, you have to eat, drink, sleep, and not get eaten. The only downside I have found with this game is that the aiming system will frequently screw you over. Even if an enemy is sprinting at you and only about 5 ft away, your character may feel the need to aim at the lovely tree behind them instead. Overall I give this game an 8/10."
,Recommended,250400,10231369,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Jaggedge,Well crafted and addictive. I do look forward to another installation of this game.
,Recommended,250400,10231522,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,frawding,This game is amazing! It's worth its full price but at £2.99 its a must have! Buy this game for a great time...
,Not Recommended,250400,10232327,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,odessa cubbage,"First of all, its a good game. This is really stupid that when you play with an PS3 Controller it automatically sets it as Xbox 360 Controller. Thats very stupid because in the controls section it says 'Other Controlers' AND... When i try to play with an PS3 Controller it wouldnt let me!"
76561198011137241,Recommended,250400,10592827,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,deMunoid,Super Lazer Awesome!!
76561198041411425,Recommended,250400,10733725,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sway,Zombies - Scavanger Survival-Diablo StyleYes
,Recommended,250400,10744333,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cool Blue Link,yessssssshhhhhhhhhh
,Recommended,250400,10744435,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FBarbarian ✪,"Graphics are very good. Gameplay is very intuitive. The game has somewhat interesting story. It's slightly repetitive in terms of monsters , but it's not a problem at all - it's not noticable or irritating. There is a huge range of item combinations for crafting - you can craft a descent amount of weapons and upgrade them. I personally recomment the boomerang - you can upgrade it a lot and go trough the whole game only with the boomerang + it's pretty awesome and fun to play with it. It takes about 15-20 hours to go trough the game - it took me 18 hours, but you can rush and cut the time or you can explore more (I left a few things undone - some side quests).In conclusion, I had fun playing this game and I do recommend it."
76561198005310553,Recommended,250400,10753916,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Baman,Worth
,Recommended,250400,7466100,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,malfunctionist,I like it.
76561197985936546,Not Recommended,250400,10179664,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,JamminOnE,Veeeeery boring game. It's like 1 big tunnel you walk through. This game is the definition of one-directional gameplay. You can't even walk 5 meters to the left or right. Weapon modification is a nice idea but poorly realised. The difficulty is...not existing. Not even in higher difficulties.
76561197968664404,Recommended,250400,10181392,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Hammerhead96,I have really enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,250400,10181512,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,SpaceGodfather,"Simple, Fun, Addictive. This game doesn't have to be complicated to be everything you need it to be. Crafting is easy and addictive, you'll find yourself going through your inventory every time you pick up something knew to see if you can do something deadly with it. The game starts out at just the right difficulty, but doesn't get too much harder throughout. I only died once in my first play through.Once I started playing I couldn't stop, I got about 9 hours in two sittings. I know, not too crazy, but trust me for a single player game that isn't a big RPG that's saying something.If you're on the fence about it, buy it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250400,10181881,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mah 410,"How to survive is a great game if your a fan of zombies, its a bit like dota but zombies and mutants"
76561197960866480,Recommended,250400,10184877,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Grevener,2 words.. F'ing Amazing
,Recommended,250400,8654451,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,hailgale212,A BIT SLOW TO START BUT ONCE CRAFTING GUNS WHAT FUN TO WHATCH THEM SPLATER HUNTING GOOD TOO A+++
76561198030276412,Recommended,250400,8510917,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ainweian,"Mindblowingly amusing!Spent more hours in this game than I care to think about just having pure unadulturated fun. =)Well worth checking out if you enjoy zombie games, crafting and a leisurely top-down shooter in which veterans of Diablo/Torchlight style games will feel right at home."
76561197994533195,Recommended,250400,8626591,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Locosmurf,This is fun....nothing like killing zommmmbiessss
,Recommended,250400,8447982,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,WoodStock,"Very good game but can get annoying only if you wrecklessly use your resources, but this is simply avoided by playing the game strategicly"
76561197968022659,Recommended,250400,8482957,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Reaper,This is a must play for any zomby fans. It combines great crafting and survival game machanics.
76561198080141806,Recommended,250400,8678846,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Puris™,"I'm big on zombies games and How to Survive really impressed me. But unfortunately, there are some disadvantages, like small map, short main story, also didn't like inventory - too small. 7/10"
,Recommended,250400,8143361,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Binui,"Really cool zombi survival game, good crafting system cool combat(male and ranged) only controls i would do a bit diferent but its understand it supouse to be used as well with a controller. Any wasy i would recommend this game toany one enjoying zombies, crafting etc."
76561197960779556,Recommended,250400,8218808,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,tHEdARKsIDE,This game is a great waste of time....haha I mean that in a very good way!
76561198006827948,Recommended,250400,8270208,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,gseidi,"Strongly recommended; do not consider the Low Metascore rating, go check the players reviews instead. This is a fine little zombie survival game, with a little bit of isometric combat mayhem, a little roleplaying-style character improvement, requiring some inventive in crafting weapons and equipment. I have played it for 6 hours and it is getting more fun every hour. I can't expect that to continue indefinitely though. Still, great fun for a low price."
76561198024458396,Recommended,250400,8149633,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,APEX,"Mhm, recently bought this game and I started with sort of great joy, since I'm really into survival games.The game is quite humorous, due to it's tutorials and the systems behind it are quite fancy. The mainproblem of this game areBugs. I wasn't able to get any further than ~17% of the story, due to black screens at transition to another area. Hopefully that things will be done, else I just can dissuade people from getting this title.* Supposedly the transition-problem has been fixxed, so it's worth it."
76561198026334408,Not Recommended,250400,8272589,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zedny,The story is shallow with monotonous gameplay.
,Recommended,250400,7479556,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,NiteMayr,I had a blast with this one; lots of fun.  Buy it now and save the 4 bucks
76561197970351058,Not Recommended,250400,8009777,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,NinjaStyle,quite boring
76561198072287102,Recommended,250400,8000916,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,mmatheny2099,I definitely recommend this game to anyone that wants a different take on the zombie survival experience. fast paced and drops you right in the heat of it.
76561198032152492,Recommended,250400,8020472,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Selkcipruos,"This is the first game I picked up and finished in a single session in a long time. Even though the main storyline is short, I found the crafting system and exploration fairly robust.Very worth it if you love zombie survival, and you've got a few hours to immerse yourself."
,Recommended,250400,8281248,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Eberlium,This game is pretty good. It's probably an 8/10 because of the cool crafting system. I wish combat was a little better but other than that it's a pretty cool game.
76561198024940637,Not Recommended,250400,8282661,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,S4RK,"Initially, the game showed a lot of promise to me. I have a love for Diablo-esque ARPGs and this is what How To Survive seemed like. It has a great sense of humor. But it's after this where the game falls painfully short. Firstly, it's glitchy. I tested this out on a few computers and the instant you hit one of Kovac's cutscenes, the game slows down to a painful crawl. I've also had a glitch where the in-game cursor didn't match the actual position of the cursor and that was worrisome. Also, the controls seem to be better fitted for a game pad (which I don't always have) instead of a keyboard (which is always available). The other issue was that some of the pickups that you need to complete certain missions aren't highlighted. So for example, if you're looking for a particular plant - good luck. They will put it somewhere where there is a bunch of similar plants and you get lucky if you so much pick up the right one. The game really just doesn't consider its' platform or its' players very well.This game really isn't worth the price or the pain. Pick up Project Zomboid or something else instead."
,Recommended,250400,8283642,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,HMTKSteve,Not worth the full $14.99 price but half off during the winter sale? Heck yeah!
,Recommended,250400,8284680,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ekiller,i dont even know what to say about this l0l
76561198058549784,Recommended,250400,8287163,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,KDS,this game is AMAZING. i at first dint think would enjoy it but it totaly surprised me.9/10
76561197984637228,Recommended,250400,8276152,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Riggs,Not bad for a once through. never tried the co-op. Great game when on sale.
,Recommended,250400,8277545,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,lord goat,"Entertaining, crafty and kept me laughing. Great game for playing stoned late at night, 7.5/10"
76561197981101808,Recommended,250400,8277766,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,MoDj,brilliant wee fun game to play with others
,Not Recommended,250400,8278867,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mayor of Titty City,"Game is really not very fun. Feels more like an early access game than a full retail release. Haven't seen any content updates since I've owned it either. In its current form I am just not a fan. Do yourself a favor and play something else, like Path of Exile."
,Recommended,250400,8288321,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Widoom.,Really a Goood Game !!!!Don't look athe bad metascore !!
,Recommended,250400,8294256,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,brassmoustach,Pretty damn entertaining.
,Not Recommended,250400,8086986,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Shroomhead,"A big disappointment, interesting only because of local co-op. And even there it's too boring and weak. Save your money"
76561198104746247,Not Recommended,250400,8190878,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,crosseazain,Just a normal zombie killing game.The craft/survive part is boring.
,Not Recommended,250400,8106708,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,squeeky mkfour-eyes,initially engrossing; gets tiring quickly
76561198074997623,Recommended,250400,8107276,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,[QF] Deadwar,Very cool game
,Not Recommended,250400,8153021,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Raknd,"How to Survive is a great game....for the couple hours you get from it.The price of this game does not justify the bland co-op mode and short story. If it was longer, it would be a thumbs up easly, but I cannot justify giving a good review to something that left me with just a few hours of play."
,Recommended,250400,8206366,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MysticalPickle,MAJOR ISSUE. when too much zumbies outside safe zone they glitch through and kill you.
76561198027067718,Recommended,250400,8212887,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Reset,"I got this game because I thought it might be fun, well I was wrong because this game is a blast! I thought the combat will be too fast paced for me as I prefer games where I can take my time and decide the course of action I want to take. I was right about the combat being fast paced but at the same time it is strangly addictive and just soo much fun. I absolutely love the crafting system, it is by far the best crafting system I've played with simply due to the fact that you can disasemble your crafted items, replace an item with a new piece and have a upgraded weapon, pure gold! I just finished the game with one character and about to play a different one just because I want more! That might however be the con to this game, the story is rather short and the four islands are small and maze-like, it feels like it was done on purpose to extend the duration of the play time, even though I highly recomand this game!"
76561198023069997,Recommended,250400,8224531,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ForHisGlory,"Short-ish game, easy till the very end and a pridictable story, but fun."
,Recommended,250400,7461017,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,toxiic,only played like 4 hours so far with a buddy but this game is pretty fun and the crafting system is awesome!
76561197989512871,Recommended,250400,8239483,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Re:ar,"If you're looking to waste a few hours by building and upgrading your own weapons, just play it."
76561198042225745,Recommended,250400,8369400,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DreadedReborn,"Difficulty slowly increases, as everybody likes, it has crafting elements which are not idiotic, but not too obvious either.Also, it has a steady skills system and, well you'll find out yourself.Anyway, its a good game for people who are fans of Dead Rising 2, (Top-down zombie games?) and RPGs."
76561198080494725,Recommended,250400,10235223,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Roshdoomerstan,Its fun BUT SO FRUSTRATING. (Warning) Do NOT play is already angry. You will murder your family.
76561197970479835,Recommended,250400,10236262,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,iainh666,"hmm.quite an entertaining game, plays like Diablo 1, but with zombies.  Has a fair amount of weapon and armour  crafting, but it gets a bit easy towards the end if you craft a good gun.  Voice acting on the cut scenes is entertaining.  Takes about 7 hours to complete, maybe less.Overall, I'd recommend this game if you can get it in a sale."
76561198123071207,Recommended,250400,10237386,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,KYS PLZ,"Bought this game on sale, it is very good for it's price, and the game can get fairly difficult at times. This game makes you have to stragetize at times and you have to think of your own characters personal need, I mean come on, you can't make a zombie survival game without adding things that will happen if the zombie apocolpyse is to occur. 10/10"
76561197989566847,Recommended,250400,10240390,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,artofsushi,"I got this game on sale, loved the vibe from the trailers. Love the crafting system and the tone of Kovac!"
,Recommended,250400,10240887,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Xbox GO HOME !,je to fajn
76561198124636880,Recommended,250400,10240895,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,$P!der/cs.money,"good game,but i wish that the online mode,the other players don't need to be always on the screen,if it change,i will super loved this game :)"
,Recommended,250400,10241514,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Kytobitt,Press Shift to gofast
76561198005003301,Recommended,250400,10241712,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Bob,"I enjoyed this game. It is not without it's faults however. The main problem is the length of the main game. At time of writing I have been playing for about 8 hours and am 93% of the way though the story. Now there are 3 characters and you can replay with each of the them. However I don't see massive differences between each character.There is a lot of fun to be had getting the parts for the various weapons together and unleashing them on the zombie hordes,I found the bow / crossbow to be VERY powerful however. It would be nice to see more combinations of things that you could make.Bottom line is that if you like Zombie action games and like Diablo type games you will like this game."
76561198122319646,Not Recommended,250400,10242794,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Cpt Psycho,Would be a fun and entertaining game if it wouldnt crash every 5 minutes.
,Recommended,250400,10243649,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pax,"At 75% off, it was well worth it."
,Recommended,250400,10243896,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,RedicL,"Very fun survival game. I think it's more fun when playing fun because you can go through this adventure with them. You have health, hunger, and thirst. I love this game and it gives a different perspective on survival and zombies."
,Recommended,250400,7487831,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Grandpa Earth,The Game Lives Up To It's Name And Very Few Do.
,Recommended,250400,8802888,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,RexAsaurVexツ,"I actually really like this game. It has a great sense of humor and lots of mindless Zombie stuff, they also add a crafting system and Missions. It's like eagle eye view of Dead Island. I'm Impressed with the game though.Pro's:Great Indie GameShows CharacterAnimation Looks GoodGraphics are goodEnjoyableCon's:It feels quest after to quest after quest (I'm also not that far in the game but I'm far enough to write this review)Zombies are a little over used (The whole Zombie Genre)Questions:How many more DLC coming outIs there going to be more added in the gameOverall a great game, I hope it continues and show's that there can be more exciting zombie games."
,Recommended,250400,8805101,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Blood_AssassinX,"A fantastic game with many items to craft, places to explore and zombies to decapitate. Just remember to eat, drink and sleep, or you'll fall prey to whatever lies in wait."
76561198028511719,Recommended,250400,7545046,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Waltz~King of the New Reich,good game really fun...alot to craft.
76561198054914863,Recommended,250400,9030510,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,lance914,How To Survive is not a bad game for $4 and is worth getting if you have some spare change but for $15 its not worth your time so only buy this game when its got a deal going.
76561197994401183,Recommended,250400,9731142,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,saltnvinegar,this game is fun...
,Recommended,250400,9083976,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Diogeno[ITA],"It is a simple zombie survival, enjoyable till the end but surely not something that you wish to play twice."
,Not Recommended,250400,9084247,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,medi,"It's pretty boring, and the eponimous HOW TO SURVIVE (aka Kovac's Rules) book is really annoying."
,Recommended,250400,9097462,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,kyokodeathgod,"Good fun game, nice for when you don't want to think too much. :) Playing on Iron Man seems to be the way to go, it would be ridiculously easy on the Normal mode.  Some annoying things like I got the blueprint for the fishing rod but can't find it anywhere in the list of crafting recipes, but it's definitely worth getting.  (I got it on sale though for around $3.50).  It does seem somewhat short, I'm about 4 hours in and almost at the 3rd island, but looks like there is some backtracking to be done."
76561198021019662,Recommended,250400,9099535,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Vinsen,"Bought it in 75% sale with online coop story fixed, why not?"
,Recommended,250400,9102212,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Cheap Trick,"This game really suprised me. Upon buying it, I thought ""Well, it's just another Indie low budget, so just dont expect much from it."" Boy was I wrong. It has great features, and eventhough the GFX isnt High End, they are well up in the Mid Class. You cant ask for more with this games price! The Single Player story isnt really anything new, but still it's fairly good, at times funny, and the game itself is challanging enough so you dont give up with bordom after an hour of gameplay. Jumping from Island to Island, you will notice that the Zombies get tougher as you go.I havnt found time to test eather Co_Op or online, so I'll have to pass on giving out any Info on it. But I'm willing to give Co_op a try any time someones will to join me.Summary...Good Points:Fairly good GFX.Challanging enough to keep players going.Wide range of weapons that you have to make youself.You have to keep yourself alive by eating, drinking, and sleeping.Health must be restored by collecting Plants and making your own medications.And last but not least, the Price of the game is by far lower than what its worth.Bad Points:Sometimes Zombies spawn right next to you, so beware.Sound could of been better, especially from the Monsters, but hey... you cant have everything at this Price.Voiceover is a little corney... but like I said above... you cant have everything at this Price.Game Saves are sometimes far apart. So if you want to play a quick game, then forget about it.So, my advice? BUY IT! It's well worth the few Dollars/Euros that it costs. I had, and still am having, a great time with it!"
76561198049315969,Not Recommended,250400,9103879,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,TEST SUBJECT,"Fun game, just to easy with SOOO much ammo available.Realy takes away from that survival feeling."
,Not Recommended,250400,9720208,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Dirty Russian,Jesus christ no
,Recommended,250400,7505872,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,gmartijn,"What a fun game to play, combines the post-apocalyptic zombie franchise with RPG, Action, and Adventure.. Seriously one of the best Indie titles i have played in the last years..."
76561198058673408,Recommended,250400,9157254,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ThiccMama,Decently fun arcade/zombie survival game. Fun crafting system. Can't say much for the story or voice acting (minus Kovac). give it a 7/10.
76561198068563844,Recommended,250400,9159592,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Big Nasty,good game lots of zombies to kill and things to make . you should try it
76561197998677165,Recommended,250400,9213937,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,maldar,"Unlike others, I find this to be a fun and enjoyable game.  There are some things that do make it tedious at times and begs the question why.  Why are there so many Helments & Bulletproof Vests?  I had multiple stacks of each lying around thinking I might be able to craft them into something.  The respawn times on the Zombies sucked after awhile, but made it a bit more challenging as I never tried crafting the OP throwing stars that others talked about.  Where do these zombies come from, there are only 4 islands and I think I killed enough to cover the islands in zombies that were placed standing upright.What I really disliked about this game is that some items are character specific, why can't Abby use the X-Bow or the scope, is a woman too weak or stupid?  That was really disappointing to see in this game.  I can see one character having a higher skill with an item, but all characters should be able to use the items.I'm not sure how long it really took me to complete the game as I left the game running at the start screen when I went to bed one night and Steam counts that as time spent playing the game.  However, I know it took me longer than the guy that ran through the game twice in 16 hours + co-op time.If you need a break from other games, like I did, and you normally don't play these types of games, I suggest that you pick it up.  To make it a challenge, don't craft the OP throwing star mentioned in the other reviews and have some fun."
,Recommended,250400,9214127,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Rodney182,"A pretty fun arcade game. Buy it, but only on steam sale."
,Recommended,250400,9039489,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Ornate King Hazel O'Hare,"overall this is a true zombie funhouse but it could still be better there are some minor balance issues, and a few other issues for that matter of fact, it is however simple and obvious and fun.six out of ten"
,Recommended,250400,9147219,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,PiPE  aposentado,Fun game
76561198023886637,Recommended,250400,9149861,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,R1fter,"The game is great. I got it on sale for $4 so it's totaly worth it and much more. Storyline is a little bit straightforward and boring but action compensates it. Visuals are really cool with day/night cycles, cool lightning etc. I wish Fallout 3 would look like this game and not like what it is now."
76561198085492642,Not Recommended,250400,9150262,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,pigy,.
76561198031855834,Recommended,250400,9131580,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,S+P Infinity,"I don't know why some people aren't into this game. I think it's a great game, even better with a bud. The camera angle is kinda of reminesent of some older games like the old 4-player Ninja Turtles games. and the X-Man adventure games on the GC. The shooting mechanics are a lot like that of the classic arcade game Rampage. The graphics are also good. The only con I found was that they didn't make using the bow all that necessary, because the ammo for the guns is abundant. One of the best parts of this games setup is that you have to drink water, sleep and eat. You can hunt and then cook the food and everything it's AWESOME!"
76561197983548662,Recommended,250400,9040476,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,mbsanchez,"It's a shame there is no sandbox mode. Other than that it's a decent, fairly simple game. Got it for 75% off, so that was worth it."
76561197973765610,Recommended,250400,9043564,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Prof.Longhair,"Hey, it was only four bucks.A Borderlands / Diablo design rippoff, but ripped off well. Combat was fun. Exploring was fun. Even the crafting was fun... really, it was.It's not a long game. I don't think there is much of a replay value. If they make another one, I would buy it too."
,Recommended,250400,9045516,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Muff,"I Like It !!!At first i was undecided about buying this game with the mixed reviews. I didn't want another Diablo-esque buttonmasher. Then it went on sale (75%off!!!) and i got it. I was pleasently suprised to find it well worth it. The game to me is a cross between Torchlight and Resident Evil. The UI is simple yet detailed, the crafting system a mix of experimentation and recipe-finding, and the gameplay suspensefull. You will not be charging headfirst into mobs of zombies. Doing so will find you reloading often. You startout with barebones, picking one of three characters with varying stats. As you level you can invest points in skills to help you along the way. It gets a little easier when you finally start crafting some armor and weapons, but you still can get taken down by the swarms if you are reckless. You need to eat, drink, and sleep. At night tougher mobs spawn and there is the neat feature of using your flaslight or campfire to ward off certain mobs who are weakened by light.In summary if you like zombie apocalypse and you enjoy games like diablo and torchlight, I would recommend getting this game especially if you catch the sale (I got it at just under $4.00US). It's witty and challenging, has replayability, and is worth checking out."
76561198045148362,Recommended,250400,9047328,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,lucidmatrix,"Folks this is a good game. lil easy on normal mode but the combat is decent, the guides you pick up are humorous and so far I like the story line. Crafting system is awesome."
76561197989836295,Recommended,250400,19376551,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dr. Pede,"So good, so nice, so awesome!"
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,250400,19319210,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Razter,"8 hours in and I find this game completely boring and un-fun.Even at $5, it's not worth it."
76561197970916397,Not Recommended,250400,19319267,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SpaceFox,"The game is well made and has a few good ideas but I find it extremely derivative and linear, which I was not expecting. Perhaps I haven't found the open world aspect of the game yet, but after the first couple of islands in story mode, I found the gameplay very repetitive and the quests lacking of any sense of danger or urgency. Obvious Xbox port aside, this game lacks any kind of optimistion for PC and a stand-alone frame rate limiter will be required (eg MSI afterburner).Can't recommend, just go and play Don't Starve."
,Recommended,250400,19320803,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,L0wsenS,I really love this game-No fps issues-good gameplay-combat looks like same with State of decay (i love this game too)So just buy it
,Not Recommended,250400,19304045,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mr.Cielkute ✌,not cool
76561198079785334,Not Recommended,250400,19392397,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Jeddy No snound,If it'd support more than 2 people I'd be game. Also this game isn't Dark Souls put some more work into your porting.Update: Thanks for the refund Fuhrer Gabe. My girlfriend and I appreciate it.
76561197991279501,Recommended,250400,19396702,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ghost Judicator,"One of the best couch coop games I've ever played and I have to say this, it is very entertaining and the game is well designed...I only hope it's sequel will turn out just as good. The crafting system is what makes this game great, along with the combat and hunting/survival mechanics...although I wish it was more in-depth."
,Recommended,250400,19412187,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dark//Hollow,"Lol , I do not know how to play this game But well , It is fun to see how u are able to survive using a stick. >:)"
76561197987208168,Recommended,250400,19432273,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Hairy0tter,An amazing game!! have to drag myself off this everytime i play because i loose track of time!!
76561198087141049,Recommended,250400,19436304,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,myyello,Great fun definetly recommened.
,Not Recommended,250400,19430756,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Königsmörder,"This is a bad game. Why? Broken co-op and item system. This is far away from a survive + crafting game.Pros:- Nice graphics- Nice battle animationsCons:- You can revive your buddies to 50% health with no cost- You can damage your buddies and there's no way to deactivate this- Inventory management is a pain in the ***- No cutscenes or any history at all- HORRIBLE sound with many bugs (female zombies screaming/you can hear NPCs even before being able to talk to them) -- i had to deactivate all sounds- Many bugs while playing co-op (can't see some monsters)- RPG system is ridiculous, you only get like 50xp for killing big monsters, but always get 5xp to 10xp to kill 1-hit mobs- Saves and continues at worst places- Unrealistic and frustrating non-killable enemies (piranhas)"
,Recommended,250400,19492404,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,oBo-Prime,"I am not sure how some say this game is boring, This is nothing but fun and intense. Sometimes frustrating but if you are not a mastermind don't pick hard modes to play. Pretty much like any other games its build your own weapons and learn to survive a Zombi Apocalypse. Oh and its double the fun if you are playing co-op wiht a friend too."
,Recommended,250400,19492944,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ham,"If you really like Zombies the maingame is money well spent, the DLC on the other hand seems to be mostly pointless. You get 3 characters to play as who level up over the course of the game, each with slightly varying perk-trees, for the most part they play the same, though your first few levels will probably be notably spent with different weapon tactics the end game will still likely be wm1 with the chainsaw, and swap to a bow for silent kills. How to Survive comes with a quirky story, and some interesting characters, but ulitmately is more of an arcade-rpg than an actual Survival game. You have your basic survival stats, hunger, thirst, sleep, etc. But for the most part they're really to just keep you from chewing through the story in a few minutes as opposed to a few hours, thats not to say you can starve your character, but they're more diversions than primary goals. The game comes with an unconventional crafting system that gives you quite a fun lot of things to make, including a beefed up super chainsaw with an extra large fuel tank. Zombies are pretty fun to kill, and often drop ammo so the game mostly encourages a run and gun style of combat if you so choose, but you can also use a bow to get silent kills, and recollect the arrows for a more stealthy and resource efficent method.When I said the DLC was kinda garbage? Well the most fun sounding of which is the ""Baricade"" DLC which claims to be an endless survival scenario, which is partially true, what they don't tell you on the box is that you're stuck to just one island, and you have to defend some random scene from Surgeon Simulator, if he dies you die, so it's more of a Baby sitting simulator. The other DLC's were equally forgetable, there's a 4th dlc character who has a special perk to build a unique weapon, the FlameThrower, for which there is DLC for the other 3 characters to be able to build one, as well as some other fire based weaponry. The final one is just an extra Island to explore and the introduction of a mostly pointless Electrical damage type.How to Survive was fun while it lasted but due to it being a story based game, with no sort of free roaming mode the playablility is sadly low. I recomend it with a friend as well, I didn't get to play the Multiplayer myself but it changes little beyond letting you play with other people."
,Recommended,250400,19490027,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,FROST,anyone got a problem with their xbox one controller? the character is always rushing :(
,Recommended,250400,19486816,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Haakon,"To start off with, How To Survive is a game with a basic premise. You are stranded on an island filled with zombies. You wish to leave these islands filled with zombies, and also, you want to survive.Now, I've played this game on the Wii U, where the controls are much better because of the touch-screen. Inventory management and crafting there is ridiculously superior to what you get on the PC with KB+Mouse and I suspect with joypads as well. The graphics aren't as good, and the DLC is non existent, but the main game is better when crafting and inventory management is better.That being said, how good is the game?It's a standard two-stick shooter with an isometric camera. You're crafting all your weapons yourself except for the rusty machete (which is a bad weapon), and you need to supply your own ammunition. This is a great idea, but unfortunately, ammunition is very plentiful. So long as you use the semi-automatic rifle, you will be headshotting zombies for days and have piles and piles of ammo. Use the automatic shotgun on the other hand and things might be different.Now while you have to craft everything yourself, the game gives you enough resources to craft two full sets of armour and two of the best chainsaws. This makes sense for co-op, but I really can't help but think that they're giving us too much stuff. There's no reason to argue about who gets what, when both can have great stuff. If we had only one fully upgraded chainsaw for example, there would be a real decision in who gets to keep it. But still, the crafting system is well done, and you can get quite a lot of the things you need.As for difficulty, this game is very easy when you play it on easy. Don't. Play it on the hard setting. It's a survival game after all. It gets much better on hard. Jack is the slightly easier character to start with, and Kenshi is a good choice for a second playthrough, since he can sense all the herbs for that achievement. Your first playthrough will be fun, but for your second playthrough, if you liked the game, I would suggest just planning out what weapons and armour you want, and then just go for that.The graphics are decent and gets the job done. But you don't buy an isometric shooter for the graphics. The characters gets the job done too, but they're nothing to write home about. What sells the game is the going around islands and shooting zombies, unlocking new and better weapons and armour, and getting better as a player.I recommend this game, but with a few caveats:- The quests are generally in the form of fetch quests, which are used as an excuse to send you around the island.- The story is an excuse to have the gameplay, nothing else.- As are the characters.- And the gameplay is all about shooting large amounts of zombies.- Which the good crafting system allows you to do quite wellIf that sounds fun, you'll like the game. If not you'll be better off playing something else."
76561198004142785,Not Recommended,250400,19409137,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Banerik,"Very arcadey, which would be fine, but there really isn't much to do in this game. Characters are flat and uninteresting, and really, the little guide videos are more annoying than interesting."
,Recommended,250400,19737601,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bridge Burner,"This wound up being a pretty enjoyable experience with a twin-stick controller. Feels a tiny bit like a phone game for some reason.  Recommended for people who like shooting zombies and enjoyed Dead Rising, but who want a shorter/lighter experience./-- Basics --/Graphics: Decent. Nothing top-tier; everything three-quarters view/isometric. No graphical artifacting or glitches, decent colors, easy to tell what you're looking at most of the time. Isn't super leet graphically impressive and doesn't do much in the way of new, but it has a servicable engine and everything here flows well for the type of content presented.Sound: Also decent. No real music to speak of, just some haunting hints of background flavor and the mood-inducing battle music that spins up when enough zombies are on screen. Fine ambient stuff, nothing I'd call a composition per se. Some odd sound imbalance issues - the ""Kovac's Rules"" cutscenes tend to be a lot louder than the main game.Control: Feels good with twin sticks. Takes a little getting used to the button arrangement, and I kinda wished the inventory was a touch larger, but otherwise, all was fine. Aiming sometimes feels gimmicky but that's mainly a case of us wanting to stick the aiming line where we think it ought to go instead of where the game thinks it ought to go. Stop fighting the engine and everything will work out well./-- Story --/You're a cast-away survivor on a zombie-infested archipelago. Other survivors exist. There doesn't really feel like a heavy narrative arc (beyond ""get off this island"") until you're deep into the game, when hints of story start to surface. They're resolved quickly as an end-game mission. Nothing special here, story serves environment, not the other way around./-- Overall impressions --/I wasn't sure I'd like this in my first hour or so but the game really warmed up when I started making my own weapons and armor. The crafting system is pretty basic due to limited options existing on the islands, but I was able to figure out a few great recipes ahead of the game telling me what they were (tri-sticks, flint-studded boomerangs, anybody?) and that brought the joy of discovery along with having a kick♥♥♥♥♥weapon to stomp around with.I think this game's worth a tour around the $10 price point. Fun stuff overall. Doesn't last too terribly long but it's pretty entertaining while it's there."
76561198049331664,Recommended,250400,19578672,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,JdominikiM,"This game is fun, addicting, and keeps you on the tip of your toes. The crafting system is very fun! The gameplay is smooth and controls via keyboard and mouse are superb. Have had no problems whatsoever. Really wish this game was longer. I don't know as of yet the replay value with the other characters, besides dealing with their strengths and weaknesses. I come to play my game from time to time just becuase I don't want to beat it in one sitting. I mostly go back and forth between islands to rack up exp (as little as I get) to upgrade my skills. Go for the boomerang!!!! This thing is ridiculous!"
,Recommended,250400,19594749,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Michael J Caboose,Get the boomerang and win the game
,Recommended,250400,19595937,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lush Life,"fairly good. eventho doesn't feel like a survival game though. because resources are plenty and easy to find. the only dlc that I enjoyed playing was barricade. I hate One Shot Escape mode. because no matter how many times I cleared an area once I came back it would be crowded by zombies again. so dam annoying. gave it a few try but failed, too lazy giving it another chance now. fortunately I bought it while it was on a big sale. and the game has quite served me good. so a green vote from me."
76561198063538359,Recommended,250400,19718235,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,lunawolf07,This game isnt anything all that spectacular but it was fun little hack and slash with an interesting little story... and zombies!
,Recommended,250400,16778705,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Marshal,This game is worth buying if you like zombie survivalgame is a bit boring in single player so I recommend playing it with a friend
,Not Recommended,250400,19728469,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bobcards,"This is agonizing. It simply freezes up whenever I try and play the game, and I have re-installed it, verified files and all that. I also checked the minimum requirements of the game. Sorry but I cant recommend this game because I cant even play it."
,Not Recommended,250400,15388984,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,FnafMan2069,"Pros: Interesting gameplay and storyline, curiousity makes you want to play more. Plenty of blood and gore to make the psychopaths smile :) Satisfying crafting system and guide books.Cons: Lurkers, come at night to harass you. Annoying terrain (making it hard to find where your objective). Also, nobody helps you fight, ever, making you feel extremely lonely (unless your in co-op)I give this game a 5/10.P.S. THE DLC IS TO MAKE UP FOR LACK OF CONTENT, IT IS ALSO TERRIBLE FROM WHAT I HEAR. MY SUGGESTION, DON'T GET IT."
76561198139423959,Recommended,250400,19652745,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,fringe53,I find the game interesting and fun.  Like that it has local co-op.My only minor complaint is I wish you could play more than 2 players.
76561198055677334,Not Recommended,250400,19647827,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Namloc,If you can get it for $5 or less and have a mate that's keen you might just be able to get your moneys worth
,Recommended,250400,19689315,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,HRPrime,"How do you survive? Well play this game, How to survive, to learn how to survive.The game is what you'd expect from a survival zombie game. You collect stuff to survive. I mainly played the challenge mode where if I died then I have to start over. It has a bit of tension and funny stuff.It looks Okay. It isnt beautiful and the times where the ragdolls would fling to the screen in a stretched model is always funny! It still looks good enough to enjoy.The sound sets the mood of tension and fear. The zombies always give a jump, not the santa one though. Not much music but it was good for the times.I would recommend you get this game on sale for at least 50% off. Sometimes you can even get it low enough to get a ton of DLC. Wait until then."
,Recommended,250400,19662248,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,StealthSpyCaleb,"This has ok story, but has great gameplay; the challenges are challenges, great crafting, and amazing weapons"
,Not Recommended,250400,19682705,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,7000 miniature mangoes,I tried to like this game. I really tried.
,Recommended,250400,19666136,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Black Berry,Play with a friend :)You might like it!
,Not Recommended,250400,19679097,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TheSithElite,It is so boring it drained my creativity to be able to write a review.
76561198117083154,Recommended,250400,20097099,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,trade,it is a fun and stratigic game
,Recommended,250400,20157248,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gowhart,
76561198066577948,Not Recommended,250400,20130726,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SmurfK,"I'm usually a sucker for top-down/isometric shooters/RPGs, so How To Survive looked interesting enough in order for me to try it out. Unfortunately, it didn't really hit the spot.PROS:- Kovac;- Good graphics sometimes;CONS:- Frustrating combat;- Bad character development/presentation;- Bad concept;- Bad crafting system;- Useless skill tree;- No minimap;- Bad drop system.As far as positives goes, Kovac is a big plus. Memorable character, pretty well writen, his ""rules"" are funny enough. As graphics go, there are some eye-candy reflections going on, especially at night. Nothing too spectacular, but pretty enough.Now, the bads. Combat it's frustrating. It's very basic in the beginning. Zombies comes at you, you shoot them and that's all there is to it. Now, the problem appears when you are getting armored zombies. In that case, if they are wearing helmet, or body armor, you need to aim for the head, to make them loose the hemlet then shoot them in the head. It's simple, but add an badly designed targeting system to that and things get complicated without any good reason. Most of my deaths were because of that. I was not able to target those zombies, as some other zombies were in the way, or something like it. It's frustrating.Characters are bland. Oddly enough, every one of them tries to curse or use faulty language from time to time. I'm no prude, but those lines are forced every single time. There are not needed.Concept it's bad, as it's not realistic enough. On an island, you would encounter more problems than just zombies. You have your ocasional evil deer and Half-Life-like thingies, but that's all. Also, you have silly things mixed up with serious ones. The game have no personality. It's like they started in making an serious game, but they realized on the way that they needed some fun stuff, so they throwed in some monkeys, Kovacs and some Santa Clauses, and they were done.Crafting system it's uninspired. You mix stuff just because you can, most of them have a little bit of logic, but not practical logic. Don't expect something like NEO Scavenger. It's as basic as it gets. You end up getting all the items you can find, then try to see what mixes with what. There is no specific need to it most of the times, you just do it to get better weapons.Skill tree it's there just because it can be there. You don't have too many choices there and most of them do not make a difference. You can play without it. I actually rarely remembered about it, i played just fine without skills.Lack of a minimap it's a problem. Most zones are designed like mazes. You need to take the right path in order to reach where you want to reach. You need to consult the map way too often in some areas. Opening the big map any single time seems unnecesary. A minimap would have solved this problem. The game asks you to reach in those points. If it would have been an open-world game, where you would had to survive as much as you can, i would have understanded, but it's not. It's an ""follow the quest-line"" type of game.The way items work in this game it's silly. There is no respawn for items. If you took an quest item, but you droped along the way, you need to take it from where you droped, if you remember where. You went through an area and took all healing plants, well, too bad, you will probably return to that area and you won't find any. The game makes you go back in every area. Zombies respawn, loot does not.Honestly, it's a mess. 90% on Winter sale at the moment, 1,49 euros, but you can actually find a lot of better games for that money. Not recommended."
76561198098822403,Recommended,250400,20111775,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,gospon Fulir [The Grim Reefer],best 1.89€ ever spent!
76561198065310857,Not Recommended,250400,20139539,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Perkynipples77,"One legged guy said he gave me machete and flashlight, did not get either."
,Recommended,250400,20139978,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Spongeknob Squarenuts,this gmae is acualy fun af
76561198070954168,Not Recommended,250400,20099873,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Biodeamon,"It's a really fun game for the first 20 hours but then as it turns out what do you know, there's a gamebreaking bug in the final mission. A mission critical item is nowehere to found on the map and in consequence you can't complete the game. Now I would still recommend this game if it weren't for the developers completelyunacceptablereponse (or lack thereof one). As it turns out from digging through the forums multiple have had this bug kill their game and it hasn't been fixed in at least a year.Completely despicable. You should feel ashamed for yourselves, devs. This is absolutely unforgivable."
,Recommended,250400,20109880,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Керрарик,10 Seconds into game. Friend starts beating me as im a woman and i ♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would get beat again
,Recommended,250400,20212784,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ghost,"This review is coming from a stand-point of about 7 hours of solo play.Do I like this game? It's okay, I mean, it's nothing special, it's a twin-stick zombie survival game with a somewhat interesting crafting system.The game-play, it's basic and easy to understand as all twin-stick games are. Nothing new. Which is totally fine, I mean it's a tried and tested system.The story, I haven't finished the story, simply because I hit too many BDN (Board, done now) moments. I just couldn't do another fetch quest. That's all this game is, fetch quest after fetch quest after fetch quest. When did I hit my limit? When the drunk pilot wanted his cargo, where was it? All over the islands... All twenty pieces of the damn stuff. I quit, I was done with the game from then on. The characters were, eh. The only person that interested my in any way was Kovac, mainly because SPOILER ALERT  SPOILER ALERT OVER. I say apparently because I have no idea if he is or not, though if that was him on the radio at the start of the game it makes sense as he seems to have a radio station at the top of his island. I digress. The characters are cliche to say the least, oh no a mother and daughter that are split up on a terrible island, the friend who was bitten but has the thing you need to get off the island, the crazy old lady, the apparent friend who is actually the villain, the disabled knowledgeable one who spends all their time tinkering with your escape rout and the drunk.May as well look at this games big point, the crafting. It's okay. I mean you can make things, cool yeah, okay. I never bothered with the potions. The guns? Didn't bother with them either. Melee weapons? Rusty machete all the way. After I built the boomerang I just didn't need anything else. Nothing. And when I upped it with the red stone, nothing else would do. Now when I say I didn't bother with it, I mean I built every combination I could within 7 hours of play. Tested it, and still found the boomerang to be the best thing to use. Chainsaw? Nope. Flamethrower? Nope. Shotgun? Nope. Boomerang. Always.Survival. Pha. My biggest problem surviving was diverting my attention from my current fetch quest to trek to water holes, or where I knew deer were or to safe houses when I got a little tired. Fuel for bombs was the biggest problem for my ""survival"". I had so much food on my person I could have fed all the survivors I had found with ease. Three jerry cans of water kept me going for days. Ammo was of no concern, I had stacks of the stuff on every island just sitting there.The zombies, or should I say, ""Monsters"". Well there are ones you can kill in one hit, ones that have helmets, ones that have body armor, ones with both, tall ones, ones that come out at night, ones that explode, ones in fireman suits, zombie deers, zombie emus, and a big old boss thing. At first the ones that came out at night were a challenge but then, boomerang one hit kill. The ones with both pieces of armor are just annoying, takes two head shots to kill them, one to knock off the helmet and one to kill 'em. And when they're coming at you in a pack, it's just easier to run off and come back later. The firemen, hint hint, head shots, lots and lots of head shots unless you got yourself a means of using electricity. The deers just run at you, shoot twice, dodge, rinse and repeat. The boss thing is just like a very very weekend version of the Tank from L4D. They just seemed like distractions from the endless fetch quests.Oh yeah side quests are, you guessed it, fetch quests. -_-The camera angle is lovely, seeing the exploders just as they enter their area of effect is just dandy.The lock on and head-shot system is good too, when your backing away from a group with your trusty boomerang out and it's just about to go red and another zombie bumps your target out of your aim and you gotta start over again. This is especially annoying against the fully armored zombies. Great.The leveling system seems just, pointless, the most useful stuff is getting the upgrades that slow down your hunger, thirst and drowsiness. Everything else seems just like fluff to me.The most fun I had in the game was going off doing the missions for the scientists on the islands where I was super-under prepared, there was a challenge, and it was ridiculous. Experiments that could change the magnetic fields surrounding the islands? Sounds good enough to me!Is this game worth the price tag, maybe in co-op. Maybe. However would I play though those opening missions again? Hell no."
76561198004701578,Not Recommended,250400,16673357,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AdeQ,"Imagine the hardest game you've ever play. This game is hardest. Thousents of zombies in last chapter when u're out of ammo and running like f*ckin ♥♥♥♥♥ in dog shelter. It's also impossible cause your stamina is like: RUN 5m AND I'M OUT, TOO TIRED.♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME FOR THE SAME TIME, I SPEND ON PLAY IT."
76561198039131210,Recommended,250400,16675716,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Tunturipöllö,Excellent game! Tho i wished it was for 4 instead of only 2.
,Recommended,250400,16676359,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Advy,A repetitive zombie smasher. 8/10 would smash again.
,Recommended,250400,16679246,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lord of the Hissyfit,I got this game and all the DLC for under $2 and feel like it's a good value. The graphics are fine for a top-down game. Kovac's rules are pretty funny and the game play is pretty standard for a top down shooter.One issue I had was trying the game to recognize my wireless Xbox controller. It took so much fiddling around that I don't remember how I finally got it to work.
,Recommended,250400,16713428,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,lik$_t0_ki!!,best game ever
,Recommended,250400,16714456,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,dreamcaller,"I would definitely recommend this game, especially if you have some friends who can play together with you.Pros:1. The crafting system in this game is amazing. You will always get excitment when you discover new items2. The thrill of survival and realism. I love some of the details in this game, such as your camp fire will be put out when it was raining.3. Story quests so far are fairly interesting and not repetitive4. Each character has different sets of abilities, adding to replayability. (Though I haven't tried another character yet)5. It's most fun when playing with friends. Sharing inventory, covering each other's back is just great6. It's also a local co-op game! This feature alone makes this game stand out so much more.Cons (Basically my suggestions)1.  When doing online co-op, every once a while the connection will have some disturbance, showing ""waiting for player"". Not sure if this was the game server or just our internet connections.2.  Communicating during co-op seems a bit hard. I was playing with my roomate who was just next door to me, so we didn't use any in-game chat, but I didn't see any obvious way to chat if I want to play with other people.3.  Maybe could add a LAN mode? There's online co-op and local co-cop (on the same computer), but would be nice to have LAN mode.4.  Sleeping sometimes is a bit of hustle. You can't sleep unless you are below 50% tireness. While you can eat and drink at whatever level of hunger/thirst, I feel there should at least be ways to allow player to rest (if not sleeping) any time they want5.  The boost (potion) maybe a little useful. I guess it could be the level of difficulty I'm playing (normal) or the progress in the game, but I didn't find boosts any useful in the game so far. Not to mention that they only last about 30 seconds. Especially for my character Abby, who has a whole path of skill tree for boost, I'm not quite getting the whole point of boost yet.6.  Skills. I'm fine with characters sharing some of the same skills, however I'd like to skill trees be more unique. For example Abby, after the basic skills for survival (campfire, hunger/thirst/tireness) which I believe are shared among all characters, the other skills she learns aren't quite what I'm looking for. I enjoy the skills that improve her arrow shots, but the skill further along the path are like ""making incedinary arrows and explosive stuff"", which isn't quite an ""improvement"" on the arrow path. It would be nice to have one path that focus on things like arrow while the other one focuses on guns, and maybe another path that actually gives bonuses to incedinary/explosive stuff. Currently the path of skill tree feels like a cram of everything which doesn't quite define the character you are playing.7.  Some bugs. I've mostly been playing with my friend doing story mode. One being that my friend joined the game after I've gone through the tutorial chapter. So when he talked to Knovac, the whole game froze and it's showing that both of us were having conversation with the NPC while we weren't. Same thing happend once later on in the game but surprisingly the lightling hit us and everything was fine then (lol).8.  Co-op vs single mode. There are people in the community hub mentioning that the rewards in the co-op only goes to one person. This kind of ties the story mode to either complete co-op or single player. For example, my friend and I have been doing the story mode together, and we've been carrying some quest items for each other. If I'm going to do the singleplayer now I would be stuck because the items needed for the quest are in my friends inventory. I feel like some changes could be made so that people can easily ""jump in"" another person's story while not affecting their own single player mode.Verdict:Overall my friend and I really enjoyed this game. We both got it through the summer sale whice was about $1 for the game and $3 for the DLC. Although the full price might be too much, but this game is totally worth it if it's above 30% off on sale."
,Recommended,250400,16714682,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Galaxy00,Nice game! Is better when you play with friends. Good job guys.
,Recommended,250400,16714732,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,JmC,"For UPG gamers. The game is good, strategic, has a nice graphic.7.5 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,250400,16716250,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,QuadDamage,"The multiplayer mode is really limited: only 2 players can play and both share the same screen. Thay is really annoying, because if an horde or a big monster is attacking you, you can't organize any kind of strategy. You can't even disable team killing, so you can't use any ranged weapon because you will probably hurt your teammate.Moreover, the zombis are really limited (they seem copied from Left For Dead 2), the recipes are not so flexible anf it is not a construction game, the map is statcil and boring"
76561198100067591,Recommended,250400,16696799,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,zizluo,"An interesting game, well worth the 99 cents I spent for it. Definitely not worth 15 bucks thoPro:Different from other survival gamesDecent graphics2 players can play together on the same computer, online coop is fun tooUI is simple and elegantFunny in some wayCon:Single player gets boring real quick, the campaign is short and repetitiveCombat is somewhat boringFreaking AWFUL musicIf you have friends to play with, buy this on sale."
,Recommended,250400,16939571,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dranrock,"This is an awsome game for its genre. Isometric graphics, crafting for weapons, food and potions. I like the eeri soundtrack. This may sound corny but it really does remins me of the zombie B-movies I used to watch as a kid. with just over 60 hours played so far, I havent even beat the game yet. I'm randomly playing all 4 charaters.. thats right I got the bundle when it went on sale. Nina's flamethrower is somthing to behold....  cause flamethrower.There were a few sound glichs as I played meaning the soundeffect for the bomarang repeated once or twice. I also admit I favor the  isometric graphics and gameplay. There maybe somethings I may have overlooked. So I urge you to check it out for yourself, I want to go play it agian..."
76561198027114997,Recommended,250400,16940212,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Sentinelgre,"Love this game the story, the pacing the world are all fantastic.the one thing that is missing is Mac integration PLEASSEEEEEEE"
,Not Recommended,250400,16941062,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Duraldo,"Just buy the 3rd person stand alone if you've never played this one. The price was like less then a dollar here, but it just....doesn't feel right."
,Not Recommended,250400,16894348,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,P L A Y E R,Played 0.4hrs and get bored -.-
76561198045384183,Recommended,250400,17421061,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Rubraum,At first I was so convinced about this game...the same zombie-survival genre overly used in the game industry...BUT...the game is awesome :D Tried it ONCE and it was all that it needed to hook me :DI´m buying the DLC´s to enjoy it even more!!
76561198011315621,Recommended,250400,17430593,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Thaekhs,"HtS is a very entertaining game, beyond my expectations, I must admit. The DLCs make it longer and more fun, to some extent. I recommend if you like zombies and want to try a survival game. ;)"
76561198003286783,Recommended,250400,7484898,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Tikuwa@,クリアした　値段分は十分楽しめる　まだマルチはちょっとしかやってないけどあんまり期待できないかも　お使いクエけっこうおおい　あとサルがむかつくｗｗ　もうちょっとサバイバル要素がきついとよかったかも　ぬるい
,Recommended,250400,17386119,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Achilles of Jazz,"This game is recommended on these occasions:(Get the game if:)-You have a friend who play this game (its better with Co-op)-You can buy it when its on sale (The game play is quite short)- You're not annoyed of Russian accent (Russian accent in game alert)- You like crafting and ductapes (Get use to crafting, its fundamental)-You don't mind (""Eating"", ""Drinking"", ""Sleeping"" ) doing daily task in video game (Yes, you may survive a zombie but...)-You don't mind blood and gore (Bloodand granny kissing her dead cat [spoiler/] )-You don't mind spending time hunting for meat (Yea, you can actually fish instead)- You really want it (Then why not?)This game is not recommended on occassions:(Don't get this game if:)-You have panic disorder (Yes, my friend was shocked, somehow her book fell and destroy her laptop. I'm serious.)-You don't like the zombie vibes (Quit looking already then!)-You don't have a friend who play this game. (This game without co-op would be worth half the original price.)-You want to play online with loots of people. (Not many people have this game, the server is not so good.)-You are a philosopher whom would rather smoke on a pipe. (Why do you even have steam?)-You want to play this for as long as forever. (It's short. Just short.)PROs:-Controller supported-Co-op-Story's fair/ ain't bad-Fairly okay graphics-Code Scripts (Minor errors, but rarely.)-Skills, craftings, weapons, characters..-Many difficulties to choose from-Fairly good overallsCONs:-Short campaign-Limited options- Limited freedom-Limited unlocks (You can unlock up only level 25 for skills.)-.........The rest I just don't know anymore, the game is actually good.Give this game a go (with co-op)!"
,Not Recommended,250400,17339765,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,malde37,"Clunky controls, with comedic cenimatics that are plagued with errors and weird glitches, and impossible combat scenarios. The aestetic is at most cute, and the processor draw is stupidly high for a game that simple. The story is literally cut-and-paste, and its all just creepy.That's just how I feel about it."
,Recommended,250400,17343636,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Jamesey-Poo,I still haven't learned yet!
,Recommended,250400,9142775,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Hellios,"Quite a nice little game. Reviews say it sucks, but if you like zombie survival, you'll like it. Inventory management is tough for hoarders."
76561197996527118,Recommended,250400,9143693,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Archangel,"I have to admit, this is a fairly neat little game. Story line so far is good with a sense of humor thrown in. You craft your own weapons and forage for everything: food, water, health, and a safe place to crash. There is some leveling up, with a skill tree. Not a lot of achievements, but that's ok, too. It takes a little work to figure some things out: not everything is as clear as it could be, but the game has an addictive quality to it. Not really a fan of 3rd person shooters but the game is fun. Haven't tried multi player or coop yet but I've got my dough out of it already, and plan on completing the story line. Worth the few bucks!"
,Recommended,250400,7609221,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,HakkerMaster,survive in co-op or alone and kill zombies and rule everything >:)
76561197994947143,Recommended,250400,7469903,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Pokemon,"How to Survive? More like ""How to spend some money and never see them back"". Brainless, Stupid, slow and makes no sence."
76561198075506045,Recommended,250400,10924134,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ItsYaBoySkinnyP,great game start is boring but after 10 minutes its great and the best part about it is shooting zombies in th head with a bow and arrow!!!
76561198122099614,Recommended,250400,10924945,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Havok,killed an animal 10/10
,Recommended,250400,10925898,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Curiosity,"Excellent game with solid combat mechanics and local co-op. Played 15 hours with my partner and we both loved it. Excellent game, hoping for some campaign DLC."
,Not Recommended,250400,10880929,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DJ (AKA) blaxar,Top view fetching game. Unless you like both mechanics. Then this game is not worth any amount of money. Played a bit of co-op which was fun. But after about 2 hours. I've already uninstalled and lost intrest in the game.The game was also clearly made for only a controler. it may have been a console port. But atleast remove the dumbness out of it and on the pop ups that tell you to press a certain buttonl Remove the xbox controller icons.This is PC not a lame console.
,Recommended,250400,10881052,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Elwicks,"Great game, especially with 2 players. Highly recommended for any survival game fans"
,Recommended,250400,10882399,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,For Science!,Dayz + jagged alliance + kovac = how to survive. 8/10.
,Recommended,250400,10910403,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sparticus585,"Really fun game. for bieng open world its pretty linear and the maps are small. therer arent really any quests other than gathering stuff for monkeys, and the story line is all there is. its still fun, and is a lot like diablo, baulers gate, and path of exile"
76561198079854670,Recommended,250400,10914644,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Deathcode,i love the survival aspect of it and the guide books.
,Not Recommended,250400,10914964,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,spiral2k,stay away.
,Recommended,250400,10915282,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Seeker619,"A GREAT Game.. and to be honest, there are not a lot of good games out right now that have really caught my interest.."
,Recommended,250400,10950332,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ᚺᚨᛚᛖᛊᛏᛟᚱᛗ⚔,Really interesting game!Nothing to add
,Not Recommended,250400,10951999,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Muulander,"If you REALLY want this game then wait for it to go on sale.  It's an okay game; but, I couldn't get into it.The controls are fairly clunky for me--especially the combat, where I would aim at the direction of the zombie with a melee weapon and the character would attack a different direction.  The top-down view and navigation are very annoying at times with trees blocking your view.The biggest issue I have with this game is the item menu.  I wish I could use the WASD keys for menu navigation, and maybe the spacebar or enter keys to confirm.  I honestly don't know if I can use the arrow keys for the item menu.  Actually, I don't know if you can use the arrow keys to move the character.  But you can only cancel with Esc key, and use/combine/drop with the mouse.  Using the mouse for just about everything was tiresome, dull, and time consuming mostly during combining items.  Very inefficient.  My patience was already at its limit 1.7 hours in.The problem I have with the audio is a very minor issue; but, I still feel I have to include it: the music volume is obnoxiously loud to the point I had to set it incredibly low to match the voice and sound effect volumes, which were set very high.I did mildly enjoy the tutorials, though."
76561198027076504,Recommended,250400,10955234,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mecha Pickle Rick,"Pretty decent over the top game. Story is moderate, combat is average. Lot's of things to create. I feel like the building aspect of the game makes it shine the most."
76561198084792271,Recommended,250400,10956795,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Millkoran,Buy it!
76561198022555534,Recommended,250400,10939267,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,abraham_allende,"I've palyed for 2 days and killed over 1000 Z's, I just can't stop, keep them coming to papa!!you eat, drink ,hunt. fish, make custom armor and weapons...every part is not  too deep just keep it simple and enjoy blowing Z'sFor the money paid on sale this is 10/10 for me."
76561198065890693,Recommended,250400,10942826,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BillNye'sBowTies,Amazing crafting system along with fun online and ofline multiplayer controller compatability all round good game
,Recommended,250400,16421668,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Norvis,Still hungry simulator
76561198081224114,Recommended,250400,22781390,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,alemismun,"The best casual gaming experiencie in a zombie sandbox I ever had! 10/10Just like State of decay but without fear of dieing and having fun.- FreakGamer(Yes, you can quote me on that)"
,Recommended,250400,22781723,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,South Paw,"Got it on sale for 1.49. Great game, Alot of fun to play. Definitly worth it's current sale price of your looking to drop a dollar on a good game."
76561197972055424,Recommended,250400,7539893,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Jester,Parrots on monkeys shoulders giving you quests in a zombie bashing paradise... need i say more?
,Recommended,250400,22536332,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,BOT Ulysses,"Zerei esté jogo com meu amigo no CO-OP , simplesmente um dos jogos mais divertidos que eu ja joguei , você tem toda uma tematica , sistema de crafting , uma história bem manerinha. COMPREM QUE NÃO VAO SE ARREPENDER"
,Not Recommended,250400,20869892,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Teaway,My 13 hours gone for nothingi thank you.
76561197973406722,Not Recommended,250400,20864948,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,m:cube,"AWFUL Game!!!Booo, don't waste your money.Don't buy for more than $0.00."
76561198081575666,Recommended,250400,21095656,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,OtakuWarlord2,"I tried this on the PS4 first or the demo rather and found it very fun. A combination of zombie fighting and crafting style game play makes you constantly think, keeps you on your toes and the slight of hand humor is pretty good too. It can get a bit tricky getting used to it at first, the items you find randomly spawn most of the time so it can be frustrating to get good gear in one play and then go for over an hour without anything good to do the next few times. I also am not a big fan of the over the head look of the game, but if you can ignore those negatives the rest is very fun. I say four out of five stars"
,Recommended,250400,19272397,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Obiel,"A great zombie survival game that is set up with multiple islands.  There are many RPG elements to this game.  Customize you character's gear, weapons, and skills in this zombie survival game.  The Survival Handbook that is in the game is fun to watch as it adds some humorous elements to your survival.The learning curve for this game is well done.  It starts off as a challenge while its challenge grows, but not too fast.  I would also like to mention the other game select modes for those who want more of a challenge.Worried that a gun is hard to find on an island?  You should be, but why find them when you can make your own guns that work just as well.  Item combinations are had here.  Bows, guns, and braches to fend off the relentless undead.<Old Review on Poor Computer>This is a great survival game with zombies, what's not to like.  The closest game that I can compare this to is Project Zomboid.  It has better controls to PZ, and they are pretty good.  The graphics are nice.  My main complaint is my computer lagged at a pitiful 4 frames a second, and I could still stomach to play this game for almost an hour before I gave up because of the frame rate.  That is my computer, not the game.  It's no Left 4 Dead, but it is a great Zombie Survival game with loads to offer.  I hope this is helpful to you, enjoy the game, and don't get eaten alive. :)"
76561198031254429,Not Recommended,250400,20916358,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Olafr_the_Viking,I do not enjoy this game. If I knew about the refund option at the time of purchase I would have tried to get my money back before I had played 2 hours.
,Not Recommended,250400,20951243,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,john,"The game was ok to play until I tried to go to Santa Barbara. Everytime I tried to go to Santa Barbara, the game would crash. I looked this problem up  on the internet and other people were having the same problem. Those people were saying things like I wish the how to survive devs would put in a patch to fix this problem. Well, the how to survive devs still have not put a patch on this problem so the game is not playable do to the fact that I can't play Santa Barbara.If the game did not crash I would not give it a thumbs down. I am not going to tweak my pc, add files to my pc or delete files from my pc just to make a game work on my pc. Besides people tried to add files, delete files, etc and this game still crashed on them. A game dev gets paid to make the game work on the pc. I don't have a problem playing guild wars or diablo because those guys are real game devs unlike the devs of how to survive."
,Recommended,250400,21002583,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,megamanzx4,"It's great game that I thought was a very unique and has its challenges. The main thing I thought that made it pretty clever that fact that you are able to craft all these amazing weapons and then upgrade them with their ammunition. (Also depending on what DLC you have...) I do recommend this game for others and sometimes it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.. But in all, it's a great game and enjoy your stay on Santa Babara Island"
,Recommended,250400,19874250,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Aivaras,Kovac's rules.
76561198049101670,Recommended,250400,19837977,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,axgm19,"It's really fun , and i had fun playing with my friends on this this has girls but how to survive 2 doesnt have girls so i think this is way better to then the other on"
,Recommended,250400,19827551,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Realer,"Very fun game. It goes on sale all the time, so if you plan on getting this game, wait for a sale, and they usually drop the price a lot. For the price, this game is worth it. I had lots of fun playing it, and the plot is suprisingly compelling. Have fun!"
,Recommended,250400,19827661,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kekelao,"First let me say. I enjoy this game. It has its quarks. But.... i can look past them, as most are very minor. My biggest problem with this game and it may even prevent me from playing further is.... Being hit by lightning 10 times in a matter of 5 seconds. Not only is this a waste of health herbs etc. But it is also pointless, extremely frustrating, and unrealistic in every way imaginable.  I do however enjoy the crafting system for the most part and it's a good game if you wanna just pass time and kill zombies. Also fully supports controllers so that is a benefit as well."
,Not Recommended,250400,19829556,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,OBEY,Terrible.All of my reviews that I have ever written have all been yes but this one is a no and there is many reasons why. This game is just all out bad. There is barely anything to do  and you're so confined into a small map and forced to do things. They call it open world but they force you to make things to get from one place to another. I don't recommend this to anyone. Sorry.
,Recommended,250400,19943580,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[Dork++] Dansk Toidi Døsse,I wish I had more time to play this game.
,Recommended,250400,19897698,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,CWUT GAMING,SUPER FUN GAMEPLY!!! The beggining is a little tedious but after you get past the tutorial stage its really fun! lot of zombie killing action involved! rate this 8/8 m8
,Not Recommended,250400,19926311,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,dimdimer,Bit dull  game play
76561198134264040,Recommended,250400,13413217,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,LGDJewbacca,Is Gud
76561197997214589,Recommended,250400,13426133,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Lanbino,"Amazing zombie game. I had a incredibly good time playing this top down shooter ""How to Survive."" Having spent the pass few month indulging in zombie games,(Dead Island, The Last of Us, and State of Decay) I concluded this one to be one of the better ones. Visually the game doesn't stand out too much aside from the top down view but it's enough to compliment the gameplay very well."
76561198022632025,Recommended,250400,13804395,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,stick900,"I love this game, crafting & killing zombies! Who could ask for more!?!  I'm totally addicted!  The game is stunning to look at & explore.  My only contention is there is no locker or chest (Per se) you can stash your loot in, as the items in game can be over encumbering after a while.  What to keep & what to drop? That question kept me awake at nights.  Also thinking about it there was no indoor areas to explore (old houses/abandoned bunkers etc) which is a shame.  Anyway I recommand this little gem for anyone who likes to craft with one hand & pummel zombies with the other.  Hopefully Eko Studios & 505 Games will make another, fingers crossed."
,Recommended,250400,13750963,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Corkedzeus,"I love It! I think that there are 3 main rules to follow...1. Never go out at night without your Flashlight or Torch.2. NEVER attack without a weapon. Its a sure-fire way for ""how NOT to survive""3. ALWAYS try to keep some sort of health replenishing item in your inventory, even if it is very minimal.HAVE FUN and thank the maker, that its not real. :)"
76561198000237795,Recommended,250400,13752125,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,kyvitti84,pretty fun awesome idea
76561198038311578,Recommended,250400,13754530,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,H/N Kinsha,"Let's see..Zombies.. Check ... Crafting ... Check.. Building a shotgun out of a pipe, air compressor and a harpoon grip. CHECK!Ever wonder what its like to be Macgyver on a deserted island filled with zombies and your only option is to take a bunch of random junk and put it together and escape? Now is your chance. Here you take control of your character, you go from island to island completing goals and collecting materials and eventually escape.I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a fun, exciting, and addicting game. Best of all, have fun, excitement and addiction with a friend since it is multiplier.I own the base along with the expansions. Really great game for the low price. Would recommend.I rate this game at 4.5 cookies out of 5.  Reason :  Cant make a nuclear reactor due to lack of bubblegum, paperclips, and string. oh well. DLCI am Natalia Kinsha and I approve this message :)PS: If you have this game and looking for a multiplayer or ingame help feel free to add me as friend on here. I'l be more than happy to help."
,Recommended,250400,13674094,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Insulist,Awesome game! Love to craft weapons and customize armor with things you can find from huge islands. Shooting with bows and guns are so much fun and you can customize them too! It's interesting to find something to drink if you don't want to die in dehydration or hunt deers to find food. Sleeping is also very important to stay healthy and always ready to kill more zombies!Over all Really Good Game!!!
,Not Recommended,250400,13677015,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kodith,Just... dont buy it. Trust me i'm doing you a favor. I just hope the history books remember me as one of the poor few whose eyes melted over this crap.... RIP eyes
,Recommended,250400,13736873,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Voracious,"This Game Is A Funny Casual Game Which Can Be Fun Alone And Together Online And Local With Xbox Controller And KeyboardWhat Has To Be Said About This Game Is That You Do NOT Experience Gigantic Explosions And Big MinigunsIt Has A Nice Crafting And Collecting System And Once You Found Your Favorite Weapon This One Is Almost Always So Often Upgradeable That It Can Keep Up With The DMG The Whole GameNice Is That It Has Perks And Personal Needs Which Do Not Go Too Fast Down With 1 Or 2 Perks You Only Sometimes Need To Eat,Drink And Sleep.All In All I Recommend This Game As A Nice Game And For That Almost Ludicrously Price It Is Only Recommendable!"
76561198142665973,Recommended,250400,13739304,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,negatiw91,"Played 5 hours and enjoyed it so far, looking to play coop after finishing single story mode"
,Recommended,250400,13763371,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Vincent,"It's a nice game, but I think we should be fair, it is not the best. The viewcam is very bad, and that's a very big -. Besides that, you can have some fun for a very little price. I bought the Titanium editon for only 1,90 and that's a good price for this game. I would suggest this for everone who are a lopw budget gamer with a normal pc :)"
76561198019192968,Recommended,250400,13764023,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,destinybro,I was expecting a Diablo style clone where you just run round killing everything with a bit of construction on the side to make weapons and stuff. I was definitely wrong. This game has more depth than that. Over the course of an hour I have gotten used to the games mechanics and I am enjoying it thoroughly. What I would say is that the Keyboard/Mouse controls are a little bit fiddly at times and even by the games little guides it would indicate a Xbox controller would be a much better fit but they are perfectly servicable when you get used to them.The game really opens up when the sleep/eat/drink mechanics come into play because you are suddenly forced to think a little bit about your character's wellbeing before you plow headlng into a bunch of enemies. I like the instant kill animations and also how they damage other enemies around you so you aren't left wide open for lots of damage while you wait for the animation to end.So I haven't played for ages or anything but so far this seems to be a pretty good game. If you like survival games you should give it a try.
,Recommended,250400,13765626,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,flube,kovac was quite obviously the best survivor there10/10 for accentwould listen againhe should have his own gam- oh wait
76561198011811204,Recommended,250400,13766091,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Chief Beef,buy this game now!
,Recommended,250400,13760727,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Futanari Semen Sauce,"Survived hordes of zombies, a giant tank zombie but I died several times because of a single deer... this game made me hate deers... but I love the game itself. >u<"
76561198101634993,Recommended,250400,13771277,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BunnyBorn~Xine,"addicting, great graphics, funny and lots of stuff to collect and make. overall lots of fun :)"
,Recommended,250400,13783827,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Friendly,"Great game. Although it sometimes, crashes, when I download DLC's in-game.But overall, gameplay is great, graphics is A-Ok, crafting system is great too."
,Recommended,250400,13681039,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Refura,"Got this on sale for like .50 or some thing like that but it is worth the full price really.Pros-Kovac rules area pretty cool( you will see)-Cheap fun with a friend-Has a simple skill tree-Fun concept almsot like this is some kind of death game(Was one of my first thoughts)-Cool making your own weapons and armor-When bored you can always resort to duelsCons-Only two player multi player-I don't always like the safe house idea(You have to open it which set off an alarm bring tons of zombies right to YOU, not the sounnd) so if you come to a new island and wnat to stop you have to get to said safe house-Food can be scarce between two people, even more so if you don't have the guy who can see animals on the map-I DO NOT like the shared screen multi players, if I want to go one way and he want to go another we should be able to.  Making it super hard to kite zombies unless you guys are on the same page.Even with some of it downfalls this is a pretty good game and fun to play with a friend."
,Recommended,250400,10242941,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,bandit0,Do you want to survive in the world of zombies? play this game.
76561197985717745,Recommended,250400,13696371,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SuperBroHeroFella,"If you like couch coop with a buddy this game will not dissapoint you. It has some repetitive mechanics, is rather short and some things will rustle your jimmies but all in all it's worth a play."
76561198065002496,Recommended,250400,13667151,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,icecuttingfire,I could talk about all srts of things this game did right but all I'm going to say is you will find your self willing going though hell just to hear another of korvac's rules.
,Recommended,250400,13668545,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Aryz,very interesting game... enjoying it a lot.. worth the buy!
,Recommended,250400,13669305,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,☑ Karas100 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game is look pretty good all about system in game. So this game is looks like ""Diablo"" franchise becuase this is a hack'n Slash game. that's mean easy to play easy to die haha.So when you are in game on a first time i can bet on you is you were dead in a first 5 minutes becuase a lot of zombies but after you can survive from that hell. That's mean time to fun!This game is so very easy to play and this game is got a great system sample is- Food guage- Drink Guagethis 2 things is very important on this game becuase This game is name "" How to survive"" that's mean you need to study about how you can survive with this LOL.But in my imagine i think this game is so weak story line.And finally about multiplayer i think this is ""worst"" for 90% all of who have this game. Becuase when you played multiplayer with your friends you can found something is very very aweful. Yeah i mean ""you and your friend can't run away from other one player""  that's mean you and your friend are need to stay on 1 screen like a ""local co-op"" i don't like this god damn it!Props+ Easy play and fun+ Nice food System becuase never has anygame to use it ( i mean food and water)+ Special Attack+ A lot weapon for craftingCons- Weak story- Stone  character animation- Not good at all about multiplayer mode- Short mapMy Score:7/10"
,Recommended,250400,13669808,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Charlie Tango,"Bought in Steam Sale and for the price its really good. Fun little game, great to play with a friend (coop). DLCs were for few cents so I stacked those as well. I can only recommend, I hope we can see some more DLCs with new islands."
76561198040132658,Recommended,250400,13730257,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Karkaluna,Fun Tutorial ! I like the machet combo !
76561198078131707,Recommended,250400,13732018,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,A2J4LIFER,OUTSTANDING GAME BRILIANT IN ALL ASPECTS SIMPLY A MASTERPIECE OF A PAST TIME CHALLENGE OF A GAME WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY AND THEN SOME THX DEV TEAM WAS A BLAST AMAZING STORY AND LOVE THE PUERTO RICANS IN THE GAME HILERIOUS ANY MORE ADDONS IN THE NEAR FUTURE SURELY HOPE SO TO WHOS EVER THINKING OF A COOL DETAILED CHALENGING WELL THOUGHT LAID OUT STORY AND GAME LOOK NO FURTHER THIS IS IT<>< ...
,Recommended,250400,13732020,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Amazing Red Panda,"awesome! survive means need foods, drinks, sleep, and stay alive!+ crafting system+ kovac rules+ day and night cycles+ santa... is that pudge (dota2) in santa costume?!+ fishing + hunting + cooking+ and big boss :Dhope the next game (if they make another one) have more skills, status effect (like poison, ill, or something else), and more awesome crafting :D"
76561197993693056,Recommended,250400,13707766,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,skitz,More fun than I thought.
76561198058848459,Recommended,250400,13721163,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Remus,"On sale, it was worth the three dollars I spent on it.This item is a port from the XBOX 360, and it shows.  The control scheme, particularly movement, are a little bit wonky, but not so much that it's hard to ignore it or work around it.  The menu system was designed for a controller, so it's a tad clunky with the mouse.That being said it is an amusing game.  The main story is worth 5-8 hours of game-play depending on how long you take, and the other game modes are good for another 4-6.  That being said it does not have a high replay value.  They give you a very interesting and very amusing premise, and then give the premise a disturbingly finite amount of content.  This game would be an incredible find if it supported user-generated content, but it does not.The entirety of the combat system is based on the idea that you fight off zombies with weapons that you build by yourself.  The game tries to sell the idea that you can make a weapon out of anything and go kill some zombies with it, then gives you a grand total of ""37"" craft-able weapons.  Ultimately, however the number of options that you have is 7.  There are three types of gun, a bow, a boomerang, and chainsaw, and the option given to you by the character you pick.  All of these improve in a linear fashion, in that you can go back to the previous version, but the new one is better in every way and there are no other recipes for the materials you used.  This is fine, so long as you don't go expecting the ability to make decisions.  This is a run-and-gun, no doubt about it.The story is a little shaky. [NAMES AND KEY ELEMENTS OMITTED] There's a crazy guy (antagonist), and his motivations are well founded and make a crazy sort of sense, sure.  But then there's another guy helping the crazy guy, and not only does he seem sane, he has no reason at all for helping the crazy guy, nothing is explained about him, which is important because with that explanation the plot falls apart.All in all this was a lovely time-waster, but I wouldn't buy it full price.  I'll give it my tenuous recommendation."
,Not Recommended,250400,13721733,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ExecutorQ3,"Bought this game few days ago and i know i won't play it anymore. It was fun till i realized there's a bug. One that's been reported a year ago and is still there (and i didn't know about it). I totally focused my game on bows. It was fun, you had to manage your resources, collect arrows etc... But once you'll get to a certain quest (finding a pilot), then all your fired arrows dissapear 1 sec after hitting the ground (many players on forum thinks it's ""too much objects on the ground""). Since all my resources were used on a single ""brute"" and i've managed recover only 3 arrows that somehow didn't vanish (used all my feathered and about 80 normal since infected birds dont drop feathers, it's logical!), i've realized there's no point of playing anymore. I'm sick of this... Why the f**k should i keep playing? Why the f**k there's a known, year+ known bug still ingame, but hey - at least you're wearing some ret***ed showman fatsuit and there're dead santas all over the game. F*ck it. In the end i forces you to use melee or boring guns. Would gladly took the refund option, if it were possible (since i bet there are more bug that will never be fixed). Also, not sure if it's influenced by those bugs, but i found it really really had to even run it the day after the purchase - i just did not wanted to play it. So i guess it's pretty boring as well (and i've pretty much played the D2 for at least 10 years). Uninstalling forever."
,Recommended,250400,13721954,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dad,"What H2S does right: the crafting system is intuitive(ish, it would be helpful to have item names in the recipes as opposed to just pictures!) and pretty deep, and makes use of (almost) all the resources; combat is solid, though not particularly interesting; the amount of enemies the game throws at you, when combined with said combat system, is decent and doable for a relatively inexperienced/casual gamer; features a decent upgrade system.H2S fails in a few spots: combat is solid but so repetitive and the weapon selection is very dull. Despite having a well thought out crafting system, most weapons are totally useless. In fact, I would say, given the large choice in weapons, the only one actually worth having is the triple-blade boomerang with spikes or whatever made double fun with the additional Red Stone. Everything else is fine, but doesn't cut through the hordes quite like that stupid boomerang. So, once you get that, it's kind of like you pick item parts that don't help you at all. I made it through the whole game with a bow and arrow and a boomerang... even though I made a bunch of guns, they wound up being a burden. I abandoned most of them halfway through.The seasonal Santa zombies were fun at first, then totally tedious. Where did all those Santas come from? I want to turn them off! They're useful in hordes but there's just so many of them!The storyline is fine, not anything interesting but for an indie game I'm not going to disparage it. I would have loved more sidequests. The monkey quests were kind of boring and easy to complete. Too short, too; I don't see much replayability in this. I'll probably wind up deleting it, when I want so badly to keep it because I did have fun playing it and enjoyed the game mechanics.The world is pretty small, and all the islands look the same. The auto-map feature was nice enough, but it took the fun out of exploring.One touch I did like was the tombstone generation for dead players. It was fun seeing gamer tags for people like Admiral♥♥♥♥♥and bonerbomb69. It was also kind of fun to see my own tombstone and know that some person was going to stumble upon my name and either get the referene or not. Hey, did you see my stone/get the reference? Nice.I guess I would recommend this game for people looking for mindless zombie shoots, but I wouldn't pay full price for it. It was worth the $3 I paid, but I would be disappointed if I'd paid $15 for this. Definitely not worth that price. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,250400,13722802,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ark,Great game. Extremely frustrating and hard though. And thats just on easy. Kovac's Way? Hell No.
,Recommended,250400,13723074,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,IndigoDinks,"Interesting game.  Keeps you amused for a long time.  Missions are taxing without being impossible, although what with making sure you sleep, eat and drink does keep your mind working on how best to time your actions.The top down view is a bit tricky if you're using a mouse, better with a gamepad.  To begin with I kept forgetting to actually turn and face adversaries but got it right after dying a few times.Basic rules are make sure you collect everything you can for a while because they do come in handy.  Once you've got a gun made, life gets easier as zombies usually poop screws for some reason that you can then use for ammo.All in all an enjoyable game...10/10 Would burn female zombies again."
76561198043750337,Recommended,250400,13723963,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dizznit,Best Co-op I've played!!
76561198108739828,Recommended,250400,13713624,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PLAYER2,a great game but dont expect it to be a game like rust or 7 days to die also it cab get frustrating at times
,Not Recommended,250400,13554951,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Luân Phạm,"The game have some shine points. But overall is dull.- Fighting system: It's seem good and balance with melee and bow weapon. Then It's game breaking with Gun and Bumerang.- Survive: The resource is plenty. Food and water is everywhere. You have to fight a horde of zombie when you need to sleep because the alarm went off for no reason.- Crafting: Only 2-3 item recipe is hard, you can figue the rest easily. Inventory magement is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥cause slot limit and you don't know which item to drop. No stash to store item. No item sort.- Quest and Story:  quest system in the nutshell You need X, Mr.A have X, but he want Y form Ms.B, so you have to get Y to get X, etc... The story is dull, no explain till the DLC come out. NPC don't do anything expect tell you to do their job.Rating: 6/10."
,Not Recommended,250400,13556579,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,randydisher,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,250400,13559637,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,crazyoxygen,I can't play this game. It's keep crashing and crashing every time I don't know why. Even my comp pass all requirement.
,Not Recommended,250400,13540963,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Phanther,"In a world plagued with survival horror games, this game is very boring. You can get through the hard difficulty doing nothing but left click and F spam."
76561198137998025,Recommended,250400,14502871,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Brixxor,"Really nice game! After a while it get's repetitive, but i would say that it is a fun and a good game...there are some dlc's you can play on hardcore mode and it's really challanging and fun.  It is important to gather resources to build weapons and other tools and gather food and water and fruit against sleep! And I must say that i hated the camera sometime's in some areas!"
,Recommended,250400,16614959,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Potato,Worth the money when you're playing CO-OP with a friend :)
,Recommended,250400,16492736,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Black Cat Mage,best survival zombie ever
,Recommended,250400,16481643,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,소원,I only know that Kovac rulez
76561198028342688,Recommended,250400,16495966,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ProfLama,It's really funny game :)
,Recommended,250400,16496791,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,EmZiom,"Camera and controls are rubish but when you get used to it, it even pretty nice game."
76561198095033838,Recommended,250400,16496799,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hollowcow,I really recommend this game to anyone who likes zombie games and want to play with friends.It has a rather fun and easy to understand tutorial which will help new players get used to the game quickly.This game allows you to play on local coop of up to players.There are four characters to choose from for story mode each with their own personal story and unique stats and skill set.I am not sure whether each of them have their own story or are the same because when I play as one of them the progress is shown only on that particular characters and not others.Will update once I find out.Overall great zombie game with a hinge of comedy to it.
,Not Recommended,250400,16631652,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Witchblade,"""Mmmh.. Kovac's Rules!"" - Soft porn music playing in background, as this russian accented ""survivor"" explains you the principles of the game.  Seriously, If you can get over the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorialss, quest giving monkeys and the whole ""takes itself not seriously"" attitude of the game, you can ejoy it."
,Recommended,250400,10239796,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,The Beast,One of my FAVOURITE  games it has verry good graphics and it hasn`t bugs. So f you want a game like DayZ but cheep get that game right now !
,Recommended,250400,16634782,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,viinaveijo,The legend has it that if you play enough you'll become the legendary Kovac himself!
76561198204792484,Recommended,250400,16645118,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,NILSSON ♛,"quite fun, but dont know if its worth 13 £ though"
,Recommended,250400,16645719,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TEAM Derank,"Overall a great game, great crafting mechanics, realistic survival methods, great looking world and decent quests.But i have to admit, gameplay not to smooth and there's random lags and low framerates for no reason.And look, now they're making a third-person version of this game, WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ CARES?Why not focus on fixing this game instead? Money grabbing machines...Still I'd still buy it... lol"
,Recommended,250400,13844545,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,RelativePierce,"Bought it couple days ago and played it 6 hours straight (will continue and finish the story mode), but just gonna leave the review down first. So, got this with the dlcs during the 90% off sale, so Ima say worth it. Idk if it's worth full price, but the game is definitely worth a try. Survival aspect of the game is requires some skills but not to the point that the game is punishing. Zombies are kinda dumb yet not to be underestimated as hordes of them will certainly♥♥♥♥♥u up, especially since some of them are armored. It's obvious the creator is a fan of Fallout according to the ""Kovac survival guide"" art style :PPros:-Low specs with decent graphics-Challenging yet not punishing-Narrative is interesting, may touch deep into your emotions-Decent replayability-One of the few survival games out there that does it right-Shows positions where other players (across steam I guess) have died, hilarious feature XD-Simple controls, easy to get started on the game, yet takes awhile to master-Supports multiplayer-Hunting :DCons:-Maybe too expensive at full price?-Little bit slow-Weapon variation may get repetative after awhile-Feels like a large flash game-Would be nice if there are moral choices-Minor bugsOverall:highly recommend to those that can grab it during a sale (50%-90%). For those who are into survival games, this is a must. If you have $20 of spare change in your pocket and have no idea what to do with it, might as well give this a try :D It will last you at leats 5-10hours of game play on story mode, then you will play around the survival mode and multiplayer mode."
76561198040135536,Recommended,250400,13845733,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,calebsfullreturn,"If u like survival, crafting, and light harted zombie games and have recommended requirements then this is worth a look, if you can get into a game for a long period of time then this is for u. (think diablo or somthing). i bought this hole game for special of $2, was worried... but now i can see this was a steal, nice graphics, lots of stuff to keep you going back for more, i can see me getting casual with it, but for now i play... thanks guys for an awsome game. :>also have gtx 570 337.88 6gbrm works great and keymaping is there."
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,250400,13847876,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Darth Chocula,The best part is the uninstall process
,Not Recommended,250400,13847979,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Tready,"Toss another one into the ""zombie survival game"" pile! At least I only spent a couple bucks thanks to the Steam sale, but I wouldn't even recommend buying for that price. The game is zombie-themed and Diablo-like (making it doubly unoriginal). There's a simplistic crafting system that involves grabbing everything that isn't nailed down and then rubbing together everything on your inventory screen until you magically make something new. I'm not sure why the tutorials are so numerous, so long and so drawn out...this game isn't as complicated as it seems to think it is.I suppose it might be a little more fun playing online, but with no other friends who play this game and no way built into the game to find random partners, why bother?"
,Recommended,250400,13848401,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,BeardedKhakiPants,Kovac Rules. Made an axe out of a branch and stone.
,Not Recommended,250400,14113345,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ZtriDer,"This game could be so much more... It could easy have been one of my favourites this year, but.....The game it self is really nice, but the port to PC is one of the worst ever. It is so bad that the experience of using the UI and the in-game menu makes me want to rage.The inventory can't be sorted (god I want to have weapon next to each other and ammo next to eachother),You cant move items around in your inventory with your mouse.Would be really nice to have buttons for type of items so you can ""unmark"" weapons/ammo to lessen the ""clutter"".There is no quick equip and no key bindings for equipment so you have to keep pausing the game to change between gear. That breaks up the momentum in the game and that will make the  game feel less fun instead of giving you a ""survivel"" experiance,And you can only use the mouse to equip gear (stop the game, push the item you want to quip, now move the mouse down to ""equip"").You cant change between ""menu folders"" like skill/inventory/stats/journal without using the mouse, there is no key-binding for the different ""folders"", wtf why???It is good and nice to have a mouse supported menu, but a mouse support ONLY menu? For crying out loud, make it support a keyboard too.There is no ""video/grafics"" menu. Just like a mobile game. Sure, this game does not need much of an video menu, but it would be nice to be able to change between ""window mode/fullscreen windowed/fullscreen"". It is a NIGTHMARE to play on a multimonitor setup as the mouse keep moving outside the screen. If you are unlucky and lick, the game minimizes.This is pure LAZYNES AND GREED!!!!If you could make mods for the game, it would be SO much better. Someone could then fixe the problems that the PC verson has.I really want to give it the thumbs up, but do to the lazy port I will give it a thumbs down."
,Recommended,250400,14152961,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,stargater,"At first I did not want to recommend this game. But come on. If you buy it on sale and it is like for 2Euros, than it has plenty of content, surprisingly good crafting system and can be fun in co-op. Plenty of modes will keep you occupied if you need casual action zombie game and do not have anything other on hand. HOWEVER. The ""story"" is so predictable and even thoug it is trying way too obviously and way too hard not to take itself śeriously. I am that kind of player who wants to finish the game no matter what, and most of the time I like to collect most of the achievements. With this game I could not be bothered and even though i have als El Diablo Islands DLC which shouldb be like 4,5 hour long. I just don't wan't to play it anymore, ale least not in singleplayer.. So yeah, mixed feelings.."
76561198078138829,Not Recommended,250400,14143168,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pheoxin,"I love survival, zombie killing, bloody games! I am sure that you know why we love them! But in this game.. you want love it :< IT WAS SO BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !!!I wanted this game so much.. I hope for hours of fun..   For good humour.. Awesome graphic.. Tons of things to do.. Great big world.. Ehh..Graphic is 6/10 for me.Moobs aren't big deal.. rly.. Control system sucks.. I tried it even on gamepad - still sucks, but for me was a bit better.Game is so schematic.First 30 minutes was like : ok, lets check.. I killed zombie! YEY! Another and another! Hi hi hi! WOW ! He is burning COOL!Oo next item, lets combine it! Nice! I can craft cool things! Bow! Shoot shoot shoot!After 1 hour it was: Oh.. Again this same item.. Lets so what i can craft. Hmm. Still only does not usefull things. O nice item! Oh.. no space in this small eq. Grr... I hate the way this camera is moving.. Oh.. zombie.. i can kill him in soooo maaany way - nope.. only this standard few without any special effects.. Lets go fast to other side maybe something cool spawn there.. OH  i forgot that i can run only for 2 sec, then need to rest to run again.. WTF ?!This game was biggest disappointment in all survival games i played :<I miss my money now... Would be better to give it to homeless :x"
,Recommended,250400,17541041,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Power,"The idea seems great for this game, but Ican't play it because of my computer, but even the 10 seconds I played were fun. The story seemed good and the game has great humor. It really takes the presure of a zombie appocolype away."
76561198178111425,Not Recommended,250400,17542326,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Young Sei,"It is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. It lies about the ""Open-world"" part. Please don't waste your $15 dollars and time on this game. If you expect to build a house in this game, you will be disappointed like your parents are in you."
,Recommended,250400,14305927,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,|PR| Tu bizcochito^ {★},um just survive... that's it.10/10  - IGN
,Not Recommended,250400,17857782,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Godsblade,"How to Survive is a zombie game that is fun at first, but gets pretty repetitive later on. I do not recommend it as I stopped playing on island 2 or 3, and I replayed it a few times. It's a nice game, but not my kind of fun for some reason."
,Recommended,250400,13868319,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,VânZéLiX,"This game is really nice.This game have too many features, the crafting system is nice, the story mode is cool..This developer team made a great job!!Buy it and play with your friends!"
76561198342400077,Recommended,250400,30451746,Posted: 11 March,all,adventureboi3000,"great game,I definitly recommend it It isnt to hard(except for those ♥♥♥♥ing pirannhas)"
,Recommended,250400,7478881,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,spideysi,Easy to get into but real depth once you start absorbing it. And a wicked sense of humour. As good a zombie game as you will find.... :-)
,Recommended,250400,16726173,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Savage Rick,It cost .99 cents for everything. No regrets.
,Recommended,250400,16739360,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,m3sh,"Very nice and fun game. If you like surviving and kinda ""mystery"" stories, you might enjoy this game.BOW IS OP."
76561198075010744,Not Recommended,250400,16666822,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,|TRG| Rob,refundi want it0/10
76561198097725522,Recommended,250400,16671425,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,data30001,Hack and Slash With Zombies SurvivalThis Game Is Great Game Play And Profit!But Online Mode That Override Other Player Save (All Item still but Story lost)You should Be careful (I Advice you to Finish game Before go to online mode)9.5 / 10
,Recommended,250400,16672300,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jiri,"좀비가 너무나도 약함, 하지만 게임성만큼은 괜찮은듯"
76561198081088872,Recommended,250400,16530620,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SVSniper|PasTrak(SDG),iam a love this game
76561198080813759,Recommended,250400,16531244,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Schwarzeritter,"Great game, I loved the ending, nice plot twist"
76561198046938426,Recommended,250400,16531451,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DizyShadow,"Played co-op with gf, totally worth the sale price, its freaking fun, buy it"
76561198002560107,Recommended,250400,16533125,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,brickbatz,Killed by zombiesKilled by giantsKilled by crabsKilled by unknown creaturesKilled by bucksKilled by poisoned gasKilled by lightning10/10 will be killed again. a lot.
76561197972198154,Not Recommended,250400,16534490,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,McCuntface,"This game is boring and the controls are clumsy. Although it's not a total crap, the game is no where near the popular zombie games from other indie developers."
,Recommended,250400,16535458,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Apathy Dogon,"I am normally not a big zombie go getter, though there are some situations where I will play and enjoy them. This being one of them.This game is best played with another friend, similar to L4D2 only that you have a top down view and you control your characters by aiming with the mouse and movement with the keyboard, something of which I am not a fan of as often movement with the mouse screws up your aim, making it hard to survive.Personally there are about 8 or so levels besides the tutorial, as well as different survival modes to keep people interested but again, if you have no friend with you, the game can get quite boring quickly.On top of that, again the controls are a pain to learn initially but not a deal breaker.All in all, i do recommend this game, but buy a 2pack of it. Why? its not so fun playing alone. This isn't resident evil. Though i wish there was a new one."
,Recommended,250400,16428789,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jesus,"What Kovac and tutorials taught me:- We need to hunt deers for food.- Need to drink water to keep myself dehydrated.- Need to sleep from time to time.- How to craft guns.- Zombies and Piranhas are major threats.What they never taught me:- A single deer is more dangerous than a zombie boss + 20 zombies.- Ostrichs are suicidal and will rekt you.- Lightning will struck you more often than a zombie bitting you.- No matter how many survival guides you may read, or how fast you complete your missions, you can never save anyone!.- Lastly, Chimps are greedy and are accompanied by parrots who translate chimp language to your language.11/10"
76561198127329398,Not Recommended,250400,16539090,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,✿,its all right but i wish it had alot of thing :(
76561198135521671,Recommended,250400,16540180,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FancyPants,"The game is very choppy and there are not many settings to effect this, 5 to be exact. The game isnt bad considering that I pain 99 cents for it but the game has a querky feel that I enjoy."
76561198031026494,Recommended,250400,16543126,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ultragian,"Best 60 cents I've ever spent.Never seen a funnier co-op than this one's! Can't stop laughing with all the crap that happens inside this game, you kill each other, or get exploded by a giant fat zombie, make fun of story animations and characters such as a little girl who's on a cracked tree branch, then you throw her a rope so she can grab it, but then you throw out a boomerang and she falls hahaha, then you tell her mother what happened and she just lies down on the ground so she can sleep and be eaten by zombies. A MMO version of this game would be a perfect successor."
76561197976198107,Recommended,250400,16548308,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Harry Gato,"A great game all for less than the price of a Mars bar! Crafting elements provide a real sense of survival with plenty of variety in terms of items, discoverables, and methods for dispatching the undead!"
76561198116101825,Recommended,250400,16548612,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jokke,Awesome game but just more stuff and i will play even more
76561198098237686,Recommended,250400,16452513,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,erkki772,Very good sale game
,Not Recommended,250400,16453454,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rindeeeer,"Its not a perfect game...The dialogs between characters are stupid like between Kovac and you in the tutorial area. There is nothing in them. If you want to find stuf, first you need to have eyes of an eagle. I have found an item only by randomly encoutering it. If you want to kill a zombie just ""swish and flick"" the the sh*t out your weapon, press F button few times and it dead. I only got to the meeting of Kovac but wateva... :/"
76561198106366529,Recommended,250400,16454632,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dr. Oktagon,2 bucks for this game was totally worth it.  Can't wait to try out multiplayer
,Recommended,250400,16456076,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,b0nebar,Random big boss appears on  the beach. Atmosphere changing into a stromy weather. Intense fight with the boss. Slains the boss with just a little bit of HP left. Gets struck by lightning and I die.BestGameEver10/10
,Recommended,250400,16456874,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,gamble108,LOVE IS GAME!!!
,Not Recommended,250400,16456935,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,eRogue,I can't believe I bought this.  Had enough after 5 minutes.
76561198059170323,Not Recommended,250400,16458172,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sabre,"how to survive is like dead island and borderlands had a third person overhead butt baby with downs. For $1 dollar its whatever, but should definately be avoided at full price."
,Not Recommended,250400,16459150,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KRAMUGS,"This game sucks, it wont work. the exe. is not working ♥♥♥♥ this game"
76561197971291045,Recommended,250400,17460436,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Thrill,"Top-down zombie shooter/survival game that actually manages to have a bit of personality. It really does stand apart from the pack.Lots of fun, go for it."
76561198008601360,Not Recommended,250400,17460855,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Solosite,"Linear game, very straight forward crafting has the illusion of being complex but mostly just involves trail and error of combining items.   Might be a good game for some but I was looking for more of an open sand box building survival game."
,Recommended,250400,16913914,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Thraiso,"Fun, though buggy (it crashes a lot!) - I'd recommend it, especially in multiplayer."
76561198011379000,Recommended,250400,16917951,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Xyno,"Good game, much of fun to be had, dont have a full hour on this game since there are other games that got my interest more then this one however that is not a reason it would be a bad game, its good and cheap to purchase for a sunday evening on the cough while your miss's is watching cooking shows or such.let the slaughter begin."
76561198150274551,Recommended,250400,16922954,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,...and a voice was screaming...,Loads of fun. I have the Third Person Stand Alone as well and it's also really fun.
,Not Recommended,250400,16882576,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Carl!,"This game advertises itself as something like Project Zomboid with better graphics. A crafting survival game where you have to manage resources like hunger and tiredness, while also surviving hordes of zombies at night? It's been done before, but this is prettier so maybe it's alright. That's what I thought. You can't build a shelter, you can build barricades that are easily torn down and hard to maintain.I may have gone in to this game expecting something else. Wasn't in to it."
76561198049181370,Recommended,250400,16884693,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nicolass,Beatiful game with friends. But ı think need more updates for texture ^^
,Not Recommended,250400,16885143,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,HeadShotIseeU,So boring and rather not even be seen on my game list.
76561198045634763,Recommended,250400,17470835,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Brok57,Nice gameYou can play it for hours.
76561198072259423,Not Recommended,250400,17702727,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,wolfypagan74,"Here is the problem with the game:   You buy this game because you somewhat like crafting, and you somewhat like zombies thinking thismust be a great game.   What you get falls flat of both....  it is kind of like a 2d maze that gets infinitely frustrating as you consistently run out of what you absolutely need, often having to start the whole adventure over again, until you discover the next time you really messed up so bad you need to start over from scratch.  If you play on a PC the controls are extremely clunky (maybe better on a console I wouldnt know).  Yeah great its kind of gory... so is watching ""The Walking Dead""....  I'd save my money if I could go back in time and tell past me not to bother and by Tropico 5 instead!!!!"
76561198166425436,Recommended,250400,17703464,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Naralo,Great Game!
,Recommended,250400,17747705,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Twinkie ™,it's a game
,Recommended,250400,7494934,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Grey,How to Survive is much like Diablo III + The Last of Us + DotAIt's gameplay is mostly like Diablo III but you can craft your own weapons from meelee to ranged like The Last of Us. Walking through the game would lead you to find some guide books laying around from Kovac. They are filled with dark humor but it's otherwise funny and adds comic relief to the game. How to Survive has potential of hitting the target of popularity.
,Recommended,250400,17622667,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,DarkNetFan,"Neat survival game where you need to find shelter to sleep regulary, find food and water and first smash and then shoot a ton of zombies. It's not exactly that special but has  nice sense of humor. The largest downside is the imprecision of the controls (at least with mouse and keyboard). It has some problems but it's playable, and what's playable is fun enough to justify this if it's for a cheap price."
,Recommended,250400,17512691,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ThunderousThighs,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who would like a fun team-playing experience with a buddy. The gameplay is a fun mix of combat, exploration/discovery, and an honest challenge. And just enough humor to keep it moving."
76561198041163841,Recommended,250400,17713866,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,SUPREME,"It took me 10 hours to finish main story with 1 character and I had 79% overall completion. There are also 3 more modes. I got this game when on sale and I reccomend it, especially if you like zombie/survival games."
,Recommended,250400,16953588,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Hezza,"I played this game for a little bit, it's interesting, and for the price I got it for (something around $3) I would reccomend it, but it's really not a game you'd play all day."
76561198066990822,Not Recommended,250400,16954035,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Weys,It sucks and i dont know how to refund
76561197985487883,Recommended,250400,8379777,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Minorash Beplant (Bobert),Funny and Challenging reminds me a bit of Diablo or PoE etc....
,Recommended,250400,8538284,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sindræ,Epic♥♥♥♥♥♥right here.
,Recommended,250400,8506243,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,avanderw,A zombie survival game with crafting and some humor to boot. Leveling system is also nice. Might want to play it on difficult though.
,Recommended,250400,8523166,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chris Kyle,An amazing mixof survival and comedy. Reminds me of Minecraft at times. Overall a solid game and great if you like survival-esk kind of games.
76561198068570989,Recommended,250400,8517421,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Nature4k,"How To Survive is a great game. The crafting system is easy to use. The soundtrack makes me think of fallout one. I would recommend this game to zombie lovers and RPG players alike. The game has some humor to it to. But all in all, its a solid game"
76561198029729185,Recommended,250400,8518806,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,viciouscircle,"I dont know why this game has all the bad hype and hate i have seen on a lot of reviews. For sure is not a masterpiece, not the game of the year or wathever, but is a fun isometric game with some good ideas (maybe stolen from another games like Dead Island), nice graphics, funny moments. I have seen some guy that has finished the game in 6 hours... i have finished the game without doing any of the monkey quests and it took me more than 12 hours. Maybe he's 2x better player than me.Survival is not really difficult in the game, as you will find enough places to rest, enough creatures to hunt and enough pools to drink, but in overall i would say this is an ok game that i have enjoyed. But killing zombies with several different weapons is funny. If you like Dead Island and Diablo i think you will like this game."
76561198052740368,Recommended,250400,8645102,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mistrianelfy,MUITO divertido! e tem modo online!!
,Recommended,250400,9078772,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,zScythe,"The game is not hard and the story is bit short.But the gameplay is very good, the crafting, details, the only problem of gameplay is it's bit too easy.Plus you can play online with your friends. Good Game"
,Not Recommended,250400,9080433,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Abjekt,Crashed my PC when I tried to run it so couldn't play.
76561198000625558,Recommended,250400,9091918,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,spyke624,"Great game when it's on sale. I personally wouldn't buy it at full price since the story mode is quite short. Aside from that, graphics are good, game play is smooth and fun with just the right level of challenge, and the jokes are quirky."
,Recommended,250400,9093410,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rockys1109,This game has a nice blend of challenging gameplay and humor. It's real good.
,Not Recommended,250400,7684194,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,illage2,"It can be an okay game to play, but on a mouse and keyboard its a joke.  Looks like its port from a console due to the horrible controls.  However the game plays fine with a controller.As for performance its shockingly poor.  I played it on both low end and higher end specs and they both perofrm really badly, and there's also not much visible difference between high and low settings, it looks really washed out.Only worth getting if cheap but otherwise I'd give the game a miss."
,Recommended,250400,17988309,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Billeclipse,Pros:-Good graphics-Very nice mechanics (except the close combat weapons that are a little bit weird)-Great storyline-Nice sidemissions-Many craftable stuff to doCons:-A little bit expensive for its content-Camera angle sometimes you can't see some items you want to pickupIn general its a very good game with a lot of stuff to do but you get a little bit bored aftersome hours because a lot of the game content are on the dlcs. So its dissapointingthat you have to pay so much for a little more gameplay...
76561197962044318,Not Recommended,250400,13654279,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,snoopy_da_dog,Terrible waste of a dollar.
,Not Recommended,250400,13538823,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,EgN | Sibblet,"The game would be good if there weren't cutscenes avery 2 minutes, along with the constant pausing when players attempt to reconnect and disconnect causes other players serious issues!Not a very good game, do not buy."
,Recommended,250400,13912666,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,feralcan,"One of the best zombie survival games with co-op mode. Other than campain, there are two more modes to play: ""One Shot Escape"" and ""Barricade""!!"
,Not Recommended,250400,13916601,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,toix,Mouse and Keyboard is bad. Pure controller game.
76561198107638533,Not Recommended,250400,13866724,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Adobe AfterEffects,man ♥♥♥♥ this game srsly . the graphics of the game is soo bad the whole game is ♥♥♥♥ed up i dont know if u still call this a game . kirby from gameboy advance is better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥if i rate ths game whith all respect ill probably give it 4/10
76561198130137819,Recommended,250400,13868021,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,-=Crazy*$cots=-,good game
76561198151287596,Recommended,250400,13868104,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Кунг Фу Панда,прикольная игра добавляйтесь в друзья вместе поиграем
,Not Recommended,250400,13868188,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Daktuno,"A fun game. But I couldn't play it even for 1 one hour straight. I lost more time trying to make it work, getting around the frequent crashes, than playing the game. I'm able to play games far more demanding and they work fine, a lot of people are having the same problems but the devs seems to be doing nothing. A fun, mediocre game, that was absolutely frustrating for me because I can't play it, even after trying everything..."
76561198049611876,Recommended,250400,13869893,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mellogello,got killed by a bunch of ostriches
,Recommended,250400,13870120,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Frozen Saint,"I like survival games and I really do love this title. You are able to craft then DISSASSEMBLE IT... thats amazing and needed in alot of survival games. The game was worth the money I spent on it, and I will be coming back to this title in the near future (probly later today). Only draw back that I can see is that the multiplayer I have seen is limited to 2 players, local and online; and when you are online you have to stay in screen shot (screen divides and blocks movement if the other player is to far away).8/10Fun game, to just kill your friends in or watch them get fed to the zombies when they go to the bathroom."
,Recommended,250400,13870866,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,[EOZ] Kunz,Jautrs zombiju slakteris ar patīkamu humoru. 2x patīkamāks co-opā spēlējot... :)
,Recommended,250400,13871591,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ｍ ａ ｒ ｖ ｉ ｎ♡,Pretty decent game but a few bugs
,Recommended,250400,13872804,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Skankhunt42,"Let's say the game is addictive,nothing extraordinary but yet pretty fun to play. 9/10"
,Recommended,250400,13873276,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,BagirBsa,Its Cool GameI Recommend This GameI Know Is Expensivebtw I Buy It When 90% Discont :v
76561198110467875,Not Recommended,250400,13873625,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,guestanomy,didn't feel excited or enjoyed any of the gameplay or story and frankly this is a consule game not a pc game. well it was a 2$ game (on sale) so i shouldnt  have hoped for much. Metacritic was right.
76561198044389473,Not Recommended,250400,13874055,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,WeirdRavioli,"It's ok, but the coop camera sucks, you have to stay in the same area. If you need to restart with a character you can't. If you encounter a glitch like endless rain and darkness it'll save and never leave. Didn't expect to much for only paying $1.75"
,Recommended,250400,13874992,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,The Magician,"I bought this game during the sale for $2.00 and for that price I would pay again because of the wonderful gameplay. The only thing that I think brings down the ratings on this game would be that the storyline is complete trash. Overall if you get a good deal on this game, decsent buy."
,Recommended,250400,13875467,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,grayestgray,"Unexpectably fun. The El Diablo Islands DLC is good too, the zombaiguanas were hilarously formidable. Crafting things from other crafted things was neat though it's not totally open, there are recipes to it (why can't I craft a gun-sword (bayonet) ?!).There are a few things it could improve on:Add a New Game+Level Cap at 15?! Seriously sucks I can't fill out the whole skill tree, or rebind my options.I nearly made the tesla quest unacheivable. There are only a set number of red stones, and once you use them they're gone, forever. and for that quest you HAVE to use one on a reel to craft a friggin golden reel."
,Recommended,250400,13875759,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Life,When you look at this game you think its♥♥♥♥♥♥but when you play it your minds will be wrapped around this game like no tmr.
76561198137714957,Recommended,250400,15447250,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,E Ferrera,"It's kinda great, buy it on sale"
,Recommended,250400,13947614,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,tezsyhd,"How to Survive is basically Dead Island packaged as an isometric perspective twin-stick shooter, but it doesn't take itself as seriously. The gameplay is good and responsive and the fighting feels right: you're tough and fast, but by no means invincible. There's no camera control and no way to rotate the view, which is primitive by today's standards and leads to parts of the map that are permanently hidden. The crafting adds nice variety without overly complicating the game. The skills aren't very exciting, but they don't hurt the game either.I rate this game 7/10 ^^"
76561198101976577,Recommended,250400,15636288,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,dimitris_filostsou,GREAT FUN...WITH 2 PLAYERS - LOCAL CO-OP!!!
76561198167300456,Recommended,250400,15296587,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Spike,"It's should be fun but after few hours of gameplay.. boring boring boring.1). Go there, find some♥♥♥♥♥♥ go back, repair some♥♥♥♥♥♥2). In the meantime kill 100500 zombies.3). Combine some♥♥♥♥♥♥into wunderwaffe from hell4). Go to step 1.Crafting has some fun, but that is all. Most of the time your backpack overloaded with junk.Must be fun for really zombie fans or Diablo-like hack-n-slash, otherwise don't waste your time."
,Recommended,250400,15313032,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Master G,veary good game
,Recommended,250400,15314694,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,TERAPI URINE,"buy and play this game when the price goes down, it must"
76561198039103774,Recommended,250400,15339793,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Dr. Overdose,"I love this game its a cool killing game where you have to create your own weapons to kill but you can be creative about it. Couple of things which are bad=Bosses why are there bosses in a zombie survival game why. Whilst playing with a partner you will continusley get ""waiting for partner""in co op which you do get used to.Last thing make sure when a person makes you wait so they can get the game make sure they like games cause i had to wait a week no progress in the story and he gets the game then after a hour stops and we have not played it since."
,Recommended,250400,15340696,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Greendaale,"Great game, not tried multiplayer, but looking forward to test it."
,Recommended,250400,15343996,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,elurskwahom,Quality game
76561198043671770,Recommended,250400,15347003,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mutini,"I see a lot of people writing bad reviews for this game.  Some have even said that the game is too hard on the easiest setting.  I guess I didnt find that to be the case.  And I like the game.  Is HTS an epic AAA game?  No.  But its a very fun little game that you can really get into for awhile.  As for people who say the game is too difficult on even the easiest setting?  Well, on the easiest setting, Ive died only once in over 14 hrs of play(Two zombie bucks attacked me at once, lol).    Anyway, the graphics are pretty good, the gameplay is pretty good, the naration can be funny, the crafting is fun enough, and there is a decent variety of weaponry.  If you can get it on sale, awesome.  If not, its still worth 15 bucks."
,Not Recommended,250400,15296074,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Gweyet,DONT BUY TERRIBLE MISSTAKE YOU WILL CRY TIL YOU DIE IN YOUR BED AND THEN JUST DO SUCIICIDE (im not lying)R.I.Pkebabgurkan
76561198061242899,Recommended,250400,15328401,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Arteh,"Played this on xbox before I got it here, the comp version is definitely better once you get used to the slight difference in movement controls. For anyone who enjoys top view shooters, skill progression, and zombies; grab this game.9/10"
,Recommended,250400,15477266,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,VoNpo,Good Game!
76561198018428749,Recommended,250400,7467737,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,sgt.priad,fast and addicting
,Recommended,250400,15660883,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Logixs,0/10 ign
76561198011714313,Not Recommended,250400,15663323,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Willow Stick,"Game constantly stops working and freezing.Game searching system is broken, expect to play it alone if you buy it."
,Not Recommended,250400,15663348,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Guillermo Lamphar,"Excelentes ideas mala ejecución.Eres uno de varios sobrevivientes a un evento zombie atrapados en una serie de islas (aprox. 4 personajes jugables) y tienes que, literalmente, sobrevivir y aprender a hacerlo. A nivel de argumento se mezcla una historia sosa con un humor efectivo, en especial cuando encuentras las guías de supervivencia. Existen ciclos de día y noche, en el día puedes dedicarte a explorar y similares pero eventualmente te quedarás sin energía o necesitarás comer, así que debes buscar un lugar donde pasar la noche cosa que también funciona como punto de guardado. Así se escucha bien la cosa, el problema viene en la ejecución.Contras:- Extremadamente repetitivo y cansino.- Los menus, en especial el de inventario es extremadamente molesto de explorar, hay menús a los que no les encuentro sentido todavía.- Enemigos repetitivos y mecánicas repetitivas (pero esto podría considerarse parte del género y el estilo de cámara superior).Pros- Las animaciones al encontrar manuales.- Si te gusta tienes muchísima pero muchísima rejugabilidad y múltiples modos de juego tanto en solitario como multijugador local y en línea (aunque nunca pude encontrar jugadores en línea, supongo que por lo viejo del juego).No recomiendo comprarlo y, si deseas hacerlo, mejor hacerlo en oferta, me costó 10 pesos y puedo darme el lujo de dejarlo a medias. Hay tareas que, de tan cansinas, no quiero ejecutar. Sigo buscando al maldito venado para llevar carne, pero se atraviesan zombies, se hace de noche y tengo que  volver a empezar la búsqueda. En la parte del rendimiento el juego es bueno, el sistema de apuntado está bastante pulido y, a nivel técnico, está bien llevado."
76561198075136572,Recommended,250400,15421563,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Casual Casshern,Fairly solid game for only $3 that I paid. It's not that amazing but worth at least 1 play through.
,Not Recommended,250400,13496798,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sees-All-Colors,Planetside 2 > How to Survive
,Recommended,250400,7491551,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,quaker,"Really worth to buy considering its price. Wrote this in English ,cause could'nt fill in this form in Korean -_-;; whats the problem in Steam????"
,Recommended,250400,9052832,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Stockzz,"An understated game, the gameplay is kept interesting with keeping yourself alive and armed, as well as completing tasks and quests. There is a lot of ""go there, fight that, pick that up, come back"" kind of quests but you never notice while playing because the combat is interesting, the enemies are varied and the crafting is really fun and in depth without being complicated.One of the good things about this game is the difference between night and day, where night is much more dangerous and more interesting compared to the wave clearing during day.I played this for a few hours straight and I just wanted to keep playing, I can't wait to finish the game with my first character so i can play it again with another then play the co-op.A lot of game for the money!"
,Recommended,250400,9052866,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,WatchMeAwkwardlyPlay,"So far, it's a fun game. Now to be fair, I got this when 75% off, so I only paid about $3.75 for the game. But on PC, it's hard to find fun local co-op games. I gotta say, by yourself this game can be boring. If you have a friend over, it brings a lot more fun to the table. Crafting system is fun to use, and the co-op with your friend works  very well locally. Recommend to any Co-Op hunters out there."
,Recommended,250400,9054297,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dorfdad,"State of Decay, Dont Starve and Diablo Clone. Picked up on Sale and enjoying it much more than I thought I would. Additional co-op on PC is a big plus as well. If your into any of those4 game mentioned above grab a copy and check it out. $15.00 might be a bit much for some not heavily into the genre, but if you can get it on sale insta Buy it's worth it.."
76561198042125680,Recommended,250400,9054423,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,TinMan,this game is amazing
76561198062586193,Recommended,250400,9042075,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,lexturner,really nice and funny game !!
76561198099476011,Recommended,250400,9054941,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Skynect,well yes after the boat bug fixed i played the entire game on both difficultyes it is a really great game i recomand it
,Recommended,250400,9028639,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,queenofcookies1980,"For 4 bucks? Heck yeah! I've had a little look. It's a bit clumsy in controls, and feels not intuitive, but it's quite fun :). You can just play story by yourself, or play in multiplayer with friends. Killing zombies, building fires, getting hungry... I think this'll give hours of fun. I can't give a grade yet (only had a quick look), but I WILL recommend it! Will add to review later."
76561198107868964,Recommended,250400,9203824,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Summer Picnic Sale,"AWESOME!Unlike most games of this birds-eye view type, it is immersive fun and quite hard to start raging about unless you have died by a zombie deer about 50 times (this happened to me.)  Great game to play with a bro to help each other along through the medium lenght campaign and then the challenges.  Playing this game by yourself however for long periods of time is boring and becomes tedious and you will almost defiately not play it for a while after (this is from pesonal experience.) 2 hours of this game alone maximum.Great game to craft, kill, survive! 8/10"
76561198067822081,Recommended,250400,9073741,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Insane_Bolt,"Recommended if you get it at a discount. It is worth more to me than the £2.99 I paid. The single player story mode is basically a tutorial until you get to the second of the four islands. It gets progressively tougher thankfully.I must point out that the game appears to have been designed as both an atmospheric survival horror and as a fun arcade shooter. For example, the soundtrack is eerie and the nighttime play does get spooky if you let yourself get into it. However, the Survival Guide cutscenes and the main NPC would fit better into a Serious Sam adventure. The music in the cutscenes is 70s funk-inspired. Also, there are sidequests that are provided by the unlikliest characters in a zombie survival story.I discovered that trying to get through the game with only a crafted firearm for defence is not the answer. Incendiary weapons and accompanying skills on the skill tree really help. However, I did realise that I should always have more than enough gun ammo even when I have 100s of rounds already. I will be crafting more items on next run through. It took me nearly 20 hours of play to complete Story mode and all 8 challenges in Challenge mode. WELL worth the money and time spent.I got right into this game and thoroughly enjoyed it. It's a bit more than just a hack n shoot.  Replayability too. The challenges are just that and I want to better my times and scores. There are also online high score tables for each mode and challenge so you can see where you stand in the world of How to Survive."
76561198032013935,Recommended,250400,8961099,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Mr. SweetPuff,"Awesome game would recommend to anyone, crafting sytem is easy to use. needs more backpack space though."
,Recommended,250400,7469515,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Shizwack,"7.5Pros:-Good ARPG mechanics-Crafting and surviving is a nice addition to the old ways of an ARPG-Great interface-Sturdy characters and a story that holdsCons:-Way too short-No replay or re-exploration insentives-Static maps, enemies and environments"
,Recommended,250400,9020634,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Kidicarus17,Great game! Except for the occasional bug in coop story mode that will pull your orginal charcter back in the sotry line if you were really far ahead! C'mon developers! If you fix that bug than this game will be perfect!
,Not Recommended,250400,9020870,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Trance,"I wasn't expecting a candidate for goty 2013 but i was really disappointed at some point, this game started out to be really fun, it become a hack and slash zombie game after i started crafting some guns, it ended up being boring and way too repetitive, hopefully this will be the starting opera for a better game in a near future."
76561198018434008,Recommended,250400,9022675,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Something,"This game was just silly fun. It is a 3d isometric shooter. I will not say it didn't have it's problems. For a start it is short and has little or no replay value, it has really quite small limits on the character progression(you can max in a few levels) and the game is easy. In hardcore mode with 2 players you can progress fast and not worry if you die your friend can bring you back to life. But it is a fun game and it is cheap. If you have someone to play with then I say get it and enjoy it for what it is. A silly cheap game."
76561198029619706,Recommended,250400,7507690,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,+ONT+XFrancis15X,Could have been great.... deceptions... deceptions ... ready-made ways ..... short ....
,Not Recommended,250400,9023318,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,hakansert13,h2s was on the top of my wishlist. i was very excited when i saw the screenshots and i bought the game in winter sale.first of all character animations and controls are really bad. melee weapon animations are same for every weapon. sprinting is also ridiculous.inventory is  inexpressively small and you don t have a chest to put your items.npcs are not interactive. you just take the quest and it s over. there is no AI. quest are simple. game is too short. you can finish the game between 5-7 hours.there are many items to craft but you will never be needed to craft anything else except the a gun.zombie types are limited.it is a survival game but you will never fell the surviving. you can easily find whatever you need.i didn t try co op mode. whenever i finished the game and uninstalled it.graphics are good. kovac rules are funny.simply h2s doesn t give what it undertakes. this game could be a legend but i think they wasted an original idea.this game is incompleted.
76561198006276140,Recommended,250400,9022892,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,[killjoy],"This game is a ton of fun! My only complaint, really, is the lack of Workshop support - but, hey, here's to hoping!In How to Survive, you play one of three characters stranded on an island (or rather a small chain of islands) infested with zombies. There is far more to survival than just beating down the undead, though! You will need to eat food to keep your strength up, drink plenty of water to keep yourself energized, and lastly get plenty of sleep. Hunting and gathering plays a big part, as the both the fauna and the flora can provide you with precious sustenance. You can also fish.And, of course, any competent survivalist has to be at least a little bit crafty. You will come across many useful materials which, with a little ingenuity, can be combined to create all manner of useful weapons and other tools. I really appreciate the game's relatively logical appraoch to this aspect - sure, there are blueprints scattered around the island(s) that will tell you exactly what to combine but you can figure out the majority of it on your own easily enough. For example, to make basic arrows for the bow all you need to do is combine a wooden branch with your machete. For a slight improvement, you can collect some feathers and add fletching. And so on. You can even create your own makeshift firearms."
,Recommended,250400,9023609,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Loki Manson,"Extremely fun, challenging, and pretty addicting especially for the price."
76561198087191140,Recommended,250400,9068607,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,X)DATGUY14X,"This game is really fun, the co-op is terrible because the 2nd player is a none existing player which can't pick certian this and it gets boring but if you select your character and do your own story and get him some good gear then play co-op its more fun and select save files for that different character if you want, the challenge is not so bad you have less time as usual and have all the monsters on you espeically hordes its badass and i think thats is played more than co-op because its more fun but most of the game is recommended to buy because it's not the crapiest and stupid proccess to save and run on. So thats my perspective of this game"
76561197972325892,Recommended,250400,14198943,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,tkrich,"I really like this game although I keep getting killed.   I am on the third or fourth island and the game gets tougher for an old guy like me to keep up with.  The ""safe"" sleeping areas seem to get so much harder to clear out.  I don't know how twenty or more zombies can fit into that small hut in there, but I do know that the noise draws them from all over."
,Recommended,250400,14251736,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,KiT-RocK(MicroWizard),Still nice game ! and decent gameplay.. Love to play this kind of style. Try it and its worth the penny.
,Not Recommended,250400,13977292,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,PrivateRyan54,nah
,Recommended,250400,13980746,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,chanminshou,"Good crafting system, great gameplay mechanics and most of all, the zombies. I'm suprised that this game did not turn out to be popular. Maybe is it because it did not have free open world roaming? Not enough multiplayer or role playing? Or it just lacks fighting and actions?"
76561198004203858,Recommended,250400,13889234,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hakuren,Zombie moose stronger then any zombie or monster 10/10
,Recommended,250400,13889377,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ndragon798,Amazing game 10/10 would bang
76561198053164039,Recommended,250400,13889606,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kermit the Frog,"This threed person shooter is quite good for a zombie game. Most zombie games get old pretty quickly once you start to get guns. In this game finding a weapon is a lot harder and your more likely going to have to make your own weapons with things you find around the place which brings a whole new level to game play, but this isn't the first game to start doing little things like this.Socre rating:controllability: 8.5I find that there was some lag in single player and i would always have two mouses on srceen even with re-starting the game. Not sure if it was a download problem. Other then that it was really good and very quickly to move from one place to the other.Stroy line: 8There isn't really much of a stroy line... well apart from the zombie background stroy, which has been used in a lot of good games like this one.Skill level: 9The game is very hard to play even with fully automatic weapons, zombies still win a lot of the time. Some wear armor which really does effect the skills needed to play the game.Graphics: 8The graphics in this game arent really pushed to the limts like other games. But in this game you don't really need a high level of graphics because it isn't based on details graphic wise.Bonus:Day/Night rotation: 8.5As most people know from all zombie games that day time is always safer then night time. This game really brings that to a new level, bring in newer/harder zombie like bad guys using the cover of the added fog at night.Ranking: 42/50"
,Recommended,250400,13890585,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[UGL]KilaKali™:.,"Fun Game so far really needs to be more than 2 players!  My friends all enjoy this game. Finding all the items we can craft, mass amout of zombie slaying, and unique gameplay. My personal opinion for metascores 75/100 would be higher but lack of multiplayer options needs to be boosted to 4."
76561198098133317,Recommended,250400,13891528,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Avalanche,Buy only at discount
,Recommended,250400,13997772,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cinos Ruddertail,"It's good, but get it on sale.Basically imagine if you had to craft every weapon in Diablo, and also that all the enemies were zombies, and it took place on some caribbean islands. This game is pretty much that. And it's fun, but the thing is it gets really repetitive, just like Diablo itself. Considering I got it for ~$2 or so on sale it's worth it, though I couldn't be arsed to actually finish it due to the repetitive nature."
76561197981137189,Recommended,250400,14046986,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,trepar11,"first time reviewing a game but thought this one was worth it, I got this game on a sale but i would highly recomend this game, i've have not found something ive enjoyed compleatly in a long time and would even recomend this game at its full price. all around a great game, the customization and game play are great and i dont have any complaints with this and think I will even replay though it. not the best put together review but if your into this type of game I dont think you will be dissapointed. also just realized it has a meta score of 60 and i feel that is way low for this game."
76561198155148009,Recommended,250400,13986915,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Roger the Shruber,"very impresive game and interesting charecters . pros:cool weapons , awsome zombie and exploding arows!!! cons: op piranas . verdict:9.9 /10  with a sticker of badassosity"
76561197972410852,Not Recommended,250400,13988091,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,S Y M S Y,"Has one of the worst introductions (tutorials) to a game I've played in a while. It's boring, and the game seems to think you'll like watching slow paced video tutorials to inform you on every little thing. I don't know if I can slog through it enough to get to the real meat of the game, no pun intended... if this game actually has any of that.Part of me feels like I'm not giving this a chance but... why should I have to?"
76561198168766266,Recommended,250400,13965842,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,maddyred72,I like it
76561198066017367,Recommended,250400,13966013,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Donald Trump,need friends to co-op. Add me for zombie massacre :D
76561198119544838,Recommended,250400,13947529,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Czjungman,Great fun game and exellent crafting system fun game to play with friends
76561197981012528,Not Recommended,250400,13948165,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,zap4ick,Nopt playable in coop via internet cause of lags and disconnects. Waiting for the patch :(
,Not Recommended,250400,13948391,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Zirconius,"I REALLY wanted to like this game. However, so many little annoying things about it prevented me from doing so.Pros:-Decent combat-environment interaction-Local co-opCons:-Multiplayer is a nightmare--Limited to 2 players, all quest rewards are only given to 1 player, the entire game pauses upon one player pausing and freezes if either player tabs out, rubber band lag is common even on 100+mb/s internet speed-Quests are confusing and unclear objectives are given-Barricade mode or whatever it's called is ridiculously difficult even on the easiest difficulty, with the game throwing hordes of zombies and numerous l4d2 boomer-like enemies at you that are impossible to kill with melee without hurting/killing yourself on the first wave-DLC costumes are boring, uninteresting (firefighter outfits, that's it? seriously?)-Keyboard controls are confusing and unintuitive, though controller works fineOverall, the game has loads of potential, but due to the plethora of small annoyances, especially in multiplayer, I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,250400,13948906,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,(KCK) AC-130,ITS A HACK AND SLASH THAT WOULD BE GOOD IF IT NEVER TURNED NIGHT. iT IS TOO SPOOKY FOR THAT TYPE OF AUDIENCE.
,Recommended,250400,13954437,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Frozen Mike,"I love this game, simple but beautiful. love the different combos of weapons that can be constructed."
,Not Recommended,250400,13827409,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,[LB] A Can of Sun Drop,"This game felt like it should be fun but it just wasn't.Horrible cutscene syncing, stiff controls, and lack of explanation of objectives are enough to ruin the experience. The inventory system is wonky, the running is impossible to control, and you'll be left wondering what to do more often than you should be. On the bright side, the animations are pretty well done and the graphics are pretty great. I wish I could bring myself to rate higher, but this one gets a 5/10."
76561198013307069,Not Recommended,250400,13829237,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,JA,This was definitely not worth the money. after playing it for 30 minutes i got too annoyed over the bad (and annoying) voice acting of kovan. This game fails to get me hyped.
,Recommended,250400,13830134,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TJTITAN,For me it's all that I expected it to be. A drop down view with the physics all good.
,Recommended,250400,13895826,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Cautious_Klay,Very good game.
,Recommended,250400,13902604,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,penningtongage,"This review is of the base game only. I am not reviewing any of it's dlc.To makes things simple.Cons:Crafting seems a bit small. It could use more items and more weapons.Story mode is short. Very short.Some items are specific to characters. Example: crossbow, scopes and scoped weapons.Pros:It's fun and casual.It's easy to learn and play.I see no design flaws. Having a bigger inventor would be nice, but Items you drop stay there so you can go back to retrieve them.Overall it's a decent game for a decent price."
,Recommended,250400,13880881,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Bryan,Fun game.
,Recommended,250400,13882798,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,VIKUNT,"Great game,I dont really understand the crappy reviews people have left. A great new take on the zombie/survival genre. It's pretty much diablo meets dead island."
76561198120926801,Recommended,250400,13855951,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mr.Noodles,"Well, i purchased this game despite the oddly bad reviews, And i presonally give this game a 9.5 out of 10 stars only cause the type of platform is not my favorite, but over all it is worth every penny. Good storyline, i like the crafting of items, type of platform in 3rd person scroll type point and shoot and or melee. I got this game on sale and would easily pay $20 for the game and all DLC if there would of been better reviews, So heres mine, its worth the money, but no more than 20$ for all including the DLC, I started the game on Harder than normal and if you really want a challenge, then try it this way. Dont let the bad reviews deter you from buying this little Gem of a game as it it sure to please. The graphics are pretty good, storyline is good, and survival is sometimes not easy, Going from place to place and completing some of the challenges has got me hooked to want to complete this game now, I personally play most games on ultra settings so of course i will get half decent gameplay, but as long as your pc meets the requirements then you should get this game. expecially if your not the only one who plays the games on your pc, as this game i would say is safe for 12+ as long as mediocre gore is ok with the parents, Well i have been playing this game strictly now as i am hooked, I want to finish the game on insane next :-) So i change my vote for this game out of 10, is 10 for being really worth every penny 1 is for no good 5 is for its ok, but this one gets a 10.."
,Not Recommended,250400,13543179,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sloth,This game's terrible co-op gameplay made me want to file for another divorce after explicitly beating my partner with the stick they initially give you. I am just angry from how grating this game's mechanics are.
,Not Recommended,250400,13543608,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,UnnaturalDeletion,"This game is the definition of 'meh'. I literally alt-tabbed out of this game to check my messages, and forgot about it for two whole days.I'd give it a 6/10. Only buy it at ~75% or high discount."
,Not Recommended,250400,13548327,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,NinjaBean1337,"The only thing redeemable about this game was the fact you got to kill zombies. First off there is the god awful ""music"" I very quickly had to mute it because it had quickly surpassed what was annoying. Next Was the survival guide which I know was supposed to be the point of the game but they spend more time advertising the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ book then they do anything which quickly gets old. The quests/missions are also uningaging, with uninspiring forgetable characters. If you like top down shooters,  you like killing zombies, you like mindless violence and you have low expectations this might be alright, but for what this game is worth (which isn't much) Just play the dead ops arcade easter egg in black ops 1 which was much better."
76561198071851275,Recommended,250400,15714879,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Lawless,damn fun game
,Recommended,250400,15736813,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,landrei.munteanu,Cool game. Money well spent.
,Recommended,250400,14788567,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,JJFuRKaN,single belki biraz sıkıcı ama multi alın oynayın değer ama sakın kendi silahınızla kendinizi vurmayın :)
,Recommended,250400,14917105,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,° MakaroneN,60/100
76561198118792312,Recommended,250400,14838558,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,NotAGinger,meh
,Recommended,250400,14999295,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SheiFoxy,"Fun, hilarious, and challenging.I love the sense of humor, especially in Kovak's Rules.Not quite as silly as Borderlands, but same style of humor overall.I love the gameplay, crafting, and fighting.Great game. Definitely recommend.9/10"
,Recommended,250400,15001812,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD,cool zombie game wait until it goes on sale then buy it
,Recommended,250400,14992660,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Maguro Man,"Pretty fun to play, especially with a friend. Bug once made further progress impossible; which was fixed at some point though."
76561198174176378,Recommended,250400,15518046,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,raz2win,"my first review is based on what i have played . its not as bad as it looks , only spent a few hours playing but cant understand why everyone so negative . If you wait til its on sale its a good purchase full price not so much , none the less its still a ok game . Just dont excpect it to be the best thing since klick cause fried klick rocks"
,Not Recommended,250400,15441123,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Chief Slap-A-Ho,"It's a little rough, but I certainly enjoy it and I would say that it's a good game overall. But the fact that I can't skip any of Kovac's rules without crashing the game is extremely frustrating. I REALLY hope the developers fix this, since the hints were obvious enough before I picked them up the first time."
76561198059680501,Recommended,250400,7507049,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,GhostDieg,"franchement pas mal , un dead island vue baldur's gate , ca tranche du zombar , nickel"
76561198091301283,Not Recommended,250400,15472556,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ajccarlson,
,Not Recommended,250400,15434566,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,TheMapleFox,"HowToSurvive.exe error... enjoyed the game for the 4 hours i got out of it.  Now it wont start up and a good number of people have this same problem, with no solution.  Tried everything.  might not happen to you but be aware.  Fun game though, just upset i cant actually play it."
76561198119586901,Recommended,250400,15700090,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Vault Master 34,A great survival game with zombies that has great focus on inventory space and a well designed crafting system. The enemies force you to adapt as they introduce stronger variants over story developpment. Fun combat at both ranged and melee and multiple characters to play through as.9/10Satisaying as hell to pull off a 5 zombie instant collateral with an axe.
76561197969786508,Not Recommended,250400,14554892,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,apophispro,"How to Survive has some good elements, but it loses itself in poor design and implementation. There's some excitement as you begin the game. You learn to fight the zombies and begin crafting your first few items. The game introduces you to the different elements at a pace that allows you to pick them up fluently. The crafting system offers interesting potential for exploration and discovery. Lets look at where it all goes wrong.The fighting: Ultimately repetitive and boring. You can play on Normal with no trouble, and ramping up the difficulty creates only a manufactured challenge. As others have noted, your choice of weapon is your most reliable indicator of how well you'll do. There's no real strategy to the game. Zombies also respawn almost instantly so you can't clear out an area. Simply walk back through the area you just cleared, and you'll find everyone back again. The combat is halfway between Crimsonland and an actual shooter, but it never decides which one it wants to be.Crafting is interesting until you realize most items do exactly the same thing. There's also little indication of what you've made in many cases. Sometimes you can combine a couple of items only to find that absolutely nothing happened, but one of the items is still gone. You can also create different versions of the same item. There's no database of items you've crafted, and there's no creativity to the crafting. This doesn't even approach something like Terraria. It's like an action RPG split the items into pieces and forced you to put them together. Furthermore your inventory is abysmally small, and there are no other storage spaces in the game. You will find yourself being forced to drop items you have no idea whether you'll need later with equally little idea if they'll even remain where you dropped them. Rare items often don't matter as some are almost impossible to find but have nothing particularly special about them.The actual survival system, though introduced at a nice pace, is boring. There's no strategy to eating, drinking and sleeping. Food just takes up inventory space. Water requires bottling it or traveling to a well on the island. The islands themselves are almost completely linear with no actual room for exploration. There's nothing to discover. Everything was put in a specific spot where you're meant to encounter it, yet there are few scripted events. There's not much driving you onward in the linear progression other than some MMO-style fetch quests in a few events that could barely be called a storyline.Even with all that, what really killed it for me is the save system. It's abysmal. There are ""checkpoints"" that I can't figure out how they're determined. It seems to autosave on a timer without telling you. However those autosaves are not saved if you quit the game. You have to encounter a ""real"" save point for the game to actually bother keeping your progress. So you can unwittingly quit the game thinking it will maintain your last checkpoint and lose more than half an hour of progress. None of it was interesting enough to want to repeat. The saves either occur at completion of the fetch quests or at safe-houses.The safe houses are anything but safe. They're riddled with zombies and auto-spawn three times as many when you reach them. After clearing them out, they'll still spawn zombies outside them. There's no storage bin or anything personalized. They're the only place you can sleep. There's only one per island, and they're always located somewhere at the peak of a linear maze of corridors. However there's a ""save"" button on the wall. It's the only other way to save your game outside of completing quests. If you want to take a break from playing, better keep the game running.Overall there are some good ideas at the heart of this. Any of them with more focus and polish could have theoretically been a good game. Perhaps a top-down shooter with zombies or a post-apocalyptic crafting game. As it stands, the game is split between too many unpolished elements and doesn't shine in any particular area. It quickly becomes a chore to play. Finally, the fact that there's a lot of DLC, most of which are obvious basic game features and not developed expansion packs, is a disgusting way of raising the price of the game. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,250400,14723085,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Csbears,"The reviews for this game led me to believe this was a fun, interactive, survival beat'em up in the same vein as games like Torchlight and State of Decay.  Not only was i misled but i was also having a hard time even keeping my attention always thinking of having SO much more fun playing literally any other game.The game makes you run around a claustrophobically small island on fetch quests so that you can proceed to other blocked off parts of the island.  The better crafting components and blueprints are relegated behind barracaded shacks that can only be accessed with the correct weapon to smack it open. The sad part is that none of the weapons feel fun or worth the hassle since the combat is so completely flat and lifeless (because its a zombie game! harhar).There are 3 different characters to play as but only 1 single skill tree that doesnt even feel like it does anything.  Then theres the eating, sleeping, and drinking which only adds to the long list of things that dont actually flesh out (man im on a roll with these zombie puns) the mechanics of the game. Its a mishmash of ideas and not a complete product...which is why they sold off all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥as DLC so they can nickle and dime you.Unlike most people everytime i see a zombie game i dont groan and say ill never play it because the markets oversaturation.  I like the idea of the zombie genre with deep meaningful crafting,  hard decisions with moral ambiguity ( like The Witcher 2 ),  trying to rebuild civilization,  humans being the real threat with the zombies as a background. and your survival means either attempting to trust another person with your life, killing everyone you meet like a crazed psychopath, or using people until they are no longer of any use to you and stabbing them in the back like some overhyped overly dramatic episodic show everyone watches.This game is so very boring that i would not recommend buying it."
76561198155237084,Not Recommended,250400,14588718,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Blazecube,This game needs to improve on its zombies and crafting
76561197974948639,Not Recommended,250400,14592832,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cirkeline,"Decent little survival romp, but its too short, too simple and the 'plot' and dialogue is so bad it becomes funny in its absurdity. My favourite quote: ""They have been decimated... Each and every one of them!!!"""
,Not Recommended,250400,14639419,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Voli Makkaroni,If you survive its a waste of time
,Recommended,250400,14640519,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Brando Rambo,Its Fun i like zombie survival so this hitshome for me10/10 - Would kill zombies again
,Not Recommended,250400,14321928,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,raga,"it sucks big time, trust no review on this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,250400,14323412,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,72amadia,Thunder helps me get couple of achievements xD11/10 would play again xD
76561198023312777,Recommended,250400,14324554,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Karakum,Nice small game.
,Recommended,250400,14488321,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Vulpes Ignis,"This is a survival-crafting and progressive story game, which you can play with a friend co-op, this is NOT a survival-like DayZ or other sandbox game, it is NOT a sandbox game at ALL. It is VERY fun tho."
,Recommended,250400,14469681,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Boo Boo /// 波波,gg
76561197991681312,Recommended,250400,14280868,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Zantis,"This game does not deserve it's bad comments.It generally is a rly good game that is fun to play. If u like Zombies, this is a MUST buy.The only real con to this game is the Skillsystem. it doesnt rly give you♥♥♥♥♥♥and you ignore it most of the time.Aside from that you will have a great time slaughtering zombies and crafting your gear to survive!"
,Recommended,250400,14285301,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,RickboBaggins,"Only really played this game as a local multiplier with a few friends and got around 90% so far with one of them, and what a laugh with had with hours of gaming, and we've not even touched the many DLCs there are. Deffo a buy if your looking for a local co-op"
,Not Recommended,250400,14288128,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Logicdon,"A Very good game concept.  Now bearing in mind that the following is my own opinion.Initially I enjoyed this game. Quite well structured but a bit linear in gameplay.Then as I got into it, I disliked the number and frequency of the Zombies and other creatures  attacking, it kinda distracted TOO much from the gameplay and story for me. Possibly there could be a setting for this for you to choose number and frequency ... they don't necessarily need to be less ferocious.So for me a bit linear and too frequent zombies and other creatures.It would be nice to have a free roaming survival mode etc (similar to planet explorers).The movement was also a bit annoying, I would like to have had ""LOOK"" on the right joystick and be able to tilt and pan the view around a bit. The aiming setup is quite good.So in summary I would give this around 5 out of 10."
76561198053308172,Recommended,250400,14289021,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bexar,"If you like the ARPG-survival-genre, then I´m sure that you´ll love this game!!I play it with one of my IRL friends, and we´re both having a blast.Pros:- Nice graphics and sounds- Quite emmersive - it sucks you in- It´s rock hard!! - MOST of the time it´s a good thing- Nice way to make the items with recipiesCons:- In some places it´s to hard I think - We´ve had to replay some sections about 10 times, due to the difficulity of some things.- I don´t like the whole DLC aspect, but that´s a personal thing I think- I have quite an amount of complaints regarding the whole recipie aspect, so to make it short I would say that there´s alot of things that would benefit from some improvements (Missing component nameplates etc.)All in all, it´s an awesomely fun game, especially if you have 1 or more friends to play with :)"
,Recommended,250400,14289481,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Pvt. R. Dale [1stNJ(Co.A)],"This game... I hate it, I really do... This is a negative review right? Let's start off with the layout-I'm sorry that was the part of myself I've been trying to kill. However I cannot hurt him without hurting myslef.OMG You're still reading this review? Fine.The point is to finish the storyline unlike so many negative reviews have tried to persaude you to think. Don't get me wrong you play it once and you're done for awhile. But then you're always drawn back...I don't know, maybe you have to have a higher IQ to actually play this game."
76561197986031506,Recommended,250400,14411738,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,veg2112,"This really short review only covers the main game.It's basically a Diablo clone with zombies.  It's a short game, so get it on sale."
76561198116888442,Recommended,250400,14517627,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,KiraAshtear,"Dear fantastic game that I LOVE playing with my boyfriend,Make it so the screens aren't shared. It's quite possibly the WORST thing about this game. We're going to end up killing each other in real life due to fights about who going what way and it's awful for working in the short amount of daytime provided during Barricade mode.Sincerely, meAlso, 10/10, love this game. 9/10 for linked screens because forget that crap."
76561198123777026,Recommended,250400,14519515,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Trumenhuzgro,"Nice to play, when you just don`t want to play anything with  ranks and multiplayer, but just roam around and  cut some  zombie heads off."
76561198058780528,Not Recommended,250400,14522041,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,danclarke2,"Its got OK crafting, but its just ludicrously and unnecessarily hard to the point where I quickly found I couldnt be bothered any more. Also a way of making the screen track the character would be nice. I wouldnt really bother unless its on a very cheap sale."
76561198168148446,Recommended,250400,14524080,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,The PigBat King,"Great game, crafting is a fun way to make items and ammo is easy to find, but the guns and most range weapons, which are the most useful, are hard to get used to."
,Not Recommended,250400,14609513,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MadD0k,Nope
76561197992930306,Not Recommended,250400,13122224,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,iMetronome,I want to play more than 2 players
,Recommended,250400,13108528,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,LONIEN,"Bom para passar o tempo, mas é bastante repetitivo."
,Recommended,250400,13050352,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ryan4585,"This is a decent 3rd person survival game. The controls are a but weird, the shelters are annoying because opening the door sets off the alarm causing zombies to appear, and offten there are zombies in the shelter(why?) and you have to kill them first but then more zombies show up and your just screwd; and its justed crazy trying to get into the shelter at night when you can't see if there is any zombies even in there!"
,Recommended,250400,13117667,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zid Hartman,I don't wanna die!
76561198027526126,Recommended,250400,13150833,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jamesomac,"Fun game for $3.99 (including all DLC).  Got it on sale.  The ""Kovac's Rules"" videos are hilarious."
,Recommended,250400,13154437,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dwight Schrute,Great game.Recommend it to everyone!
,Not Recommended,250400,13155119,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Saint Anthony,"This gam IS NOT multiplayr.  Sorry a ky on my kyboard isn't working, guss which on? lol.  It will only allow for two playr co-op, rguardlss of which option you choos."
76561198075850161,Recommended,250400,13084056,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Seeker,Great Game!the best offline coop i've found so fara survival game with great features!highly recommended!
,Recommended,250400,13021071,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[Dr] VirtuouZz-OPN-,"Review Score: -8.75/10- As of Nov. 21, 2014. 'Fun n' quick to play, Replayability is up there, Challenging Modes and More'Summary: This game is Jewel. I literally got this game for it's Co-Op mode and nothing more, as no other game felt like it had the function (Zombie game) without traveling perilous miles and miles to find each other in places you don't even know where you are... I'm looking at you DayZ(Armada Mod, not standalone, have not tried standalone).Then it has that arcade feel, where anyone can jump in and play with ease... I'm thinking Path of Exile, Diablo, or something of the sort. Then, you can also craft, and disassemble and craft again.. Made the wrong item? Disassemble and reuse. Got a better blueprint? Got the parts? Make a better gun. With all of this simple stuff said, let's go to the scoreboard.Pros:- Game seems ease to pick for a 'First time Survivor'- The look and theme persisted- throughout; realism meets comical.- Game is amazingly fun and addicting - Easy to forget time.- Crafting seems really fun, you can easily reuse parts you used to craft, allowing you to produce a brand new item you may have discovered/recently gained parts too, A++ Idea.- Game is challenging at all aspects, has a lot of sidequests on the fly as well to keep you aiming for more (To those of you who prefer a 'Complete' Game completion.- Co-Op works; sounds silly but I do have to mention this.Cons:- The game has only one flaw I've found, it's price. This may sound silly, it's only 15$s, which to me is reasonable; But comparing to other games it's quite pricey vs... Let's say, 2.00$s. Regardless, it may be out of reach for some, but if... If people would consider, and saved, this game is definately worth the buy.- The game, in my perspective; COULD FEEL boring if played over and over again, play multiplayer and the experience is completely different (For me). You have to care for one another and share resources, as long as those two are together you can survive at a whole higher ratio.- If this game was open-world, and more items existed, as well as unique bosses roamed the open-world, this game would definately be a 9.25-10 on my scoreboard. No game like that exists as of yet to my knowledge.. With that said, this game would be the Best Top-Down 'Dungeon Crawler' survivor game.Ending Conclusion; The game is amazing, I think it's one of my best buys, even though I may not play it as much (As I'm more of a competitive gamer) but as soon as I don't have time, or play games casually, this is one of my go-to games from now on. Enjoy~!-V.P.S. One way to get around the price, is look for a coupon from someone, or just wait for a sale. Either or exists, just check out the group ""Steam Trading Card Group"" They usually have them. Good luck~!"
76561197992246194,Recommended,250400,13021605,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,panther3007,"A fun game. Kind of like dead island but top-down. Well made but a little arcady. I enjoyed it, it did finish sooner than I wanted it to (7 hours game time for the story) but there are several DLCs available that add more islands. Get it for $10 or less."
76561198093049482,Recommended,250400,13033234,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ヒューマンゴス,"Best BEV (birds eye view) game around. I do not play much of them, but from my experience this is the only one I enjoy."
,Recommended,250400,13098666,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Rama,Fun game to pass time
,Recommended,250400,13100490,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Tagome ☆,one of the best and cheapest games available...... needs more content..... hopefully a sandbox mode.
,Not Recommended,250400,13102034,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AirBear1,"First, the game performs well enough, although there is some tearing and no v-sync option.While I wouldn't say the game is bad, I didn't enjoy it. The humor displayed in the survival guide tutorial videos isn't bad, but there are so many tutorials that it breaks the flow of the game and I would have preferred the information be given to me quicker. Aiming can be awkward when you are trying to target a certain zombie in a small group. When you build your first gun, you will NEVER need to worry about ammo since ridiculous amounts of it are dropped. Combat is generally not too exciting. In *desperate* need of a minimap or at least a waypoint arrow so I don't have to pause and open the map everytime I want to make sure I'm going the right direction.Not enough personality in either direction to be the ""goofy"" zombie game like Dead Rising or to be a dark survival zombie game."
,Recommended,250400,13056450,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pag,Its a very good game and beast. I like so much cause  its the feeling of surviving in a game like this.
76561198044488517,Not Recommended,250400,13058568,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,joeshmowyaknow,"so i paid full price for this game. i read some reviews and gave it a shot. and the game is AVERAGE int the top down shooter genra. And POOR in the survival/crafting genra. the parts are set up to be easy to find and in order, making crafting weapons almost as if you were finding them for a quest... Now the reason why i started out saying i paid full price... the dlc.. theres another $15 or more worth of dlc.. and from what ive heard it makes the game... so now its almost like i have a paid for free version .. and have to pay for the full game... but instead its worse...... soo.. i paid full price for this game?"
76561198079387395,Recommended,250400,13047198,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Milf Hunter Anal Tornado,"This game is best for playing with friends on voice chat, all the crafting recipes that are in this game is incredible, it's amazing how to you get lost with all the different parts! Don't play single player, not a good experience."
,Not Recommended,250400,12998843,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Lhughen,"It is a fun game, but very buggy, it was hard to finish it.I don't recommend this game."
76561198145137111,Recommended,250400,13000456,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Kum Captain,"I like the game play but the camera angles could use some work, other then that it's fun but it's quite difficult the more you progress."
,Recommended,250400,13001431,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Omnos,well this is a rather neat surprise... a diablo-like game based around zombie survival?a very good job and a very neat mix.8/10
76561198148358287,Recommended,250400,13230394,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ice cube #GAMBA,WHAT I CAN SAY IS:THIS IS WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR
,Recommended,250400,12958599,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,McCarthy,It's A Birds Eye DeadRising Game at a cheaper cost
,Recommended,250400,12961367,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Phoenics The Phoenix,"This game makes me sad about all the other half-finished, developer abandoned 'concept showcase' games out there.This game is a great example of how TLC from a developer makes all the difference in the world.Let me list the things that COULD have been done horribly but were instead done excellently:- UI- Crafting- Combat- Volume and depth of content- DLC (done well, cheap, interesting, and great value for money)- Progression (not too slow, fast, linear, or vague)This is the standard of game that gamers should be getting, not just half-baked, overpriced, glitchy, games that are perpetually on the brink of being playable.Honestly so much more enjoyable than so many other games of simillar price. 9/10"
76561198038160327,Recommended,250400,10626810,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Iedonis,"Very funny zombie-survival. Crafting your own weapons, different character skills and a skill systeme brings a litle bit of RPG in the game"
76561198016520246,Recommended,250400,10628848,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hello Hupka,"Nice surviving game. Recommend to all lovers of action, survival games with crafting :)"
76561197970385484,Recommended,250400,10631084,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Bertard,Good fun if not a little short
,Recommended,250400,16892150,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Zimmy Zam,Ok survival game
,Recommended,250400,10707821,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mutiny,"Fairly basic survival game, gets a bit too easy once you craft a particular weapon. But enjoyable."
,Recommended,250400,7510628,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Sad_Pyro,"Neat game onetimer!It even got the multiplayer,sweet!Join the fight against hordes of Zeds"
76561198057224440,Recommended,250400,10685902,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AJamesBaxter,Awsome Game! Animal Skin+String= Leather Bag. Science!
,Recommended,250400,10731320,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,VOX,Good Fun - Well worth picking up during the summer sales :)
76561198070084566,Recommended,250400,10903674,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KAAPPINEN,Huvahuva peli
76561197970850575,Recommended,250400,10906504,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Beard,This game would be hugly fun and way more successful if it was Click and hold to move.. similar to diablo 2... Key board movement in this is very clumsy and tiresome.ThanksWithout click to move 2/5 starsWITH click to move 4.5/5
,Recommended,250400,10891917,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nexxisx,"The game is simple, but enjoyable. Make boomerang, kill zombies. Not much more too it. I dont have much time to invest into gaming anymore so games like this are a gem."
76561198116745143,Recommended,250400,10893521,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tyrranus,"This is exactly as advertised. A fun little, run around and kill zeds game, with some fun additions for crafting items and weapons. It combines humor with some seriously difficult challenges. I am only early into the game but so far the only bits I am disappointed with right now are the limited and infrequent places the game saves and the, apparent, inability to build your own shelters. I say apparent because I'm still early into the title. On the whole, so far, the game has had few ""zomg this is impossible moments"" but plenty of ""I need to be careful how I do this"" moments. In my opinion this is a refreshing change from games that are either impossibly hard to enjoy casually or disgustingly easy, even for people in a coma.I'm kinda cheap but I think the $15 price is about perfect for the game you're getting. If you catch it on sale for 75% off like I did, you're scoring a major win."
76561198048769812,Recommended,250400,10893975,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Teddy Bear,"its have its high and low, overall so so, recomment only to buy when it on sale. lol"
,Recommended,250400,10212645,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,janoszen,"This game officially has the best value for money ratio I've ever seen. There's so much stuff to do, combine items, discover new weapons by assembling them differently, create ""attractive explosives"" by strapping a bomb onto a piece of raw meat and tossing it between the zombies... just frickin' awesome."
,Recommended,250400,10177184,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Josh,"Buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥won't even start. I get a black screen with a mouse pointer that doesn't move. Won't respond to CTRL-ALT-DEL - have to hard-reboot.Latest drivers, tried all of the suggested 'temp fixes' on the forums regarding codecs and renaming video files/folders.Does not work.Got it working - downloaded local game files again, then set the permissions on the folder to allow non-admin users full access, then set compatibility mode on both the .exe files to disable desktop composition. Voila! Thing works now.Now that I've gotten past the initial challenge, the game is actually rather entertaining. Would recommend."
76561197991834906,Recommended,250400,7506638,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,feedthemanmuffinz,This game THIS GAME is so ♥♥♥♥IN fun
,Recommended,250400,15752418,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,LeXoRiA,Actually I don't like zombie games but H2S is one of the best survival games. Do you think that Don't Starve is awesome? You should play H2S. And try Co-Op!
76561198103336826,Recommended,250400,15755264,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Stoerder,"Be Aware folks, this game is best played with a pad, with mouse its unbearable"
76561197982815216,Not Recommended,250400,12908358,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Fe,"(sorry for my bad English)5/10not good, nor bad.I really want games with isometric view to be popular(because I can't play FPS game). But this game doesn't have much contents for me.Pro- interesting gun/bow aiming system- fine graphic for this game genre- tutorial video from Kovac is funnyCon- need to kill respawn enemies every time you want to move from point A to B, and you won't get any rewards besides ammunition, crafting materials.I enjoy killing respawn enemies in other ARPG games, But I don't know why it's boring in How to Survive.- every islands look like the same except soil type and plants- not much things to do. Go point A to B to make some story progression, collect things to drink or eat on your ways, then craft a weapon to use until you reach a point of story that allow you to craft a better weapon."
,Recommended,250400,15882302,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Baron Dank'in Memes,"Im really sad that the reviews that got ""the most helpful"" are the negative ones. This game is fantastic. This game has some of the best and addicting gameplay I have enjoyed in a long time. I cannot remember the last time I actually lost track of time because of a good video game and this is it. Of course like most games it isn't perfect but it still shines through where it counts most!+Addicting gameplay+Great Crafting+Graphics are great+Great Story+Great characters+Replayability+Bosses+Diverse number of enemy's-Not enough inventory-No way to store itemsThe game gets a solid 8/10 from me."
76561198188835693,Not Recommended,250400,15886353,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,iKapoy,I need linux platform for this game because i just buy it.
76561198097824965,Recommended,250400,16234470,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,VanDerSm00th,"I don't know if it's because I was just feeling like playing exactly this type of game, but it's awesome! I can hardly let go of the controller. I started with mouse and keyboard but I feel this game was designed for controllers.Great game so far!"
76561198076292737,Recommended,250400,16235229,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,juicyscoobs,its not very good but its not absolutley horrible
,Recommended,250400,16272777,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ElFungus,"Addictive, funny, sometimes a bit repetitive but definitely entertaining!"
,Not Recommended,250400,16253746,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,FlexingFelix,Not very fun. Could have been better polished
76561197984777220,Not Recommended,250400,16262065,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Rigsman,"Inability to save outside of set map points makes this a game that can only be played by someone who can sit down and play for a couple hours straight.  You can fight like hell from one end of an island to the area you need to be in and, if something IRL comes up, your choices are to leave the game running until you can come back several hours later or you can quit and erase all your efforts since the last save point, which means you end up possibly playing the same section of the game over and over and over for no reason other than you have a life.Also, the game's tendency to replace items in the quick use bar without user input means you can have a health poultice ready to use, spend the next half hour gathering compmponents for a molotov to pass a necessary barrier, kill a boss and go to use your poultice afterwards and end up throwing your bomb at the boss's corpse effectively negating the last half hour's work.And finally, I could find no settings that would allow me to open up and review blueprints after I had picked them up so I could keep an eye out for the necessary components.  It may be in there somewhere, but, if so, it's obviously not intuitive, which means it's a bad game design.The game runs smoothly and the mechanics of gameplay are well done, but the lack of factors outside the game like real life interruptions and an inuitive control system makes this a game not worth playing.  I would not recommend it."
76561197994561734,Not Recommended,250400,16153005,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Praise The Dashy,Gets booring very fast and feels incomplete
,Recommended,250400,15395290,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,((su)) CODEz,"I really like this game. I've spent hours on it already and it's easy to spend several more on. I sware I don't blink when I play this game for some reason. It keeps you involved, is well balanced and no bugs to report. I highly recommend this game. Oh and it's cheap, only 20 bux for all of it. Get it.!"
,Recommended,250400,15396660,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,682Forest,"i like it, although improvements to performance could be made.8/10"
76561198158907622,Not Recommended,250400,16138251,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,valcliff,"Man, this game has dredged up some intense feelings for me. On the one hand, it's a brilliant concept. Turning it into a hack/slash RPG with crafting all the hardware you can use to escape a Caribbean zombie nightmare. There's some great voice acting in this game, and the combat is top notch.On the other hand.....This game is known to crash on me. A lot. Seriously, I know this is only a fifteen dollar game, but the programmers really need to get off their asses and start patching this. The game also can't seem to make up its mind whether it wants to be mildly challenging or European-Extreme. While that does have a interesting way of keeping me on my toes, many parts of the game just feel downright mean-spirited in design. Two examples I can think of off the top of my head is a boss battle that takes place on a beach about halfway through the game. I ran into this guy, many of my reserves were depleted from hordes of zombies before, and night was just starting to fall, meaning you also get the weird mutant gremlins hounding you every few seconds. Now who knows, it could just be I just had really crappy luck, since the battle could have gone very differently depending on various factors. However, there's another part much later, where you're trying to retrieve some airplane cargo that's been scattered through a swamp. You'll sometimes run into gangs of piranha in these area, and they are completely unkillable. I even tried using the electric gun, which in all rights SHOULD be able to kill them. Your mobility is sapped when you're in the swamp, which makes it very easy for the fish to catch up to you. Many of the islands in the swamp can only be climbed on from certain sides, and you have to sprint all the way around while the piranha are ripping you to pieces, and they work much more quickly than you do. Oh, and the map didn't offer any safe or easily defined routes through the swamp. Also it eventually started spawning me IN the water, right next to my hungry friends. Suffice it to say, this was about the time where the game overstepped its bounds and I stopped. I'm not one to complain about a hearty challenge, but the designers don't seem to get that there's a pretty huge difference between a fierce but functional challenge, and unplayable garbage. I went into this really wanting to make it all the way though, and it really breaks my heart that I can't readily recommend this to anyone.Sorry Kovac. You just can't survive poor game design. It was fun while it lasted, though."
,Recommended,250400,16235513,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Corwins,Had fun. ;) try it
,Recommended,250400,16237609,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ninja Tuna,"i learned that there's a new level above hard mode. Kovac's way... and gold could kill zombie way better than usual weapon...play it.. the sound's terrific... makes you wonder where the ♥♥♥♥ is that creature hiding.. plus, you built your own weapon...safe house ? not yet... clean that house before you make it safe... this game made other zombie's game looks like fairy tale...GO.GET.IT."
,Recommended,250400,15165529,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,JPF55,"Fun, interesting and a new take on surviving the zombie outbreak"
,Not Recommended,250400,15174312,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,justsayemoji,"Игра вообще не впечатлила, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я полнейшая, ни♥♥♥♥♥♥ не понятно.11/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ шакалов."
,Not Recommended,250400,15029498,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Kitaii,"Really not good. Not a survival game, but not Diablo either. Really the worst of both worlds."
,Recommended,250400,15029631,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tearahnee,"Got this on sale,but would pay full price for sure. Great game."
76561198128372247,Recommended,250400,15033000,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,BioHazarD,Its attempting learning. You can learn very much about SURVIVING in this game
,Recommended,250400,15236337,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Alin,"Bun joc, dar este complicat"
76561198053583386,Recommended,250400,15236619,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,PhuketGirlZ ( . .),im loving it!but bigger inventory plz
76561198034387691,Recommended,250400,15237522,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Zaife,"realy cool game , the only problem is that i think is too short (im going to by the dlc now hahaha , but doesnt have an pack with all dlc together =/)"
76561198095262101,Recommended,250400,15238322,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,niki12339,"hello everyone who was happening the black screen of death, i just found the fix that fixes everything :D here it is go to the game properties go to local files, then hit verify integrity of game cashe it'll find all messed up files and reinstall them, hope this helps all you ****** off people lol"
,Recommended,250400,15238378,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Айбелиф Айкенфлай,"Well, I like the game. Zombies don't touch deers nearby. But they are atracted by meat of the deer you've taken from the poor animal.♥♥♥♥♥the logic."
,Recommended,250400,15241080,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Hades,Fun!
,Recommended,250400,15241988,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,craig.bottomley,"I've only been playing this for little over an hour. It is so well put together, pretty graphics, the viewing angle is sometimes a littel restricted but generally adapts to the surroundings. Absolutely famtatsic sense of humour. I totally recommend it to anybody who likes exploration, adventuring with zombies to hack up everywhere. Plus it's currently on sale so even more of a bargain!"
76561197991035830,Recommended,250400,15228466,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[EST]Well-O,Build your own Shotgun......mehWait what a Shock Gun!!! Let the games begin!!!!!
,Recommended,250400,15301831,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Steven Hawkqueen,Its Nice To Play Game Little Horror But Still This Game Rocks My World Owh... I Wanted To Play The CO-OP But None Want To Join Me :(
,Recommended,250400,15306447,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ELFH,good game.... but theres still wonky aiming of the explosive arrows...
76561198022345901,Recommended,250400,15268124,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Caleb367,"A surprisingly fun game. Nothing groundbreaking - it's sort of a Diablo with zombies and a whole lot of crafting - but it's really fun to play, the ""another ten minutes, I want to find the pulleys and make a crossbow"".Oh, and you can attach bombs to tapir meat and throw it to zombies."
,Recommended,250400,15268178,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,MrLuciferous,"This is a great game but there is place for improvements, such as a sense for new player on how to play and which direction to go becaause it gets confusing sometimes and i wonder around. And a save feature not only when you finish a quest."
,Recommended,250400,15271289,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,max_power1619,"game is fun and creative ,But if you dont follow Kovac's Rules your probably ♥♥♥♥ed"
76561198101961061,Recommended,250400,15259617,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Perpul Lerpul,It is a superfun game its even more fun if you play with a friend ive been playing the story with my friend we had a great time playing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *dont listen to - commets its a lie*
76561198128940920,Recommended,250400,15261517,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,DropBear ♥,Its alright BUT if it were 4 player co-op it would be awsome! PLEASE MAKE IT 4 PLAYERS INSTEAD OF 2 in multiplayer!!
,Recommended,250400,15263854,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Keyser Söze,"its ok, the only thing that i dont like in this game is the camera angles"
76561197999387764,Recommended,250400,15264971,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,dforte213,Pretty good game for the price!
,Not Recommended,250400,15272711,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,kosmatpd,"I really, really wanted to like this game, it looked promising, action RPG like Diablo but with zombies ;-) or Wasteland 2 with zombies but no such thing. First and form most this game was developed for gaming consoles with PC as after fought. That said, it is pain to play and navigate menus, mouse pointer doesn’t work often and you have to use keyboard. Graphics are good enough, and the game looks pretty well at 5760 x 1080 BUT play mechanics suck, you cannot rotate the view, interaction is a matter of luck, half the stuff I found and picked up was by sheer luck. You have to use keyboard for movement, no running around and bashing zombies with a mouse. It really felt like an unfinished game which isn’t always bad when in Alpha stage but this is “finished game”.  I played Alpha games before and they had me come back for more but this game did not managed to pull me in. As to the story and content can’t say too much because after I died the first time I had no intentions of trying again (check point save system doesn’t help) and uninstalled it lol so that’s that."
76561198041882530,Recommended,250400,15273171,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Yun Fufu,"The game is fun to play in all but it would've been much better if you can play in Windows mode without it crashing. Yea, it sucks. I can't play on windows mode. but other than that the game is amazing specially if you love Diablo 3 you'reto oo lov"
,Recommended,250400,15274481,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Xaqurhi Binx,okay so I just bought this game an fell in lovebut I just found a reason I am now stuck on itI GOT SHOCKED BY LIGHTNING SERIOSLY STORM COMES KABLOWreason 'nuff
,Recommended,250400,15277946,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Izzan Zikry,Awesome game
76561198087451002,Recommended,250400,15278969,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,mundain,defenitly worth playigonly bug i have found is after playing for a few hrs the game crashes after traveling buy boat witch is not to bad coz should get up and do somthing ells for a bit anyway :Pthink i will keep playing this game for a while to come
,Recommended,250400,15089098,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,mcantelon,"I was skeptical after reading some of the negative reviews, but I greatly enjoyed this isomorphic aRPG.  t's kind of like a top-devel Dead Island with a skills tree, a better crafting system, and the need to hunt.The graphics in general are great and the scenery is gorgeous. The controls are generally good: having one stick to move and one to aim worked well. Time plays a big part of this game: things are harder in the night and the changes from day to night, and visa versa, are gradual and realistic.The one negative thing about the game, far from a show-stopper, is a lack of polish in some respects. Some things just don't work how you'd expect them to.All in all this game engrossed me and once you've completed the campaign other game modes, such as random mini-campaigns with perma-death, keep things entertaining."
76561198099294106,Recommended,250400,15098305,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Terry Crews,one of the funnest zombie games ive played
,Recommended,250400,14960370,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Moon Darklight,9 out of 10but why the game does not have wikii need a wiki :(
,Not Recommended,250400,15199144,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,zipx5,Very boring very quickly
76561198143217991,Not Recommended,250400,15300636,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,****************,"I CANT DO ANYTHING. I CANT LOG OUT I CANT UPDATE STEAM, AND IT SAYS IM ALWAYS PLAYING IT. DONT PAY ATTENTION TO THE HOURS PLAYED. IT'S ALL BECAUSE IT NEVER ENDS. IT NEVER EVER ENDS. IM INSANE NOW, IT'S DRIVING ME INSANE. I CANT DO ANYTHINNNNG"
,Recommended,250400,15038463,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,My Aim Is Shit,"So far, so good, the game is well made, the sounds are creepy and the background is really enjoyable"
,Recommended,250400,7518855,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Supi [HUN],"Zseniális játék. Igazán szórakoztató és ötletes, több órára lekötött és magával ragadott. Az ára is nagyon baráti. Ketten játszani egy gépen egymás mellett ülve, pedig nagyon jó múltidéző hangulatot ad. Valamint még hasznos alapvető túlélő tippeket ad, bár azt inkább az SAS-survival guide könyvből ajánlom, de itt szórakozva is megmarad, hogy mivel jár a dehidráltság, kevés alvás, tehát semmi komoly, de nem is alaptalan. Jól felépített a story is, de az másodlagos. Inkább túlélős hentelős a téma. :-) Jó szórakozást, megéri a pénzét. Igazi kis gyöngyszem."
,Recommended,250400,16008848,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Cyanide,I like kush
76561198058176216,Recommended,250400,15832706,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Mr. Bendova,"Great game to play with friends. Definite replayability. Fun little game full of challenge and awesome story. Plus it was cheap as ♥♥♥♥. I bought 2 for like 4 dollars. 10/10, all games should be 2 dollars!"
,Recommended,250400,15773765,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,☹,"Dont be a hero and Fight a horde at a time... Bad F*cking idea. With that amount of crafting, its like a smaller, Top down Dead rising with a larger variety of Zombies to slay with all of your custom made weapons. 10.5/10"
76561198072657135,Recommended,250400,16002338,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DeathBrokerz,"the good-killing zombie-Controller support-run smooth 60fps++-cheap-excellent tutorial-2 player option-combat system is good-nice graphic*it enjoyable not that bad idk why those guy keep complain about crash / stop working i play it for 2-3 hour and it totally fine no prob at allthe bad-it not replayable-island is so tiny-story is quiet short-the bgsoundtrack is sometime annoyed (maybe it just me)-get repetitive very easy (over and over and over and over . . . .)-story isnt that good i feel like i play ""Zombie killing simulator""-not enough item / craftable item (maybe it just for me)dont get me wrong it not worst game it fun it enjoyable it worth my moneyso i give it 7 / 10 not bad and not perfect"
76561197971208837,Recommended,250400,16005547,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Pringliano (Martim Silva),One of the best games of the genre
76561198063037286,Recommended,250400,15486654,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,davidsisatcs,"what i like about this game is it go's forever a real deal an fun too, thanks for the good work make more and I'm thetre"
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,250400,15887704,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Puddle,"There is just has much to hate as there is to like about How To Survive.The Bad:The story- Its sooo predictable. On top of that its basic as all get out. There is no lore about the world or zombie outbreak. There is no character building for you or any of the 2 npc characters. They didnt even try here.The sound- It sounds like they recorded the game in a microwave. Not only that, the zombie sounds occur CONSTANTLY. Even when you clear the whole area, you will still hear the oh so pleasing zombie groans and screams.The environment- Storms happen all the time and lightning strikes the area around you constantly. Nights are usually covered in a thick layer of fog making it near impossible to see anything. Swamps are covered in pointless ♥♥♥♥ing piranhas that eat you in about 3 seconds flat (but not the zombies of course.) Paths are blocked with fences that can only be bypassed with A ♥♥♥♥ING EXPLOSION. A 2 foot high wooden piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥fence needs an explosion to bypass it..... -.-.Crafting- There is very little work put into this system. You have a shotgun, pistol, rifle, bow, and boomerang to craft. You have a chainsaw, and an axe for melee weapons. Let me give you a hint and tell you there is NO reason to use anything other than the boomerang which one shots just about everything and doesnt need ammo. A few hours in to the game I thought the inventory was to limited because of the amount of crap everywhere. However its just that... crap. Once I realized there was no point to hording stuff I only had about 10 things in my inventory.Survival- This is not a survival game. You cant just put a thirst and hunger meter in and say, ""Hey guys! Its survival!!"" There is food and water EVERYWHERE. Never did I even come close to starving or dehydrating. Even better when...Skills- The only skills worth leveling are the skills that reduce the drain of your thirst, hunger, and sleep meters. I didnt even put a point into anything else.Quests- Its an endless fetch quest. The best way I can describe how terrible the quests are is by telling you what the last quest has you doing. You have to find a pilot for the plane you have been repairing all game. You find him. He wont fly your plane OUT OF A ZOMBIE INFESTED ISLAND, until you travel around the entire map finding 20 ""lost cargo"" that he lost when he got there. (drugs) ♥♥♥♥ that. Seriously.The good:.... It didnt make me vomit?Even with all of the above I dont hate the game. Its something that filled about 5 hours of my life without doing much of anything. I didnt hate it and I didnt like it. If there was a ""meh"" option for these reviews it would fall under that. If you look at the store page and it looks interesting, please wait for a deep deep sale before you buy it. Its not worth full price."
76561198082935611,Not Recommended,250400,15931672,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,zombogeekz,"A friend introduced me to this game on Xbox. I enjoyed it so much I bought it on here.The transition from Xbox game to PC game is obvious. The dev's haven't bothered to remove some of the button commands and there are lots of graphics issues.After playing the game for about 20 minutes all the colors went to negative and have been like that since.If this gets fixed, I would suggest you buy the game. But for now I would spend my money elsewhere."
76561198091584715,Recommended,250400,15986480,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,A_Sniper_Fest,Bought this game when it was a dollar would pay a dollar again. finding sticks simulator 11/10
76561198119182960,Recommended,250400,15442798,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Echo,"I'm not gonna lie. The first time I played I had some moments where it was just f*** this game. I stopped playing it for a while and deleted it. I really got into it after I re-downloaded it and gave it another shot. There are still some f*** this game moments, and I though the co-op was a bit stupid when I was playing with my friend. I thought it was worth the money I payed (I bought it when it was like 90% off with all the dlc) but I don't know if I would buy it at full price. But it is really fun once you get used to it. The smaller inventory space makes you think about what you REALLY need and what you don't. There is a skills system that unlocks new crafting recipes which are also fun at times. The only downside to the game is the stupid co-op where your stuck on one screen, the f*** this game moments, and the small♥♥♥♥♥islands with only one place to sleep."
,Not Recommended,250400,15980171,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,PO(S\R)TAL_Dude,"How to Get Infuriated:Start new game.Pick up wooden stick.Fend off horde of zombie head crabs.Get Pecked to death by swarm of zombified ostriches.  11/10 would uninstall again.Get it only if you like headaches and table flipping. I only finished the game because I already started it.*The Developers must think we spend 24/7 playing the game, with ""1337"" skills* (See Pros & Cons)The game literally punishes you for buying their♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC!You'll quickly get tired of the savepoint system which calls a new zombie horde every time you progress. You will also spend an enormous amount of time preparing to complete quests, then trying to backtrack again and again. Also, if you get the DLC you get zapped during thunderstorms every other minute or so!I get it is survival but certain aspects of this game make it utterly absurd!*Pros:*Un-combining crafted items! Save resources and inventory space.Good ideas for game modes -Bad implementation, some features should be in main campaign. Like barricading and traps.Co-op but needs to end the game when your partner leaves?Simplified crafting system - needs work to make sense, you can't craft a sack with a belt & hide apparently.*Cons:*Short main campaign with few, if any side quests (not counting the stupid DLC ones).Bad controls = drunken running.  The zombie shooter series had better (also isometric) controlsNonsense inventory space system: a leaf apparently takes the same amount of space as a chainsaw. Yet, 30 fruits takes one spot!Un-combining items leads to loss of resources..sometimes (lose fuel in chainsaw and flamethrower)Too many quest items - steals space from critical inventory itemsToo much backtracking.Nearly impossible with hordes of zombies at certain points. Swarms of undead Ostriches happened to be the most deadly...yeah that's right.Boss zombies make your weapons utterly pathetic. 500 shots from pistols and shot guns...still not dead.You cannot use explosives to fish or kill the swarms of piranahs...Ever heard of dynamite fishing devs?Most annoying DLC character: a monkey & its parrot, complete with nonsense quests.Impossibly difficult DLC finale, with near impossible-to-kill enemies. *I uninstalled after this**Cons To top it off:*Broken illogical transportation system. You can't even choose which island to boat to.Little story or backgroundGlitchy graphicsVery rare crafting items that don't seem to respawn ever- (scuba tank for pneumatic guns). You will simply never find it again.*Buying DLC (Storm Warning) gets you zapped by lightning every other minute!**Sometimes, I suspect you will get larger zombie hordes based on your system RAM.*Save your money or spend it elsewhere.*"
76561198052885500,Recommended,250400,15856336,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kay_Why_Essss,"Great game, well actually good not great cause it does get boring after some time. I thought about buying this game a long time ago but didnt buy it untill now and this game fits my style of gaming, medium is hard and hard is hella hard which i like7.5/10"
,Recommended,250400,15909083,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Zero,"Really great game, i like almost everything about it with the exception that i cant seem to use my controller for it."
76561198112792534,Recommended,250400,16218890,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,8ishop,"I`m dislike games on zombie theme. But this game - beautiful. Atmosphere, simple - musthave in collection"
76561198027664591,Recommended,250400,16394527,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,B 24,"Would be better with normal multiplayer, game feels dead while playing it, but everything is fine for 1euro totaly worth. :)"
,Recommended,250400,16399560,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,PrincipalGuerrero,"so far it was fun, until the fir... -copyright- errm, until lord gaben blessed us with a cheaper sale, after i spent on the previous one."
76561198034912952,Not Recommended,250400,16400587,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ibol13,Not a very fun game.
,Recommended,250400,14311469,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,gs.cz Garlin,Blocked on one quest.. can not continue... can not find and usefull advices on internet... Stop play... uninstall never come back.Game is good but if you cant find and item to quest... its pretty GAME OVER.
,Recommended,250400,16401530,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,KisseKoi۞,♥♥♥♥♥ peli
76561198050715681,Recommended,250400,16402319,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,cavanasm,"More of an isometric action RPG than a true survival game. Crafting and figuring out how to make stuff on your own is fun, but there are little hint things that pretty much reveal everything for you eventually, granted you do have to figure out some of the best stuff yourself. The pacing isn't that great, and at some point you'll probably figure a system for mass destruction that removes most of the challenge, but overall I had fun."
76561197982666754,Recommended,250400,16402365,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[ONU]PsicoO,So far so good! Reminds me of Diablo. Very cool.
,Recommended,250400,16402670,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Life Behide Glasses,Good game need more dlc plsss
,Not Recommended,250400,16402733,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,KimmiNinja,"Worth the price it is now, 74 cents, not worth the full price in my opinion. As others have stated, it is very repititive, I got really tired of it the first hour of playing."
,Recommended,250400,16403275,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nick,:)
76561198019695564,Recommended,250400,16403520,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Shakes,10/10 got chased down and killed by a zombie deer with my friend worth the 74 cents
76561198006182430,Recommended,250400,16403806,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hyro,"This has been pretty good, ive only played through the storymode so far, with my younger brother tagging along co-op. Definitly a fun casual buy, especially for a buck. ^__^"
76561198137510075,Recommended,250400,16403937,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TheRealBanana_,This Is Good
,Recommended,250400,16404057,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kurosaki,Super cheap as of right now! And incredibly fun!
,Recommended,250400,16404091,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,imabutcher,"A zombie killing game with all the DLC for $1, who can beat that! The best $1 purchase I've ever made :)(I wouldnt recommend if you are paying full price though)"
76561198079668180,Recommended,250400,16404201,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,batninja12,This game a vury fun game because.1. Find & Combining materials is fund :]2. You can actually hunt 4 your food3. Food runs away from you4. CHAINSAW MASSECRE!!!!5. Sleeping is needed6. Zombies drop what they are wearing7. Ammunition is easy to get8. Headshots for days9. Making a guy eat Raw Meat for ever10. It is fun killing zombies :DI RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO EVERYONE WHO IS THINKING OF BUYING  IT!
,Recommended,250400,16404269,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BOI,"its a very good and fun game, it keeps you paying attention"
,Not Recommended,250400,16404916,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pyridine,It's a very badly done console -> PC port and it isn't very fun.
,Recommended,250400,16440570,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NehViirIn™,Too much Ammo for handmade guns is dropped by Zeds in my opinion. Also i'd recommend playing with controller.
,Recommended,250400,16440628,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pawarit,Nice! Game
12345678947887128,Recommended,250400,16441943,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MR.Banana,This game is good !!!!!!!!!
76561198194879222,Recommended,250400,16377762,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Fancy  Taco,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
76561198072575168,Recommended,250400,16381553,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kuuma kissa,Like it!
,Recommended,250400,16384159,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jodd,Really good gameIts like dead island epidemic but alot betterGood single player even better with friends !worth getting the dlc!
76561197972297522,Recommended,250400,15319236,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Solstice Bare,Fun fun game.If you like crafting and Zombie games. Then you might like this. One thing i like is the limited space you have to carry things. Makes you think more about what you need to carry around.It also helps me just incase a real zombie outbreak happens.
76561198125051331,Recommended,250400,16326642,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,oooBALLECERooo,why i can't open this game ? it said that to be closed program
,Recommended,250400,16329470,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,salad 2.0,good gamerly enjoyed it (havent finished it) but can get a bit boring
76561198108864790,Recommended,250400,16332784,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rex_max6,Aweasome Game!!!!!
,Recommended,250400,16511836,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MazeAsh,Like chewing on a 3 week old Beef Steak.
76561198076857641,Recommended,250400,16511979,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,#kränkt,I like it
76561198049427679,Recommended,250400,16478602,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,WhightKnight,The game is all around good but in coop the shareing 1 screen and the fact it only lets you have 2 players is a pain. if they make updates to fix that would be amazing.3.5
,Recommended,250400,16480363,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hola Uriberto,I laughed at the cinematics that play when you pick manuals up. I think it's worth the 50 cents it asks for while on sale.
,Recommended,250400,16480434,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rick,"I picked this up for about 0,70€ on the steam summer sale. expecting this to be one of those games that went on sale for 95% because they lost hope in selling copy's for the full price.Oh boy was i wrong.After playing 10 minutes i was hackin' trough zombies and yelling ""KOVAC'S RULES'' everytime i saw one of the yellow books.Soon after i went back to the store to purchase some dlc because y'know sale.i got 4 nice DLC'S for 0,94€i will definetly play more of this game.+ KOVAC'S RULES+ Nice graphics+ All characters fully voiced.+ TONS, TONS, TONS of craftables and weapons- Sometimes the same character is in like 3 or 4 spots of the map. its quite weird if you can catch a view of 2 at a time.- Sometimes hard to find items zombies dropped. would be nice if these had a little glow."
76561197988774515,Recommended,250400,13278509,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Trunk Monkey,"Decent enough game, but a bit linear. Its fun to play at first, but its definatley not worth the asking price. I got it during a sale with all the DLC for like $3, at this price it is worth it. not the regular asking price.The multiplayer is severly lacking, I should not have to invite people from my friends list to play multiplayer, where is the matchmaking? I don't want have to convince my friends to buy this to enjoy multiplayer, because frankly its not THAT great of a game. I would just like to play with random people. It is good enough that i will play threw the story mode. but i wanted to test out the other modes in multiplayer, looks like that wont happen as i wont pester people to buy such a simple game.Buy it while its on sale. dont pay more then $5 for it or you will be disapointed."
76561198108841355,Not Recommended,250400,13282342,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,I-I need healing...,"bad console port, they didnt even get rid off the press X (Xbox controller style) to start while the space button does that, also laggy"
76561198059630616,Recommended,250400,13261353,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,-=duko24=-,AWESOME
76561197984728248,Recommended,250400,13370358,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Havarti Fromage,"TL;DR I like this zombie game due to its use of crafting, RPG elements, exploration and story.8.5/10 sort of like Diablo II with zombiesWith most zombie games I tend to like them for the first day and then my interest falls off quickly after that and I rarely complete them. I'll admit I purchased 'How to Survive' on sale or I probably would have passed it by, but I have put more hours into it than any other zombie game I've played in the last five years.Pros:* Crafting - finding items and figuring out what you can make from them is one of my favorite aspects* RPG elements - spending XP unlocking abilities is a nice touch that keeps me playing* Exploration - there are a number of islands to explore and people to talk with* Story - the story is surprisingly good while not being obtrusive. It's revealed in bits and pieces as you play.Cons:* Occasionally I've dropped items on the ground and they vanished from the game, but this is rare"
,Recommended,250400,13363221,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,kae pičke,Nice.
76561198089681146,Not Recommended,250400,13550342,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,My name is sanders,dosent work...
,Recommended,250400,12846553,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,hendrikk1,"Really teach me ""how to survive"" in this life."
76561198123980685,Recommended,250400,12849389,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,PoonnooP,Minimal and Fun. I spend long time with this game.
,Recommended,250400,12853533,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Tethax,great game! Titan Quest meets Zombie Apocalypse = 10/10
,Recommended,250400,12853611,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[The]Dethik,"This is a great Zombie Horror Survival game, It has a good crafting system, great combat/hunting mechanics, and if you're into tearing your enemies apart in the most brutal fasions, This is your kinda game."
,Recommended,250400,12817436,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Laniakea,nice game ! keep the good work ! AWESOME !
,Recommended,250400,13315559,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,skoraxascended,I gotta say I really enjoy this gamei love when Korvo makes his appearances or when you find one of his manualskilled endless tide of zombies with a bow and arrow then killed by a zombie deerwould play again 10/10
,Recommended,250400,13324915,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RIPLordHallow,Great game & it's even better with a friend on co-op!
76561198049796818,Recommended,250400,13326142,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,silverdollarbmx,awesome game
,Recommended,250400,13312585,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,crazyguy15052,"its good. not too easy, but withing a hour, you have a gun.but that gun is not enough, soon you have a shotgun, no, a rifle, with peircing power...no a GOLDEN rifle with peircingWait, AMMO, NEED AMMO, i need a club.,..no... bat...knife?....iron pole, definatly pole...with spike on it.OOoo, a Helmet, slap an iron plate on it, more protection.Why does this monkey want steak?must find monkey steak, steak good for monkey.Zombie ostrich!Suns falling, Weird monsters hate light, use my gun's light.Must find safety.Must live on.Dont forget it has multiplayer!"
,Recommended,250400,10850219,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Starh,"This is just to update those who need to know about coop online. You do NOT need any DLC to play it as it seems to have already been updated for normal play.From my short game with my brother we played for around an hour and these are my thoughts:+Crafting system easy to use once you're used to quickly opening up the inventory and selecting the right items with the right commands+The huge variety of  zombie finishers are always exciting to see+The quests are rewarding enough-The finishers could later become really repetitive-Unable to get the same rewards in coop - it seems like playing coop means that one person needs to combine materials for weapons, whereas the other player gets items from questsOverall so far I'd give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,250400,10852253,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Raggiebo,great game
,Recommended,250400,10852956,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The 8 Ball,Awsome
76561198004047177,Not Recommended,250400,10854561,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lil coin slot axe wound,"why base a game around fighting hordes of zombies, then make the aiming system complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ lol game is good other than the trash aiming system. 1 out of 5"
76561198125351699,Recommended,250400,10854856,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,sawyerboy1139,i just love this game but at some points i think its to hard i dont know if thats just me cause i am not to much of a pc gamer but any way 7/10
76561198042652219,Recommended,250400,10855092,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Stegosexual Tyrannorawrus Keks,"Excellent game so far, loving how it progresses!"
76561197971297952,Recommended,250400,10855308,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Noun Proper,"Great game to have bought on sale for less than $3. Simple and straightforward, yet entertaining."
,Recommended,250400,10856079,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AsianRamen,"This is quite underrated. It fits the cliche that you're on a island of zombies but it incorporates a lot of micromanaging also; from your limited backpack slots to when you need to eat (don't worry there are lots of food and water sources once you know how to locate them). This is a great casual game that can take your mind off of the stress that fills your life. For a $15 price tag its kinda steep but if you can ever find it on sale, get it, even if its full priced consider getting it if you're looking for a unique game."
,Recommended,250400,10856753,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Duke™,great game to play when you're bored.
,Recommended,250400,10859046,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,yourface.orgy,"I recommend this game for it's amazing gameplay and epic storyline, I played until I got near the end, where I accidentally saved before a horde came and every time I die, I respawn right before it and I can't win. My fault!"
,Recommended,250400,10835023,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,octupuz,Nice graphics + funny subtitles make the game become very good.Better update more sounds.7.5/10
76561198101792839,Recommended,250400,10836915,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fazbear,"I've only started playing and I'm in love with it. The aiming is a little odd and takes time to get used to, other than that this is amazing."
,Recommended,250400,10837144,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,x_maxpower,This game surprised me. Picked it up on sale and haven't put it down yet. Can't go wrong for the price
,Recommended,250400,10838089,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ovidiua2003,"Nice game, would be excellent if you would be able to build more stuff like huts, forts, houses, transport, traps etc."
,Recommended,250400,10838344,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Artzverach,"I bought this game for £1.99 when it was on sale and the title caught my attention. I was unsure however once I saw its rating out of 100, but the £1.99 was too much of a bargin to resist. . .I soon found out that the given rating is way too harsh.Though this is not a 'hardcore survival' game it does require you to hunt for food, pick medicinal plants, craft armor, find a place to sleep et cetera - which is in no way tasking or frustrating.The gameplay is fun, and will certainly be putting a lot more hours into it. It's also fun to see where other players had died on the island, yet you will come across some. . . unusual usernames.It is however a shame that there is no 'free mode' as such, that you cannot roam an island and craft a house, you know, see how many days you can survive on the island as days and nights get progressivly harder to get through. The sound could do with a bit of work, at times I felt there were too little sfx but that's probably just me being fussy.I would certainly give this game a play through."
76561198007754049,Not Recommended,250400,10863274,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Arkainin,"I would not say that this is nessicarily a bad game, but not worth the time for sure. With the massive number of indie developed games, many of them zombie games, this one falls far short. They had a decent premise, but execution kills it. The animation is horrid, and the biggest sin they could have commited is in the combat. For a hack and slash game, the fighing is lacking and unpolished.Prior to the big indie game boom this game would have been a fine example of a cheap decent game, now it falls short of the competition."
,Recommended,250400,10863454,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Davmen,Awesome if you play it with a friend.
76561198067038639,Recommended,250400,10864753,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,boonguh,"A fun game of easy survival, crafting, quests, and action. The game does many things well, just not the best. The combat is engaging enough, not complicated, but definitely not complex. If you get easily bored by repetitive combat, this game isn't for you.When you advance further along in the story, you are able to craft weapons. The weapon choices are, again, engaging enough. You will have a choice of 3-4 weapons, which gives you a bit more variety in combat. The combat though, gets tedious again once you find the weapon of your liking.This game feels like an unfinished product - there aren't any bugs or poor graphical animations, but you see so many missed opportunities. You can hunt, fish, make campfires, but there really isn't a need. You can't build a safehouse, they are built for you and really only used periodically due to a game mechanic.I feel like if they added in a safehouse/base system, this game could truly be outstanding. Forcing the player to forage, hunt, fish, build, and procure tools to truly SURVIVE would be amazing. As it stands now, the game is linear - you start the first quest, then never turn back. You rush as fast as possible for a way off the island. You, as the player, expect to slowly realize you should think of survival rather than escape (the game is called 'how will you survive'), but there really isn't a survival mechanic. Well, there is, but it seems so unfinished. You get hungry, thirsty, and tired, but there's no real struggle to find food or water. As I wrote above, there's no base system, but a built-in safehouse system that lets you deal with fatigue.The game truly has one playstyle and speed: FAST. There's no reason to stock up on supplies. You have limited inventory space. You don't have a reason to hunt. The faster you progress, the easier it is to find food/water/shelter before your hunger/thirst/fatigue hinders you in any way. I feel like rushing should hinder you and force you to find food/water/shelter in desperation. You are rewarded with more content, but you are hindered by rushing. On the other side of the coin, if you take a slow and steady approach, you should be rewarded with more security with a base/more supplies, but hindered by more enemies finding your location and slower moving story. As it stands, as I wrote above, there's no surviving at all.Also, the game is extremely short. Maybe it just felt that way to me because of the rushed style of game play, but I think I finished the main game in about 6 hours total.Although my review seems like I wouldn't recommend this game, I do, if it's on sale. I can't honestly say you should buy the game for $14.99, but for $5 you'll get a pretty fun third-person zombie action game masked as a survival strategy crafting game. Also, the challenge modes are decently difficult, but even shorter than the story.I hope they add some reason to continue playing the game as I thoroughly enjoyed the little I was able to play. Honestly, even an endless mode would be a welcome addition."
76561198020701773,Recommended,250400,10865287,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DeadlyBullet,"Well, this game is clearly for people who loves zombie/survivor games + some RPG elements like crafting weapons and armor.If u are that kind of person then this game is exactly what u need!Also isn't the longest game but sure for people who doesnt have alot of time playing games like DOTA 2 etc is great, and if u can get a friend to play it with you double FUN :D"
,Not Recommended,250400,10865692,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rodrrico,"This game has such potential to be an excellent little game, however there are a few flaws in the system that effectively break the game on PC. Firstly, the controls are broken - literally. The mouse doesn't work after you quit for the first time (and I have so far been unsuccessful at fixing this). Secondly there is no coop campaign.Save your money and avoid."
76561198054075116,Not Recommended,250400,14145783,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,demonbiscuit,Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and waste of money. so hard to meet up with someone else playing the game. complete waste of money and time
,Recommended,250400,14110015,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SOLAIRE,"A zombie apocalypse survival games that offer a great crafting system (that I found very creative), amusing gameplay and simple control, complete with Kovac's 'ultimate' survival guide.8/10 for Kovac's rules."
,Recommended,250400,14372639,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,aVe,"I came to How to Survive by curiosity, noticing a trend in recent games mixing zombies and survival. Since I enjoyed Resident Evil, F.E.A.R. and Left 4 Dead, I gave it a shot.Played with bird-view camera, H2S offers you to select one survivor among three, with different stats and a specific skill tree.  Once you land on the shores of the first island, you are taken by the hand by a bunch of NPC that sends you on several missions mostly revolving around survival techniques or ways to get the hell out here. Luckily for you, every mechanical components of the several means of transportation are scattered among the four islands!All this setup throws you into a game that combines collecting stuff (wood, plants, water, spare parts), combining them into usable and eventually potent weapons, armors, potions and such. So it's kinda fun to see your character move from ""hopeless"" to ""badass"".As a complete survival game, you'll have to sleep, eat, drink and cure your wounds. Healing yourself is critical, sleeping can be tricking since you have to clear up some places from zombie hordes; but drinking and eating are no longer a problem after a while.After you've played the story mode you end up with a character with maxed-up stats and a complete skill tree. Then the real fun begins : challenges! These missions give you a single objective, and you'll have to carefully plan your exploration to scavenge things in the limited time you have until dusk, manage your scarce ressources and plan your defenses against the horde.Overall, HS2 is a nice survival game, with alot of tension, even if you lose some of the horror aspect due to the bird view."
,Not Recommended,250400,14382050,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,wizard,"Trailer makes game look good, but otherwise, gameplay is repetitive and slow.Soory guys, but no."
76561198037691760,Not Recommended,250400,14767738,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kalzicmir,Coop was terrible. No shared loot for quests. No shared XP.  The controls were awkward at best. With the friendly fire and the easy coop partner revieve system. It was easier to just kill your partner and revive them then bother healing.Waste of money.
76561198134959067,Recommended,250400,14769508,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Obnoxious Monkey,For the price this is a great game.
,Recommended,250400,14749944,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,cuckbuddy,kill every zombie ever
,Recommended,250400,7497832,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Azurewrathe,"If you are into Resident Evil+Diablo, this is the game to pick up."
76561198103472636,Not Recommended,250400,14717650,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Zeba JR,i bought this game on sale and first it was fun but after that is boring. first time i saw it seems like Diablo but then i realized it didnt. dont waste any time on it
,Not Recommended,250400,9199230,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Rha0,"I can not launch this game. It starts and imediately crashes due to its inability to create a config file it needs to run. If I search it on google I find a large number of people with the same issue and no solution. Contacting 505 support is less useful than applying my head to a concrete surface. Creating the file yourself gives you another error telling you the file is obsolete. After nearly ten hours of effort and zero results, I would recomend you stay away from this game, as well as anything else released by 505. The support is by far the worst I've ever recieved for any product I've ever attempted to use before.***EDIT***After an update this game now works. I have no idea why. The game is decent, and I think it might even be replayable. The support was still atrocious and I will still never purchase a game from 505 in the future."
76561198170183207,Recommended,250400,14805944,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Jonny,This is an all around great game. I highly recomend it.
,Not Recommended,250400,14731775,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,senegrom,Not the greatest zombie game. A bit boring after a while.
,Recommended,250400,14850315,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Angdhona,Great survival multiplayer game...:D
76561198026578634,Recommended,250400,14854076,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mortir (Slo),This game is fun. Enjoyed it very much. Duct taping differnt junk to make a usable weapons - love it. Its kind of Macgyver vs zombies.& Kovacs videos on survival - EPIC!!!
76561198042632226,Not Recommended,250400,7506047,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Fuhckerschite,Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ These ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are ripoff artists. And if you state that you don't like the game in their forum they permanently ban you for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t made up reason.
76561197996064512,Recommended,250400,7889892,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,CD,Great game with a great sense of humor..
,Recommended,250400,7838742,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Wuterich,"Fairly basic and repetitive game, but great fun for a small price, even better when you can play with friends, levelling system and the upgrading and creation of weapon, armor and food is a very refreshing new take on this top down goodness.You can easily put 60+ hours into this game with or without friends."
76561197968428861,Recommended,250400,7858409,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,FlyingPinkPony,"A fairly short, but overall a very satisfying island roaming/zombie killing time. It's what a gamer should expect out of a 15 dollar title. It's extremely focused in its gameplay and killing zombies with a variety of scavenged and crafted weapons is a fun experiece. Toss in a memorable awesome character (you'll know who when you play) and it'll stick with you for a while. While not perfect it's a great reminder how impactful the the little things are to an experience and worth the price tag."
,Recommended,250400,7466566,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Dauthaz,"탑뷰 좀비 서바이벌 Sh'm'up인데, 몰입감이 상당히 좋다. L4D의 특수 좀비들이 나오는데 탱크 나오면서 난이도 급상승.... 불행히도 멀티는 2인용까지만 되는듯."
76561198076589457,Not Recommended,250400,7533896,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Mega,"Don't buy it.This game is easy to crash.I bought it few day, not even able to play once.Open Game few secound > Crash > Open Game few secound > Crash > LOOP"
,Recommended,250400,7469455,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,kesovitch,"Totally awesome game! Really fun co-op! Played it with Xbox 360 controllers local co-op and it works like a charm!Runs perfect on my PC (3.4GHz i5, 8GB DDR3, ATI Radeon R9 270 2GB)."
,Recommended,250400,7800636,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SMM,Really nice game recommend to all survivours
76561198032238092,Recommended,250400,7821766,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,VinnyBravo,"Great fun, love the crafting options. would be fun to play co-op with friends"
76561197983060291,Recommended,250400,7808753,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sebtje,"I just cleared the first area of this survival game so it is a early stage review of the game. I enjoy the collection of the Kovac's Rules and congratulation for the mix of informative (sometimes dark) humor and survival hints. The gameplay is well balanced, but fire is very powerful (torches) and so far no zombie's species can handle it very well.About the zombies, they can join their force to track you, no stealth or hidden in the bush instant, only action and evasion. Zombies spawn all the time and no place are cleared for ever.The game does his duty, classic survival scenario, tons of kill (so far it is fun, no routine) and silly funny Kovac's rules movies!Graphic are nice and fluid, a good mention for the style: mix between cartoon and realistic design.My wishes, test the game in a co-op party!"
,Recommended,250400,7470988,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,LordUnborn,"OK if you can pick it up for $11 on sale I would recommend it for some mindless repetitive fun.  Hell it costs less than a movie.  But do not look for depth and be prepared for frustration.  There is no Save Game system so you have to complete whatever quest you are doing for it to auto save.  the best part of the game is the ""how to Survive"" manual with Kovac.  There are some misleading screenshots.  You have no ability to zoom in and the inventory system sucks but again for $11 I am not too upset I bought it."
,Recommended,250400,7461166,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,mamolian,"Isometric, zombie infested, survivalist, crafter. Fantastic game."
76561198107713387,Recommended,250400,10945811,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fatmanotto,This game lasts for around 10h and is really fun to play together with your friends.
76561198009029495,Recommended,250400,10947462,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Uzumati,"Lotsa fun..crafting and bashing smashing cutting and shooting zombies and other thing, hunting for food and coking, looking for junk to craft your armor and weapons."
76561198059666767,Recommended,250400,10917723,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ZZ King,"Great survival game that you can put about 10-20 hours on. Storyline is weak but the crafting system and 100% deconstruction make this game really fun to play. The challenges weren't very hard even on higher difficulties and honestly why in the hell do you need to keep both players on the same screen when its a game about island exploration? Seems like such a waste since the game could be much more enjoyable if both players could wander around the island on their own. This design flaw led me to not enjoy this game as much as I could have due to me wanting to go one way and my always wanting to go the other. One last thing, in multiplayer (which the game seems for) they do not give you 2 of a supply, so basically you will always be fighting over who gets the first gun, chainsaw etc. Silly."
76561198027756059,Recommended,250400,10919276,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Flattop,Fun Game
76561197988168572,Recommended,250400,10922491,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sorcelin,How to survive is a fun mindless diversion that while not terribly challanging is well worth the miniscule asking price.
76561198006412514,Recommended,250400,10867829,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Formy Zee,"Can't really understand the bad reviews.It's a entertaining survival game that will amuse you as long as you like..zombies and survival.But if you don't like zeds and survival? then you'll probably write a bad review and trash the game ;)Well worth the money now that it's on sale.Only downside is that it crashes a lot for me, need to validate files before start everytime I'm to play.Dunno why,, something in my comp, that don't wanna survive I guess ^^"
,Recommended,250400,10834011,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TheAPGamer,"Although I haven't yet spent that much time on the game, I am by far planning to. From the little I've played, the game seems to have much more to offer than is explained in the video. It has very good graphics, amazing gameplay mechanics, controls are easy to get used to, and contains a little humor here and there to break the apocalyptic tension. Survival is primarily the concept of the game, which, as I must say, is executed beautifully by the game. If you are not willing to buy the game at full price, do buy it during a sale, as it might surprise you, especially if you love to test yourself and see whether you could actually survive a zombie infested island."
,Recommended,250400,10971731,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shopi,"Seriously addictive. What started off as Idel browsing of games purchased in the Summer sale came to a scretching halt upon starting and getting into the game. 5 Hrs later, still addictive and fun! - Bit of a zombie feast vs Diablo with a bit of crafting in there. Seriously recommend"
76561198089002935,Not Recommended,250400,10977277,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,tadas.subonis,Intriguing at first but then starts to be repetitive and boring.
,Recommended,250400,10978285,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Princess Pete,This game is really great. I love the top down view and the full controller support. The co-op is fun and seems to run smoothly.
76561198057874729,Recommended,250400,11074099,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,MEMESLUT,Good game fun to play with your friends. I would describe the game like dayz mixed with Diablo 3. It is best played with someone else
,Not Recommended,250400,11077498,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bladesinger,"No mouse movement, very bad and chunky controls."
,Recommended,250400,10930335,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ahzep,"Is definitely a game that needs a little polish, specifically im the controllers and the graphics (poorly optimized). The concept however it is really fun and the game has a little touch of comedy, you should've  bought this game if you're a fan of RPGs and if you're not sure just wait for a price drop!."
,Not Recommended,250400,10932019,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Brimshae,"Eh, meh. Got it for $2.50 during Summer 2014 Sale.It's worth about that much. The combat up through the third island has been, well, boring.The tutorials still reference the Xbox controls, but the game's not terribly complex, anyway.The interface (especially the inventory) could use a rework.The voice acting is mediocre.The Hunger/Thirst/Sleep system is barely noticeable.All in all, it's a very weak entry in the Diablo-clone genre.If you can get it thrown in with a trade, or for $2 like I did, it might be worth your time, but all in all there are better games you could be playing instead of this."
76561198067030062,Recommended,250400,10932547,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GracelessMe,"Really fun game. A less haunting and frenzied take on a market already saturated in survival games. This is challenging, but not frustratingly difficult. A nice perspective too - highly recommended."
,Recommended,250400,10935171,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,V394,"Dayz meets diablo, local co-op sogreat for steam boxing"
,Recommended,250400,10643205,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nordhaal,BEST GAME EVER! 100/10!YES YES YES
,Not Recommended,250400,10816657,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Fenris,"Don't worth the money,  too expensive for a too poor game, this game should cost at max 3 U$. Poor graphics, lot of bugs, poor history poor jogability"
,Recommended,250400,10816945,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,☠-BLooDLusT-☠,"awesome game, Very fun Co-op title really recommend this game for a weekend slaughterfest"
,Recommended,250400,10817247,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,OG KaVeman,This game was surprisingly enjoyable. I've never really cared for top down shooters but with the action and plot and leveling system right up my alley I gave it a shot and was instantly hooked. Once I got the hang of controls that aren't FPS it was legitimately fun to play. I haven't tried the multiplayer but the solo campaign alone is worth it. The value for what money I spent is massive and I would definitely buy a next game in the series if there were to be one.
,Recommended,250400,10817416,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Chemist,A fun little crafting/survival game. It's mostly about scouring the map looking for ingredients for bigger and better weapons. I got a good 8 hours into it.
76561198054282126,Recommended,250400,7495035,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Pacatoo,maneirooo o jogo
76561197992823757,Recommended,250400,10817450,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mad Sonic,A nice game to play with friends
,Recommended,250400,10817818,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LegMcmuffin,"This game is fairly dope. A bit repetative with the missions, and not too much freedom on what you can create, but overall, I am satisfied with this game, spending well under $5 is a hell of a deal."
76561198035366155,Not Recommended,250400,10818414,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ScorpionWasp,"It starts strong, with great characterization and a seeming emphasis on survival. Sadly, it gets VERY repetitive very fast, and the survival mechanics are only skin deep."
,Recommended,250400,10818416,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Omniblacklight,"Rather fun, Kovac makes me laugh and it is great for just hopping in and trying your luck. The day-night cycle seems a little faster that I would like but not terribly so."
,Recommended,250400,13813819,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Tom Bombadilo,it is good
,Recommended,250400,13815284,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,˛WhaBakY¸,"That game impressed me. My friend tell me How to Survive price lowered cause 'Winter Sale'. I don't regret it. There are some negative things too but I can propose game who love/like zombies and stuffs fabrication too :)Positives:- Nice graphic- Good quests- Many option for crafting- ZOMBIEEEES :DNegatives:- Short story mode :(- ""Little"" map/islands- There are only 6-7 various of zombiesMy rate is 7/10"
,Recommended,250400,13822790,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Soviet Bear,"1.7 hours played after purchase. Really enjoyed the crafting and game mechanics. Very interesting playstyle, very simple and easy to follow. Have not progressed very far through story line, or assessed multiplayer gameplay -- however, I've seen enough to know the rest of the content will also be enjoyable.Minor things that could use work: camera moves on its own, making it rather irritating at times to hone in on a pack of zombies or see a particular angle of environment, especially locations containing objective items. I was able to overlook this problem while enjoying my zombie-murder-sprees.Would definitely recommend purchasing! I did buy it for $1.49 thanks to the 90% off sale! Not sure if I'd have payed the full price though. Perhaps that $14.99 value will shine through by my completion of the game. But for now, go buy it!"
,Recommended,250400,13822936,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,acidkillsthebrain,this game is freaking amazing i am having so much fun playing it.to all my friends on steam if you like zombie games you will love this
,Not Recommended,250400,13822985,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,n9nedone,This game will give you a few good laughts if played with a friend...but thats about it.
76561198116520769,Recommended,250400,13823872,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,cclady,"8/10 with DLC, would only recommend buying when discounted. Nice game to play solo or with friends."
,Recommended,250400,13824448,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ColdOne,This is a very enjoyable game that i have played on almost every system that its on. its one of those hidden gems that not many people will play or buy. if u can find this game on sale you should pick it up. this would also be a cool mobile game if they ever made that
76561198030887751,Recommended,250400,13824625,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Agresivo,Short but fun game. Great for local coop
76561198053486643,Recommended,250400,13824744,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,John Smith,"Only played a minute, but I have to say it's a steal for the 90% off price, entertaining game so far. Thanks!"
76561198097274589,Recommended,250400,13825174,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mmad2512,Awesome game
76561198016995533,Recommended,250400,13827108,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mr.Shady,"Liket the Game, Fun and i can se howe it can get hard realy fast..."
,Not Recommended,250400,10624056,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Somatix,"Item management is a nightmare and completely detracts from the experience.  A large portion of this game involves crafting of weapons, food, and water the problem is your inventory is fairly small (which is fine); but there is no system for storing excess items.  Items are persistent if dropped on the ground; but if you drop everything at a safe house it becomes almost impossible to pick the right item back up.  If the devs implemented storage chests in each of the safe houses I would probably recommend the game since it can be fun exploring and killing zombies.  As-is though Item management becomes so frustrating that it just isn't worth playing."
,Recommended,250400,10886500,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Aunt Jemima,"Love it, it's not your usual survival game with an OVer the shoulder view or 1st Person in that matter, but it is pretty fun. Crafting weapons and cool gadgets to defeat the hordes of zombies, it's also very entertaining being able to see who has died where in the world of the game. 8/10"
76561198067583857,Recommended,250400,10887161,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Andy Climactic,"This game is very fun, and i would recommend it to anybody who likes zombies. The crafting system is very good, and the game is very well made. It feels like a polished experience, and there is voice acting, hunting, and an extensive combat system. 10/10"
76561197993702324,Not Recommended,250400,10889093,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EJ,Terrible mouse/keyboard controls.  Extremely clunky and non-responsive.  I guess this was designed with a gamepad in mind.  Diablo is much better than this.
76561198013513985,Recommended,250400,10884163,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tinker_Toy_Boy,decent little arcade shooter/survival game get it on sale
76561198082664784,Not Recommended,250400,10217013,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Parking Mr.Doctor,Remeber no update.
,Recommended,250400,8457544,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BioS0Ck,"HtS is really a fun game, funny and inspiring, awesome ideas that can be used in future mods/games/add-ons. Awesome for its price, and really worth looking into. It’s a light hack & slash with zombies - really awesome idea. Excited to see what comes next in this series."
,Recommended,250400,18829356,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MrSmithin89,Really fun Local Co-Op Game!!Crafting is Great not to complicated.Definitely worth it when  it's on sale and even when its not!- CONs (Only One for me) -Shared-Screen Co-Op online.It's fine when its local co op but for online mode I wish we didnt have to share the screen.
76561198085039598,Recommended,250400,18829395,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,I N E E D A M E D I C B A G,"Its a zombie game, and you get to SLAUGHTER zombies with a f***ing STICK! And lots of blood. 10/10 would kill again. :D"
,Recommended,250400,18831124,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Fury,"Very cool game in the genre of survival, delays for dozens of hours. If you have not played it, you've never had, ""Kovaaak rules!."" And so the game is excellent.Pluses:Bleeding, combining objectsDisadvantages:Trite and sometimes boring9/10"
,Recommended,250400,13270153,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mustang [GZPH],"Game is nice, Story is nice, just need to increase the number of players maybe to 4 :D"
,Recommended,250400,7464795,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,PanGold,Don't starve tarzı olmuş biraz.Gece gündüz kavramı var.Craft ve cooking mevcut.Dövüş mekanikleri güzel.Şahsen ben beğendim.Bu fiyata oynanır.
,Recommended,250400,13144432,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,alastora111,great i love it
76561198078735472,Recommended,250400,13146573,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TheGrandFedora,"This games is awesome. you can survive (kinda) in a realistic way whit fire and a amazing day,night sycle.If you are a ♥♥♥♥♥ and you thing its scary, DONT STOP PLAYING. Just turn off the music and set on some badass musicand slay some Mother Fu*ing sombinis. Yeah thats right SOMBINIS, so what are you waiting for? go buy it now!10/10  a real slay 4 fun simulator."
,Recommended,250400,13148199,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dr. Prof. Supernate,"I AM REALLY INTO SURVIVAL GAMES THAT PRESENT A DIFFICULTY BUT HAS A FAIR LEARNING CURVE.  THIS GAME HAS ALL THAT AND MORE,  SIMPLE TONS OF FUN ANF ALOT OF CRAFTING OPTIONS."
,Recommended,250400,13225502,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Wingtheory,"Lots of fun to play, and Kovac made it even better!"
76561197989297420,Recommended,250400,13225997,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,yonghl,"RECOMMENDIt didn't take too long to finish the game (under a week at my slow pace) and the game play is rather simple, but I had fun playing this game. I definately would recommend buying this game if it's on sale, keep an eye for any bundle promo. You get to craft weapons and armor, explore and kill zombies, what more would you want? Fun times. :)"
76561198019264980,Recommended,250400,13227656,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Helkko,the game it self is great its fun and new perspective to zombie survival but the coop needs to be fixed that both players would have there own screen i died whit my friend becuse we got seprated and we could not move and olso the loading gliches are innoing. But in single-player this game rocks but it would be funner to play whit a friend.  also the  sleeping is bad becuse you cant sleep twise if you want to go out only in day which would be resonable if you think WOULD YOU GO OUT AT NIGHT WHEN OUTSIDE IS FULL OF ZOMBIES. and its boring to wait in the safe house to get it fixed. but still its gud for indie game.
76561198077025928,Recommended,250400,13126420,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Jegan,"This is a great little game, but it keeps crashing at the worst times.  Since this one uses save points, the crashes take much away from the gameplay.  Until this  gets fixed, this is a casual play game at best.  Still good fun."
76561198163579617,Recommended,250400,13127998,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,tylerb3077,I've only been playing a little bit but a big thing i hate is that your character doesn't follow the mouse to look around. Otherewise its a great concept and so far I love the game
76561198044978830,Recommended,250400,13131007,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Blazedallup,"i liked it, Kinda like Diablo"
,Not Recommended,250400,13131628,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bao Thanh Tien | Hellcase.com,"This game was not worth my money. But first, let me tell to all of you that it is a good concept but in a way badly executed. In my opinion, the guide that you find from here and there have this annoying ""cinematic"" that plays and should have been made to force players to read what was in the book. Second of all, this game is has linear movement, having blocades that could be passed by players on it's sides and forcing players to take another route is plain dumb. Third, the controls should have been ; movements and actions with the mouse and keyboard for other utilities, not WASD to move with a top view game. The graphics was appealing but was a mess, Cutting down trees 1 part of a time and clearing the way is like digging your own grave if you did not see you forgot the last part at the bottom. At the end, this game made my eyes bleed and wasted my precious time."
76561198035391005,Recommended,250400,13120160,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Lost in Translation,Good Game7/10
76561197965069287,Recommended,250400,13121505,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sam,"worth every penny, great game"
,Recommended,250400,7570937,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Jeefs,The controls seem to work much better with a 360 controller.  Without one i wouldnt recommend this game.
,Recommended,250400,13205174,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Lino83,"I only played some hours, but this video game is fantastic. It has a great graphic engine and a great playability."
,Recommended,250400,8600428,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,thescubaguy,Good story and game play.  An easy one to get into with enough variety to keep it interesting.  I'm looking forward to giving local coop a try.
76561198067799910,Recommended,250400,8416540,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Korvin,"It's not the most complex game out there, more like hack and slash with a little crafting here and there but I totally enjoy it.Worth buying it half price."
76561198046551965,Not Recommended,250400,8416584,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,duanediet,It gets repeatitive and boring really fast
76561198054859438,Not Recommended,250400,8417335,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,I Blue Myself,"It's too short and quite easy tbh. A very easily attained weapon is nearly unstoppable after a couple upgrades. Most of the mechanics of the game aren't necessary because you can just gun anything down. The intro is a little long for such a short game with only three islands to visit. Storyline is predictable. Coop is mission based only. No story mode coop.That all being said, I probably beat it in a few hours. I had fun, but was a little disappointed at how short and somewhat linear it was. If sales are generous, it could be worth it to you. I preordered it because I craved a zombie game around Halloween."
,Recommended,250400,8417934,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bloodspilla,"really fun single player but i imagine it would be even more fun multiplayer you can combine all sorts of stuff , its easy to play and easy to work out the controls i highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,250400,8588651,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Wastelander,"Not much of a survival game, needs build too slowly and the items respawn awful quick. However, the crafting system is surprisingly varied when it comes to what you can make, like a pistol made out of an air compresser and a pipe. Combat is fun, aiming mechanics for guns are pretty unique. Works best with a controller."
76561198032058694,Not Recommended,250400,8691438,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Sexy Fish,"How to survive,starting this game makes you think as if you actually are sepose to survive on a zombie infested island. however soon you wil learn that there is not one but four islands each providing you with resources that allows you to create different items that help you either fend off the zombies or provide you staying away from dehydration, starvation and sleep. In the end all you wil need is a (cross)bow, an (improvised) sniper rifle and an improvised machine gun. The inventory is a bit too small, the amount if items that you will need to complete objectives or create and items is not on par with the inventory space.The ""survival"" aspect is most of the time not even noticable, most zombies die with a single shot, food can be found almost everywhere, water can be found in specific places that can be found on each island, beds can be found is every safehouse. the only real survival is when either a big horde of zombies is coming right for you or * SPOILER*  when at the end a seemingly endless horde of zombies charges for you.The end came (for me at least) rather abrupt and rushed. It also has a ridiculous plot twist that is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Boiling it down to it's core it's nothing more than an action/adventure game with RPG elements with enemies that go away it not much more that a single click of the mouse.The game does not deliver what i promises, i rarely felt like i had to struggle for survival and i only died when the horde of zombies became either too large or when i tried to rush past a group of zombies. dying also has no consequences, not even a penalty or anything. I must say i only played normal mode and not iron man mode and i can already guess that iron man only gives you one life, thus bringing more to the table in the sense of survival.I don't recommend this game, i like zombie games but this one did not satisfy me, it didn't bring the full package i was expecting and it was shorter that i would have liked. a reminder that zombies are not a selling point"
,Recommended,250400,8727259,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Last Chaos Lord,very fun game. nice use of crafting. i like the fact that your survival needs affect different aspect of play. plus local coop with controller support. highly recommended
76561198019832111,Recommended,250400,8728658,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,GiddiOne,"It's got some kinks (including when it chooses to save), but overall I enjoyed it, heart pumping survival action."
76561198070456044,Not Recommended,250400,8697883,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ryancobra0092,This game is quite fun but not for everyone i felt the need to write a review for it because its one of the few games i have played which is compatible with gamepads / controllers i use a Logitech F710 and it is detected as an xbox 360 controller.As for the game itself i have had a very good experience so far my laptop can run it perfectly and i have not encountered any glitches or bugs. The mechanics of the game are simple and fun easy to understand and it explains everything at a good pace adding in features and new items at a better pace so it never really bobards you with info but that doesn't mean it won't surprise you. 9/10 from me not for everyone but i enjoyed it and will continue to do so.UPDATE: Reached the end of the game last 30% of it ruined my experience and felt rushed more grinding for food then there should have been.I played some of the challenges... they were terrible and also felt like filler and were not fun at all.I cannot recommend this game for anyone. 4/10
76561197996737820,Recommended,250400,8749681,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,TheBigBadWolf,"Good game. With three characters to choose from (each with their own Skill tree.), challenge and ironman mode give you a lot to do, and a reasonable good amount of replay value.. Crafting and skill tree are simple, but there is room for improvement. The story line although obvious to some, is still well done. 4 STARS. (the fact that i write a review means its good.)"
76561197960447880,Recommended,250400,8770839,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Foxtrot,"After 2h00 into How to Survive Singleplayer, i can tell you this is not as bad as the 58% score giving by Metascore. Maybe players were expecting much more from the game when it reached final release. High expectations sometimes lead to big disapointements. (for whatever reasons)However, for new players who are asking wherever to buy it or not, i will say: Yes if you can afford it, if not Better wait for sales.The story is really simple, you are shipwrecked on an island infested with zombies, you don't know what happened and why these zombies are there, but you know that in order to survive, you will need to explore, do a serie of quests, find food, water and shelter and craft weapons to defend yourself, all the usual ingredients that make a zombie survival game.Of course for veterans players it may lack deep, challenges, basic crafting system, maybe too easy overall but for new players it's a great way to get into the genre.The game is similar to fallout, with an RPG element as your character level up, you will have to make choices on how to spend your skill points.The graphics are nice, in my opinion, colorfull. (not diverse enough and can get boring after a while) the commands are precise making combats really efficient (maybe too much), at night new types of zombies, supposedly more aggresive (not really) will attack you but easely keep away with your torch or flashlight (which never runs out of battery).As you can see, there are good and bad about this game, you will like of hate, only you can decide.I personaly enjoyed it, but i probably get bored after 10 hours into it. Co-op looks much more fun though.My advice? Don't buy full price, wait for the sales."
,Recommended,250400,8752726,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,tiagomzlima,"Fantastic game. Great Graphics, great controls, great everything! Waiting for more!!!"
76561198047503789,Recommended,250400,8757159,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Jake from Statefarm,Beyond Awesome!!!! Better With Friends!!!!
,Recommended,250400,8699162,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Pizza Steve,Great game with great and crafting and exploration methods
,Recommended,250400,7490540,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Gaming Merc,"Little unpolished here and there. Little things that don't really ruin the gameplay so far. But it's exactly what I hoped it would be, Diablo style game with zombies on islands, time lapses by and the game changes from day to night affecting the creatures that roam the islands, you have to craft your weapons of choice, find water sources, carry items to haul water around if you wish, as well as find food and shelters to sleep in. This is a good game to grab when under 10 bucks to pass some time."
,Recommended,250400,8716091,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,smartywoot,"I liked the humor of the tutorial books, plus it really isnt that bad of a game. i was shcoked to see the metacritic score"
76561198097342451,Recommended,250400,13947218,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,nixaii,Great game
76561198202187996,Not Recommended,250400,13947388,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,[DO74}Leagueoflols,The camera was broken for one of the people you play as so i could not plays him
,Recommended,250400,14012131,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,GHETTO.CHiLD,"kill, build, repeat.  always repeat.2 player co-op fun and madness."
,Not Recommended,250400,13892136,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Nepgyah!,"first of all... this were to be a survival game.But where is THE SURVIVAL?you can't play by yourself and do ramdom stuff, you need to follow missions or challanges.the RPG part is really poor, only a skill tree...it's more action than survival, that's for sureAnd... the Multiplayer!!!!!!!!!! is a sh*t!you can't live without the other player, you need to stay in the same screen!WHY WOULD THEY DO THIS???"
76561198114807819,Recommended,250400,14004028,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,yunguaca,Good
76561198096606430,Not Recommended,250400,14025581,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Potato,"Worth 5 euro? Yes, it's on par with some free flash zombie games. over 10 euro? no way. Nice try, but this is not a survival RPG, it's a hack and slash game with some crafting. You cannot call it SURVIVAL just because you have enemies that can kill you.This is not a rpg, it's a hack and slash made to be very grindy for any crafting. Everything is boring, because the game forces you to go through mazes of zombies to reach something a stone's throw away. just boring."
,Recommended,250400,14026059,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,✪ Enzume,I just started the game and i think its awesome! When you start playing you are punching zombie brains out of their heads in like 4min. Its worth buying!
,Recommended,250400,14027324,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Crazynamibia,"It's a interesting game in the begining, lot of thing to discover and weapon to craft as you please, but in the end it gets a little too ripetitive ...kill zombie again and again.Sadly the onli co-op is pretty dead-Anyway still a nice game to spend some hours on especially if bought at discounted price!"
76561197985512782,Not Recommended,250400,13937911,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ja d'Attaque,Are you trying to be borderlands? It's not working.  minutes of fun.
,Recommended,250400,14066653,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,K0RMEGA,"Was Worth The Price Of 7.00$ USD When I Bought It On A Steam Sale. A Little Laggy When Playing Online MAtches I Almost Always Lag Out Or The Other Person Does, Since The Servers Are Run On Port Forwarding, This Game Must Need Perfect Internet Connection To Play Online, Unless You Want It To Pause Every Second Saying ""Waiting For Player"" But Hey This Wouldn't Be A Game Without Atleast 1 Flaw Right? 9.8/10 Just Because Of The Mini Multiplayer Issues"
,Recommended,250400,13682557,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Exsul,This is even more fun than than it looks from the trailer.  Hours and hours of gameplay.
76561198050611255,Not Recommended,250400,13848994,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Faucet,"Not worth $15. Maybe worth 2? What I was hoping was an open world, zombie survival wilderness game; what I recieved was a zombie shoot-em up with half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempts at survival sandbox elements. And it's totally linear.And there are so many DLC's. Half of the game is probably sold seperately. None of the game is worth it, don't buy it unless $2 means absolutely nothing to you, and especially don't buy for $15 no matter how much value you put into that.So, along with being a zombie shoot them up, it doesn't do great at that either. I had a swarm of about five zombies closing in fast, but the auto aiming decided the one almost 90 degrees to my right was much more important. Of course I died next. I looked thoroughly through the options and couldn't find a thing for auto aiming, or the floaty, uncomfortable mouse movement. (It's probably a DLC or something...)Do not recommend, do not buy. Decent game for those wanting a shoot them up zombie game, but still not worth $15; not at all a good game for buyers wanting a sandbox-esk game. Buy on a huge sale if you must, but I'm not satisfied with my $1.50 purchase."
76561198087730777,Not Recommended,250400,13904647,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,d3nki,"I bought this game for the local coop, it was fun for the first hours, but then it turned into a very repetitive game, playing coop is still kind of fun because there are several ways to mess around with a friend, but the quests all feel the same.So to keep it short, buy it when it is on sale at a very low price and ONLY if you will play it with a friend."
76561198081755229,Recommended,250400,13906082,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,dws6969,"Pretty fun game. Gaemplay is a bit clunky with mouse & keyboard until you get used to it. Monsters are challenging & varied, crafting system is fun to mess with & map is quite large. Saving this one for a rainy day."
76561198000573369,Recommended,250400,13906904,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Vlakvarkie,"At first I thought these zombies are a walk over, but then they turned mad ...."
76561197965521219,Recommended,250400,7963457,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,VaiVictus,"This is a very interesting game, the crafting and concept is wonderful although it could certainly use a lot more polish.  I personally expereince graphical anomolies in regards to shadows for some reason, nothing that makes the game unplayable but can be annoying in some areas.  I use 3 monitors with eyefinity, I have to say the games works great with 3 monitors with native game support that enhances the game expereince considerably.  The major flaws are with a couple of missions using very weak plot devices for moving on and the lack of online co-op.  This IS a multiplayer game but its designed using a console which means it expects local games with multiple controllers not multiple people online.  IT does have an online challenge mode.  While fun the challenges are  timed and thus are more for rushing through not enjoying and taking ones time.  Still it is fun to play and certainly could have many possibilities for further story and game play, I do hope some DLC or expanded content comes."
76561198026439737,Not Recommended,250400,12866817,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,flexliv,Couldnt even start the game - dont they test the games before release? Dont buy this until they fix the crashes... Seems i am not alone from the endless discussions in the forum... Money back plz?
,Recommended,250400,12871516,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,singlehanded-man,Now this was an unexpectedly pleasant suprise. a different take on the zombie experience as it's an isometric zombie survival game with a fun crafting mechanic that will keep you engaged for hours. funny as hell too. only problem is the maps are to small. hoping the dlc add abit more to explore
,Recommended,250400,12928860,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,doot doot,this game is an...interesting work of amazing in a usual genre. that is all.
,Recommended,250400,12940456,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,OG Misfit,"This game is addicting and really fun. Only issue I have is when playing with a friend I accidentally hit them and they lose health, I don't think that should happen. & I think when we earn something like for instance a machete, we should BOTH get it not just player one :| Otherwise this game is so fun! We've spent two hours on it (just started) I know there is so much more to go ^.^"
,Recommended,250400,12941738,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mothull Ember-Heart,"How to Survive is a fair priced survival RPG. While it has its fair share of cliches, it doesn't change the fact that it's a greatly immersing game in the glory of its mechanics and vast play features. However, the style and concept isn't original at all, so I take off points for that. There's just a lot of similar games, namely Dead Island, Day Z and other things of that nature...The crafting system and survival bars are just beautiful. They really keep you cautious, making you feel as if you're actually in danger! There's so much you can craft, and for the most part, it's fairly realistic in approach. Not like Minecraft where somehow you can construct a shovel with a raw diamond and two sticks.However, there's something else worth noting. The multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ing awful. It's unforgiving and dysfunctional like I've never seen in any game of the sort. For starters, it's only two players. That's forgivable, but it should be noted that WHEN YOU USE A CHARACTER YOU'VE BEEN USING IN SINGLE PLAYER FOR MULTIPLAYER IT DELETES THE DATA REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU HIT NEW GAME OR CONTINUE. YOU MUST START AND SYNC A CAMPAIGN IN MULTIPLAYER FOR IT TO WORK. Otherwise, you're stuck with a non-saving multiplayer game you can't continue single-handedly... so lose data, or don't save, or don't use a character you prefer... yeah, you pretty much get stuck with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ choice either way.Looking at it in just the aspects of a game and not just multiplayer, I do recommend it, but do not buy for co-op modes."
,Recommended,250400,12945293,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,^3Eyefinity,Entretenido.
,Recommended,250400,12918357,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Lord Ichthys,"Game is great for about 15 hours (with the DLC) of entertainment.  Fun, quirky, and the right amount of challenging."
,Not Recommended,250400,12920058,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,gg unit,Lipstick on a zombie.The best thing about this game is the cutscenes. The whole voiceover/narrator thing? Pretty cool.The rest? Clunky.5/10
,Recommended,250400,12975324,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,gekido,"Terrible UI. want to like this one but it's really just a bad port of the 360 game. Control scheme is very clunky on PC (space bar to run?  really?)Maybe I'm stupid, but I can't even figure out how to do the simplest things in the game, which frankly is not a good sign.I'll recommend it simply because it's an indie game, but that doesn't really forgive the terrible UI imho."
,Recommended,250400,13167038,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PlofKat,"Nice game, lots of good ideas. Awesome for single player.WORST co-op interface EVER. Feels tacked on and akward.You are not in control of your own screen/focus.Players are forced to stay close together to promote friendly fire an rage quitting.Moving your character moves the screen/focus of the other player.I would rater sit in broken glass than play this game co-op."
76561198072996098,Not Recommended,250400,13169666,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ericore,"I like the fluidity in graphics display and controls from studios like Blizzard Entertainment and UbisoftI instantly recognized this game wasn't produced by a major game developer.It's like your playing snake and ladders; your character is the snake that goes up a game board, and not a game world.Foregoing the game board feel, and the frequently recycled only somewhat pleasing graphics, even the synchronicity of the character, camera and world isn't bang on target; feels slightly off.If you can forego the above, give the game a shot.I certainly can't forego the most important elements of a game.This is the reason games like Path of Exile and Torchlight and diablo copycat fails.Torchlight is the worst offending producing chaotic random environments, so that it literally is just hack and slash.But Diablo is much more than just hack and slash, it is game elements perfection.If you're gonna play a board game, then better you play a boardgame like chess or a popcap game.  At least they don't portray their games as worlds because they're not, and neither is this game and zombies need a real world."
76561198004435776,Not Recommended,250400,13157790,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,vortog,"Granted I've only played the game for a short time, but the simple fact there is no clear save game function is a major disappointment. I played for over an hour and thought the game was saved but a day later, I had to start all over.  In today's day and age, you should be able to make an in game save at any point in the game or at least at clear designated points that is made obvious or included in the game documentation.  While the game has good potential, because of the lack of clear save game points I would not recommend this game.  Perhaps when they fix this major flaw, I might consider changing my view."
76561198077733057,Recommended,250400,13159766,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,lca_wtn,"In my opinion the best survival-zombies game, even better than state of decay. Wonderful crafting system, the book animated tutorial is very funny and useful, great combat system (a bit difficult at first the ranged aiming, and a gamepad is a must)... it makes you feel really inside the adventure you're going to live. Couch co-op  is a plus that gives this game even more fun and entertainment. The sale cut price was almost stealing; very good!The only thing I don't like so much is the save system, but not that bad.I would be happy to try this game with different settings, like post-apo or alien invasions exc..."
,Recommended,250400,13162456,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DesperagoN,"this is a pretty awesome game!! i bought it on sales and spend many hours on it.. i have to say that this is one of the real good game i played lately..Made me think how to play this, what to do for all the kind of enemies i face, but this was pretty awesome..in the begining it was not that great, but while i was evolving and keep playing it it was so cool to play it!! the final battle mede me farma and collect my ammo carefully but it worthed all the time i spent on it!!the story was not so great, but in the end i really  liked it!! So guys go and but it, its a really good game !!"
76561197990248957,Recommended,250400,7469651,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,anduril1015,"It's a pretty cool zombie game.... even though it has some ""special"" zombies which takes away from the realism..."
