user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,250520,19795511,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,El Oshcuro,"Remember that first time you played Fallout 1 and favored all the wrong stats, tagged all the wrong skills, picked all the wrong perks and made the game way harder on yourself than you should have ...but loved it anyway?Welcome to UnderRail."
,Recommended,250520,19764011,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,zeondx91,"Psychic powers checkAmazing guns and tech checkInteresting story checkSkill based rpg with cool abilities that you can slowly acquireCrafting along with recipes to find or buy if you cant find themThe only downside is the grind at the beginning can be extremely frustrating especially with having to grind enemies and loot. It wouldn't be so bad if there were at least more places to go. Very limited progression at first and no sort of fast travel and you must pay for the really useless fast travel. Money is hard to get at first, but grinding the few enemy spawns is about the only way to go. Invest in crafting, especially since currency is limited through quests and enemy drops sell for very little unless you get weapons from the few enemies that carry them at first."
76561198017076013,Recommended,250520,19793930,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Texelion,"Again this is a game where ""recommend"" or ""not recommend"" doesn't mean anything. It mostly depend on who you are, what kind of gamer you are.If you are craving for an old school Fallout-like game, go for it, you probably won't be disapointed.But it's 2015 now, and even if I think that some old games ( especially RPGs ) were a lot better in the past, it's not a reason to keep their flaws as current game mechanics, or even putting annoying stuff in a game on purpose. Some examples as a warning for potential buyers :- the tutorial only covers three things : using a gun, lockpicking, and stealth, because that's obviously the skills required for anyone living in this world. And then the game continues on that way, giving you the choice between a gun, a crossbow and a knife. Ok... but what if I did a Psionic character ? What if I didn't invest any point in ranged or melee ? Though luck, you start without any Psi ability. First you need to unlock your Psi potential by talking to a doctor, whom then leads you to NPCs who could maybe teach you some skills. The first one required me to have 35 and 45 points in Psi to learn stuff, but at level 1 you're capped at 15 points, so you need several levels before learning that. Another NPC only agreed on teaching me a single free skill ( need to pay for others ), AFTER I complete some quest requiring to kill rathounds with... a crossbow. Wait... what ? In order to have a single Psi ability I need to do a quest using a crossbow, but I have no points in ranged combat or crossbow and that's exactly why I need Psi stuff ?That would be like starting as a mage in Baldur's Gate with 4HP, no spells, no companions and only a sword, forcing you to go melee until you can finally buy some expensive spell after 4 levels...OK, the game begins to punish you for picking anything else than the cookie-cutter gun/crossbow ranger or melee brute. Fine. Let's start over with a new character.- another thing is the total lack of map, making it a nightmare to navigate in the maze of metro tunnels. Characters just give you vague information about your destination like if you already knew the levels by heart, and the journal is of no help at all : ""complete all the tasks for NPC X and come back to NPC Y"". Yeah thanks... I love to wander aimlessly into labyrinths, killing mobs, wasting my ammo and heal.- merchants will only buy a certain ammount of a certain item, and nothing else. Like, this guy ONLY buys 2 leather armors and one pair of boots. You can stick all your other loot up your♥♥♥♥♥♥.. also, all merchants are cutthroats, I think the exchange rate is like 300% of the base price. HOWEVER some items like weapons have a really high price, and you will probably find enough of them to get a nice ammount of money early enough. I found/looted on ennemies at least 3 or 4 guns and 2 crossbows already, enough to cover my needs in lockpicks and some gear.- stealth is really stupid as your character's vision is really limited, so you won't be able to see anything past a corner for example. Mobs move really quickly compared to you, so good luck knowing if they are looking in your direction or not. Maybe they should have added some sound, or onomoatopeia to tell you  an ennemy is near ( like in the game XIII adapted from the comic, you can ""see"" the sound of ennemies step to locate them ). Because there is no way our character doesn't hear a big sentry bot coming his way from afar...- overall the game is really slow and boring, the character can't run of course.- the world seems really serious and there is not a single hint of humor like in Fallout or BG. instead the characters will KO you if they don't like your tone.- inventory is terrible, and some fonts are downright unreadable.Gonna update this after I play some more. I can't ""not recommend"" the game despite its flaws, because I guess it's still a nice game, but some aspect will probably turn people off.EDIT : now some things I like about the game- there is a lot of loot and your inventory is not too small so you can take a lot of stuff. As you can't sell everything to any merchant you can stock your loot and crafting material in your appartment.- there is generally several ways to progress : stealth, lockpicking/hacking, brute force, dialogue, etc. For example you can use your lockpicking skill and an omnitool to unlock a ventilation shaft, or a crowbar and your stength. However doing a non-combattant character seems impossible, or at least really hard, as there will probably be ennemies you can't talk with blocking your path. Maybe if you max your stealth, lockpicking, hacking, persuasion and intimidation, and find/buy the right tools ( which requires either luck or knowing the game already to have what you need at the right moment ), AND if you're ready to reload a save a bunch of time to learn ennemies patterns to sneak successfully, yeah it should be doable.- graphics are nice enough- you can detect secret passages with a high perception. Not something you find in a lot of games.- the lighting affects stealth. When you step in shadows, your character portrait will go dark to tell you you're more difficult to spot. Trying to sneak in plain light won't end good. Fortunately most of those tunnels are dark."
76561197970771728,Recommended,250520,9888892,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Dead Guy,"I don't usually do this, but this game needs to be reviewed, because it needs to be made and it needs to be played.I'll just put the TL;DR first. This is quite possibly the best RPG I've played since 1999.The combat and character building is outstanding, and very balanced. There is essentially no filler combat, and the vast majority of encounters are really damn hard. The combat system uses a good variety of special attacks acquired through perks and appropriately rare single use items like special crossbow bolts, grenades or even caltrops to strategically tip the scales of a tough situation in your favour. Several encounters took me 3+ tries to get through. Cool downs between 2 and 5 turns make sure you can't just spam stims or a very powerful special attack to win.Exploration is the second thing that stands out the most, along with combat. Stealth can get you places combat won't on several occasions, especially by using the black mesa developed technique of crawling through ventilation systems.One of the areas you explore a few hours into the game stands out in particular to me, it's on par with genre classics like the Glow from Fallout, or Sierra Army Base from the successor. Those levels that are so well desgined that they feel like playing a Pen and Paper RPG with a good DM.In a time where everything has to be a successor to something it's also really refreshing to see something do it's own thing. There's no ""canon"" to ""break"" for once. You've got your psi-abilities that reminds me of some PnP games I played a long time ago, a perk system reminiscent of Fallout, but with key differences, especially how you have to unlock things like aimed shot. Perhaps the subway civilization has also been done before. Despite all that it manages to feel really unique and innovative. For example, pretty much every single beast enemy you encounter has some kind of special ability, they're never just hit point bars with teeth. Even the equivalent of the Fallout rat sometimes comes with a leader of the pack individual that changes things up. The more difficult inhabitants of the caves will poison you as well as lay eggs that hatch more-than-annoying youngsters that swarm you at just the wrong time.The game's economy also seems well balanced and interesting in terms of the crafting system.If you like post apocalytic themes, turn based RPGs in the vein of the original Fallouts, that draw heavily on pen and paper rule sets, where your stats, tactical thinking and meticulous preparation matter and frantic clicking doesn't, you're sure to enjoy this game immensly."
76561198044205947,Recommended,250520,19762881,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,161Sherlock,"This game is more ""Fallout"" than Fallout 4."
76561198009131882,Not Recommended,250520,21490669,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,wayne500,"I really, really, really wanted to give UnderRail a positive review despite a number of issues that occurred throughout the game.However, all of these were completely overshadowed by the final area.Without giving away too much let's say it involves A LOT of wandering around, limited supplies, often difficult opponents to rapidly drain said supplies, and an impossible final boss that can only be defeated by reading way too many journal entries (hints buried in way too much text) and deciphering a (unique to each game) chemestry puzzle that will weaken the boss enough to defeat (Thank you to those who posted the puzzle solving tips).The very annoying thing about the chemistry puzzle (once you even figure out/find out how to solve it) is that you don't get all the pieces to the puzzle until just before the final boss, and then you have to return to an earlier area to analyze those pieces to get all the information you need.  While that may seem trivial, the thing that pushes it into a negative review is that all of the baddies you've killed along the way have respawned because you opened the final area.  At this point, low on everything and just tired of all the wandering back and forth (a recurring theme in the game), I gave up and deleted the game (after 132 hours of gameplay, holy @#$% I played this thing for 132 hours!?!) .In the end you have what could have been a very enjoyable game being ruined by several end stage ""challenges"" that are just end up being annoying and frustrating.P.S.:While the following few items were not enough enough for me to dislike the game, they did detract from the game.> And we're walking...> Level Cap: While I'm not a big fan of level caps, I can live with them.  However, if you are going to impose a level cap then you have to cap the rest of the game as well.  Example: ""Wow, I could make this really cool <whatever> but since the crafting requirements are random and open ended and I didn't put OVER 150 POINTS into the needed crafting skill I can't"" or ""I thought a lockpick skill of 119 would be enough but look, a door that needs a skill of 120 to open it.""> And we're walking...> Weapons Don't Keep Pace:  As you move through the game the bad guy's toughness out paces your ability to inflict damage.  This is especially true if you don't craft the right items.  This means you have more and more difficulty with the bad guys despite any increase in level.""Well that's the challenge."" you say?  To that I say ""No.""  A combat against three different types of bad guys that requires three different types of defenses (and you can only wear one) and without the proper defense any one of the three can easily kill you in one round and your weapon can only dish out enough damage to kill one opponent each round...oh, and there's two of each type of bad guy.  Not a challenge, just a death and reload.> And we're walking...> Being Stalled By Quest Requirements:  This happened a few of times.  In order to complete a quest a specific skill at [X] level was needed.  Didn't think pickpocketing was important?  Better go wander off and find anything to level grind on for several hours to get the points needed.  Included in this would also be quest items that are difficult to find due to any number of reasons.> And we're walking...> Finally, and I admit this isn't a hardcore problem, if you are going to put something behind a 100+ difficulty lock then make it something better than some @#$%ing scrap metal.> And we're walking..."
76561198008795902,Recommended,250520,19778009,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Monocause,"To put it quite simply, this game is brilliant. Give it some time to kick in as it starts with a lot of exposition and not a lot of action - once you leave the starting area, gain a few levels and wrap up a few quests, you'll understand the game's systems and if an old-school western RPG is what you're looking for, you'll fall in love.Hands down the best indie game of 2015."
,Recommended,250520,7789643,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Order,"Love this game, best buy I have made via Steam in a long time. It's a mixture of wasteland, fallout, and jagged alliance. If you enjoyed any of them titles you will enjoy this one. The game can be quite hard but that is why I like it so much, it does not hold your hand and makes you think and use different strategies to get through to where you need to go next. Lot of customization character wise and so many different ways to play the game per your character build(s). highly recommend and it's only in alpha state."
76561198147153306,Recommended,250520,19781975,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Masi,"I’ll keep it short.Pros:-	Interesting post-apocalyptic atmosphere.-	Great combat system with impressive variety of builds, lots of perks, skills and amazing crafting.-	Tons of quests and ridiculous amount of exploration.Cons:-	Bad writing with lots of typos.-	Simplistic fedex-quests with lots of cliches.-	Not much reactivity and dialogue checks.The verdict:Underrail is an amazing game. While it’s far from perfect, it’s mandatory for any post-apocalyptic enthusiast and fans of cRPG in general."
,Not Recommended,250520,32747503,Posted: 24 June,all,Pretentious Latin Name,"This is a review after beating the game once, and trying out nearly all of the builds. Beware its length.I have followed Underrail for quite a long time, since before the oddity system, since before the skill overhauls, since before the plot was added and since combat was balanced---- No. The last two have never happened, and since it's time for the expansion, it seems not that they will.Here's the thing; the game has a very realistic approach to hostile, robot-mutant-spider-tentaclegod-filled wastelands, which makes death pretty easy - commendable! Unfortunately for some, it makes the game seem like it requires excessive min-maxing to be able to beat it, and that very few builds can actually do well in it.That is partially true, as the game has a massive spike in difficulty around a certain trash-filled area, which will END many of the playthroughs right then and there.The problem is, that very soon after (and if you know the game well, BEFORE that area) your character also becomes a god of insta-death and destruction, that ends entire encounters without enemies being able to *attempt* a single shot.Good ideas of traps, combat-stealth and general maneuvering were not met with the AI using anything other than1. Charge enemy2. Hit enemy (which for many builds ends in a death)Resulting in an incredibly predictable and dull combat system, that ends very quickly either way. Not really something that will keep everyone interested in the game, and thusly not its strong point, alas.Which leads to plot. Behold, for spoilers are ahead!Nobody ever asks, mentions or hints at what caused the world to be this way, until two thirds in the game (at least 20 hours, if your pace is really good). One could say, that perhaps it has happened so long ago, that it's not a common topic anyway... If not for the constant fight for survival and presence of pre-unnamed-disaster technology!You are admitted to a station, which is a safe haven, and are requested to do things. About 3 missions in, they turn from capturing small criters into cages, to fighting armies of super mutants to retrieve ancient technology, alone.Then you proceed clearing the entire world of bandits, mutants, robots, spiders, mutant robots, spider bandits etc. while getting sent to new places every time to first find out why bad-evil-guys are invading, then look for the item that causes them to invade, finally follow OTHER super-evil-guys to retrieve the item for the initial bad-evil-guys, all the while without a single line of text that wasn't gobbled up by RPGmaker templates. Half the time your only lead comes from a grade C comic-relief npc that needs to be constantly fed frogburgers, and uses one of the 14 portraits shared by all characters in the game.There are many plot-locked doors made of sticks that you cannot open in any way, until plot decides it's time, meanwhile you're lockpicking AREA52 as a side quest and blowing walls up with explosives, but not plot walls, no.It's an open-world-corridor, and only hardcore fans of post-apocalypse games will be able to get any enjoyment out of it.But it's not all bad, most of the side, optional areas are done pretty well, with decent - although scarce - writing and plentiful references to all the cartoons the dev watched when he was younger. It's also cheap, and for 15 bucks (7 whenever it goes on sale) it might be just the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bollywood movie alternative you were looking for, when you are too drunk to apreciate the hard work put into serious titles."
76561198013502425,Recommended,250520,28156298,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,kermit,"Recommended for hardcore RPG fans, who like to minmax their builds and understand the importance of manually saving every 5 minutes. Everyone else, be warned. This game does not like you. It's an aquired taste. You may start liking it much more after you finished it once. There is great fun to be had on repeated runs.Pros:Combat options. Combat is really well done. Many different kinds of builds are viable. If you manage to finish the game, and know what's what, you'll have lots of opportunity to experiment.Crafting is brilliant. Be sure to give the crafting system a good try. It's one of the primary game mechanics, and not an afterthought as often the case these days with RPGs.Cons (mostly just a fair warning for 1st time players):Combat is the only thing this title focuses on. Everything else takes a back seat. Lots of opportunities missed to craft a more coherent and plausible story, as well as more believable locations and characters.When Fallout 1 came out, it looked better visually, had more variety in environments and more polished animations. Some say Underrail has 'it's own charm'. But it is clear that some capable digital artists as well as solid design direction would benefit this title immensely.Many sections are designed for people who already know them. You'll be saving/loading a lot to learn certain things the hard way. Not sure I like it too much. Some like to call it hard-core and old school. I tend to call it lacking communication with the player through in-game item descriptions, characters, area design, and back story. Fallout 1/2 was much more enjoyable in this regard.Many items are obscure. Do yourself a favor and read the wiki on every item and status effect you encounter. It's the equivalent of an old-school manual. The game expects you to have read it. The game itself is often failing to give you relevant details. And it will hide things from you for ""balance"" reasons. There are vey helpful items that you can only craft for example. You will never see certain items in a shop and hardly ever find as loot. You may go an entire playthrough and not see some very useful items even once.The game does a very poor job communicating the relative merits and importance of its mechanics. You 'have' to use the wiki and possibly guides, or you'll be making bad mistakes that may end up preventing you from completing the game. You'll find out about that ca. 50 hours in, and no way to respec. Thanks for playing. Bye. To clarify: I got no issues with a game being difficult, but if you must create a highly specialized build to survive endgame, but can play a much less specialized character just fine until that point, and there is no re-spec in endgame to adapt to it, then that is the developers not respecting and rewarding the time you put into the game. It's contempt for the player, and I don't see how that is a good thing. Having a level capped character majorly struggle with endgame and no way to respec is just bad design.The game willfully miscommunicates and misleads you. Just to show you the finger, it seems. Example: You see doors/locks of increasing difficulty on a scale between 10 and 100. Looks plausible. So you level up your lockpicking skill to be able to beat the hardest doors in the game, then spend your skill points on something else. Then you enter the endgame area and suddenly stuff is cranked up to 11: locks go to 130 difficulty. Level cap already reached ensures you can't improve that skill no more. And re-spec is not possible at any point in time, even though the endgame area would plausibly be able to offer a ganetic-mutation device or some such to restat your character. But no. It's hardcore. Same is the case with enemies. You may think you're strong enough, because just before you enter the endgame area you faceroll everything. But that may be the case with a character that is going to struggle a lot in the endgame area. You'll find the  internet is full of posts about people not having finished Underrail because endgame has proven insane. A game that is designed in such a way that it is likely to block you after 60+ hours and  finishing every quest there is and exploring every nook and cranny of the game is not very well balanced. Period. Fallout did not do that, BG did not do that. Underrail should not be doing it, but it doesn't care it's 'hardcore'.Again: Normal game difficulty is tailored for people who already know the game. The QA guy, who knows quests and mechanics inside out, basically. Read the wiki to compensate or you'll end up frustrated.Often the game will ask you to go do things that you character just cannot succeed at yet. You'll die trying questioning your sanity. Turns out you should not progress the main quest when the game tells you to. Instead you should be wandering the caves and killing some fauna instead. They call it exploring. May as well call it mandated grinding. And before the world opens up after a certain event, there's just not many places to go... It's frustrating to hit these spikes, especially very early on when your character is weak, and you have only very few options to vary your approaches. ""Go grind some levels somewhere"" or ""Save scum until RNGesus is with you"" is less-than-optimal story-telling and balancing IMO, but maybe I'm just not hardcore enough.The endgame area is especially clearly designed to be played by people who already know it. Word of advice for your first time and less than optimal build: big manual save. Then figure things out. Then reload that save and re-do everything in optimal order, so you have a chance against the boss without all your resources drained. The endgame area has soo much background story, depth and good ideas in it, but it is oozing contempt for the first-time player (unclear and new mechanics, misleading UI in key places, hardly any relevant hints, gimping the chracter just out of spite, plain stupidity (talk to a hole in the ground for an hour, because a mad man say so, right),  mandatory backtraking through areas with instantly-respawning enemies). The endgame design is softly repeating: ""♥♥♥♥ you"" in your ear and so on your first time through, it's not enjoyable at all. You're more likely to feel a lot of regret over the wasted opportunities and the dev's obsession with being 'hardcore' in this place. It is such a pity, because visually and thematically it's the most fleshed out area of the game."
,Recommended,250520,19905337,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Hypereia,"I've been waiting for something like this to appear ever since playing Fallout 2. If you're a fan of the Fallout series in general, you won't be disappointed.Let's go over some pros and cons. Keep in mind, this list is not all-inclusive; just some of the plusses or minuses that immediately come to mind.Pros:-Old-school feel with isometric camera-Interesting combat system using initiative to decide turn order-Many different character builds available, such as guns, crossbows, melee, unarmed, psi, and throwing. Within each weapon category there are different weapon types, and specialized feats assoiciated with them-Ability to avoid most or all combat situations if one wishes to play a diplomat-type character-Three difficulty settings, and two choices for how the main character gains experience. One favoring experience via exploration and quests (which reinforces the ability to play as a diplomat), and one favoring killing and quests.-Comprehensive crafting systemCons:-Debatably difficult at the start of the game due to the tutorial only breaking the ice of the way combat mechanics function-Lack of in-game mapYes, I have only listed two cons, the first of which is easy to over come with a little play-time. The second con, which is my only real gripe about the game, is that there's no in-game map.This is an issue because there's very many zones in the game, which aren't labeled, and once you get away from the city and start transitioning through many zones, it can begin to almost feel like you're in a maze.Hopefully something regarding the map will be addressed sometime in the future.In conclusion, the amount of content in this game is staggering. The amount of value for the price of this title is off the charts. I HIGHLY recommend you pick this up if you're a fan of the older Fallout games, or are just a fan of isometric turn-based RPGs in general."
76561197969354918,Recommended,250520,16129591,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ulminati,"The love child of Fallout and Temple of Elemental evil. Minimalist in some places, but after a few hours it oozes atmosphere thick enough to cut with a knife. The oddity system is a stroke of genius, allowing for the first game where you actually feel like you can take whichever approach you want without being penalized for picking the ""wrong"" way, or murdering everyone after sneaking past them to min-max.If you love exploration, character building and turn-based combat, you've come to the right place."
76561198006977885,Recommended,250520,19750152,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Cthu1hu,"Fallout is back....No, No it really is. Most fallout than anything I played scince Fallout 2.Trust me, You want this game"
76561197968504860,Recommended,250520,10428067,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Firedragon,"This game is definately worth the cost.Set in a dark, sci-fi setting this isometric RPG heralds back to the times of the originalFalloutandX-Com UFOgames. It has a detailed and lovingly thought out game environment, crafting and combat system and most of all a great story backed up by memorable characters.You have quite a bit of freedom in this game too - the introduction of the ""oddity"" leveling system is unique and tries (quite successfully) to allow the player to choose a ""non-combat"" approach to the game.However,  from playing through the available content thus far I have to say that the oddities are normally guarded by some enemy or even on their bodies. This kind of defeats the object of attempting to bypass combat as a means to level as you will normally have to fight to get the oddities in the first place. But the great thing about this game is that it gives you the choice whether to use that system or a more traditional, XP based system.When creating a character, the developer has made it possible and plausible to pick certain playstyles, adding to the replayability and allowing you to play the game in a number of interesting and challenging ways. The game is difficult but then I think this kind of game should be challenging.Freedom definately is the plus of this game, you can pretty much do whatever you want, even if that means doing something suicidal - the point is the game lets you.  I think this is a very important feature for any RPG. Also there is no ""morality"" system - the game niether rewards, nor punishes your actions, although some people may not take kindly to your actions - this is all fine and believeable.In conclusion I recommend this game - it's absorbing, challenging and is one of the only early access games I've bought that has actually been finished."
76561198025385275,Recommended,250520,20023966,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Qiox,"I've played the following builds:- Stealthy Sniper with Sub-machine gun for in close.  With lockpicking, hacking, pickpocketing.  No crafting.  No Psi.- Heavy Armor tank, no dodge, no evasion.  Assault Rifle and throwing grenades.   All crafting skills.- Pure Psi with crafting and stealth.- Crossbow and traps, with stealth.  Some crafting.And each one plays very different.  And there's a lot of build combos I have not tried yet.   This game can take 60 to 100 hours to finish and it's very well worth replaying.  I'm saving the end for later.  Playing multiple builds in parallel for now.One of my top 5 all time rpgs.  Can't wait to see what the developer comes out with next."
,Recommended,250520,25390984,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Skoopodootle,"I love this game.Pros:-Good if not great dialogue with text to express each persons looks, personality, emotion, and actions.-Even minor NPCs have extensive work put into them, some you can even get attached to.-Traps are well implemented and turn the tides of battles before and during they happen, as well as keeping your eyes peeled when not.-Stealth is a fun way to play, being fully fleshed out and difficult when it needs to be.-Graphics grow on you, though it has its rough spots.Graphics are great, some scenery is superb, though you can tell which things got the most attention-Difficult until the very end, never holding your hand.-Engaging lore and solid story, with many questions to want answers to.-Human and some creature AI arent stupid, evading traps if they notice them and varied loadouts to attack with.-An amazing level of polish in my opinion, easily showing early access and quality of life patches paid off.-Specialized builds lead to nearly no overall useless stats.-Most immersive isometric I have played so far.Cons:-A bad build leads to many deaths, even good ones can have bad moments.-RNG offputting to many, missing a 90% shot can be infuriating after the third time in a row.-Walking is the only speed, and this makes backtracking and traveling known areas a long, boring chore.-Occasional lockups due to combat or dying in combat, requiring alt-f4.-Ridiculously time consuming puzzle in end-game is nearly essential on certain characters.requiring you to screenshot and write down atom regeants to reduce the final boss's ways of attacking you, although in which ways is predetirmined every playthrough-♥♥♥♥ cave hoppers(EDIT:  Revised the graphics part a bit, after playing the game another playthrough and seeing more of the game. Anyways I will be rewriting my review in general once the expansion comes out in quarter 1/2 of next year!  Hype!)Despite a somewhat RNG headache early game, and a few shortcomings with quest triggers and quirks in enemy behaviour, Underrail is a difficult yet engaging RPG, which stands out among the old champions by having updated mechanics and entirely new ones. Every playstyle has its challenges, and while some are more then others, using wits and stragedy via traps and stealth can always improve the odds (although making an awful build means, as is with Fallout 1/2 and the like, you can seriously hamper a playthrough, if not making it a living hell).  The music and atmosphere is fairly immersive in its own way. Dialogue is descriptive, plenty and usually believable, helping you establish a character's personality.  Story wise, while weak at times, stays fairly solid if not superb.  The usual isometric RPG quirks will throw many off, but if you loved the original fallouts and the like, this game is very much worth the price."
,Recommended,250520,26393129,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Revisor,"A very good RPG with great exploration, combat and writing, held back from perfection by quite a lot of backtracking and by being obtuse at times.After over 100 hours, I finally finished an almost complete playthrough of Underrail. If you're interested just in the final verdict, I highly recommend Underrail. It's a great, although not flawless RPG.The goodAmazing exploration.The game is huge and rewards and demands exploration. From populated metro stations, to abandoned tunnels crawling with alien-like predators, from surviving communities, haunted islands and trapped labyrinths to malfunctioning power plants, contaminated research labs... you will visit a lot of interesting locations and your sense of direction will be tested.Very good combat.There are many things you can do in combat: From the basic shooting, brawling and melee combat, things get more interesting with flashbangs, molotov cocktails, gas grenades, poisoned traps, to psionic abilities, electric crossbow bolts... You can stun or blind your enemies, make them bleed and even mind-control them. You can use acid pistols, set enemies on fire, freeze them, poison them, shoot their kneecaps. You can turn on a shield but it requires batteries and it doesn't protect well against melee attacks, so think carefully. And the best thing is that the combat is symmetric. Everything you can do, the enemies can do as well (except thought control :). There is a lot of combat and it's a lot of fun.Great writing.This is not a text heavy game, so don't expect eloquent 30-minute dialogues about the meaning of life. But the world is very intriguing, with layers upon layers of history and story. You begin as a young upstart doing odd jobs for a remote metro station in an underground complex. As you travel through Underrail, you discover hidden agendas behind station relationships, political intrigues, the history and tragedy of the world itself and mysteries that go even beyond that and mentioning them in detail would go into deep spoilers. Most characters are written competently, some even very well, but the game shines in the world, its history and its lore. Much of this is hidden on locked terminals or in branching dialogs, so it's up to you if you're interested in what's really going on.Good atmosphere.The combination of an intriguing world, challenging combat and good music all together create an intensive, sometimes even oppressive atmosphere. When I sneak through abandoned metro tunnels and hear the alien-like crawlers coming near, when I crawl through the vents of an abandoned factory and know that the still active security bots are looking for me in the hallways, those are the moments I remember.The neutralThe story makes sense only retrospectively.Some games have such a gripping story that you want to keep playing in order to experience the conclusion. In Underrail the story makes sense retrospectively but doesn't really pull you forward. This is not much different from other RPGs with interesting worlds (Underrail: Retrieve the cube. Fallout 1: Find a new water chip), but it stands in contrast to many interesting characters in Underrail and its rich history and backstory.Unexplained crafting.This might sound a little bit strange. The crafting system in Underrail is well thought out and satisfying, but at the beginning it's not explained at all. During my first game I had no clue how it works, what's important. There are 5 crafting skills, 230 components and 88 blueprints (crafting manuals). In order to be able to craft an item, you must learn the blueprint, you must have sufficient crafting skill (or skills) and the right components. Some items require a single skill, some require a combination of skills. Unless you read through the game wiki, you can only guess how much of a certain skill you're going to need for items helpful to your build. Until you find the blueprint, you have no idea what items you should look for. Should you keep this Circular Wave Amplifier? What about this Siphoner Leather? Is it a good leather? Are there going to be better ones? (Turns out there is a really useful blueprint with Siphoner Leather, but only craftable in the second half of the game, so keep the one with the best quality). This doesn't matter in subsequent playthroughs but for the most important first playthrough the crafting system is too complex and lacks explanation.The badA few obtuse quests.Most of the quests are self-explanatory. Some are easy, some require you to scour a certain area. But there are a few that are very obtuse. One or two quests have solution in a completely different location without giving you any clue. There's also one very important unmarked core quest (Faceless' attitude) that you will not even know about until it's too late and you might have wanted to solve it differently, had you known about it sooner. This one almost single-handedly ruined my enjoyment of the whole game, but luckily I could solve it by returning to an older save and doing its last part differently. If you're okay with just going with the flow and accepting the outcomes of your (even unconscious) decisions, this point may not be a problem for you.Backtracking.There is a lot of backtracking. You will return through the same areas again and again. This is partly mitigated by a fast travel system, but fast travel is quite expensive and is only limited to populated stations. It doesn't reach remote labs and factories, or locations in the cave complex under the metro.Inventory troubles.Inventory exacerbates all other problems. First of all it is limited. You cannot keep everything and at the beginning you have no idea what is useful and what useless, what you should throw away and what you should keep. Sure, this weapon has higher damage than the other, but should you keep the laser pistol, the plasma pistol and the acid pistol? What about this rathound leather armor with a nice stealth bonus and this metal armor with energy resistance? They might all come in handy, but you cannot keep them all. What about crafting components you don't even know what they're for? Without sufficient information these choices are too agonizing. I solved it by using a CheatEngine script for unlimited inventory. I wouldn't have finished the game without this.Respawning enemies.Uncivilized areas repopulate slowly with wildlife. That makes sense and is OK, but in combination with the backtracking it might make some areas annoying. No, rathounds, the basic, easiest enemies won't do anything to me at higher levels. They can't even scratch me. They just slow me down.The last section.The final game area combines backtracking, respawning enemies, inventory woes and obtuse quests in an very annoying combination that left me shaking my head. There are three areas where it's not clear what you should do and where enemies respawn constantly (the research complex, the power plant and the mushroom forest). In all of them you can mitigate the respawning somehow and somewhat, but it's not clear how, and in one case it's very, very obtuse (inhaling spores and fighting through respawning turrets). Moreover to ""solve"" this final area you need a lot of plot items, some of which are heavy. One of them weighs frikking 30 units! On the other hand the whole area is finished with a very satisfying puzzle and an interesting boss battle.Overall, Underrail is a very good, rich RPG. Hack an unlimited inventory, use a speedhack, consult the wiki and look at maps online to mitigate its flaws and enjoy it."
76561198006657755,Recommended,250520,19820520,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jackyboy,See Bethesda? That's not so hard!
,Recommended,250520,19667393,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,frumple,"So the Full Version is out!The visuals have been tightened up and polished with lots of little detail work done and animations added. This adds a bit of color and variety and improves one area the game was lacking. It still isn't gorgeous but there's much less to complain about and the art style comes off better.The writing has been done up. Just enough flavor to make it more pleasant to read. It's a small improvement but a very important one.Characters have been added or slightly altered. Areas feel more complete now. Music has been touched up here and there. A difficulty level (Hard) has been added and the game is complete now with all areas, characters and seemingly even more items and weapons.Overall it seems an already strong game has been tuned up and warmed up. Now it's time for you to play it. Enjoy.One note: The early game is quite challenging and combat takes some getting used to.You're not a hero. You're not going to take on an army and win. You're just a guy or gal. You may have some skills but you're still humble flesh and bones. Try to remember that.Original Pre-Release review follows:Underrail is an indie game, and such often get a pass for not quite being up to triple-A standards. Some are lazy, other times it's a case of not having time and money. I'm happy to say that Underrail doesn't lack effort, though it does have a few rough edges and appears bush league in some ways.Let's get the negatives out of the way:The on screen text can be very hard to read. It's very small and a strain.Occasionally it is frustratingly difficult to click on exactly what you want. It is a bit of a pixel hunt when you want to attack a creature but keep getting a movement path highlight instead. Some wire fence door can be tricky to close. There's 1 or 2 typos/grammar errors. All of this is fairly minor but worth mentioning. The game is not perfect.I found the music playing in the first area (SGS Base) a bit irritating. The loop is relatively short and some parts meant for the background become noticable. Again not very brutal, but shows a lack of polish.I also get the feeling many players will find the early game a little slow. The player character doesn't yet have developed skills but the early quests felt very much like an extended tutorial. It's fine in a way, because Underrail is quite a complex RPG (but not overly so) so having a slow-ish start helps. Fans of exploration will enjoy it much more so than fans of action.EDIT - Some of the early dialogue felt very matter-of-fact and didn't seem very promising.The graphics are decidedly not mindblowing. They're ok. I'm sorry to write this because it must have been hard work, but unfortunately the first impression isn't too great. It's all hand drawn and the overall aesthetic is consistent. There is nothing out of place or bland or terrible, but it shows a lack of high budget bells and whistles.I hate banging on about graphics and i should like to defend this game. I recently played Alien Breed - Something or other, and that is a great example of a very pretty game that gives me absolutely no joy nor pleasure. It's so boring, but very shiny. There's nothing wrong with it, but it's uninspired. I'd rather have less explosive visuals but with more individual detail, and a more interesting world to explore.All of the above is fair for a game that lacks a AAA budget however. It's very stable, no lag whatsoever and the parts that are polished shine. The sound system is excellent for example.Aside the small annoyance over one overexposed theme, the music has been excellent. Not just good but fitting, emotional and without fault.The game is also very fast, which is one thing damn AAA games cannot bring themselves to achieve. No lengthy loading times or huge sys. requirements.Since Fallout 1&2 comparisons will be inevitable: Fallout 1 gave the player a clear goal and few directions but otherwise left them to take on the world as they want. Fallout 2 was more directionless but very rich. Esp. in death. And busting up casinos and doing drugs in New Reno. UnderRail so far gave me a starting point and clues on how i might get entangled in conflicts but has made no effort to restrain or railroad me, other than token baby quests which experienced players can ignore anyway.Yes, some of the dialogue was very matter-of-fact but a few characters managed to stand out and show personality. And having played further into the game i don't think writing is UnderRail's highlight nor weakness. Stories advance through exploration and exploration is limited by character skills. I felt free to veer of the beaten path when i wanted and i think i appreciate that more than a well written railroad plot. Thus my tale is one of bare survival and luckless burglaries, but i did score a swank pair of powered gloves.Combat mechanics are complex enough yet remain basic and closely tied to skills. Get skilled and acquire better gear and you'll do more damage. Though if you dig deeper into it you can see why things like traps, crafted items or even bare hands have advantages. Traps wound and immobilise, caltrops or fire restrict movement and bare hands ignore 100% of energy shields, just as an example..Not sure i'm on board with yet another game with crafting in it, but it seems to be integrated well into gameplay and skills. One thing i am absolutely on board with is the Oddity XP system. Instead of rewarding actions that can be farmed and become repetitive, the optional Oddity system rewards XP for discovering rare items strewn across ""dungeons"". The harder the dungeon, the greater the rewards. Oddity items have no value otherwise and can only be used to gain XP (for studying the item). Your usual oddity may be some ancient orders given to a squad of troops, an unusual feature on monster remains or stuff like that.It changes gameplay quite a bit. Since there's no way to earn XP in the usual way such as through dialogue, quests or using skills/murdering things. It can also make it a bit harder to get through an area for which you may not have adequate skills. Overall i like the change. Farming sucks and getting rid of it is a good idea. Once again, it's possible to select the Classic levelling system so if you don't like the sound of this, don't worry.But do give it a try. It's refreshing to know that killing mooks or just doing mundane stuff gives no XP and just wastes ammo, healthpacks or similar things. I only do it when hostiles get in the way or i get cornered, as it should be. More tanky characters can still wipe the floor with them for funsies, but the Oddity system feels more like forging a path through a gameworld rather than pushing the right buttons in a game mechanic to advance.The trading system is also different from the usual one found in RPGs. Instead of hauling a load of crap with you and hoping to swap it for less uselles crap, you'll find plenty of traders willing to barter with you, but they're very picky about what items they actually want. Fortunately they tell you what they want and it's usually general categories such as medicine or component types. It's a bit harder to buy the goods though, because you only have a fraction of your inventory value to offer.So there's my review. I barely scratched the surface yet. I know there are imperfections but i don't care. The game has hooked me enough and i want more. This seems like a very interesting world to explore and the amount of items and skills that are available seems huge.I've played Fallout 1,2 and 3. All the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games and probably a million more post-apocalyptic games including Burntime! So i really should retire from post-apocalyptic gaming, but nope. This one is just as good, i'm loving it.Recommended RPG fans, both causal and hardcore.Exploration and survival fans will enjoy it even more."
,Not Recommended,250520,20600088,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Coaldust,"This game bears a superficial resemblance to the first two Fallout games, but I found it too frustrating to enjoy.In short, the game should have had better writing, and been more forgiving and less random.  It also has a bad user interface, and obnoxious sound direction.  Read on if you want details.Remember Fallout 1 and 2?  When you do you probably recall lots of dark humor, memorable characters, and 50s retro-futuristic camp.  There's none of that here.  The closest you'll come is a line of outlandish dialog once every few hours of play.There are a lot of feats that have interesting effects and synergize.  Don't get too excited.  Most character builds will not work.  When I say “not work” I mean that about 5 to 8 hours into the game you will reach a point where you die repeatedly no matter what you do.  I had to restart 3 times until I came up with a build that “works”.  Most issues relate to inadequate defense.  The game allows exactly 2 defensive options to work: stealth and social skills to avoid most combat, OR having a massive hit point pool, heavy armor, and a powerful shield to facetank.  Dodge and Evade work great against melee and ranged attacks, and passably against area of effects, but you cannot dodge or evade psi attacks, and characters with a Will of 10 or higher can still expect to be 2- or 3-shotted by psi users throughout the game, so Resolve is useless.I hope you want to play a crossbow user or gunslinger with 10+ Perception, or a character with high Traps skill, because otherwise you're going to be saving and reloading every few steps eventually, when the ground is peppered with land mines.  If youinsiston not using a build like this, craft a pair of Detection Goggles as soon as you get a chance.  I hope you don't mind the ability, skill, or head slot tax!The crafting system is pretty good.  Be glad that it doesn't suck, because most builds are going to be forced to use it.  Certain kinds of items seem tonever drop or become available from vendors, like tactical vests or riot gear made of psi beetle carapaces (which are basically required by psi-dependent characters).  Also, without crafting you won't have a use for about 80% of the loot you get.  I hope you don't mind thismassive skill point taxfurther restricting your character building.Lets say you chose stealth and social skills.  At first stealth is completely non-functional.  Even if you put as many points as allowed into it at the beginning, literally everything will spot you in ‘stealth mode’.  Soon it becomes overpowered and you can stand in front of someone in a well-lit room and them not notice you unless you bump against them.  You need notact stealthy.  There are no interesting disguise, distraction, or movement options for stealth.  As for the social skills, the checks are set about 5x too high (relative to the level at which you normally get the quest), so upon getting ‘stuck’ on a social skills check you will need to stop and make progress on other quests to level up enough to pass the check.  Such fun!The combat is surprisingly shallow for a turn-based game.  That is a pity, since a role-playing game with weak plot, character design, and social interaction, only has combat left, and there is alotof combat in this game.You must always use the following combat tactics:always initiate combat yourself (on non-stealth builds this usually requires dieing once to know it's coming)throw an EMP grenade first if the enemy has shieldsbe sure you can close the distance to them if you use melee attacks, or outrange them if you use ranged attacksbe sure you can stun enemies every other round (they are immune for 1 round after)If this sounds terribly cheap, be aware that enemies will dothis exact thingto you, given the chance!There are no postures (like kneeling or crawling) to affect chance to hit and be hit at cost to movement, and there is no cover system, so positioning rarely matters.  If you can see an enemy, it can probably hit you (and will probably initiate combat if you haven't already).  Sometimes you can move in and out behind an obstruction to avoid retaliation for a round or two.  The environment is not destructable (with the exception of TNT to remove fallen rocks outside combat), so you can't control the shape of obstacles.Fights you win will last about 2 to 3 rounds.  The victor is usually determined by whoever initiates the fight (not clever tactics), since they usually get 2 rounds of free hits, because they will use a stun on the first round.  This is because the enemies are almost as strong as you, and fight competently, but you will be fighting 3 to 6 of them at a time, most of the time.  That, and the designer apparently thinks players enjoy havinghalf their turns taken awayby stunsalmost every single fight, and players using melee love being immobilizedfor many roundsfrequently by ranged characters.Players that think a feat tax can make you exempt from the incessant stuns should be aware that Thick Skull doesnotstop all stuns (e.g. Incapacitate from Sentry Bots).  Locus of Control seems to, but only for 3 rounds, and its requirements make it only available late-game and only to psi-dependent characters.Even if you make all the right decisions, its easy to lose due to the random number generator.  Since you must kill most or all enemies quickly you will be using expensive (in money, action points, and/or psi point pool) attacks, and if one misses, you've probably lost already.This game has great replayability!  Expect to be reloading from your last save alot.  Save frequently!“Easy” mode only gives you more hit points.  More hit points won't solve these problems.There are a handful of other annoying design decisions, that I could have tolerated on their own:The vendors are awful.  Not only do they only buy items similar to what they sell (which would have made some sense), they only buy a very small number of each type of item they sellper real life hour.  They also only have a very small amount of cash (which also takes a real life hour to refresh), which means if you have an expensive item to sell, and they have nothing you can use, you can't sell it, at least without taking a massive loss.  You'll be taking a massive loss with vendors anyway, since their profit margin is somewhere around 500%.Constantly running out of lock picks and batteries for your “Haxxor” is not fun.  It's bad enough that Lock Picking and Hacking are essentiallymoreskill tax for anyone that wants to complete most missions.  They can't be used for anything creative, and take no skill to use.Waiting for several minutes (not exaggerating) for acid pools to dissipate to be able to cross an area is grating.Even if you put all your points into using psi, you will have to abuse area transitions to refill your psi point pool and reset your cooldowns.  Your psi point pool refills too slowly in combat, and there is a (needless)long cooldown on psi boostersand most psi abilities.  Have fun facetanking that free round the enemies get when you go back.There are also some UI problems:You can't see things behind obstructions.  The best you can do in Underrail is hold Tab down to see text descriptions of everything, then scrub the mouse over the area until you can find the invisible clickable location.  Foreground walls and other obstructions should turn semitransparent when your character can see behind them, as in Diablo.The user interface is uncomfortably small at maximum size and modern resolutions.There is no automap, and the world is a huge underground maze, so it needs one.Unless you like buzzing florescent lights and houseflys, I recommend setting the volume to 0% on this game."
76561197970004292,Recommended,250520,12627739,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Meaty Oh Right,"I'm 110 hours in and just hit where there is no more content on main campaign. WOW!. I don't often write in these responses, but this game is amazing. if you like Fallout 1 or 2 or any other isometric rpg, this is a MUST HAVE! For $9.99 the value it outstanding. I can't wait to see what the finished product is. This could be one of those games that define good gaming."
76561198018979485,Recommended,250520,13101939,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Smileyspoon,"Let me just start by saying that this game is amazing, and you just have to grit through the initial learning curve.  It is WORTH IT.  I initially bought the game and played for like an hour and quit.  The game was super hard, and I was just like WTF!!!  However, I was bored and looked at my steam library of games and saw this game again.  I gave it a shot one more time, but looked at some guides first for how to survive the inital part of the game.  If you can get past the first few missions and not make any critical build mistakes, you can create just about any type of char you want and survive.  I'm currently playing on normal, which is like hard mode for this game.  I recommend googling how to play first for noobs, before playing.  However, once the game gets going this game is amazing.  I can't believe it's only Alpha... I am playing through and i'm 39 hours in and I dont think I'm even halfway done with CURRENT content...  Just buy this game..."
76561198029324904,Recommended,250520,19781221,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Isometric,"Used to think that Arcanum was the best successor to Fallout 1 and 2. Years gone by and CRPG genre faded away and it was presumed dead. Then the CRPG renaissance was promised due to crowdfunding and thus we had Wasteland 2 , Shadowrun and other turned based isometric CRPG's but they didn't provide the complexity of older Fallout titles. I was convinced by RPG Codex that this would be the incline we were all hoping for and I purchased it at launch day (never bothered with spoilers from EA).After spending some time to get to level 5 I now have in mind another build of my character that I would like to start a new. This only happened with games like Fallout 1,2 or Acanum.Such a small team managed to do so much it's mind blowing! Hell, even the price is incredible and please don't judge the game by it's graphics because Fallout didn't get were is today because of it ( although Bethesda may disagree). It's hard, it's complex, smart, adventurous fallowed by a fantastic soundtrack and ambient sounds. Every stat and every item seems to be there in order to have a purpose , the world seems alive. My only small complain is the lack of cloud saving but I can live with that with no problem. Thank you Stygian Software for taking CRPG's genre into the next level! PC players rejoice! This is the incline we were hoping for along with Age of Decadence."
,Recommended,250520,8118248,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Count Jackula,"When this game first ended for me, way back in early alpha, (after I found Armadillo Chip) I was so excited I went & re-purchased Fallout 1 and 2 and beat them all over again. This game is what I wanted Shadowrun Returns AND Fallout 3/Fallout NV to be. I'd say take Metro, mix with Fallout, add a heaping teaspoon of fallout 2; stir in a pinch of Thief 1/2, and finally add a hefty 1/4 cup of Deus Ex; stir; and then you would be fairly close to how awesome this game is. I put in 100 hours my first playthrough, and at that time the game was only about 10% finished lol (Armidillo Chip).I later put in over 60 hours getting to the Tchort part near the end.It isn't often I log 160+ hours on a game, or even 100, and this game is probably the first indie game in which I have done so.As it stands, almost completed, it is well worth as much as $30, and I had a blast! Most of my reviews on games are negative due to high expectations, but this game almost broke the 1-10 scale with 10+. UnderRail is destined to be a true masterpiece, and falls in place as one of my top 25 games ever in my 38 years of playing.I have put this game to bed temporarily because I am waiting on the full release, which will hopefully be sometime this year lol? I expect after the full release I may end up with 400 to 500 hours in on this game, which would firmly put it in the top 10 of games I have played based solely upon ""fun"" and replay value."
,Recommended,250520,19838378,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BAXTER,"If you enjoyed Fallout 1+2, or any turn-based RPG, and have been starved for similar titles ever since, then you should immediately buy this game.I've been playing every now and then over the course of its long development and it's been really fantastic to see a proper classic Western RPG considering that high-budget titles have increasingly trended towards simplification and flashy graphics.Most games I play are out of either obligation or a desperate attempt to stave off boredom, but UnderRail has always produced genuine enjoyment, and perfectly sated my desire for more nuanced and complex RPGs. It's a relief to finally get an RPG that really fits what I enjoy about them. Turn based RPGs are not dead yet."
76561198058822563,Recommended,250520,12453871,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,knightoftheyang,"After wasteland 2 I was slightly underwhelm with the gameplay aspects, but after feeling dissapointed I saw this recomendation. Looked into it at first I was sketchy because it was an early access game, but 9 dollars was a bargaining price. I found this game like a real spritual successor of the original  isometric fallouts and so many skill choices and traits that can be overwhelming but with rewarding effects later on.   Whats also intresting is this game pervents players from making easy cash selling the same item once too many times, and I also love the number ways you can find to replay this game. I really hope the full game to be just as good or better."
,Recommended,250520,8024409,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,OkcRanger,"UnderRail is one of those games that comes along every so often, that when you play it you can feel the love and attention that has gone into it's development.  I have played almost every version of this game since the day it was available for purchase and can tell you with all honestly this is a must have for anyone who ever enjoyed the cRPG's of yesteryear (Baldurs Gate, Fallout 1 and 2, etc).It is also perfectly difficult. It is quite possible to make a character that just cannot make it through the game, there is plenty of variety in skills and feats even this early in development.  The battles are strategic down to each and every turn being critical to the outcome.It is the perfect homage to those oldschool games that we used to spend weeks and weeks and months perfecting the perfect party or character. If you consider yourself a REAL RPG gamer I think UnderRail will be a much loved addition to your library.Fully recommend this game, even in it's beta state. I cannot wait to see how the finaly product is in the end."
,Recommended,250520,20264044,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Microwave Camera,"Very Fallout-esque with a few key differences off the top of my head:- Combat is very entertaining and rewarding. Expect to use all of your abilities and quickslot items to survive. Grenades, caltrops, special bolts, mid-fight healing.. All of it helps. Melee isn't the only option for stealth, since crossbows are included and ample within the game. Psi abilities for people that prefer wizard characters.- Choices and Consequences are not as impactful, but still there.- Skill Checks show fairly often for dialogue, and It's not only ""persuasion"" that is considered. Checks are based on thresholds, not randomly generated. With pickpocketing, you can only grab so much, not save-scum your way to riches.- Attributes are much more specialized towards what kind of character you want to play. Every attribute has its use, but you're not rewarded any extra skill or action points for choosing Intelligence or Agility.- Skills points are sparse; you have to sacrifice defenses, social skills, or crafting even if you only specialize in a single combat skill.- Feats and their requirements can all be displayed at the beginning of the game so you can plan accordingly. THERE ARE TONS, many being active skills and not simply passive boosts.- Companions do not exist.- Writing and humor are not as effective, but I have found myself chuckling here and there.- Crafting is extremely modular and well worth the skill points. You will not find the best equipment; crafting a stellar piece of armor will require investment into tailoring and mechanics. A good weapon will need mechanics and electronics. Feats can be chosen to further improve your creations.I'm always a sucker for the gameplay, but the artist work is top-notch. Every non-transistion area is gushing with attention to detail and many are beautiful. As an example, they even spent the time to make character portraits change background depending on the area you are in. The soundtrack works very well with the setting.10/10"
76561197970824548,Recommended,250520,14979008,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Snake47,"That's how I wished Shadowrun returns should have turned out. When you can easily spend hours in the character creation menu thinking about how to set up your character and how to distribute your points (since everything has pros and conss it is supposed to be), you know you have a great game with huge potential in your virtual hands.Basically how fallout 3 should have looked like. This game in simple words for me is a dream come true.A definite must-have for people that loved fallout 1 and 2, Fallout Tactics, Jagged Alliance 2 and similar games within the genre.This game is turn-based action with massive character development and great loot and exploration at its best."
76561197991657927,Recommended,250520,15684666,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,MrMuse,"Seriously good tactical turn-based RPG. Similar in many ways to Shadowrun although it is a lot more focused on the development of your player character rather than having control of several. The crafting is varied and interesting as are character progression and feats that allow you to create very distinct builds for him/her. Stealth mechanics, hacking and other forms of subterfuge are much more strongly implimented here making for many different approaches to combat situations. Don't be fooled by the ""alpha"" early access status - this game already has a lot more content than many completed AAA titles and EA is due to end soon. An absolute bargain for what it costs."
,Recommended,250520,19821664,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Bobisz,"You miss Fallout?You enjoy playing indie RPGs like Avernum, Eschalon etc?You love the world of Metro 2033?Then do yourself a favor and buyit already!This game is bloody amazing, especially in light that it  was developed by 1, later a 3 people team (it boggles the mind really, how well produced it is).It also has more resemblance to a Fallout game than anything they call Fallout in the last almost 20 years.Pros:- Excellent writing- Interesting world with an insame amount of exploration- Looting is very, very satisfying- Amazing attribute/skill/feat set and character development- Awesome weapon choices that truly makes you dedicate to a build/play type- Extensive and very well done crafting system- So much more...Cons:- It has an end"
,Recommended,250520,16086072,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,RMP,"I've been gaming for decades now and this is no doubt in my top 100 of all time (perhaps even top 50)No question is a di-rect decendant of Fallout 1 and 2 as so many here have stated. What more can you say to that?The good:-Crafting of guns, armor, electronic devices, grenades, chemicals, even ammo-Deep ability/skill customizaton options to play the game the way you want to play-Export an existing character to be used in a 'new' game (that 'trick' can help with the harsh difficulty level as you'll carry on level and inventory items)-Heavy on exploration with a 'far from home' feel once you venture far enough out (nothing like the feeling of not knowing if you can make it back home or not, no more stims and running from enemies to survive...only to make it home, restock, and go back out for round 2)-Wide variety of enemies and hostile situations to challenge you-A fun and creative range of combat options (kneecap shots, crippling melee blows, setting enemies on fire (hells yeah), knife throwing, even psychic attacks.-Can even set up 'ambush' scenarios with caltrops, traps, and molotovs.The Bad:um not much...-steep difficulty curve, unforgiving at times (you need to learn what armors protect best in many situations)-not a lot of personality to the dialogue at times (though it has improved a lot)-a lesser sense of a 'real' community in the towns (not much going on in the background)If you're a fan of old school turn based RPG's....you owe it to yourself to check this out. This is an experience you should not cheat yourself out of. It's worth every penny and more."
,Recommended,250520,32686979,Posted: 23 June,all,Destroy Babylon,"Old school isometric RPG with a really cool, unique setting. Inspired by but not derivative of games the first two Fallout games, this is an absolute must-play for anyone who likes lots of numbers to fiddle with, rerolling a new character every few hours to try something new, or dying a whole hell of a lot. Bonus points for an interesting, innovative XP system."
76561197997727236,Recommended,250520,29427026,Posted: 22 January,all,umuxeas,This game is the real fallout 3.
,Not Recommended,250520,28857120,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gravelfoot,"There is a high chance you will not like this game.My reason why I belive this to be the case:This review is spoiler free.My angle on this game:I love hard games. I love having to figure out how to beat them. I have played every rpg I could get my hands on and I have not had a problem with their difficulty, only their quality. And I mean everything from the ancient Champions of Krynn, the old Gothic games, up to the modern day rpgs like Dark Souls and Xulima.Why is this important? Because it is important to know, that I don't shy away from a challenge. What does make me step away from an rpg is bad gameplay. And this game has almost nothing but.TL;DR:The game is an unbalanced mess that punishes you every time you even dare to think you are about to have any fun. The combat thinks ""hard"" is synonymous with ""unfair"" which makes nearly all combat a miserable experience. The story and quests starts out interesting but very quickly peter out and become almost MMO-bad.Difficulty:This game is hard. But it is not hard in the way that Dark Souls is hard -- where you just have to get to know the game to be able to beat it. This game is hard the way that digging through a mountain using only a spoon is hard.In other words, it is frustrating.Character creation (stats):The game starts out asking you to make a character. This is fairly standard, and usually the stats have an influence on your overall character, and a good stat distribution can give you an edge.In Underrail a bad stat distribution effectively stops you from playing the way you want and essentially means you have to restart and make a new character. Why? Because stats lock you out of using weapons and armour and nearly all feats (akin to Fallout perks) have high stat requirements. You need the right feats to not be screwed later in the game.Unless you know before starting what build you want at max level, you will almost assuredly get it very wrong.Character creation (skills):On top of this, the game has you distributing 120 skill points among 22 skills. Again, most rpg games make initial skill distribution a non-problem by having the initial amount be negligible so that errors at creation means near nothing later on.In Underrail skill checks are straight number comparisons with no chance involved. So if you have 99 points in diplomacy and the difficulty is 100, you may as well have had 0. Since the required numbers keep climbing all through the game, this means, that if you don't keep maxing out the skills you want to use, they are nigh useless.If you place any of your 120 starting points incorrectly those points are effectively wasted and whatever skills aren't maxed as a result of your wasted points are ineffective bordering on useless.You need to treat the skills as toggles. Choose those you want and keep them topped up. There is no middle ground even though the game gives you the illusion that there is. It is a badly designed system.Quests / writing:Once the game starts, you slowly start doing the standard RPG errand boy grind. I don't mind that -- you are the new dude and it's a tried and true way of getting the player to move along the story. You can get a decent amount of story bits from people if you want to, and initially the story seems interesting.Once the game opens up a bit, the writing quickly takes a turn for the worse. It is hard to go into detail without spoiling, but it seemed like people became more and more one-sided and uninteresting along with the type of quests you had to do.Exploration:It's a big game. And from the very start you are allowed to explore everywhere.This would be nice, if the game let you see more than a few steps farther than your aggro range. All exploration is punishing because if you move too far in the wrong direction you aggro a pack of enemies and die. If you move slowly to avoid this, the fact that enemies roam will kill you more times than you can count.So if you don't know beforehand where all the enemy packs are, you will most likely die to every one of them.Even with maxed out stealth, you will get killed more times than you can count because the game puts stealthed high-level enemies behind pillars, so that you have no possible way of seeing them before you are standing right next to them. It is infuriating level design that punishes you for what should be a fun exploration of an exiting new world.Combat:This is the worst part of the game in my opinion. Mostly because it seems to rely almost entirely on precognition.Nothing about the fights is fun or engaging. Most of them have you dying in 2 rounds unless you know beforehand all about what is going to happen. Many you have to cheese in one way or another to have any chance.You are one person and most combat is against 2-4 enemies. Most enemies use stuns which means you are dead before you recover. Unless you know beforehand where all the enemies are and what each of them will do, so you can kill the ones that stun or instakill first.It is such a miserable experience.The game all but forces you to rely heavily on grenades to have any chance at all in many fights. Doesn't matter if you didn't want to spend a ton of skill points on the throw skill; you have to. And you probably also should spend just as much on the trap skill since that lets you kill enemies that patrol -- their allies will forget about it after a few seconds.The explosives in this game are so massively overpowered, that you have to wait 4 turns before you are able to throw another. 4 turns is enough time for you to die twice, as stated above.One way of playing the game is by using stealth and daggers, since it allows you to sneak up to someone, kill them in front of everyone, run back behind a corner and stealth. The enemies quickly will forget you just murdered their friend and you can repeat the process.I could go on and on, about the things I find badly implemented in the combat, but I will leave it at that. The combat is just not fun; it is just an all-round miserable experience.Audio:The music started out quite good and it helped set the mood of the story, but after a few hours felt a bit repetitive. This isn't helped by the fact that many areas have dogs that are incessantly barking and almost all areas have a low-frequency hum of old neon light tubes, which after a while feels like someone taking a fork to a whiteboard.XP:The xp system is the one thing I adore about this game since it relies on exploration in stead of giving you xp for combat. You get xp by finding certain items around the world -- either in containers or in someone's pockets. Very nice system.Bad thing about it is the level cap, which you will reach a good bit before you reach the end of the game.Trading:You will pick up loads and loads of items in this game. And while you want to just offload them, so you can get on with your quests, the game has implemented trading in such a way that you have to spend hours just to sell some of it.There is a horde of traders, who each want to buy a tiny amount of things randomly chosen from specific and restrictive ""I want to buy"" lists. And the things and amounts they want to buy refreshes after time spent in game. And we are talking 1-2 hours in-game. If you really need money, you either have to spend hours walking back and forth between vendors trying to sell items or have to just let the game stay open in the background while you do something else.It is such a bad system, that I have a hard time understanding why someone would ever think to put it in a game."
,Recommended,250520,27718305,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Felix Mortem,"UnderRail is the absolute gem of the CRPG revival and one of the best games in recent years.In development since 2008 and with nearly all the groundwork being laid by one man, UnderRail is an impressive achievement. There's no way to talk about UnderRail without mentioning its obvious influence of Fallout 1 and 2. UnderRail is driven by its unrelenting worship of the classic Fallout games. From the moment you launch the game it's easy to see this influence permeating the dark caverns of UnderRail's world. If you like those games then UnderRail is such an easy recommendation.I don't want that to detract from UndeRail's own strengths though. It is definitely old-school at heart but it brings a lot of its own ideas to the table. The combat follows the turn-based formula but it has a lot of variety to it. With guns, bows, melee and a suite of different psi-based abilities, there are a lot of options when it comes to combat. This is something that I think the big-name Action RPGs of recent years have really got wrong, so it's refreshing to see that yet again the ostensibly old-school CRPGs are outdoing their bigger and shinier cousins. Not to mention that just avoiding combat is very viable too.A big part of UnderRail's interest stems from the deep mechanics. On the surface it's a standard CRPG but there's so much more to it. The Oddity XP system promotes stealth and non-combat, as well as exploration. The crafting system is multi-layered and there's plenty of dialog systems. It's a game with so many smart little tricks up its sleeve and a lot of its own nuances.Another point of interest is that UnderRail is brilliantly gloomy. Whilst Planescape: Torment is the titan when it comes to surreal doom and gloom and a constant feeling of dread, UnderRail gives it a good challenge. The ruined world is a dreary place, with a repetitive soundtrack amplifying otherwordly aspect of the game. The fittingly named Stygian Software have done a fantastic job of immersing you in your travels through the River Styx of UnderRail's world.I honestly don't have many complaints. The game is hard and not easy to get to grips with, with the map being absolutely huge. It's quite easy to get lost, which I suppose adds to the immersion but not including an in-game map is still needlessly obtuse. I've seen complaints with the main story but I think that so many great RPGs suffer from this and it's more a design choice if anything. Fallout 1's main story was pretty simple too, which only allowed for greater freedom in the side quests and character arcs. It's not super heavy on grognard-esque stats and numbers and the general clunkiness only adds to the old-school charm. The inventory is definitely a bit of a hassle sometimes and crafting is not explaned well. The production values are not high, with there being no voice acting, which I honestly consider a positive for this type of game. The graphics are not technically impressive but the art style and lighting is excellently used.To conclude, this game is a must-buy for any RPG fan, 100% so for any fan of Fallout 1/2 and Planescape: Torment. All in all, I think this game has not got the attention it deserves. It's definitely destined for cult classic status, akin to 2009's Inquisitor. I'm rather amazed that the small Serbian-based team of Stygian Software managed to craft something of such a high calibre. Take a journey into the cavernous depths of UnderRail."
76561198006276098,Recommended,250520,31057103,Posted: 10 April,all,Samurai Cop,"Maybe one of the most addicting games I've played in a long time. Much of the game leaves you open to just wander and explore. Hunting loot and whatever else comes your way. A bit more exploration and combat than story based. Although you will find alot of dialogue to go through as well.The morals of this world are a very rusty shade. So don't expect not to be forced to make some cruel decisions at times without certain consequences. There is no real perfect ""Mr. Nice"" guy type of way to always conduct yourself. The game really doesn't try to hold your hand or pull punches either.If you're smart about what you invest your skill points in it's not to hard to overcome. But you can pretty much make it impossible to defeat the end boss, if you're not careful about planning your character. If you just toss points around at a whim you'll probably come to a roadblock sooner than later.Obviously it draws certain ideas from some of the older unforgiving rpg's of the past. Fallout, Shadowrun and the original Diablo being a couple of the easiest to spot. But you'll also find vibes of games like System Shock as well.There is somewhat of a ""quick travel"" system that will take you to the various main population centers as you go. But be prepared to do alot of trekking back and forth on foot. This does become monotonous at certain points. Having to hike through the same several screens sometimes gets a bit tiresome. Especially if you're overloaded by hauling loot to sell at shops. There are a few items that try to alleviate this but walking speed can be fairly slow.Probably would have been nice to see the inclusion of some kind of auto-mapping system to chart out the areas you've already explored. Just to help avoid confusion and save a bit of time.If you're not familiar with these styles of games be prepared to do a bit of reading first to learn how to build proper characters. And if you already are you'll probably be pleasantly pleased with this fairly unique gaming effort in the modern age.It's a pretty long game if you commit yourself to taking on all the sidequests and explore the world to its edge. It certainly gives you your money's worth for the price. Probably a game that can keep you busy for weeks or months depending on how much time you put in per session. Well worth the price.Also Rathound King! 'Nuff said!"
,Recommended,250520,19911180,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pure Psycho,"I've always been a big fan of the cyberpunk and post-apocalyptic genres. From Deus-ex, to System Shock, the original Fallouts and Wasteland. I've played and loved them all. Underrail is a great hybrid of these genres, it's like a spiritual successor to the original Fallouts, with the same kind of humor and attention to detail.Pros-Great Soundtrack that will remind you of Fallout, Deus-Ex and System Shock 2 (But still very unique and fitting)-Skill system is very well done and balanced-Combat is challenging and allows for very creative strategies based on your playstyle-The UnderRail is an interesting place and exploration well worth it-The Stealth system is very well done and allows for even more tactical planning, from sneaking through vents, to Hit-and-Run strikes as well as insta-kill sneak attacks and trapping.-Lots of great references and humour-Great crafting system with a huge amount of variety and optionsCons-The story while interesting, is a little generic-The RNG can be aggravating, causing you too miss an 80% chance-to-hit strike 4 turns in a row or turning an easy fight into a tense situation by giving the enemy a 10 hit string of criticals for no apparent reason-Quest direction can be incredibly vague sometimes, barely giving you an idea where to start looking, or giving you♥♥♥♥♥♥poor directions to the location you need to reachIn summary, if you are looking for an old-school RPG experience or are a fan of the original fallout games, UnderRail will become a classic for you. So much care and balance has been put into this game that it now has a permanent place along-side the classics."
,Recommended,250520,32234415,Posted: 7 June,all,scifiducky,"This game is excellent.  I haven't finished my first play-through (full psi) but recently started an unarmed character to change it up.I wanted to address a few of the critiques of this game.DIFFICULTYI should start by saying I've only played on the default difficulty (medium I think). Neither of my characters is min-maxed (though with extra points I got my psi fighter up to 10 Willpower).  The unarmed fighter has been a cake-walk up to level 12.  The psi fighter was somewhat difficult at the beginning but became very powerful about mid-game and haven't met any serious challenges up to level 25 (as mentioned, not done yet).  Yes, there was a lot of trial and error, most of which was just learning how to best use my skills, but there were very few instances where it was all a matter of quick-loading and getting lucky.  Most of the time I changed tactics to win, rather than hoping the enemies would get unlucky.  The right equipment makes all the difference.  You can pretty much prepare defenses for any scenario by equipping different armor (and later sheilds [I don't consider this a spoiler since you can see sheild strength on characters in the starting area]).  Depending on your skills, you can also set traps, effectively use grenades, caltrops, etc. to even the odds.  Starting the battles on your own terms (i.e. near cover if you're ranged, or around the corner when enemies are close if you're melee) can also swing the battle in your favor.  There are a suprisingly vast number of combat options available to players for all types of situations, you just need to know how to use them.MAPSNot having maps is annoying.  It's also a great component of the game.  I found myself being just as elated when finding my way or connecting two cave systems as completing some quests.  This is a game of exploration, and maps would detract from that.  If you roam around long enough all the locations start to make sense (and you will if you don't fast-travel everywhere).  I'm not sure how useful a map would be anyway given how many vertical levels there are, but this can definitely be a turn-off.  I hated the lack of maps at first, but later embraced the exploration theme and am happy with it now.PLOTThere is totally a plot.  What the heck?  Depending on your actions, there are actually multiple plots.  Moreover, many people are complaining that this is an unforgettable world, or that it lacks character.  My guess is that these people didn't stop to take the time to engage with the people in each area.  The dialogue is quite good, there's some of the zanyness of the original Fallout games but with much better writing.  The characters you interact with all have a vivid description, and, for this type of game, feel like actual personalities.  The writing is also very thoughtful at times and the people you talk to really seem to have a place in that world.This game isn't perfect.  I agree out of combat running is very slow (but then again if you went too fast you'd probably hit every trap).  I hate when I try to target someone and instead I accidentally click the carcass they are standing on and waste all my action points looting a corpse.  Late in the game the action for my psi fighter was becomming very repetitive (which is why I started a new character to give myself a break).  But despite these and some other flaws, this game is challenging but beatable, a lot of fun, intricate, thoughtful and rewarding. And cheap.  10/10."
,Not Recommended,250520,22400193,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SadSteve,"One word can describe Underrail : Tedious.With that out of the way, I would say that the first part of this game is very enjoyable and I really thought it would become a game that I would play over and over. The quests are a reasonable introduction to the world and it's mechanics and early fights are a decent challenge. The oddity system is really fresh and encourages exploration and makes looting random places really exciting and rewardingAll of that changes after you find the drill parts and the world becomes fully explorable. For some strange reason, the writing takes a huge turn for the worse. Quest motivation is essentially non-existant beyond ""This is a generically dangerous situation and you're the new guy so you have to do it."" There is no world map so the exploration all of a sudden becomes incredibly overwhelming and turns into a save scum fest. The only way to continue exploring the rest of the world is to bring inventory space killing TNT charges wherever you go and hoping you didn't accidently waste one on a place you can't explore because then that would mean walking all the way back to town to get more. Walking back to town is tedious in itself because a lot of the wild-life type monsters respawn and if you don't invest in stealth, you have to fight them all over again, both ****ing ways.Speaking of going back to town. There is a lot of backtracking and unncessary traveling in this game. The merchants only buy so much of your loot, so even if you bring a whole fresh batch of loot to town, you more likely than not still need to bring it back to whatever place you designate as storage. In addition to that, their stock is determined randomly. Despite having a great crafting system, the extra tedium in trying to find a crafting component of good quality quickly becomes frustrating. It's huge lost potential for a game that focuses so heavily on crafting.The combat is rough. Very rough. If you again, don't invest in stealth early, prepare to save scum a lot. Many of the enemies pack stuns, immobilizes, action point reduction skills or a combination of all of them. One unfortunately timed stun usually means a quick reload. The only way to circumvent that is to always have the jump on your enemies, which you need to rely on RNG for. It's fun to get challenged, it's tedious to constantly reload a fight just becuase the game is unbalanced.Even if you slog through the entire game. You'll find the final encounter is one huge **** you. It is a backtracking hell for a puzzle that makes the boss bearable, assuming you've built your character correctly from the start of the game.Underrail has great potential but it definitely needs a whole slew of quality of life improvements to cut back the immense amount of tedium before it can really be a great game."
,Recommended,250520,10194209,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ShaggyBuffalo,"This game, by far, has been the best Early Access game I have bought on steam. I love getting Early Access games, but there are always flaws that make me question why this game should be bought. This game shouldn't even be early access because there are no bugs (from how much I've played), and the gameplay so far has been amazing. Not only this, but the fact that this is my first turned based rpg and I am having so much fun, is enough for me to go out and buy this game for even 20$. If you have 10$ to spare, or just looking for a game to get later on, this should be your new game to experience."
,Recommended,250520,25589908,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,stadi0,"TLDR: I love this game. I would recomend Underrail to anyone who liked the gameplay of the orginal Fallouts. Same style, different story. It is a very complete game with hours of content. I'm at 45hrs currently and havnt completed most of the story(ies).What I like:-It is hard.-It doesn't hold your hand and explain everything.-It requires thought and exploration.-Combat situations are varied and exciting.-There are violent and non-violent resolutions to problems.-Locations are well designed.-Lots of developed NPC's.-NPC's have their own attitudes viewpoints and personalities.-Lots of dialogue options (checkpoints included).-Traps and Stealth are awesome for combat prep.-Did I mention that it's hard? Very hard. And it is a good thing.What I dislike:-How are you going to create a labrynth of underground metro tunnels and not provide a map?????? Anyway, there is an excellent map just a google search away. I would recommend having it up while you play."
76561197970412123,Recommended,250520,23370018,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SLAJDARN,"Modernized version of ""what should have been fallout 3"".Pleasant gfx, sfx and story.It could have had more tracks and plot branches in late game though.Does not hold your hand in game mechanics and solution solving that much, which is on most occations a good thing.One exception would probably be the Exitus puzzle, I figure many people ragequit from this one.Difficulty is extremly uneven, especially for your first unguided playthrough.I would rate this half a point below fallout 1+2.8/10"
,Recommended,250520,20287923,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DICKFLIP MC60,">be psi-monk>open door>room is full of enemies>gain initiative and immediately invoke an AOE enrage spell>whole room goes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, starts massacring each other>back out quickly in the chaos and lock door behind me>mfw i realize this game is the best i've played all year"
76561198027748168,Not Recommended,250520,18390107,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,baby_daddy,"As it currently stands, I would say wait to purchase this title.The game shows great promise, and its clear that there is much love and care going into it from the developer, however the game is not well balanced and most people I believe will find it a frustrating experience, especially in the beginning. I really wanted to believe all these glowing reviews but I think many people are looking at this game through rose tinted glasses.Whats good: The combat sound effects are nice and impactful. The combat itself is decent, not amazing but good. There are a large number of skills that can be learned. There is a unique level up system that can be interesting (not sure I love it but I am sure many will). There is an almost overwhelming number of items to be found and used in the game (for crafting, tools, weapons, etc.).Whats not great: You are an army of one, there are no followers or companions in this game (that I have found anyway). There are many weapons...but you wont be able to use most of them AT ALL initially because there is an arbitrary skill level requirement in place... a skill level requirement even for basic assault rifles that you wont hit probably until level 5-6. The combat is HARD for a newbie. You will quickly run out of low level creatures to level up on in the starting area and if you wont develop your character perfectly you will need to start over as you will get stuck, unable to defeat the more powerful enemies in surrounding areas.While the combat is fun it is missing some things that would make it great, such as a cover mechanic, or positions like prone or crouched. Most enemies will make short work of you, even with good armor and a decent weapon you will get overwhelmed by numbers quite often. It is very easy to wander beyond the confines of what your character can handle without the most thoughtful and dedicated build. I appreciate challenging combat but it would be nice if there was a mix of challenges, rather than everything being in♥♥♥♥♥♥mode.The economy is poor, shop keepers will charge outrageous prices for staples like bullets and bandages. We are talking like trading your pristine handgun, a set a armor, and a substantial amount of money for like 10 bandages or a handful of bullets. Additionally, shopkeepers wont take just any old thing in trade, only certain items that they want or need. That means you need to find a specific shop keeper to get rid of junk, or you wont be selling it at all. Mercantile skill does not seem to help either, perhaps not working yet?The story so far is underwhelming me. In fact there doesnt seem to be much of a story at all, just missions that you do for your home base. However I am going to reserve judgement here as I have only gotten to the Junkyard which I assume is pretty early in the game. Similarly though, the dialogue seems pretty limited and I dont seem to be building any interesting relationships with...well ANY of the characters in the game. This also might be something that opens up later on, so I am reserving judgement there too for the moment.The graphics are intentionally retro. I am neutral on this wave of ""authentic"" old school graphics in games, it doesnt bother me but  I also dont kneel down and praise the limited pixel gods when I see them. I personally would prefer more colorful graphics and more/better character animations but I dont think the gameplay is hampered by them. All in all graphics seem to hold up conistently through the different characters and locations in the game which is nice.I was not a fan of the music so I turned that down low after not too long. It wasnt bad, just a bit repetitive and not really my style.This has the potential to be a really excellent game, its just not there quite yet."
76561198088899050,Recommended,250520,20862472,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ClawlessVictory,"After coming to grips with the sometimes frustrating difficulty, I feel like UnderRail is a worthy successor to the first two Fallout games, and much like the original Fallout, it seems that UnderRail is destined to dwell in obscurity and catch on later through word of mouth recommendations.  Unfortunately, the retro-presentation is likely to scare away most players who are used to playing triple A titles, and that's too bad, because while the game might be light on plot and dialogue, the turn-based combat is excellent and the exploration is addicting.  For about 15 bucks, you get a massive subterranean world to explore, a plethora of skills to experiment with and a wide range of character creation options that allow for several play-throughs if one desires.  In summation, there are many pro's and very few con's.  Totally recommended!"
,Recommended,250520,22681323,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Onkel Stinkern' McMøkkakjeller,"CRPG Gem that seems to have received far less notice than it should have.First a few bullet points, and at the end of this review, a conclusion.The good parts:- Post apocalyptic setting (yes, I regard this as universally good in its own right)- Interesting story with very good storytelling techniques. Starts off slow, and gradually builds suspense.- Diverse and interesting combat build choices- Retro graphics that are just ugly enough to look like actual old-school grapics, but good-looking enough that you never have any trouble understanding what you are looking at- Tons of characters with lots of dialogue, for the most part very well written (though I have seen other reviews say the exact opposite)- Fun and challenging combat system- Crafting skills that are actually good- Very cool and immersive atmosphere- Very good soundtrack, think Fallout1&2-esque ambient music(sorry, Fallout had to be mentioned eventually)- Diverse quests, ranging from ""kill these guys"" to ""infiltrate a base and help a prisoner escape"" to ""do detective work to solve a murder"", and everything in betweenThe parts you might not like:- Large and at times maze-like underground layout with no ingame map. Some people like this, some people don't. Expect to get lost every now and again, but also expect to discover flavourful nooks of the game world that aren't necessary to progress, yet offers something- Backtracking, lots of it- Quests that really do not hold your hand, with somewhat limited information on the wiki should you get stuck- Min-maxing of attributes and skill points to some degree mandatory for a successful character- Endgame can be confusing, daunting, and has even more backtracking, but is very interesting in atmosphere and dramaturgical escalation. I spent a good hour reading computer chatlogs in an abandoned research facility, completely absorbed by how each conversational fragment shed more and more light on what exactly was going on there, but never quite giving it away. The best stories are often told by having your imagination fill in the blank spots. This is a cool storytelling technique that has every player end up with their own favoured interpretation of events.The conclusion: If you are looking for a CRPG with a very good story, good atmosphere, good and challenging combat, no hand-holding, no quest markers, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, get this game.If you are looking for a game with any of: polish, modern graphics, fast travel, clear unambiguous quests, forgiving combat, voice acting, cinematics, not having to read a lot of text, realtime combat, this game might not be for you.Seriously though, buy this game. It might be my personal GOTY for 2015."
,Not Recommended,250520,19797512,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,OptoNick,"After almost ~170 hours in game, most of which were driven only by my perseverance, I have to change my review to negative. Old review that was written after ~10 hours in game is placed below.So, the only pros of this game are roleplaying system, basically slightly revised old Fallouts' system, and crafting system. They are interesting and engaging, no gripes.But the game is ruined by its gamedesign and narrative. It has huge territory and very few quests, and almost all of them located inside a few hubs. No kidding, 90% of game world is an endless labyrinths of look-alike caves/labs/stations with no quest-related content; pure dungeon-crawling and grinding. But in some cases you could actually break quests if you would explore certain locations too early, so you have to grind with caution and check the playthrough before entering another abandoned facility.So, time distribution of my ~170 hours in game feels like this:- 40% - lengthy logistics runs through empty locations between loot stashes and merchants (it's a chore even inside the hubs)- 40% - grinding in the caves/abandoned facilities/subway lines for the reward of couple of level-ups and two broken quests.- 20% - completing actual quests (which are also sometimes have troubles with design and backtracking for the sake of backtracking).And the narrative is just plain bad in every aspect. I can't remember the names of majority of the characters that I'd met week ago, all of them are completely one-dimensional, and the lack of unique portraits/models for them doesn't help as well. Main storyline is ""go there, check WTF is happening"" without any real motivations behind it. And the world lore could be fully expressed in one sentence: ""Postapocalyptic (what was the apocalypse, BTW?) underworld community was dominated by one megacorporation that fell apart (reasons for that is also unknown)"".I give up, this game is bloated with low-quality filler content beyond any reasonable limits. I've tried.6/10, for die-hard fans of dungeon-crawlers with RPG elements.===================================================Old review:Well, it's not from the same league with Fallout 1-2 and recent Shadowrun games, but still a decent RPG.- Loot variety and crafting system are quiet deep. Non-combat stuff feels more diverse.- Skills and perk...ahem, I mean, skills and feats with cross-related synergies are nice, too.- Sometimes it actually delivers that 'post-apocalypse in cyberpunk-ish underworld' feeling which is meant to be here.- All of the above-mentioned traits are enough to trap you for a long time here.But:- Exploration and scavenging are way more interesting than grinding in fights, though it's still inevitable. So there's a bright side and a downside in that. It falls in the same trap where most of single-hero RPGs eventually ends up - you will stuck with your character build, and, therefore, general combat abilities and tactics for a dozens of hours, and variety of tools helps with it only partially. But they had tried.- There are two systems for gaining xp: combat-based and exploration-based. BUT you can't use both, had to choose one of them at the start of the game. Weird decision, because half of the character traits automatically became less useful. Merging it into one mechanics with little rebalancing would add even more depth.- Story, world-building, quests, dialogues and characters are 'meh' at best.7,5-8/10"
76561198104250553,Recommended,250520,19280520,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,aav2141,"1 part Avernum, 2 parts Fallout 1.  Overall a great game.  I have not seen much of a plot so far (e.g. save us from _____), but to be honest I don't care and it is still early access.  To me it feels like you are living the life of someone just trying to survive and find their way in a post apocalyptic world.  The high point for me is crafting system.  With the right skill and diagrams you can create a weapon and if you don't like it diassemble it to create a whole new one.  I maybe wrong but I can't think of another game that gives you the freedom to do that.  The combat can be brutally hard at times and you can easily get in over your head, but I never felt like it was not something that I could not figure out on my own using different tactics for enemies.  Anyways if you are a fan of the Fallout 1 & 2 or Avernum 1-6, buy this one.  You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,250520,33296177,Posted: 5 July,all,DEUS VULT,"Graphics, sounds, music are what you would expect from a indie game that wants to capture the feeling of some 90s games, and it did it really well, so thumbs up here.I had fun for the first 50h, when suddenly the game's difficulty exploded. I know that the game is purposely made really hard and challenging, but having played all of the Fallout games from 1 to 4 I would consider myself not too dumb for a game like this.What I really see as the worst game design is to make enemies completely overpowered to make a game challenging. Mid-late game Underrail is absolutely ridiculous in this department. Enemies have probably 4 times the action points that I have. That doesn't sound all too horrible for someone who isn't familiar with these games, but let me illustrate my current gameplay:Imagine you see an enemy. He is just some dude in a leather jacket. You are in a big spiked steel armor that provides you great defensive stats. With this heavy armor you can't run as far as that guy in combat, so you shoot him once to get his attention and hide behind some crates so he can come up to you while you switch to a big sledgehammer.Then he completely closes the distance to you, takes out his knife and proceed to first cripple your arm and reduce your strength for 5 turns (which is really really long), so that you lose nearly 70% chance of hitting him with your hammer. His crippling strike has no cooldown time by the way and can stack up, further decreasing your chance to hit him. Directly after crippling you, he unleashs a flurry of 5-6 knife attacks, bringing you down to 40% health. All that happens in just one turn.In comparison, you can run maybe a quarter of the distance and then you're out of action points. If you don't move at all, you can swing your hammer twice before you're out of AP. You're hammer does maybe 1.5x the damage as his knife by the way. You can also get the Crippling Strike ability, but for you it has a 1 turn cooldown :^)Even if you remove all your clothes, put on some shoes and eat some steak that gives you extra AP, you can close up to him, but not attack him.That is basically my gameplay at the moment. Now I've read several times this uhm ... advice, that maybe your character build turns out to not be good enough to beat the game and you should start over again. While I, as I said, enjoyed the game the first 50h, I really can't be arsed to put in another 50h from the start and maybe screw it up again.What this all amounts to is this: Are you masochistic enough to save, load, die, save, load, die for 1 hour so that your steel armor guy with a sledgehammer can finally kill a leather jacket drug addict with a knife?Personally I will continue until I beat the game so that I can say I didn't give up and been there, done that. But after the credits Underrail will immediately be uninstalled and hidden from the library list.Edit:I will never give pity points just because it was an indie team who made it. I see a game for what it is: a game. I would have given it a neutral if Steam would let me, since 50h of enjoyment is great. But when there is probably another 50h of game time left that is pure hell, I really can't give it a positive. You should be able to complete a game having fun the whole time, because that's what games are for: fun.I wouldn't call it a ""masterpiece"" either when some game logic is complete bonkers:You join the main organization that keeps most of the areas safe from dangers and the first assignment you get is to clear a leather jacket and knifes wielding gangster infested warehouse in the biggest city, alone without any support as in gear, items or npcs?Or how a Private knows about classified information, but can't tell me about it, the Corporal?Or how someone from your first organization wants 2000 charons (which is quite a lot) so he can repair a device that he can use to start his own gang, and as a reward he gives you an item that is worse than a vendor one and is worth 300 charons?Just to name a few.Underrail has many fun and good points, but nearly equally frustating and bad points. I can only recommend it for die hard Fallout, post-apocalyptic, struggle-for-survival game fans. The average gamer should simply avoid it and stick to the original Fallout games."
,Recommended,250520,19772045,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Toothy Monster,Brings back Memories of Fallout 1 and 2. Fun game and Just out of early access and well worth the price.
76561198053961876,Recommended,250520,16893888,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,iLLFated,"10/10Approximately 0.0 spoilers in here, folks.Hey there readers! If you're a fan of isometric greatness or even just RPGs in particular, I'd totally suggest Underrail as a purchase. The character creation process has a lot of options, but not so much that your head will explode. Enough however that no two of your characters will ever be the same. Unless you do it on purpose to spite me, in which case...well played, sir or madam.A solid selection of weapons and modifications for them, as well as the variety of armor. The use of Psionics as opposed to magic in most games is fun, and quite potent as well. Plenty of space to move around in and not so much that you find yourself nodding off hauling a bag of blood covered shiny things back to an outpost. The Alpha status honestly shouldn't even be there, as the game itself has more to offer than most released games!There's even a neat little experience system unique to the game based on your research and gained knowledge of certein enemies and the past around you, but also the option to kick it old school and get experience from actions and combat. Smoothe gaming, minimal bugs (and none game breaking either,) and a when they update they do nothing but throw greatness at us.Support these guys, the game and the group are worth it. They took an old idea and made it their own, it's a beautiful thing."
76561197971795109,Recommended,250520,9038457,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Scootershawk,"Thank you for your interesting game. Here are some of my impressions after about 10 hrs of play:Likes:- Good clean isometric graphics- Interesting world and back story- ""Oddity"" experience gain, avoids unnecessary kill farming drudgeryNot my cup of tea (your results may vary):- Profusion of gun calibers, diversity seemed to confuse effectiveness of weapon choice- Crafting didn't feel integrated and/or complementary to the game in that: a) schematics didn't make much you couldn't loot, b) skilling up crafting took away from needed combat skills c) cross skills needed to make items- Some quests not clear (what did that guy tell me to do - not in the notebook), I found myself going to forums several times to find out what had to be done- Inventory bloat, lots of items don't sell and not much to be done with themOverall impression is positive - keep up the good work."
76561198027819327,Recommended,250520,20506495,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jayne_Cobb,"UnderRailUnderRail might just be the closest thing to a Fallout 1&2 and Arcanum spiritual successor.It is tough as nails and quiet different from the former titles. But what it has, are deepunderlying mechanics, interactivity and choices that actually DO have consequences.The character creation system allows for substantial different approaches.Stealth, Close Combat, Ranged, PSI, Diplomat, Crafting, nothing is obligatory,you can specialise in one skill, a set of skills, leave something out, that doesn'tfit your playing style. The tactical turn-based combat feels somewherebetween Fallout (1/2) and Jagged Alliance.You have the choice between two ways to gain experience. The intendedway, with oddities, which you find, discover in hidden places and/or stealfrom people. Or the classic way, getting experience for encounters.The oddity system is well balanced and gives depth to the experience.If you have been looking for a turn-based PC Role-Playing game,with the kind of depth that hasn't been around anymore, to sinkhours and hours in, this might just be up your alley."
76561197972259265,Recommended,250520,20317819,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,toots,"I followed Underrail for the years it was in early access with passing interest, after being sort of let down with other games claiming to be the heir to former CRPG legends (Wasteland 2 I'm looking at you) this seemed to be aiming for something impossible, a feeling that could never be attained again.I bought and played the release this December and I've been hooked ever since.  The game conjures that magic spell that I remembered from so long ago, that feeling of being a lone wanderer in a strange world discovering its quirks and culture.  Unlike the modern Fallouts you are not a hero of renown or suddenly promoted to the head of an organisation you just found out about within the last 10 minutes, you're more of a drifter travelling the world and discovering settlements and people who don't really care if you live or die - but - if you could go and explore that abandoned warehouse full of Rathounds and Sentry Bots that'd be super cool, thanks.Think Fallout, think Deus Ex and Thief even - this game is the real deal, it's fun to play and explore in a richly detailed world.  The creator of this game (One guy!  One guy made this huge deep game!) deserves to make alot of money from this, I need to see what he does after this so please do give him your support!"
76561197995279399,Recommended,250520,20465174,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Waffe677,"This is one little beautiful game.I have played quite a lot of the lately isometric RPGs inspired (or not so much) by the nineties, such as PoE, Serpent in the Staglands, Age of Decadence, the Shadowrun serie, Divinity: Original Sins and Sword Coast Legends (which I hardly perceived as a rpg, but that's another story).With this one, we got ourselves a winner.To begin with, I started to play it craving for something falloutish, knowing that such a thing could not be delivered by bethesda. I was looking for that retro-looking style with the modern mechanics so much needed after years of gaming that undoubtely evolved in that direction.I needed to play a revisited, improved version of Fallout 1 & 2.That's what Underrail is NOT. Whereas It takes what is good of this serie (and many others, but we are bound to look in that direction, I guess), it drags it into its own (not so innovative, yet quite fascinating) world, with its lore and claustrophobia.It got me because:The underground playground created by Stygian is quite everything I had been hoping for a sci-fi/cyber punk inspired game: it has the freedom, the rpg-oriented gameplay, the beautifully made (and I mean, astonishingly beautifully) crafting system, a skill/features system that finally makes some sense (yet it could be quite punitive if one fails to grasps the basic chemistry between certain stats and perks), no voice acting (bad?) and extremely intresting and fun dialogues.The vendor system? Brilliant. I read some complaining about them merchants being too picky for someone who's living underground. Well, I'd say that being the one with the goods in a decayed environment, I'd be the mean♥♥♥♥♥♥deciding wheter to buy or not your rusty shovel - and I probably would not.Someone else is not entirely cool with the respawn system either.To be fair, I actually had not realized how good this was was before reading these complaints. They had me thinking about it, and only then I realized how balanced, effective and yet realistic the gimmick was: simply put, if you kill a bandit, a robot (basically, anything that does not breed in the open, or at all), you will have their rotting remnants tainting the soil for quite a long time (litterally, you'll have to stride on your victims decayed body over and over), without them respawning EVER (at least for my previous 30+ hours of game), while killing vermins will not prevent their progeny to harass you on your next stroll in their neighborhood.Beacuse, you know, scavengers DO lay eggs, rats DO have hidden nests, and so forth.And this is just plain brilliant. Unlike the africans in Far Cry 2, which according to ubisoft, lay eggs in their camphounds.Technically speaking, the graphics are nothing special, if nothing at all, yet they manage to get you inside the world of Underrail effectively. I daresay that they work just as fine as those in Project Zomboid, which never failed to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me regardless of their pixelated windowpanes.It got me despite:The game could and should be more fast paced under certain aspects: the character has no means of running or using some ""ride"" to get to places quickly. Yes, you get faster spending points in certain skills, but imo you stay way too slow throughout the game.Anyway, this works just fine with the overall ""groove"" of the game (and for once, you don't have your toon jogging his whole time through the entire game like a crazed marathon man), I'd just like it to be a little faster.The AI is really smart, and the encounters with the NPCs could have presented a real challenge, was it not for the fast load function: I run through apparently desperate and overwhelming situations just by sheer luck; namely, I put tons of mines and granades between me and those trying to stop me, and load after load I got them all where I wanted them to come.Being a ""one-man-army"" kind of game this is easily acceptable and understandable, but I cannot fail to see the lack of tactical depth in such a move, which I delibartely used many times to go past otherwise unsolvable situations. I think of a game like Serpent in the Staglands, where no matter how fast (or not) you loaded from the bloody corpses of your comrades, you had to think of something better than a Save File to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that pack of foxes.Not that SitS is anywhere close in enjoyability to UR, but that gets you to the point.Navigating in the game could be a little frustrating (you will quite often struggle to point your cursor where you want due to the isometric nature of the game), but thankfully the highlight button helps in lessening this nuissance. It does fix it completely, but maybe having being able to change angle could have been a nice entry, too.I unfortunately had my previous save files corrupted by the realease of the final version of the game (oh dear, an early access which actually delivers?!), reason enough for me to stay quite silent about the story that, anyway, didn't seem too interesting or inspired. The world and everything works, just beacuse of the gameplay and the beautifully dark and oppressive feeling of the whole  thing, the EU/NATO kinda of thingy going on down there is really well thought (unlike, imo, in METRO2033), but the reasons why you are doing everything? To me, that really did not matter.Overall, I'd say that this game is a precious gem with some venial takedowns.Keep in mind that this review was made playing the the early access version of the game, I'll update as soon as I get to play the final version.But, having been that good before the final release, can you fetch yourselves an excuse not to buy it now?edit. typos"
,Recommended,250520,19769147,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Hobo Elf,"Fallout and Arcanum. That used to be two of my most favorite isometric RPGs. Now that list has changed to Fallout, Arcanum and UnderRail. It's a similar game to Fallout in that it uses it as a well of inspiration, but it's still very different than Fallout. It is its own game in every way possible. It's also one of the best cRPGs I've played in a decade."
,Recommended,250520,20930261,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,▲ S a n g i . E x E ▲,"I don't often write reviews for games, but I felt like this game deserves more attention than it's getting.This is the classic Fallout-like game that I've been waiting for a very long time. Gameplay feels quite a bit like the first 2 Fallout games, with Action Point turn-based combat making a comeback.It's astounding how many different ways you can play through the game with different character builds. You can smash your way through the game using melee weapons, take out your targets from a distance with sniper rifle or sneak up on them with a dagger, craft and use traps, bombs, cloaking and shield devices. Heck you can even use your mind powers to bend the enemies to your will or burn them alive. It's all up to you.The underground world is pretty big and full of dangers, shady characters, competing organizations and political powers, gangs and cults. the dangers you encounter range from mutated rat-hounds and weak, mind-broken humans to psychotic, mindless androids with psychic powers. The richness of the writing in this game is astounding, which is proven even by the items you find, notes you read, people you talk to, or even just the paths you walk. Everything is nicely bound together to bring you a living, breathing, atmospheric and believable post-apocalyptic game world.I could go on and on, but now I feel like getting back into it and squeezing another few dozen hours out of it."
,Recommended,250520,29975211,Posted: 16 February,all,Tall Paul,"Some of the best damn character creation I've ever seen in a game. Plenty of games promise wide character creation, this game delivers. Pure psionic mindcaster? Pistols and riot shield? Sniper? Stealthy ninja? Dude with a giant hammer? Trapper? These are all viable, all play distinctly, and can be mixed with each other to make unique characters. Combat is an engaging experience, with plenty of options every turn. This also one of the few games to get crafting right. Instead of acting as a smalltime craftsmen and churn out dozens of identical weapons to rake in some cash, you instead slowly collect high-quality ingredients that can be combined into a supremely powerful item, such as a weapon, armor, or psionic headband. I probably crafted only a dozen items throughout my playthrough, and each one felt like a significant achievement by my character, this was also reflected in the stats of the item. Going room to room, fighting monsters and developing your character is where the game shines the most.Some people dislike the story. The overall story is fairly dry for most of the game, but it is told competently. Slowly, through reading computer logs, an overall picture of what is happening forms. It feels very natural, and I enjoy games that tell a story that way. But there are very few memorable characters, the world, while having a few unique and interesting parts, generally feels bland, and the writing is merely servicable (although thankfully not too long).Also, this is not a game that respects the player's time. Walking is slow, even though I wore speed-boosting boots. Selling off all your items can require ferrying around to multiple different cities to completely cash out. The player house takes a long time to get to.Ultimately, this game is either absolutely incredible to a certain kind of gamer, and boring and unfair to another. I don't know how to differentiate these groups, as it is not simply a hardcore/casual divide. For what it's worth, I found it very enjoyable."
,Recommended,250520,19911881,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Duncan,"Best RPG of the decade. Period.Its absurd try to explain the intrincacies of this deep game. If you are a rpg lover and I mean a lover of the old rpg games buy and play this jewel. The game doesnt think the player is an idiot, you need to make use of your common sense and all the tools the game put at your disposal. And there are lots. The enemies will make good use of every trinket or technique, yeah¡¡. No more stupefied npcs waiting patiently to be exterminated.Good quest that makes sense, extensive and rich environment full of surprises, cohesive world non player centric, no waypoints.......... Should I continue? I cant, I will emerge again in Underrail."
76561198014155371,Not Recommended,250520,32403198,Posted: 13 June,all,Breezie,"OK. I love the originality of this game. I love the mechanics of this game with a few exceptions. Look. Honestly, it's a good game to play, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥This game has been tested by myself, at the defense of the CoreTech  warehouse, and damn. I gotta say this, the algorithm used in deciding your opponents is not. NOT decided by you level. It's decided by the damage you can deal. If you put yourself in a good situation, the game will only throw more difficult and more numerous opponenets. This alone is troublesome.Dealing with more oppenents based on a skill set shown is acceptable, but to ramp up the difficulty for a level 20 to handle the warehouse at Core City, before passing through the invasion of the Faceless campaign, which you should be at least a level 25 for, is a bit much.That is even occurring on Easy mode. Normal is just insane. But even ""Easy"" mode will ramp up on you. If you are not a professional gamer, do not buy this game, unless you can spare the 15 bucks, and don't mind the constant frustration of a story line you will never finish.Great story, great build (with some exceptions), but the difficulty algorithm that they use is just too much for a casual gamer, even on Easy mode.Just to point it out. I've run the above mentioned mission with no traps, and get a strong resistance ( killed all but the last one 3 attempts, and all on one attemp, but failed by being poisoned.), but I also notice that my AI allys will continue to attempt to use the ability  ""Burst Fire"" without actually reloading the weapon. That's right. They keep trying to use ""Burst Fire"" with an empty weapon....Instead of reloading.... I've seen an adreline shot hopped (Ally)AI do this 3 or 4 times in a row...... That's♥♥♥♥♥♥coding when the opposition never does that.... If you can code an enemey to be so aware of their situation, you can at least code the allies to put up an honest fight. Just make it more fair."
76561198022903052,Recommended,250520,23385718,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Chuck Farvre,"**edit - not that anyone will seeThe late game - deep caverns has many problems.1. the quest is vague and the map seems random.2. enemies now spawn from no where - as if DAO transformed to DA2 late game.3. it is a chore.I googled it and see that lots of people sya the same.UR was a joy until late game.I still recomend but the late game is a let down.**I never even considered playing this game until this last month when it was in the steam top 10. Maybe it was on sale, I can't remember.Anyway, it's now one of my all time favorite RPGs.The easiest way to describe Underrail - an all underground Fallout2 style RPG.If you haven't played Fallout2 then this review isn't for you.If you don't like Fallout2 then Underrail isn't for you.Underrail has great story telling. The text is short and efficient and the quests are somewhat diverse. It's not at the Fallout2 level of storytelling (the pinnacle of RPGs) ** but it rivals the other Fallout games and most other RPGs. The characters are colorful and well defined(except for the protaganist) and the overarching plots well formed and motivating.** edit- fallout2 AND Mass Effect are best story telling for an RPG.Underrail takes a few hours to get used to.The design of the world in Undrrail is self limiting because everything is underground and almost every turn is  a right angle.In every fallout game, you happily open your shelter door and greet the sun. In Fallout, every dungeon crawl ends with you back on the breezy surface cruzing to base and hitting the bar. In Underrail you will NEVER see the sun. When I first started playing UnderRail I thought it might be too constrictive.After playing 5-10 hours you realize that there  is a lot of subtle  variety in the maps, and especially the feel of the different towns.  The world is well thought out and it has it's own gritty feel.And you can get lost in the map. The maps and the way they are connected is not made obvious. There are only a few signs and no in game maps, at least not so far. It is up to the player to piece the world together.  There are no quest markers on a minimap, unless I've missed something for 50 hours. Not having markers and maps is fine in this game because exploring stays entertaining and is somehow relaxing. And it doesn't feel constricting. The map opens up to underground lakes, rivers and a railway. Boats and trains offer quick-travel points.The Skill tree is excellent. The balance seems almost perfect. I'm playing for my second time , on normal , (first was a rage quit). I've messed up a little bit in my allocation (I started a crafting build but didn't stick with it) so I struggled a bit but 30 hours in I'm matching up well against the mobs but still dying once in a while.I usually play these things on hard but this game's normal is actually hard. I wouldn't play this on hard. It's not DAO where if you play on normal you aren't getting the whole game. Or Fallout2, KOTOR... where there isn't a true hard option. This game is tricky the first go through. YOU CAN'T RESPEC unless you use game cheat. Lot's of enemies can  kill you in one round.Which brings me to combat.  First, there is an immersion breaking flaw in the combat. It seems that the game often wants you to fight part of the battle, leave the combat map, recover, go back and continue the fight.The way I think about this is it's like a  long assault on the enemy base but doing this over and over gets absurd at times.Otherwise, combat is well done. Psionics(magic) is seamless, interesting  and feels balanced. It looks like there are plenty of different builds to play.Another negative is there are no companions so you will always fight solo.I didn't play a crafting build and the game seems to want you to commit a lot of skill points to make a viable crafting build. Crafting looks like it's well developed. Certainly , crafting and skills are at least as good  in Underrail as they are in the  Fallout series.The GUI is simple and easy. Sometimes clicks don't register correctly (or the hit box is faulty) and you can ruin a long battle with one bad click but it was the same in ShadowRun HongKong(I just played before UR).The music is low key , sad violin synth to scary violin and synth with lots of industrial ambient ... it works. Fallout 1-2 had some of the best scores in RPG so it's hard to compare.As far as story, the biggest problem is the start. Your character has no back story. You wander through the world as a blank slate just doing the whim of others. Sure, all RPG are fetch quests for others but you usually have more reason and purpose then in Underrail. ie You are trying to recover your memory, you need to find your dad/son/wife , revenge for what they did to your clan, save your home town etc. From the very start of this game everyone is a stranger and you are immediately their main go to guy.Otherwise, like I wrote, the story telling is excellent and efficient. The characters are evocative, even the unknown bosses that you dispatch have personality. The world is different and makes sense. The inner politics of the various factions are actually interesting and easy to follow. I usually skip most of the background text by mid game but I read it all in Underrail because they don't bore me with long winded writing not meant for an RPG (see Skyrim, which I still loved, and many others).Also, the game implements a novel and well done experience system(called oddities).10/10 - though it has a few flaws it's so creative with it's art design, writing  and game rules that it gets a 10.BTW - the graphics are blocky and it looks old but this isn't some chincy game for nostalgia. This is real game and you can tell the programmers were top notch and thought a lot about every piece of this game. It's going to get me 70 hours of playtime and none of that is pen and paper geekdom or nostalgia. I play most the new games: GTA2345 and I race every race , the lord of the rings game with the batman style combat , every batman, wolfenstien, farcry, rust, the one with the dinopsaurs, dyinglight on and on.  I'm not putting in these hours because It's an esoteric old school style of game. I only play games if they are fun."
76561198176493195,Recommended,250520,14788839,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ajanveaux,"Liking the game a lot so far, takes me back to the old school games like Fallout 1/2.  Around 65 hrs in so far and the only thing that REALLY bothers me is that there's no map!  I started wandering below the compound and it just keeps going and going and going and it's so easy to get lost.  Hoping they come through with a mapping system soon."
,Recommended,250520,19827410,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,HappyZavulon,"Probably one of the better isometric RPGs that came out this year.The whole thing plays a lot like the first two Fallout games/the new Shadowrun RPGs. Really fun if you are into that sort of thing. The story/characters are well written and the world itself is quite interesting (think futuristic Metro 2033 with some magic thrown in to the mix).The graphics can be a bit weak at times, but the overall style of the game carries it forward.The only complaint I've got so far is that it can be impossible to see the enemies around you when you are fighting in tight corridors, they get obstructed by the scenery which can be annoying.All in all this is a great game with a few minor issues so I suggest you give it a shot if you are a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,250520,9654924,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,To Pimp a Bee-terfly,"A lot of fun and great value for a ten dollar game.UnderRail separates itself from the Fallout games. Its writing isn't as good, but the Steam achievements sure are funny (Dirty Harry reference, for example). The writing isn't as bad as you may think, as I've encountered zero gramatically incorrect sentences in the conversation system so far.  The game definitely has cleaner graphics than Fallout. I also have to commend the sound design. It is very top notch for a game in Alpha stage of its development.I do have some problems, though.1. Lack of fast travel to explored areas.2. A lot of back-tracking. I found myself coming back to every floor in the beginning of the game to see if each of the merchants wanted my stuff (they're picky, realism at its worst).3. The game also crashes sometimes, but it recovers fast.4. NPCs don't show up until you get close to them. WTF? If there isn't any object blocking your vision (windows don't count, they're transparent!), then you should be able to see the NPC.5. Convoluted currency system.Now, you may be thinking, ""Gee, that's a lot of deal-breaking problems. Why should I get UnderRail?"" Well, the pros noticeably outweigh the cons.EDIT: I haven't played this game in a while, so I'm not sure if the developer has solved some of the 5 problems I listed above, broke it or made some other dumb business decision. I also am aware that frequent updating is an important thing for early access players. So far as I know, the game has only one developer, and he updates it infrequently."
76561198043782849,Recommended,250520,24607170,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Esteban Failsmore,"+Huge gameplay variety.+Godlike crafting- you can craft anythig.+Balanced combat (for the most part).+90% of the perks are usefull for one character build or anotherr+Magic+- Game focuses mostly on combat.+- Pixels.+-Game world is huge. In some point you might find all those caves a bit repetative.-Economy and trading. Traders will only buy specific crap in limited amount. This will lead you to situations when you have s-hit load of guns, ammo, armor- but you cant sell it. Later in the game this will make looting almost pointless- you cant sell everything because traders have very small currency pool and will buy specific items in limited quantities. But what they DO buy will make more then enough money, which makes looting once again pointless.-Speech skills are almost pointless you can be just fine without them. They also requre much invesment, which you not always can afford.-Messed up character progression. You will be progressing mostly in skills and perks, while gear will stay mostly the same. It depends on your build though. Some characters will get jumps in power when they find certain unique weapons, while others will beat the game using the same weapon. You can get your weapon slightly better with crafting though.-Overpowered stealth system that makes every encounter peace of cake.-Mines, mines everywhere. You better have high perception and motion tracking googles, or else you will be in for a nasty suprise."
76561198020586501,Recommended,250520,19835812,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Scribbles,"The writing is often cringe-worthy and even childish at times. Basic grammatical errors are everywhere. Do people who don't know the difference between its and it's grind your gears? Prepare to wear those gears down smooth. Enjoy having at least an idea of where you're supposed to be? Good luck with that. A lot of the directions NPCs give you are next to worthless and you'll be searching guides just to figure out where the entrance to your next mission is.That said, I can't stop playing for some reason. The writing can be utterly laughable, but it's also, somehow, at times far better than anything Bethesda has put out in the past 10 years. Sometimes the quests can be infuriating, but at times they're a ton of fun and obviously carefully considered. The level design is also pretty great, barring locked chests that contain nothing. The devs have also experimented with a new experience system that's actually really nice, and the gameplay mechanics are, so far, relatively balanced and enjoyable. The difficulty level is just about perfect as well if you enjoy tough fights.It's a diamond in the rough, really. Some of the writing is actually quite enjoyable. Some of it is actually great and had me laughing hysterically. I've heard the game's writer speaks English as a second language, so I can forgive all of the grammatical errors. I can even forgive the spots of cringey adolescent writing due to the spots of really great writing that you just don't see anymore in triple A gaming. People are comparing it to Fallout, and I can sort of see that. Fallout 1 and 2 were better. This, however, is better than Fallout 3 and 4.This feels, to me, something between a Spiderweb Software game and a Black Isle game, if they'd hired a semiliterate to handle the writing.I just can't stop playing."
76561198052626734,Recommended,250520,29102406,Posted: 7 January,all,ingentingvar,"It's ""Fallout"" on meth and steroids."
76561198027186165,Recommended,250520,18921237,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TyRobot,"This game is absolutely amazing.  Nowadays, games focus too much on action sequences...press ""A"" repeatedly to break the dog's neck!  However, UnderRail doesn't worry about overrated things like graphics, action sequences, DLC, and other forms of gaming garbage that have become rampant in the industry.UnderRail is about as old school as it comes (like everyone has already said, think isometric Fallout 2) in CRPGs today.  The combat system is solid, and it fits well with the ""Feat"" system.  If you are familiar with Fallout's ""Perk"" system or Elder Scrolls' similiar system, then you'll see that UnderRail has basically that same exact thing built into character creation.Now, one of the most unique things about UnderRail is that, instead of doing quests and killing things to get experience and level up, you can opt to play the game without that traditional ""grinding"" to level system in place.  If you choose to play the way the developers intend, then choose the ""Oddities"" option.  Basically, this means that in order to gain levels and develop your character's stats and feats, you will need to find oddity items throughout the game.  These might drop from monsters after a kill or be hidden in a crate in a dark and dangerous room.  Playing with this leveling system enabled will make you explore places that you might not normally take the time to delve into, and it keeps you constantly looking for that one extra item so that you can get another level.  Personally, this is the only way I play after they added it into the game.  Keep in mind that if you prefer the classic ""kill monster, get experience points, repeat and level up"" system, then you can totally do that.  Nobody will judge you for your poor, poor choices...we promise...maybe...I rarely take the time to write reviews...but if story, gameplay, and a genuinely well thought out leveling and character progression system appeals to you...if you miss the difficulty of computer games from days past, then this is one of those diamonds in the rough that I would highly suggest picking up."
76561198000197730,Recommended,250520,19782207,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Stormy,"If you liked Fallout 1/2 you'll like this game. It's that mixed with some mechanics from Jagged Alliance and System Shock, with a touch of Arcanum and Metro 2033."
76561198005087995,Recommended,250520,20179591,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jean-Luc,"""Stygo je i taj dan."" - Radomyr the TravellerOf all the recent-ish rpg remakes, comebacks and spiritual successors I'd say UnderRail is the purest. It takes the single character rpg formula seen in Fallout 1/2 and truly refines and improves it without compromising the complexity and depth expected of an ""old school"" game.Combat in Fallout 1/2 was fun thanks to its colorful gore, npc taunts and that falloutesqueje ne sais quoiquirkiness but it very much lacked in tactical depth and tools that would add diversity and options to one's violent encounters. In addition, old Fallouts had loads of skills but many of them (namely non combat ones) felt underutilized and therefore unsatisfying to take. There was also no crafting in a post nuclear wasteland where survival, salvage and improvisation would've been very important.UnderRail resolves the above flaws by adding a vast array of tactical options like activated and passive abilities, weapons that really work differently and require building your character around them, psychic abilities, equipment like combat drugs, tasers, NV goggles, cloacking devices, shield emmiters, mines, flashbangs, poisons, etc., a functional and useful stealth system that has both combat and non combat utility as well as a robust and detailed crafting system that is actually useful but not necessary in case you don't like crafting (it's yet another thing that becomes part of your character build or not).Skills are all useful (not equally of course) but also require careful consideration not just in terms of the skills themselves but also how they synergyze with your feat/perk and equipment choices. Long term planning is important. Character building is very detailed and definitely a strong point of the game. You don't just make a melee character or a ranged character. You make a specialized sledge hammer wielder, or a pistolier that combines one handed firearms and riot armor with shields or a sneaky, trap laying crossbow using poisoner, or a ""monk"" that combines unarmed martial arts and psi abilities. How about a scary, paranoid, crazy scientist with acid firing pistols, plasma guns and mind controlling psi who melts both bodies and minds? It's a character builder's dream with skills, feats and equipment all beautifully designed and integrated to allow for all sorts of specialized and hybrid builds.Writing in UnderRail tends to appear functional and spartan at first but as I explored the game I found quite a bit of humor and elaborate descriptions of characters many of which are interesting in their own way. It's a post apocalyptic, underground, cyber-punky setting so many characters are pragmatic and to the point but not all and the game is not unkind to fans of text and story. There's a good amount of quirky characters and setting specific colloquialisms and expressions and bits of lore and background to discover if you care to. It's just that immersion requires a bit more of one's own effort like rpgs used to, it's not served up with voice acting and fist person perspective. The writing does suffer from a large number of typos though (at least at the time of me writing this).One very interesting aspect of UnderRail is it offers two experience systems at character creation. The ""Classic"" one is what you see in almost every rpg out there but with the ""Oddity"" system you get no xp for killing or using skills like lockpick, only for solving quests and collecting oddities which are all sorts of strange or old world objects that you can study to advance your character. The oddity system rewards stealth, exploration, social skills and non-combat solutions and works remarkably well, both systems do and make for a welcome option.UnderRail is not an easy game, normal difficulty actually provides a stiff challenge. There are no quest markers, no maps (only a compass), charging recklessly into battle will often get you killed. It's a game where secondary tools and consumables are actually useful and required, not just something you hoard and never use and it's my top RPG for 2015.PS: Svaka ti čast Styg. Našao sam četiri Jelena. :)"
76561198032114110,Recommended,250520,19645448,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Kshahdoo,"Fun freaking tastic game! Oldschool, turn-based, postapocalipsis, deep RPG system... If you're looking for actual Fallout 3, that's it."
76561197970382594,Recommended,250520,20176305,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Skully,"Reminiscent of Fallout 1-2 with a twist of a ""modern"" feel of the cave crawling of the Avernum series. Character specialization building is a must to progress without running headfirst into a brick wall. I started over several times because I wasnt familiar with the game world. It will happen to you as well. Min/maxing your character comes with experience of what to expect. If that bothers you then you will have to make a descision if that is a deal breaker.Oddity/Classic experience system. Oddity means you find things to ""study"" that give experience instead of the ""classic"" way of killing things to earn exp. This essentially means that you do not have to build your character solely for combat, but combat is still a focus. You will fight, but it allows for more varied play-styles.Graphics are retro, but well animated. Quirky, but I would argue full of soul. The devs really put their heart into this game.The story was well thought out. Very logical and consistant, but only truly makes sense if you take the time to do things properly and I mean that certain outcomes of questlines will yield different results. You can fail quests and you can come across surprising results.Endings change base on your actions. Similar to the Fallout 1-2 games.Music repeats itself retro style over and over, but I found the music designed very well. It was made in a way that fits where you are. Very well done.Game is very long. Seriously. 50-100h on average depending on how quickly you do anything, but rushing is actually detrimental for a first playthrough in this game. You WILL miss things and it WILL screw over potential gains for the ending and for quests. I know this firsthand.This game is built for nostalgia and for a new adventure. It is well worth the cheap price of 15 dollars. Frankly, I think its worth more. The game isnt for everyone, no, but if your tired of the crappy hand-holding experience you get with the more modern RPGs and want to try something a bit oldschool, but still modern concering isometic tactical RPGS, then give this one a try.Hell, taking your family out to the movies would be more expensive. That alone makes this worth the price.Its worth it. Good game."
76561198078977612,Recommended,250520,23538992,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Nylarthotep1984,"Sooo I don't have a whole lot of time in the game but enough to finish the first 5-6 missions.  This game is abosolutly amazing.  Imagine Shadowrun Hong Kong with everything you could ever want as far as skills and customizability.  In a Fallout or Hellgate London setting.  Much more like hellgate london than fallout IMO but either serves well to describe the feel and art of the world.  Sound & Music is pretty good although i'd reccommend playing with some dark music maybe NIN Ghosts album.  Thats what I've been using and its spot on I love the combonation.   As far as turn based RPG's this one takes the cake for me.  If it had the graphics of Divinity or something this would be the game of the year.  The graphics are primitive but serve their purpose.  But there are things like gear peices showing up on your character as well as weapons so you can see your customizing on your character.  Then theres the Psi abilities which are like mage & chi power from shadowrun wrapped up into the same skill tree but within that tree there is 3 affinities.  One for melee, one for ranged, mind control, and enviroment control (freezing, flame, ect.).  And b/c the skills are so deep you can be a sniper with mind control or melee psi abilities.  Its an aboslutely amazing game I'd reccommend it to anyone whose a fan of Shadowrun, Divinity, Pillars of Eternity, or X-Com.  Its challanging and amazingly fun at the same time.  My biggest advice is to do your missions spread your skills throughout a few trees.  I'm going crossbow, pistol, sniper, psi, and melee with high affinities in science and crafting.  Yes theres a craftin systems which is hugely in depth and amazing. reminiscent of WOW in ease of use.  Collecting mats and creating things like armor, weapons, grenades, mines, ammo, consumables.  All in all this game is AMAZING check it out.  best 15$ i've spent this year."
,Recommended,250520,26083732,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nymlus,"Probably the most underrated title in my Steam collection, UnderRail (not to be confused with UNDERTALE) is an isometric roleplaying game very much like the Fallout games in which the world has been destroyed and humans now dwell in the underground railways organized into loose factions of scavengers, bandits and station-states. Your character is a new recruit of South Gate Station and is sent on various missions on their behalf. The game starts out in a fairly linear fashion and not much exploration can be done until you have helped SGS clear the rocks blocking the station from the rest of the UnderRail.Once the initial hurdle is taken care of, you'd better put your best traveling shoes on because it soon becomes apparent this game is enormous and there is more of everything than you ever imagined. I'm told that this game is a one-man project, and I almost can't believe it; it would have been tough even for a team of level designers to complete the task. This may be the most controversial aspect of the game, too, because it provides no map of its cavernous depths and you must either draw one yourself or simply memorize the important connections between areas. I don't mind it, but it's something to consider if you are susceptible to getting lost in vast fictional worlds.There are plenty of creatures scurrying about in the lawless railways who would love to decorate the floors with your sorry hide. It would be wise to have a plan for the occasion. This is not a game where you can simply walk around and socialize; it's very much focused on hostile encounters. Perhaps the feat list will clue you in on this fact; most of the available feats have something to do with either killing foes or sneaking around them. However, once you accept that you will inevitably be involved in battle, the game offers a wide variety of weapons and techniques for that purpose - pistols, sniper rifles, sledgehammers, throwing knives and all manner of psionic trickery.My favorite feature is the oddity system, an option you can select when starting a new game (and I highly recommend you do,) which replaces the traditional ""kill enemies to level up"" mechanic so common in RPGs with a new system in which you level up by collecting trinkets - oddities - scattered throughout the UnderRail in barrels, boxes and cans. The genius of this feature is that it encourages you to explore the world using whatever methods you desire. If there's an oddity guarded by three monsters, it's your choice: kill them and take the loot or just sneak past them and grab it.UnderRail is a difficult game, but it's also a rewarding one when you finally figure out how to take on the enemies standing in your way. There is no party to recruit; it's just you versus the world. The graphics are nice and the ambient sound design greatly helps the atmosphere. There's a lot of viable character builds and tons of replayability for those who like to experiment. The crafting system is substantial and allows you to create pretty much any item in the game from its raw materials. Overall, I highly recommend UnderRail for any RPG fans, and especially Fallout fans - it's a work of love from a developer who clearly has too much time on his hands."
,Recommended,250520,23386483,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jbush76,"Good game, but it's super annoying to have to start from scratch w/ a rebuild. When I tried reloading a recent save, I get the message that it's incompatible w/ the current build.  That's garbage."
76561198142581452,Not Recommended,250520,19952706,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,slysean8,"I started out really wanting to like this game, I followed it through its gorth, kept up with every update as it was in early access and waited for a full release. And I have tried to play it, I made two characters, one for the oddity mode ( a selling point of the game where your experience does not come from battles, but searching the world for interesting items or ""oddities"") and one for the Classic mode (the more kill things, level up, horray! method we all know).And in both I found myself dreading every move I made, hated going back to the same areas and despised several of the missions. Now this is not to say that the game was not fun, I loved the first 2 or 3 hours as I experienced the world, fought strange creatures and struggled to survive. However for both my characters I hit a brick wall, a point where the skill checks required to have a chance seemed to go up suddenly and found myself against enemies that dodged every attack, even after I leveled my characters gun skill to its max, even after I bought and attempted to craft the best equipment.The truth is I am sure that some will like this game, those who know the tricks and tips to kite enemies perfectly and the exact skills to invest in, and has a high tolerance for fail, try again moments. But for myself were finding out that the character I have built is useless for the situation suddenly after keeping me alive well... I cannot in good faith recommened this game.If you love it, than all the more power to you and I hope that the creators, whom did an incredable job of crafting this game between one-three of them know that I wish them success for their hard work andf that I loved the idea of the game from the moment I saw it.However, no matter what I cannot keep from doing anything from screaming that the game that I so hoped to love."
76561197988998518,Not Recommended,250520,31205086,Posted: 17 April,all,Stormcrowfleet,"I think this is my first review, so be patient with format and everything.Overall statement: I gave this game a ""No"" because to me, it is underwhelming. It might be a nice game for some very specific people, but it's not an RPG that I can recommend.I only played 10 hours. But if after 10 hours a game has not shown what it truly is, I think there is a problem.Pros:- Fallout-esque feeling in terms of game mechanics, character creation, environnement hostile to player, etc.- Good music- Artwork is simple, but effective- Character creation is fun and rewarding- Odditys XP system is completely awesome- Multiple factionsCons:- Not RPG enough (I will come back to this in detail)- Choice and consequence is more esthetic than anything else- Mechanics are broken (psi)- I am not a fan of how crafting is done in game in general, but this game is even worse- UI is informative, but clunky- Walking speed and backtracking is terrible- Cooldown and other unwarranted combat mechanicsWhy is it not RPG enough. Nowadays, when I play a CRPG, I look at two things: 1) is the game engaging enough (storyline/C&C) that I would like to play this with friends with pen and papers ? 2) is the system good enough that it could be ported to pen and papers with minimal effort and be a balanced yet interesting system ? To me, Underrail answer a big ""No"" to both of those. C&C is not significant (as far as my 10 hours come) for storyline and even quest completion, and the system is a mess (functional for a video game, but would be unbearable for tabletop).Does this mean that it's a bad game ? Not necessarily. But to me, this game feels like Fallout-, not Fallout+, or not-Fallout. It has the poorest element of Fallout and not the good one. But let me say something: those elements I find the poorest might be the best for some other players. To me the fact that psi is broken, some build are wrong, crafting is tedious and unrewarding, that the game is unclear (I can already hear people say that this is how it should be, so-called ""hardcore""), that the main quest is boring (all quest are actually boring, you just fetch stuff for people and walk (slowly) around), etc.If you like grindy, old-school, fallout-esque, tedious and long game, this is for you.If you are looking at an engaging story with C&C, tactical decision, intriguing universe, etc., this is not for you (as it was not for me). I bought this game because I thought it would be the modern equivalent to Fallout, or a good brother of Age of Decadence; it was neither.The only reason I am writing this review (which like I said I think is my first), is because this game is getting praised (rightly so in a way, it's very well done), but it's not meant for everyone. And so, I needed to advise people to read a second thought on the matter.I do wish all the better for this indie company as this game is a great product; not just for everybody."
76561198068749253,Recommended,250520,21816044,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,chimney37,"Normally I don't write reviews but this game deserved it. I put in 173 hours of gameplay into this game and finally beat the game. It was a thrilling adventure. If you like games like fallout and isometric rpgs, this is the game for you. It's a bit of a hardcore RPG, but if you want to put in long hours to think hard about how to beat a game, this IS THE game.StorylineThis game has great story, much better than some triple A RPG titles. And the mechanics are quite deep too. Usually, I wouldn't have so much after-thought about a game, but this game was different. The game didn't quite progress in the way one predicts in a typical computer game. Rather, it keeps going, bringing you deeper and deeper into its strange universe. The various factions and people had in-depth character and makes you wonder why are the way they are. There was also something mysterious about all the Oddities that can be collected, making you wonder in mysterious ways how they came about. When it was finally over, I felt that I have went through a great deal, and a strange sense that it was finally over for me.Game mechanicsReally nice. There's so much to be experienced just from crafting and getting bigger and better weaponary. It makes players really think hard about what tactics they would use to defeat a certain enemy. I would expect a wider variety of energy weapons, though. The shields idea is a really good one. The usefulness of psychic and melee abilities is really fund to make use of in certain situations.<b>Complaints</b>*Spoilers*There needs to be some mechanism to get around bad character builds. Tchort is very hard to defeat given a too rounded character. Once a player is leveled max, there is no hope to rebuild the character easily (is there one?) I think for some gamers a balanced type of character builds are necessary to experience a wider coverage of the game mechanics. I think this game assumes that a certain build would be required to defeat the most powerful of enemies. I think that might make sense for a medium to hard difficulty level, but not on easy.As to game balance in certain areas of the game, Deep Caravans can definitely do a lot of balancing as I think it is too hard, even on an easy setting. The constant spawning of monsters aren't producing much fun to the game. It's making gamers frustrated as the difficulty really spikes up comparing to the previous areas. GA thing about the level-capping. Given this difficulty at the Deep Caravans, I think the level cap of 25 is not fun for the player, given that a character can get so much experience in the Deep Caravans. Once a player reaches the cap and have to fight endless enemies, the game quickly loses its incentive to progress. The player would likely to give up or lose interest in a game that becomes almost like a very hard problem to solve. Beyond a certain point, a player is likely to resort to Cheat Engine which spoils the fun. But in such a hard game like this, it may be the only reasonable option to end the *suffering*.I like it that there is so much exploratory opportunties in the game. However, the level-cap of 25, insanely hard Deep Caravans as well as Tchort does not allow player to throughly enjoy the the wide character builds and the enormous assortment of crafting items. If someone focus on a strong character build, they will lose out from crafting. Perhaps this can be solved by a much higher level cap limit and grinding, but may be against the developer's wishes.But after so much comments, this game is fantastic, so now, go play it!"
76561198047706292,Recommended,250520,19765772,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Skagasaurus,"Been playing Underrail since some of the earliest builds, and it's been a satisfying experience the whole way. The little nooks and offshoot areas they've added make some of the mundane early game areas more intriguing, and their character and area design has only improved.  A great game, and well worth the money."
,Recommended,250520,10157769,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Turrican,"Alpha Review.I have played UnderRail many hours and i am ready to make a review for it.Firstly, i haven't played anything similar to this game since Fallout 2. This kind of games are very adictive games, mixing RPG, TBS, Stealth, crafting... Can be the ultimate videogame genre? I think so, but it's underated...UnderRail is similar to Fallout Series (the good ones) and this thing is very good.Pros.- Most of the ingame is well implemented : combat, stealth, lockpicking, inventory...- Excellent character customization.- Awesome history (similar to Metro 2033).- Hundreds of item : Weapons, armors, tools...- Crafting.- Big tile map.Cons.- Static world (You can't shoot over a Wall or a Door)- No character Karma.- Enemies can't do area travel.- No option to band with another characters.- No natural regeneration.8/10"
76561197990221652,Recommended,250520,29341938,Posted: 18 January,all,Widar,In almost 20 years now I have never seen anything coming this close to the glorious Fallout 1/2.One might even argue it surpasses old Fallouts in many aspects.
76561198080252770,Recommended,250520,19781411,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,robobobr,post-apocturn-basedtremendous character development systemdeep crafting systemno consolitis10/10 would end turn again
76561197982844462,Recommended,250520,19767843,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,brassi77,"This game is an instant classic and one of the best crpgs made.  Great rpg system and mechanics, great chargen and chardev, great everything (including things I don't personally like such as crafting).  The only thing that could make this game better is a three or four party creation, instead of being single character.This game is a masterpiece and heavily recommended for all true crpg fans."
76561198016606468,Recommended,250520,14857000,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,arclightshock37,"The first game I'm writing a review for and as far as I can tell it's going to be the only one worth writing a review for for how criminally obscure this game is.  Already the Underrail is a very big game and with each update it gets larger.  The crafting is the most satisfying crafting I've ever come across in any game.  There's nothing like finding some super high quality metal plating to put on that expensive *spoiler item* I bought over an hour ago and making the toughest armor imaginable and feeling like a total tank.  The game isn't easy, but neither is it ball-crusingly difficult.  I generally find it to hit a perfect spot in that regard but if it's too tough for you there is an easy mode.  The story (so far) is interesting enough even if the characters aren't always particularly interesting.  The combat is varied, dynamic, and requires a touch of strategy to survive.  Some find the economy to be frustrating but I find it to be quite immersive in its realism, you can't pull a Skyrim and sell a bunch of plates and goblets to a random shop keeper basically.  This game is a must buy for anyone who likes these sorts of strategy games, rpgs, and if you're a fan of the old Fallout games, and for ten bucks, that's quite a steal.Edit:  The game is now fully released and little has changed in my original opinion despite the price hike.  It's still very much worth that fifteen dollar price tag."
,Recommended,250520,14687433,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Fire Flamazo,"Isometric RPG with separate options for leveling up and turn-based tactical combat?Needless to say, amazing."
,Recommended,250520,19919518,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Kibbles,"You can hit things, shoot things, hack things, hide from things, steal things, blow things up with psi powers, talk your way out of sticky situations, talk your way into sticky situations, craft things, be a good cool dude, be a bad rude dude, place bear traps, explore haunted islands, join factions, find secret doors and passageways and crawl around in vent shafts.It's everything that fans of Fallout 1+2 wanted but never got. Play it on 1280x720 unless you like squinting at the screen."
76561197990403029,Recommended,250520,23739610,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Wolverine Madness,"Underrail is a ton of fun.  There are many ""old school"" rpgs being released these days after kickstarter became so popular, but along with the Shadowrun series this game came the closest to making me feel like I was playing Planescape or BG2.That's not because it's an extremely similar game, mechanically.  In many ways Underrail is more like a turn based Deus Ex than Baldur's Gate, but there are a few things about it that I didn't know I was looking for when I backed Pillars of Eternity, Wasteland 2, etc.What makes Underrail so special, besides the awesome and absorbing combat/character build system, is the great immersion of the setting.  The music is fantastic.  I enjoy walking around the maps listening to the janky, mechanical and ominous soundtrack (serious fallout/planescape flashbacks).  The lore is presented as background, not through infodumps or encyclopedias, and is all over the place in small, rewarding tidbits.  The monster ecology is cool.  The visual design is unbelievably good for a game created by one person.  The drawn 2d look with dynamic lighting is just as interesting to look at as a AAA 3d title.  The sounds are satisfying, from the punchy gunfire to the weird glug of my purple telekinetic wrecking ball.This is not a party based, or even a particularly story based, RPG.  But it is crafted so well that it doesn't matter.  There are no companions, but every character that you speak with substantively has some detail about them to flesh them out.  Motivations make sense and the moral landscape of the game is very dark.Can't recommend it enough if you enjoy detailed turn based combat and interesting settings."
76561198062237876,Recommended,250520,15332693,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MeniDanger,"Must-have if you are still waiting for a proper Fallout 3 ^_^At this price it's basically a no-brainer, if you are even remotely interested in old-school isometric RPGs with turn-based combat. V. 1.0 release should be at some point this year (2015) and right now the game is almost complete, meaning you will already get dozens of hours out of it. All mechanics are integrated and shouldn't change much anymore.Price will likely go up once the game is out of EA, so I'd get it while it's hot!Full recommendations from me!"
76561198059912516,Recommended,250520,15876183,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Klebolds_Windows95,"This is by far one of my favorite games I've played in a long time. If you enjoy post-apocalyptic/isometric games (kinda like the original Fallout's (this game has been compared to those many times) ) then you will absolutely love this, hands down. It has a retro look/vibe to it but with updated controls, and that alone makes the game awesome. The combat is definitely satisfying and the character models have been getting improved more and more with each update, along with more character animations. I know not many people are working on this project (I think it might just be one person actually) but the people that are, you're doing an excellent job. I like the new added music by the way."
,Recommended,250520,19770766,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,meanbeanmachine,"After two+ years of waiting, UnderRail finally leaves Early Access!  This game is a must for fans of old school RPGs and the original Fallout series."
,Recommended,250520,28243894,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MAKLA,"This game DOMINATES, baby.Underrail is a fantastic isometric turn-based RPG inspired by classics such as Fallout 1&2, Arcanum, and even System Shock. It has everything a hardcore CRPG fan wants; a good story, addictive and dynamic tactical combat, lots of different builds, a huge world to explore, lots and lots of interesting dialogue, and a robust crafting system.One of the more unique features (or lack there of) in the game is the absence of any sort of map, which takes some time getting used to. Rest assured; the game is designed around this, so it doesn't take long for it to feel natural. However, one big tip I can give to any player trying to get into Underrail is to write down the directions NPCs give you, since the game doesn't always do it for you.All in all, I would recommend Underrail to anybody who likes a robust CRPG experience with no hand-holding, and leaves lots of room for the player to tickle their their sense of discovery, which not many games allow you to nowadays unfortunately."
,Recommended,250520,19771064,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,rad,"This game is perfection. It has such depth and details and is very close to the ""feel"" of the original Fallout games. Buy this one and support the developer please."
,Recommended,250520,19772312,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,PMC-C4rb0n Ru1n3r,"Fallout meets Metro 2033.War...war never changes... wait, is not this game! but almost, this is Fallout 3 if Fallout were to go back to, well, to Fallout. It's feel like if Black Isle Studios made this game. A great experience. A great game. Brilliant. This is a must have to any oldschool rpg fans."
,Recommended,250520,28857673,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Barnaby Jones,"I can't believe how great this game is. It's like Fallout but made in the modern day. The animation is smooth, the resolution scales nicely and everything performs well. You have to excuse/accept the graphics. They are fantastic for the what the developer was going for.The main storyline starts out a little slow (especially the early part at the Southgate Station - it's all fetch/kill quests) but I haven't finished the game yet. The opening dialog for each named character (when you talk to them for the first time) is very well written though, you'll notice that.Make sure you get ""The Dude"" at the Rail Crossing to tell you his interesting stories, they're fairly good. The little side stories from the characters really make the game. The dialog is VERY well done and tops a lot of triple A game dialog, easily.Game technicality:The amount of exploring one can do is simply amazing. The game is mostly about finding your way around. There's absolutely no hand holding here.DON'T LET THE DIFFICULTY OF THE EARLY GAME DETER YOU.There's no map feature. You'll have to remember or look everything up online. I recommend trying to use your memory. It's not too bad once you start exploring for awhile.If you're really getting beat up, you're probably in the wrong area, this is true especially early in the game.I would HEAVILY recommend familiarizing yourself with the abilities the game offers and do some initial build planning. Min-maxers will love this game for this aspect. It's almost a requirement, but not quite.EARLY GAME RECOMMENDATIONS:Don't neglect agility, you need as many AP as you can get.I started the game using the XP leveling style but there are LOTS of oddities laying around so you can expect to get lots of experience if you go that route and consider yourself a thorough player. Oddities will give you XP regardless of what leveling method you play although in the XP level, I expect its a much lesser amount.Focus on one speciality: Melee, Ranged or Psionic. Always get the Psionic limiter removed unless you're going FULL melee or ranged without mixing. 25% health penalty really isn't that bad and the psionic abilites are really helpful.Many are taught by teachers at the Southgate base but many abilities are found in the environment. I've found several in barrels and locked up in peoples houses. Lots of bad guys in little nooks all over the place will have them stashed away as well.Start the game by exiting at the cave level at the bottom (Level 7 or 8 from the Elevator). This is where the first quest sends you, but you are free to exit where you please. The enemies around the upper level (Level 1 on the elevator) are really tough for a level 1-5 player.I wouldn't focus on pistols unless you're doing a special run. There are a few feats for them but they're really not that powerful and SMGs/Rifles with bursts and a couple accompanying feats are quite potent. Ammunition is fairly plentiful and can be crafted. Firing bullets from your gun gives you a small chance to get a casing for that ammo type. You can use these casings to make new bullets or even special bullets in some circumstances.I'd recommend trying to find the ""Disassemble Item"" and ""Recycle Item"" skills (blue thumb drives bought from vendors) as early as you can. The first lets you break down items into their parts. There may be some minor random aspect to this but from my experience you can break down and rebuild most items as many times as you want without losing materials.Recycling allows you to break down items into scraps (metal, fabric or electronic) to make into repair kits (or shrapnel buillets in one special case)Melee skills like Dirty Kick (1 turn stun vs humans - 2 turns vs. males) are ABSOLUTELY VITAL. I heavily recommend Thick Skull as well. Stuns will completely ruin your day.Do not be afraid to exploit the game mechanics unless you're some kind of purist. Exit to adjacent areas to stop combat and cooldown your abilities. The game is stacked against you. The enemies will almost always have friends, better or equivalent equipment (usually) and more Action Points than you.You can pickpocket from anyone at any time. Stealth/Hiding is not required. There's a meter below the targets inventory screen that will show you how suspicious the activity is.Stealth/Pickpocketing becomes VERY useful at the upper skill levels but is absolutely useless during the lower ones.I found this game quite frustrating when I was first setting out but now that I'm into the game quite a ways I am really enjoying it a great deal. I definitely recommend. Do a little build research first though. Go into it with a plan. 100%.Don't be afraid to play on Easy either. It might save you some frustration if you're that type.I stuck to Normal and it's quite challenging but easy may have made some of the more frustrating encounters a little more bearable. Still very fun regardless."
,Recommended,250520,22629333,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ninjaxenomorph,"I'll say straight-up that not everyone is going to enjoy Underrail, but that doesn't mean its only for grognards that miss Fallout 1, 2, and Arcanum. I've never played any of those game (though not for lack of trying), and I LOVE this game. There are so many different ways to play, it's insane. It almost makes me sad that I'll never be able to build all the characters I want to make. Gameplay is solid, easy to pick up if you've played any form of turn-based strategy. Quests don't hold your hand, but with the exception of one optional quest at the end (which, to be fair, is supposed to be hair-tearingly difficult), it doesn't bother me, and the world is wonderfully fleshed-out.Gameplay is solid, especially crafting. I'd be hesitant to approach a playthrough that DOESN'T invest in the crafting skills, they are THAT fun to use. The only downside, for me, is that in retrospect, the characters, while not always flat, I never had a connection with any of them. There are no followers in this game, true, but that doesn't mean all the NPCs have to be that way. However, the dev team are still active, so who knows, maybe that will be invalidated?But, flaws and all, this game is one I heartily recommend to anybody."
,Recommended,250520,21564526,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Eppiox,"Underrail has an immersive atmosphere, excellent character creation and growth, high multiple play through potential and will keep those players who have to search every nook and cranny busy for 100+ hours.In short I would highly recommend the game to fans of the genre, if you enjoyed the early fallout games, Arcanum or even Balur’s gate, I would say with a high chance that you may enjoy this game too.  It has a great story, great customisation, interesting characters and rewarding combat with interesting dynamics when it comes to planting traps and sneaking about.   There are hundreds of doors and boxes to lock pick and hack, characters to meet and converse with and areas to explore, also some of the chat dialog options are awesome.I would however be hesitant to recommend the game to people unknown to this genre, I feel the mainstream gamer would be betrayed by the issues in the late game section when the first ¾ of the game are very entertaining.  Furthermore the black screen transitions between areas get tiresome very quick and make large connected areas like corecity feel sliced up and disjointed.Upon entering the last section of the game, it feels like a call back to a bygone era of gaming where progressing through the plot is done by only the devoted few- you would hear of how to progress from those who had stuck through it or like some Nes games, go buy Nintendo Power and discover it wasn’t so straight forward as the rest of the game was.  The last part of the game is unforgiving- not via combat as other may say(A stealthless character is not recommended!!), but with your time.  If you were unlucky such as I, you will be walking back and forth for some time (granted I did it at 2x or 3x speed with an external program, explanation below) which adds up to poor gameplay.  I was truly frustrated with the obscure late game plot quests (mainly the worm tunnel + spore jungle + powering the mutagen door, I made that journey about 8 times after selecting the wrong power) that I feel it has let the entire game down and will turn any new people to the genre away.If you’re patient however, the first ¾ of the game are great, the last ¼ not so much- but I did enjoy the boss battle and final wrap up- A good solid ending to a game means a lot to me and I was pleased with this game.Thanks to the devs for making this game, it’s quite a rare experience and one that I very much enjoyed.. mostly (deep carverns i'm looking at you!)*******************************************************************************Technical issues and other stuff.If you get mouse lag on full screen, I would highly recommend ‘Borderless Gaming’ a steam downloadable app which I got after almost giving up on this game… The program removed and fullscreened the games 1920*1080 window and removed the borders.. as described :D, also works with other programs, does a good job of it and is very light.At around the 20 hour mark, I simply got fed up with travel times, it was starting to hurt my enjoyment of the game so I hunted for a program to speed up and slow down the game.  After my first play through, I have negated 20 hours, of a 100 play time by simply speeding up and slowing walking around (Not exploring new areas-just getting from A to B).(Calculated from steam game play time-100hours, vs borderless gaming play time 80 hours, ran them both always).Be prepared to walk everywhere, like I said- I cut out 20 hours of just walking."
76561197999018200,Recommended,250520,30730662,Posted: 25 March,all,Lord Azlan,"TL:DR Summary - Delicious RPG puzzle pure gold. Stamina requiredOld School Game. Nostalgia. No hand holding. No maps. No clues.UnderRail is an isometric turn based combat RPG set in underground caverns long after the Earth's surface has been made inhospitable to human life.The graphics are barely respectable. Music and sound just about reach appropriate.There is a 'feel' of Fallout running through and I agree with the developer, a bit of System Shock 2 as well. Those two particular games ride high on my ALL TIME list of favourite games.What the developer has done is complete some DEEP THOUGHT into game systems and character development and the resulting offer sits heads and shoulders above its high budget contemporaries and even above a lot of the stuff that has been made since Fallout.UnderRail is a game that reminds us that heroes are not ALL EVERYTHING, ALL PRO GODS of being the best with every weapon, master of all electronics, ninja stealth characters who happen to be the best blacksmith and tailor too. In fact, heroes are forged in fire and ice and OVERCOME their weaknesses as well as maximising their strengths.There will be a lot of weaknesses to overcome too. You won't be able to open every lock and beat every opponent and make friends with every NPC.Straight from the start you experience the goodness on the character creation screen. It's so cruel, having to CHOOSE your characters skills and attributes. Every choice you make eliminates five others from your repertoire. There are 23 skills to choose from and although you are given a whopping number of points to spend at the beginning and then at every level up, believe me - it is not a lot. NO WAY.You may delude yourself into thinking you, YOU, might have the wisdom of Solomon and create the perfect character combination that can do it all, indeed part of the fun is trying to do exactly doing that. Alas, harsh reality touches us all.The game seems overwhelming at first and no doubt “How do I load bullets into my gun” is one of the most asked questions. The developer has provided an opening little tutorial that helps you to get familiar with combat and stealth and using the various tools you can use.The opening base sits across many levels where you can interact with vendors and take on some quests.The trading system is one of the MOST DIABOLICAL ever seen. The weapons vendor for example will only buy three guns, NOT FOUR and the doctor will only buy four medicines, NOT FIVE. It’s one of the mysteries of all time why the developer did it this way. This was probably done to stop the player getting very rich too quickly or maybe to be realistic. What this means in game play terms is that in this post-apocalyptic world where thieves, scavengers and other people have picked the world clean, you end up ditching expensive machine guns and credible armour suits on the floor as there is nowhere to sell it. The phrase TOTAL FAIL comes to mind.The game includes a crafting system where you can buy or find blueprints that give you the knowledge to create weapons, armour, medicines and basically most things in the game. It is pretty neat but the simple interface holds it back from being truly awesome. Once I tried to specialise in the Biology skill with the aim of making my own healing items. Even here the process got very complicated. It seems to me now there is a level of knowledge and involvement that some players could enjoy. Others might want to bypass the crafting altogether and just buy what they need.The combat might be the best I have ever seen in turn based combat as there are many things to consider before you even engage. Guns, bombs, traps, mines, different damage types. You will quickly learn you need both an offence and defensive strengths and there is a great feeling of satisfaction after winning through some of the harder battles. For a down to Earth guns and bullets game there is also a mage-type option they call a PSI build. Here you can sacrifice some health for magical abilities such as fire and freezing and the more interesting skills such as creating wall barriers between you and foes.The game includes lots of fascinating options to really delve into its complexity and this is where the game absolutely shines. The puzzle is creating a character concept to navigate through all the challenges thrown your way. Playing on EASY might soften this for you and I would recommend that if you are an average player like this writer. A NORMAL play through will lead to constant frustration unless you are of expert RPG experience where your character design would involve reducing aspects that you won’t need as much to maximise your strengths. For example, if not a PSI user you would reduce your Willpower on the character creation screen and increase a different ability such as Strength.66 hours in and I still have not decided on my favourite character build. I have tried guns, stealth, crafting and PSI builds.My highest achievement is being killed by the same robot three times in the same sitting. I found a missing drill for one mission that had me tearing my hair out. It’s a fantastic game that will develop the old brain matter and definitely unlike any other game on the market now. It’s supreme in its gaming systems and lacking any hand holding or graphical substance.DANGER – BEWARE. PURE GOODNESS INSIDE"
,Recommended,250520,35173653,Posted: 24 September,all,Tweed,"More than just a loveletter to the isometrics and Fallout titles of yesteryear, Underrail is honestly no different than any other  crpg you would have found on the shelf during the mid 90s and that's why I love it. The game is no cargo cultish retro experience which is so common in the modern crpg, rather for good and bad it plays just like the classics.It also means no map to guide you and no hints to hold your hand as you wander into highly dangerous areas filled with newcomer slaughtering monsters. Combat itself can come down to who gets in the first crossbow bolt to the head and many reloads of frustration depending on how you play.The character system demands specialization which goes against the modern day ""see it all and do it all"" sandbox style so common now and as such it provides the chance to create really bad characters that force you to restart hours after you've made the fatal error.The story can get a little out there, but I appriciate the fact that it makes no attempts to be philosophically deep and meaningful, it gets the job done and in this day and age that's a tall order for a crpg to make. It's also quite the long game, sure to keep your busy for a time even if you don't need to reroll. So if you've let this one slip by you and you consider yourself a fan of the old isometric style crpgs then this one is worth checking out. Also keep in mind that an expansion is in development as of this writing."
76561197972226499,Recommended,250520,560830,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Punch Rockgroin™,Anyone who likes Fallout would like this.
76561198060007223,Recommended,250520,25379579,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,marczub123,"If you want a game that-Doesnt hold you hand-Will murder you Dark Souls style if you try something stupid-Will reward you for making careful gameplay choices-Doesnt give you glowing gold quest markers down a safety padded well lit hallway towards goals-Makes you feel accomplished for succeding at itThis is YOUR gamesawesome atmosphere, great funIf you want an easy, sit and chill, relaxing game. Then not for you.Eagerly awaiting a sequel!"
76561197976018588,Recommended,250520,13121503,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sb^,"Fallout 1 and 2 fans need to buy this.Pros:Lots of content for EA game: 70 hours logged alreadyThis has stealth and pickpocket skill, Wasteland 2 does not:) A must for these types of games! I love hoarding loot and selling it:)No game breaking bugs encountered so far.I could go on and on, I just love these types of games.Cons:Not many tbhI would like to be able to maybe reset or redistribute misspent attribute and skill points.Maybe the devs could throw in some skill point books which could be found or earned from side quests.No world map but then again the game is set underground, so thats fine.While I like the crafting element it seems to require to many skill points to create elite items.All in all I would like to thank the developers in creating this well made and thought out game."
76561198013789779,Recommended,250520,19702569,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Level 1 Commoner,"This game has everything I ever wanted from a CRPG. I literally had to force myself to stop playing at 22 hours because I wanted to enjoy the full game and not the 90% finished version I got when I bought it. If you are into cutting edge graphics and need super sound effects it is obviously not for you (which is ok). But if you like challenging games with deep character  and story progression, which take you seriously as a player and don't treat you like a mentally challenged guinea pig this game is for you.10/10"
76561198004024979,Recommended,250520,16512395,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,CommanderSpleen | Gamdom.com,Ever played Fallout 1 & 2? Do you like Interplay or Obsidian? Do you want to kill things in a top down view? Is your life a wreck? do you want to take out your angry on mutated animals in a post-apoctalyptic subway? Then this is the game for you.Beat Ratula to death with a sledgehammer.........Best game ever.
,Recommended,250520,19733361,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Space Broncho,Fallout with extremely engaging combat instead of an extremely engaging storyline. One of the best RPGs of the last decade.
,Recommended,250520,20130403,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Breke,This game is excellent.If you ever wanted another Fallout 1/2/tactics like game this is the one.It sticks to the RPG elements seen in those games as well as adds some great new aspects. The crafting system is very well done. With the right stats and skill you can break down any item for parts and then build another but add in special items. There is alot of room for varying play styles with this feature. There are so many unique ways to play the game I have only put in 40 hours so far but this is one of my favorite games in my library.Worth every penny!
,Recommended,250520,26078808,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CrazyCrux,Vastly underrated game. This is what Fallout 3 should have been. Get this: I actually have to play the game more than once to experience everything it has to offer...THAT is how you create replay value.
,Recommended,250520,13097562,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,[ЯтR] Msgt. Friend-or-Pho,"Fans of isometric, turn-based, RPGs should seriously consider picking up Underral.Underrail stays true to the format, while maintaining a unique flavor. Not content with riding the coattails of famous iso RPGs such as Fallout, Underrail creates a unique vibe and world that does not run on nostalgia alone. With more content and tweaks to gameplay always coming, the game is set to only get better. And what content that is already implemented is excellent.With its combination of psychic powers, cyberpunk, and post apocolyptic-chic, Underrail occupies an place at the crossroads of Shadowrun, Metro 2033, and Fallout."
76561197971269530,Recommended,250520,15017216,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,deliamic,Already very polished and absolutely re-playable.
,Recommended,250520,16473616,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,EbolaaVirus,"Great game worth supporting. Rarely have I ever been inspired to write a review, or kind word for a game and even more rarely have I taken the time to do so while at work. I cannot stop thinking about this game and what I'm going to do next. I didn't even realize it was Early Access until after I purchased it, got hooked, and started researching more about the game and how others are experiencing it. It does not feel like an Early Access game. Amazing job. Brings back memories of Fallout 1, 2 and Jagged Alliance all while bringing more depth and customization. Can't recommend this enough."
76561198003646005,Recommended,250520,21287978,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,g3n3th3r4py,"Simplistic, challenging, and balanced turn-based RPG.  The ambiance of the game is fantastic and true to its title, and has a good storyline so far as I've made it.  I've owned the game since early beta and the developer(later -s) did an absolutely amazing job regularly updating the content and balancing the game features, and took into consideration many of the unbalanced characteristics recommended by the community.  This has lead to one of my top 3 favorite RPGs - thank you!I think many early access games should use UnderRail as a model for development progression.  Although the game is simplistic relative to many others being released these days, the regular pace of content releases is absolutely necessary and actually kept the players involved.My only complaint with UnderRail is the fact that it's extremely difficult to be a well-rounded character, delving into crafting or another form of combat on top of your primary skill set.  You learn this after the first few plays.  It would be really cool to play through the game as a master of crafting/traps, letting your bag of tricks do the big kills rather than your weapons, or have a balanced Psi/melee set.  Regardless, I love the game!"
76561198003036772,Recommended,250520,22109548,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sloul,"I first downvoted the game because its ending drove me insane.As it is the first game that ever manage to put me in such raging mood, I thought it was logical to downvote it, despite having a great time with its content otherwise.I stopped playing, and gave myself a break of couple days to try it a second time with the aim to beat the ending.Ill establish my opinion of the game through this review, but the first thing that need to get done is to explain what is Underrail ending.Underrail Ending is its own game. And it can suck a large amount of your time if you are not prepared and did not read a guide before hand. It might also very much be a sequence of the game that you can't finish (because 1-2 puzzles are completely delirious); it might also prove impossible to beat to certain character builds; and the possible worst part is the crazy backtracking that it will ask you if you don't help yourself with a guide of sort.A little spoiler before the end game  is actually a good thing, so, at some point in the game, when you believe you're near a major turning point in the ending, try to gather as much info about DC (the end game zone) as you can before jumping in.Now that we are past that, the game is great. And its ratio play value / price might be one of the very best out there for single player games.It starts very slow, would it be gameplay-wise or writing-wise, but after 15-20 hours play time gets a lot better (fallowing the main quest), and it only gets better, and better, and better in all aspect.To a certain point where you'll notice that its questlines are very linear and do not offer any alternative that the player might think off.After beating the game, you'll get those awesome sliders that will tell you how things are for the various stations that you visited, but sadly, it suffers from the same ''narrow'' writing than the quests, the author interprets your actions, instead of just stating the state of things.I personnally loved the plot, even though I think there and there are some holes, but I can objectively say that Underrail offers among the most memorable moments that video games can offer."
,Recommended,250520,18860679,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,sidd,"Its a very fun game. Usually, I know an RPG is for me when I am compelled to restart the game multiple times over to test out different builds (much to the chagrin of a friend). While the game is in early access there is a staggering amount of content already in it and the ridiculous amount of combat viable builds in this game warrants a playthrough even in its current state. The game is $10.00 right now - thats cheaper then a lunch for me these days which I think makes it a steal."
76561198036298426,Recommended,250520,19775322,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Oscore,"Wonderful take on the fallout style RPG. It has an engaging storyline, with solid and intuitive combat that offers a pretty cool variety of what you can do in combat. The story is definitely what is going to carry you through a majority of the game, and honestly thats a good thing. A game like this hinges on how engaging that is, and Underrail does a magnificent job of it. This tied with an honestly fun gameplay produces an entirely enjoyable experience."
76561198006836122,Recommended,250520,18504111,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DutchBlak,"Awesome character buildingTons of itemsCombat is deep enoughThe price is super generous IMO, if you like this kind of game just buy it"
,Recommended,250520,19853885,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,҉҉҉Ψ҉҉҉,"I'm just speechless. That game is gorgeous. At first i was like ""looks ok, i'm gonna give it a try"". And i was absolutely shocked about how deep and interesting it turns out. So let's look closely what make this game THAT much entertaining and unique:-First thing comes by is atmosphere and design, maybe you'll say design is not that differ compare to other indie games, but one thing is really important is how detailed locations, specially city's, railroads, hidden facilities etc. Cities looks like a citys: corruption, oligarchy, bands, mercenaries, sectants. On the other side are mindless mutants, wild creatures, freaking robots, good lord, they got everything.-Scenario is a great, solid work. In our times it's become really hard to find one. Everything seems logic and on the place where it should be. Great dialogs, nothing seems to be forgotten and left for lazy hand.-Game mechanics, different ways of tactics, yes yes, not big mouthed lie from AAA game devs, here it's true.-One of the most important things for me is exploring, and here you'll find it at the finest, almost endless deep caverns, underground passages, metro ways. So much options, so much things to do, can't get enough of it.-Craft system just right how it's needed, not so easy one and not so overwhelming with needless details.-Fights provide accurate level of challenging. Which is very important.For me it feels how devs inspired by other games, but took everything they like, cutted everything that was distrubing, added some extra from themselfs, and again made one gorgeous, uniqe, solid masterpiece.Only one thing is missing is a map, atleast that one from underrail wiki with outlines, proved to be one hell of a useful.Waiting for anythings, addons, new locations, campaigns, even new games, goodfkn luck.And remember, there is no such thing as hard fight, there is not enough bear traps! :D"
,Recommended,250520,19789698,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Shirsh,"Visually looks like ummm... nevermind, but gameplay looks inspired by games like Fallout and Arсanum, it does many things as good as them and goes better in many ways.Optional crafting abilities and psi-powers that works as sci-fi version of magic move game closer to Arcanum than to Fallout actually. Game provide wide field to experimenting with different character builds and specializations.So far story feels good and not stick to common RPG tropes too much. Characters have well-shaped distinctive personalities. World feels like place that exist by itself, not like a theme park around of player character.Senses of adventure, exploration, riddles and mysteries included.Good old ""save/reload, lose that fight another dozen of enraged attempts until you finally get lucky with crit"" here too >_<2-3 hrs required to get used to interface and graphics but when you do it starts to be awesome.10 cave-hoppers who bumps in you while you trying to sneak past psi-powered beetles out of 10.Oh and by default it uses experience system that not depends on combat directly."
76561198042521134,Recommended,250520,19778247,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,largepaw,"UnderRail... The game is awsome!! Styg and crew, what a job you have done. Bringing back the true old-school Turn based RPG in away that keeps you invovled and just wanting more and more. The final polish looks phenomel. Crafting is a sight to behold and adds so much flavor to the game, it's like Give Me Give Me, and a steal at $15 bucks OMG! Should be $30 IMO. Look guys get this game! You will not be disappointed. Atrue gem... My 2 cents"
,Recommended,250520,19784703,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Chauden,"If you want something as close as the original Fallout as you can, search no more.Not that this means that the game doesn't have its own personality. The setting is more reminiscent of the games of the ""Metro"" series, rather than Fallout, but with an added touch of fiction with psychic powers. Combat is turn-based and you only control your (single) character. But with the addition of psychic powers, various types of ammunition, feats and other new things, it ends up being quite varied.The music also very reminiscent of the fist Fallout games, with its minimalist style, with sounds that blend with the environment, helping the feel of the post-apocalyptic atmosphere of the game. The visuals, well, you can see in the screenshot up there: it's great.The game also offers a crafting system, you can (and need to) repair items, lockpicking, hacking, stealth... I mean, you already know if you will like it at this point.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,250520,22970960,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Exka,"This is pretty much the best Fallout after Fallout 1 and 2. Although it is not titled Fallout, but don't let that fool you, since this is more falloutlike and falloutesque than the recently published Fallout 4.I highly recommend this game for fans of Fallout 1 and 2 and other post-apocalyptic turn-based tactics RPG aficionados."
,Recommended,250520,34225801,Posted: 13 August,all,Chemical Reaction,"As far as isometric RPGS are concerned, this is the most fun I've ever had. Literally ever. This game is amazingly detailed and complex, filled to the brim with awesome, little quests and secrets that require a lot of patience and skill to weed out... However this is tarnished by the most ridiculous level of difficulty I've ever encountered in an RPG, and I had to abandon my character at one point because I literally could not progress any further. :(I get that it's supposed to be hardcore, but I kind of want to have the feeling of being able to take down more than 3 human enemies (ridiculously hard) at a time, which at the point of my qutting 16 hours in was nearly entirely impossible, no matter what abilities, items, or psychic powers I used. And this was on normal difficulty.As for the world, I adore it, personally, even if the writing is fairly often boring or not very engaging.I'd still give it a 9/10, it's a really damn good game, just play it on the easiest difficulty."
76561198001017785,Recommended,250520,7916733,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ridcully,"You liked Fallout... the good ones?  This is a deep, oldschool, turn based cRPC. Draw a map if you like and don't expect any quest markers or other mood killers here. It is not yet finished, but the developer is very active and constantly expanding the game. I had no errors or crashes so far... and it really is a bargain."
76561198032546924,Recommended,250520,32162973,Posted: 3 June,all,Dr.D,After spending well over 100 hours on this game i came to the comclusion that it has the perfect amount of in combat and out of combat actions and options and both affect each other. The mechanics are somewhat overwhelming to new players but perfect after some time getting used to it.I highly suggest making the first run of the game on easy difficulty and then moving to normal and hard when you start mowing everything down with your build of choise. A lot of optimazation and options are avalible for your build and almost anything works if you take the time to build it.Treat the game as playing D&D with a brutal killer DM and you will love it.Also its a good note that the story is amazing and i would kill to have an underrail 2 or some expansion that goes on what happans next in the story. Its simply an amazing story that left me wanted more and more after you find all the hidden story the game has to offer.
76561198176967967,Recommended,250520,31161772,Posted: 15 April,all,egabramov,"Definitely, one of the best RPG games of the last years.- solid gameplay that eourmously depends on you character development (YUGE replayablity)- good lore and interesting plot- truly non-linear gameThe only considerable downside is the final part of the game which is so tedious and boring that I simply gave up on playing it (and I still absolutely LOVED this game despite not finishing it)"
76561198048734677,Recommended,250520,17713170,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Markyheadshot,"By far the best old school turn-based post-apocalyptic rpg I have played in a while, I was hooked in no time.Played for 40-50 hrs and are not even remotely tired of it yet, and this game isn't even finished!Some bugs and balances to be worked out, but at least they didn't dumb this one down.You have to think a bit to understand certain aspects and for me it's just great to play.9/10Buy it if you liked the old fallout 1 and 2, it's definitively worth it :)"
76561198038385081,Recommended,250520,29463593,Posted: 24 January,all,A Filthy Australian,"Its really ♥♥♥♥ing good if you like games with a very heavy focus on character building + exploration, as well as ball crunchingly hard difficulty."
,Recommended,250520,28091820,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Peppermint Nightmare,"I (foolishly) avoided UnderRail at first because of the name.Turns out, UnderRail is the best CRPG I've played since Fallout and Fallout 2.I can't give this game enough praise, so I won't even try.  If you liked Fallout and Fallout 2, buy and play UnderRail."
76561198121243456,Recommended,250520,26172143,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,jeaniemicheli,I would recomend this gamer for any HARDCORE PC cRPGer.  I have been a PC crpger since 1984 and this title is HARDCORE. Unlike todays games it will not hold ur hand. There is no map so you have to pay attention. Im only 12 hour's in but will continue to play till its completion. Now 52 hours in and it keeps getting better. This is how I remember cRPGs. Hardcore old school AWESOME cRPG!
76561198081070809,Recommended,250520,27403229,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Peekachu,"This is not an RPG that will hold your hand.Enemies take a long time to respawn, so grinding your way to victory is discouraged. Items are set on a strict cooldown to ensure you can't rely on healing to win your battles. You will have no party members to save you. You will always be outnumbered 5 to 1. Monsters can and will stun you and spend the next turn hitting you for 75% of your health. You will not be able to max out all your stats. Any wasted level ups can spell the end for your build. Your inventory is limited, and vendors only buy a select few items at a time. There is no map of any kind. There is nothing keeping you from walking into enemies far beyond your level and getting killed.Yes, you're going to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, but that's what the save system is for."
76561197966105913,Recommended,250520,19765746,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Revixy,This is basicly the Fallout game you asked for.I played this back when it was in Early Access and even then it was pretty impressive.
76561198086574314,Recommended,250520,19774114,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,NoodleyOne,My god... the incline. The GLORIOUS INCLINE!You could spend years just on the character creation. So many options. Such a good game.
,Recommended,250520,8133435,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Fiannawolf,"Where has this game been all my life?? Gladly parted with 7 bucks to get into this. Reminds me of SNES Shadowrun, Fallout 1/2, a dash of Metro setting and wham! Iso-strat fun! I love the fact that I have to talk to people to get quest points. Ive always enjoyed games that give you exp for things other then combat."
76561198097559196,Recommended,250520,23994904,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,silverj,"It is a slow game. Mostly just wondering around in an endless maze of caves with no map to guide you. I loved it.If you're used to the kind of hand-holding you get from AAA games like Skyrim - quest markers, area map, someone always around to point you to the correct direction, this game might not be for you. You're on your own.I played as an assassin, lurking around and backstabbing people. Was fund yet challenging - can't just run into a group of baddies and start whacking, it takes some planning to survive. At one point I set up about 30 traps to be able to stop the goons coming at me. Bled those guys out with bear traps.Crafting is an interesting part of the game. Hunt down the best quality parts and create the most awesome weapon or armor in the game. Or just skip that and spend a heap of coin instead, your choice. The economy in the game was a bit out of balance, I think, as my locker in the private quarters was always full of expensive weapons to sell, and I never ran out of money either.Except for the Deep Caverns where money makes no difference whatsoeverLovely, lovely game. I thoroughly enjoyed the ""just wander around in caves and see what you can find"" style of playing. The game itself won't force you to hurry up, so you've got all the time in the world. Refreshing to see a game like this among the hordes of way-too-dumbed-down games out there."
,Recommended,250520,27467309,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Serenity94,"It's like the old Fallout games but with way more in-depth combat and gameplay mechanics. The leveling system is interesting and the Oddity XP system is a nice break from the usual XP grinding. The combat is well thought out and immersive with many options.What really caught my attentin was the psionic abilities. Inducing a nervous breakdown on an enemy and setting them on fire afterwards? Or freezing them into a solid ice cube then shattering them to million pieces with a well placed snipe shot? All possible.The game allows many approach to certain situations. A stealthy sniper-assassin build is just as viable as a tanky brawler-melee build or a psionic monk who fights with his fists and his mind. You can talk yourself out of situations or you can completely bypass them with sneaking.The skill system is nicely thought out. You can't just dump all your skill point into one stat on early levels, because there is a limit which corresponds to your level. Imo it balances out the character progression pretty well and makes build more rounded.The only negative things I can think of is the tedious backtracking and some sudden difficulty spikes. Be prepared to spend many hours just walking with little action. Also Depot A likes to go in dry.Overall it's a very nice and engaging game with many new and unique ideas and mechanics. The vast amount of content gives it great replay value and the playtime is excellent too (around 50 hours if you just focus on the main storyline). It's a shame it doesn't get more exposure. A true hidden gem.9/10"
76561198028475875,Recommended,250520,14813975,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Crows,"Fantastic game. It feels deep without being overwhelming, and the quests feel organic in their dialogue, reasoning, and solutions. I am really looking forward to seeing more from Stygian."
,Recommended,250520,20512666,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,fonetikli,"Stunning isometric RPG with solid writing, crushing difficulty and gorgeous graphics.  The world is comprehensive and believable.  All puns aside, this game does not feel as though it is ""on rails"" - a huge relief for me as someone made cynical by other games in the genre that run entirely linearly.If I had to complain about anything, it would be that creatures in some locations respawn - useful for grinding to level yourself up - but otherwise just annoying and a dent on the ""believability"" of the world.What might seem frustrating at times in this game will soon become extremely satisfying as your character grows.  I suggest playing on 'Normal' difficulty and then preparing yourself to die a lot; knowing you will eventually learn to exploit weaknesses in the various enemies encountered throughout the UnderRail.This is an excellent game - my fingers are crossed for a sequel."
,Recommended,250520,30275554,Posted: 2 March,all,Akiles,"Totally recommended, this game was a huge surprise for me.Positive:Great world inmersion and storytelling, you really feel you are in the Underrail scavenging your way through and trying to survive.10 out of 10 gameplay, with a lot of different builds to go for based on your feats.All the quests are related in the world you live in and they serve a purposeHuge map with rewards for explorationDeep lore and AMAZING writingLoot2 different EXP level modes to choose from.Negative:No map, the map is very large with lots of zones, you will get lost.The last zone of the game, in my opinion there is a lack of information, its really hard to pull off without a guide unless you are willing to expend 10+ hours wandering around."
,Recommended,250520,34851857,Posted: 9 September,all,Lemoe,"It can take tens of hours (and more than a few characters) before you really get a hang of the game and get into it, but once you do, you're hooked. The game is heavily focused on combat and building your character, and for the most part you won't ever end up as an unkillable death machine by the end, like some games."
,Recommended,250520,29708502,Posted: 4 February,all,A Leaf,"A fantastic CRPG, that builds on the foundations set by games like Fallout and Baldur's gate. Not only does it replicate what made those games good, but it also improves upon them, and actually fixes many of the issues found within them.Great combat and exploration, deep lore, and amazing writing. I enjoy every second I play of it. Sure, it's hard, but all CRPGs are. The RPG elements make it possible to replay it multiple times, too, making it a fantastic value proposition. Tons of hours, across multiple characters.My complaints, of course, would be that the game is rather buggy, and that the stealth is irritatingly forced, during some sections. Also, I feel as though you die too quickly.That said, this is one of the best CRPGs to come out, and you should get it."
,Recommended,250520,22338691,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,nickhendrix,"If you loved the ORIGINAL Fallout games, and I mean LOOOOVVVVEEEDDD them the way I do, this game is your new crack. Fantastic, sprawling world to explore. Monsters and bad guys abound. Tremendous freedom to build your character in dozens of diffrent ways from hammer swinging madman, armor-encased machine gunner, different specialities of psionics to choose from(or not!) and every stealth-type character you can imagine. These are just a few of the possibilities of build types available for you to explore!Can't recommend highly enough for fans of orginal Fallout, isometric games.FIVE STARS *****"
,Recommended,250520,22747392,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Cheese,"Like a Fallout 2.5 this is a good game for those of us who love s good isometric RPG.However, the final part is such a chore that I came away resenting this game for its awful latter stages.3/5."
76561197997714171,Not Recommended,250520,30157608,Posted: 24 February,all,Snipehamster,"A complex and faithful love letter to the isometric RPG classics, weighed down by a pathological obsession with being as gruelling, counterintuitive and time-consuming as possible."
76561198027455960,Recommended,250520,12215756,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,darkgritty,"If you like Fallout 1 and 2 - buy this game.It is the real thing, the Fallout legacy you've been waiting for.The ayatollah of metropolitan rock and rolla.Very interesting rich and complex gameplay. It feels like old Fallout, but with tons of new immersive features and mechanics on top, as well as unique and engaging setting and storyline. The versatility is superb - each situation, each encounter can be played in several different ways. The stats, the skills, the perks the equipment you choose all have a big impact, your choice is meaningful, you will feel its weight.I recommend to play on normal difficulty with oddities xp (you don't get xp for killing stuff, only for completing quests and examining odd stuff you find while exploring vast underground labyrinth of Underrail). Be prepared though to get your butt kicked, as Underrail can be hard and unforgiving. Just turn on your tactical thinking and try different options - you will be surprised how well it works, and when you pull it off - its the best rewarding experience you can get from playing an rpg."
,Recommended,250520,12294400,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Shroomhead,"UnderRail is intriguing, have interesting game mechanics, some kind of walkthrough varieties based on skill choices and dialogues - which are good for replayability, it's also turn based and have some other nice features as crafting to dig and develope.It's a very promising game - I played & enjoyed alpha some time ago and looking for any updates and progress, to discover and complete the game story. I want to admit that game is quite challenging in some ways and that's good.I also don't see any pathos and loud words around the title so it's still a little bit undiscovered and that's good - developer gonna be more focused on game, instead of populism which is more popular as far as we live. I respect that and wishing Stygian Software all the best."
,Recommended,250520,20543468,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Piotr the Slayer,"In a post apocaliptic underground world called Underrail, prepare to embark on a, sadly not that well written adventure, but that grows on you regarding imersion, atmosphere and complex tactical combat. Choose your weapon, from crossbows and daggers to psionic abilities, or chose none at all and solve all your difficulties diplomatically. A great game with a great and complex enviroment. 9/10, for the aforementioned lack of a well written storyline."
76561197974800056,Recommended,250520,22415856,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Nores,"Overall its an enjoyable game for those who liked original Fallout 1 style games (post apocalyptic world, turn based combat). There are enough options in character building to make it interesting, areas are varied enough that it is interesting to explore and combat can be challenge at time. The oddity xp system is also great for those who like to sneak around  without killing everything.However it is far from perfect. Namely the balance is very questionable. RPG system is pretty much railroaded into (crafter/ weapon/defence) min maxing. Which if done right trivializes game.  But it also penalizes for not spreadsheeting the build beforehand - because every attribute point matters, feats are precious and there is no respecs of any kind at all. Crafting is pretty much a must if playing on hard  and if you dont engage in it games becomes much harder, while on other hand crafted items can be wildly overpowering.But as a whole its a neat game with a lot of content and well worth the buy"
76561197970801497,Recommended,250520,19718966,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MoViNg TaRgEt,If you like games like fallout 1 and 2 you will like this game.
,Recommended,250520,19556593,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hagamablabla,"This game takes new approaches in RPG design in many places. From the oddity experience system, to the great crafting system, Underrail shows that, even in a genre as solidified as the turn based RPG, you can still come up with something new."
76561198011211590,Recommended,250520,20264136,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gorno,This game can easily compete with the best of the old-school RPGs.  I commend the developer for their attention to detail.
76561198070126792,Recommended,250520,19807736,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,johndoe1927,"This game is amazing. Exactly the type of throw back, turn based, multipathed, rpg i was looking to buy at a 3am on a friday. This was obviously a labor of love, and you'll love it too."
,Recommended,250520,23760705,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Racter,"UnderRail indeed is one of the most magnificent RPGs I have ever played. Prepare yourself for an old-school post-apocalyptic masterpiece, where noone can be trusted and everyone play their game. Brutal envirohment and hardcore fightinng system won't get you bored, as well as overwhelming plot and mind-blowing twists of it. If any of you suffer gaming impotence, buy this game and launch it IMMEDIATELY.Besides everything good and adorable in this game. I disliked some things in game mechanics and, of course, Boss fight due to it extreme difficulty for specific character builds. However, It is just a question of tastes.9/10."
,Recommended,250520,28401835,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Imagine,"This is a real gem of a game, If you like isometric RPG i'd highly recommend not passing this one up. The world is huge and I found myself still wanting more when I hit the end (luckily there is more being made). There's a great game here at a very reasonable price and the potential to take it alot farther as the game ends on a pseudo cliffhanger, i expect there will probably be more even after the expansion which I'm patiently waiting for."
,Recommended,250520,19462366,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Semag | FR,"Just spent 66 hours in two weeks on this game with only one character yet...I'm nearly at the ""end"" of the alpha (NOT the final ending) and all I can say is GO FOR IT !Just don't let your enemy hide behind an opened door frame :x"
,Recommended,250520,19802605,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,MucMash,the undertale sequel looks great!
,Recommended,250520,16623017,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,The real Fallout sequel that never was but should have been.
,Recommended,250520,14951539,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Big Richard,Despite this being early access I am thoroughly impressed. I bought this in order to tide me over for after reset. I currently have 50 hrs in this whereas after reset lasts only 5 minutes currently.Its a mixture of metro 2033/last light and the original fallouts. a perfect combination in my opinion.
,Recommended,250520,20198637,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,a sated bird that looks to the f,REALLY good crafting system decent game gonna play this for 200 hours.eDIT: Im gonna play the expansion and get the 200 hours
,Recommended,250520,23137665,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[ZSU] Strongbow,"Underail is a great throwback to old-school RPG's. It has that overwhelming level-up system that initially makes you feel like you're drowning in numbers but is extremely rewarding once you understand it. The oddity system is an interesting way to play, and i'd recommend everybody try it for your first character, it lets you really play your character the way you designed it, if you want to stealth your way across the map you wont be penalized for it. Another great thing about Underail is that you'll have to work most things out for yourself, no flashing compass indicator to follow, no big green arrow pointing the way, you'll have to explore and figure things out as you go, and pay attention to what NPC's tell you.The combat system is standard turn-based stuff, very unforgiving and you'll need to pick your battles well. I really enjoyed Underrail and i think anybody that likes the genre will too. You really need to imagine yourself in the world to fully enjoy the game. It's an immersive experience.The story is pretty standard stuff, maybe a little dry, but the atmosphere of the world itself is enough to keep me occupied for hours.I'd recommend this game to anybody that enjoys steam-punk sci-fi and turn-based gameplay."
76561198040772591,Recommended,250520,29148516,Posted: 9 January,all,MrMarzipan,"Difficult, brutal and rewarding.I love the crafting system, and the potential to min max and come up with a lot of very different and viable builds and play styles.  Very replayable."
76561198023510229,Recommended,250520,19825985,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,mrpink,"Excellent game! It's not too hard at all, you just need to think what you're doing a bit."
76561197989215236,Recommended,250520,19769908,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Phyroks,It feels so much like fallout 2. Great game if you enjoyed fallout series back in the days. Very good immersion!
,Recommended,250520,7886411,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,InsanePsychic,"A role-playing game in the same vein as the classic isometric games of Black Isle, Troika and the early Bioware titles.UnderRail is still in alpha, yet a nice chunk of quests and gameplay has been implemented already, giving early buyers the opportunity to try out the game, as well as help the developers optimise and improve it.The game takes place after an unknown apocalypse, in the old subway systems of an unnamed city. Various people band together in subway stations in order to survive the dangers of raiders and mutated creatures roaming the underground caves. The player, having just joined one such station, sets out to prove his worth to his new family, while also finding the time to complete a variety of minor jobs, much like in any other role-playing game.The graphics are solid, without being mind-blowing. It is also obvious that some things, such as portraits for the various characters in the game has not been implemented yet. Likewise, the inventory icons could do with an overhaul in order to better differentiate the (already very large selection) of items. Even so, the graphics are nice enough all around, and for the older players, they will almost certainly inspire nostalgic thoughts of gaming in the 90's.The music is nothing exceptional, yet it does not really grate either. The sound effects are likewise rather anonymous, yet functional, with guns popping, and hammers thumping when used in combat. Don't expect full voice-acting or anything of the sort. If reading dialogue is more of a bore than a joy, this game will not be appealing.The gameplay itself is lifted from games such as Fallout and Arcanum almost verbatim (which is in no way a bad thing, according to this reviewer) with various stats, skills and feats, all of which can become available to the player depending on his or her focus. The combat is turn-based, with movement and action points (which are also dependant on the character's stats), protection from armor, evasion and dodging, a wide variety of weapons, as well as psychic abilities. Like many older titles, this might seem a bit confusing at first, especially to newcomers to the genre. The game does provide plenty of tool-tips and pop-ups however, and with only a bare minimum of patience, most players should be able to figure out what's up and down.It also has to be mentioned that the game (in its current state) would probably be considered difficult by many. The player is initially very weak, and saving often is highly recommended. Once more, this is very much in the vein of older games, where games were often tough and unforgiving until players had gained a few levels and improved their characters a bit.While UnderRail still has a ways to go before it's done and would definitely benefit from continued updates and improvements all around, the game is already a solid offering for those who have yearned for games like those mentioned above.(This review was written as of the 0.1.9.1. alpha release of UnderRail)"
76561198021023278,Recommended,250520,12270640,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,stabs6055,"Really nicely done old school RPG. Made me feel like it was 1997 and I was playing a Fallout 2 but with an easier interface and deeper combat.Best things:The oddity XP system. There's an optional system where instead of gaining XP for usual RPG things, you instead only gain it when you find oddities. Sometimes these are found behind locked doors, sometimes in hard to reach areas, sometimes they're body parts of enemies (though these are limited). It works pretty well to reward all play styles, since the sneaky dude avoiding combat is still raking in XP by breaking into forbidden areas and looting their oddities.The combat's really fun. I loved Fallout, but combat really just came down to ""shoot everyone in the eyes"". Here you probably start with one or two abilities depending on which path you go down, and the special items are big game changers. A net to immobilise a powerful melee enemy while you gun him down can completely turn the battle. A bullet in the knee cap to slow someone down, a kick to the nuts to incapacitate someone, or a psychic power to summon a ghostly enemy to harrass them. The abilities actually matter and must be used to get through battles.The exploration element is pulled off really well. At the start of the game it feels scary to go outside to base: Attract one too many psi beetles at once and you're dead. There are also so many areas to explore at any one time, and you'll come across interesting things you might not have the skill to unlock yet or enemies that you can't quite handle yet, so it pays to draw out your own mini map. I don't know why I find this fun instead of annoying, but it seems to suit the genre to be taking paper notes for this game.The crafting system is great fun. You'll get the best weapons and gear out of crafting if you keep your skills up, rewarding a MacGuyver character who pumped electronics, mechanics and chemistry.Plus the graphics are pretty well done, the pixel work evoking the era well. There are no voiceovers or anything (except for a few combat shouts), but eh, I didn't really miss them. I'd rather just have text than cut rate voice acting. And the ambient sound is great, from constant hisses of machinery to echoing underground corridors, it really sets the scene,The only complaints I have are tiny, tiny things that'll hopefully be addressed as it progresses. For one it's really hard to tell if a merchant will buy a certain thing because the highlight system doesn't contrast the sellable item from all your other stuff very well. There's also some balancing to be done in the feats (too many ""Timmy Cards""), because some of the early ones sound good but once you get more of a sense of the game you realise they're pretty useless. For instance, early on psi users are desperately strapped for psi points and they don't regenerate, and my sense of the economy at the time was such that I couldn't imagine ever having enough psi boosters syringes. So I spent a feat that gave me psi points every time I picked a blue mushroom. I haven't seen a blue mushroom in about 20 hours now, and I'm so rich (despite no barter skill) that I have 50+ psi boosters. Feats that save you a few bucks can't compare to some of the awesome ones that cripple your enemies, but it's hard to realise that at the start of the game so it seems like a bit of a newbie trap. There's a couple odd balance things combat wise as well--by the time decent energy weapons appear, they're mostly blocked by energy shields (which are mostly bypassed by melee weapons, and partially crossbows too). But since energy weapons is governed under the same skill as conventional firearms, it's not like you're lost out investing a bunch of points in a useless skill. Still, hope they find their niche beyond shooting unshielded wildlife!Overall there's a lot of game here already for $10. have 43 hours logged at time of writing, and this is all just one character, and the quibbles are so tiny compared to the good stuff. I Can't wait to see the final product."
,Recommended,250520,19776301,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,DosBuster,"While it may not be up to our current-day Graphical Standard; UnderRail is a charming Indie title that not only evokes nostalgic qualities attached to cRPGs of the 90s, but also succesfully trying out some new tricks."
76561198058939378,Recommended,250520,24902364,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Your bestfriend,The only rpg i know where the enemy has the ability to stun spam and cheese as bad as you can. Great rpg.
76561198030539019,Recommended,250520,24171236,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,rride,"Very cool and enternaining despite simplistic graphics. The game doesn't let you to become bored: once you think you know everything, the game makes a sudden change in the plot or gives you a fun quest. At this point, I am 60 hours into the game and it is still fun.10/10 for the money spent."
76561197976923611,Recommended,250520,20422010,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TESM,"I've always really enjoyed Fallout 1 & 2. With the emergence of Wasteland 2 a year ago I was able to experience another enjoyable open-world exploring, turn-based battle game system.Underrail, which shares an unfortunate similar title to Undertale, has been a pleasant surprise. Here are some quick pros and cons:Pros:+Fun battle system when you figure out its many nuances+Much larger than you'd think+Difficulty is mostly balanced, especially when you know what you're doingCons:-Very steep learning curve for all the systems-Sometimes overwhelming amount of info-hard to navigate since there is no map (as far as I can tell)-enemies can ofetn be obscured by the isometric angle making it difficult to aim or accidentally walking to them instead or shooting. Kind of wished the Fallout 2 red outline was implemented for visible targets.To my understanding, one guy or a very small team made this, so props to them. The game's not perfect, but it recreates that addiciting quality Fallouts 1 and 2 had, despite their simplicity. As you can see, I've already put 40 hours into this game, playing with two different builds.While this game tries to have the comedic timing of the other games, I didn't find the writing here to be overyly witty. There are a few funny moments, though.Lastly, while the oddity system (a way of gaining EXP by doing quests and collecting oddities) is awkward at first, it's just fine. The creator also allows you to choose the classic style, where you kill to grow.I think this game is well worth the asking price, if you know you're getting into an isometric, doesn't-hold-your-hand, open-world exploring, turn-based battle game. If not, it's not a bad introduction to the genre, but it will be very difficult at first."
76561197960642462,Recommended,250520,20460839,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Malanir,It's been ages since i did want to rate a game 100 / 100.It is finally the case!!!!With complete honnesty i would say that if that game had more budget/money for it's development it would have been the RPG of the year on news/papers.Small Analysis:Pros :- FINALLY BUILD DIVERSITY- Real roleplay decision- Interesting universe- Difficulty- Lots of factions to find which suits you the best.- Replayability- Great combat system.- Great CraftingAnd so on....Cons :-No global map-Time to travel from places to places is a bit long (specially in big citys/spots).
76561198088644565,Recommended,250520,35040556,Posted: 18 September,all,Zedicus,"So I love games that have great character developement and great gameplay. This game has it all. I haven't beat this game yet, but I have put some time into it and I highly recomend it. If you like turn based RPG's than this game is for you. Lots of loot to get, lots of different character developement options and lots of world to explore. I would buy this game if this is your genre."
76561198066101405,Recommended,250520,17460764,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,emdope,"Hardcore RPG in which 3 games meet: Fallout / Deus Ex / Arcanum.Absolute must have for all postapocalytpic sci-fi rpg fans!Features:- Superb underworld system of hallways, corridors, caves and metro station-cities.- Turn based combat (like in Fallout's 1&2 - perfect!),- Crafting (like in Arcanum, recepy based)- Lots of action, which can also be combined with a different approach to win: hacking, stealth, energy shields (like in Deus Ex)- Lots of guns! (from shops, crafts)- That post-apo fallout like feel (more like a mystery in here- maybe even better!)Combine that all = Pure awesomeness! = UnderRail :)"
,Recommended,250520,25611105,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,stuart.thiel,"I'm a few hours into this and I'm loving it. Slow walking around is generally tedious, but it saves fast so when I screw up, I do go back. RNG is rough, but not unfamiliarly so. Anyway, short version is that it is well thought out and well executed. There's an attention to detail that hits all the right buttos for me, a nice balance of nostalgia and more modern/novel approaches makes for a good game. On sale today it's 100% worth picking up. Not on sale, probably still worth picking up. 9/10UPDATED REVIEWAlright, now I'm a ton of hours into this game. 50hrs in 2 weeks says steam... good thing my PhD supervisor doesn't use steam...The game continue to be awesome and scale unexpectedly well. Just when I'm thinking I'm rocking everything I geta chapter change and my world expands and suddenly I go from hot♥♥♥♥♥♥to luke-warm diarhea. It didn't make me feel bad, it made it not get boring.Other things I liked are the small-scale combat challenges you come across break up the larger dungeon-delving type experience. The town dialogue-heavy quests also help break the game into sections, giving it a very full and satisfying feeling. It's fairly open-world (with plausible limits), that you can switch between these types of play if you want to freshen the experience, and then go back as needed.Here's some suggestions to players to keep their game enjoyable:Don't overthink your skills, though I gotta say I'm putting pionts where I thought I wouldn't at character inception, just because there's cool stuff that I want. Don't read wikis about everything. The open and the unknown, learning through playing the game and talking to people, that's freakin' awesome!Do put a handful of points into throwing and carry grenades. I can't think of a reason not to do this, so don't be silly. I went forever throwing grenades with 0 points before I finally pumped it up to 10 with bonuses. Not having my grenades go all over the place is nice, but even when it was pretty random, it was awesome and usefulparticularly when I got swarmed. If you're doing a grenade build, I think you're going to have a really fun time and I look forward to doing my own grenade build.Do plan to play it again. Can't do something? No sweat, just tell yourself you'll plan a build for that next time. Can't craft it? Can't kill it? Next time. I can't wait to play through with crossbows.Do play with oddities. Oddities are a cool way to go up levels. I'm finding the progression smooth. I'll try the traditional way on another build, but really I'm digging it, and I think it's worth doing for the novelty alone. Given the bloodbath/completionist approach I usually favor, I'd be overpowered on kill/skill-based experience progression by now.Don't ruin the mystique of the game by over-researching it. None of the puzzles are cripplingly hard, and the couple times I looked, it seems I just missed something pretty obvious... and I restrained myself from perusing much further.Don't sweat having to go back to saves. Some people freak out because they get killed without warning. It's a post-apocalyptic setting and this generally doesn't happen on the bigger maps. Inthe dropzonethere's a bunch of places that you unexpectedly get popped before you figure out what's going on, but the map chunks are tiny, and with two levels of autosave, you're not gonna lose too much time. Still, save often. Did I save scum on a couple of dialogue generated quest rewards? Yes I did, but I can tell you after extensive research that the ranges are pretty narrow.BUY THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS!What I'd like to see improved (these are small things):* When visiting a store, I want a tab for items that they vendor will buy. Or at least a filter checkbox on the existing tabs. That'd make my life dandy!* Plot items tab in inventory is a key. Let's face it, it's really just for keys. Save a tab an exclude keys from the main inventory, putting them in the keyring tab or whatever. Put a blue/red highlight that's different from the game color scheme around the few remaining plot items in the inventory tab or classify them into the other stuff and leave it.* Make the fishing rod easier to see. I'm light-dark color-blind, and while I appreciate the general color scheme of the game, when I fish I have to paste my face up against my monitor if I'm remotely tired. Sure, I could go find my glasses, but it doesn't cost anything to maybe make it a bit more visually apparent.* I wish there was an icon on the item info near its price or quality to tell you whether repairing it was worth the price for either recycling to scrap or selling. I hate having to think about that, though I suppose there's evidence that the devs don't want you constantly min-maxxing... I just think it'd be convenient and wouldn't detract from the game, particularly since what you can get for selling an item is gonna scale so I'll have to redo my estimates for items when I play a more mercantile build. Some may call me lazy, but I'd rather waste my time on other interesting aspects of this game.* That right-click context menu is good, but it should have an option to repair/charge that gives guidance on the cost-effectiveness of the repair/charge and uses the right thing.* Add partial-charging so you don't have to waste batteries. Make a new item which is a partially charged battery, allow them to be charged be other partially charged batteries and they don't stack. It'll be so much less of a nuisance. Let auto-charging prioritize them."
76561198165638403,Recommended,250520,26301219,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Zerion,"I really like this game, it has a very interesting leveling mechanic that rewards you for exploring more than fighting. There are also a lot of different ways to attack, whether lurking in the shadows or bursting in guns blazing, its very fun. I recomend this game to patient rpg fans, because it takes forever to move, but other than that, this one of my new favorite games."
,Recommended,250520,35086129,Posted: 20 September,all,ßeroty,it's a nice game.like if Fallout 2 had a baby with Metro 2033.
76561197977341489,Recommended,250520,26605989,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Couper,"I bought this game when one of the curators called this an 'under rated masterpiece' I pretty much agree i bought this game for 10 quid compared to tyranny's 30 quid but i acctually like this game a lot more, buth the combat and story are more satisfying.It plays like an old-school RPG very reminiscent of fallout, but well... better i'd call it a fixed version of fallout 1 or 2:   you have feats -toats not perks-  attributes,  and it pretty much uses the vat system in combat.  Combat is hard -even on easy- but not as hard as fallout.  The lore and background appear to be well developed and it's a tad more serious than fallout but that's okay as well.  Like fallout you have options for game play, weapons stealth and psi ( i personally go with sci as when any setting lets me do magic i take it (go adepts, mages, sorcerors,psikers)There are some issues with it, primarly that it's VERY like an old school RPG health dosne't regenerate so you can find yourself well and truly buggered if you haven't prepared, money is a limited recource and your spending choices have to be careful, there's no map and often finding your way is very hard, and selling is difficult like merchants only accept very specific items, which one one hand is very realistic in a post capitalism barter soceity but from a practical game playing prespective is just annoying.  Probably the most unforgiveable thing is you can't see enemies when there beind scenery making is diffcult to impossible to target them, i say this is unforgiveable as games of this type have been around since bg, and the 'black isle' method of getting round this was to give them outlinesso you can still see them,  there are ways round this (move so they move to get you, or my personal favourite mind napalm the area)I suppose i should say the graphics arn't great but acctually i don't, there good enough for meLong story short:  if your thinking about buying an old school RPG get this, it is easy a contender to the fallout games and even the baldurs gate games.  If your looking for a more casual/playable game look elsewhere, if you need good graphics leave it alone."
76561197963580481,Recommended,250520,33325518,Posted: 6 July,all,No Swear,"Awesome exploration/combat focused CRPG.Conversations take a backseat to other facets of your typical CRPG (still along for the ride), it gets away with it.The atmosphere is great and there is enough there to sink your teeth into. (Remember, it's not a CRPG if you don't restart after 3 hours).It also has a nice XP system, really clicks. No reason not to try it if you like CRPGs."
76561198044826146,Recommended,250520,20443410,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Azira,"This scratches my Fallout itch like no game has ever since Fallout 2.Proper turn-based combat, diverse firearms to choose between, the ability to craft items yourself from items you can loot and/or purchase. Meaningful dialogue choices where social skills are used for effect.I would recommend this game over any of the later Fallouts (3, NV and 4) any day of the week. It is truly impressive what Stygian Software have accomplished here.Go on! Buy the game! Now!Don't wait. You won't regret it."
76561198099024063,Recommended,250520,15083502,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gatling,"Great game if you can remember the old Fallout 1 and 2 and appreciated the style.  It has been worked on to not feel so old in playing and I suggest this for anyone with a fondness for post-apocalypse settings, sci-fi, and turn-based rpg fun."
76561198009344478,Recommended,250520,19916737,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,toro,Great game. The best old school rpg released in years.
76561198086749087,Recommended,250520,20231719,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ArchAngel,Damn I have spent close to 100 hours playing this non stop since release. For sure my GotY 2015. If you liked Fallout 1 or 2  or enjoy challenging turn based combat buy and play this game!It is not perfect but better than ♥♥♥♥♥♥ so called Fallouts RPGs from Bethesda.
76561198071531076,Recommended,250520,19842348,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,iseeall,"It's a great 2D isometric RPG, close to Fallout 2 but with more stuff added: more skills, more perks (called ""feats""), tons of crafting, psionic abilities (they let you play like a mage in a fantasy RPG and allow interesting kiting tactics). It's also pretty close to Wasteland 2 though you only control 1 character. If you liked Fallout 2, Wasteland 2, Divinity Original Sin, XCom games or Jagged Alliance 2 then you will likely enjoy this game, too. Actually, this game is better than Fallout 2 and with a bit better graphics could be Fallout 3 since it expands on almost everything and is a bigger game than Fallout 2. It's a 10/10 despite its minor flaws (and Fallout 2 and especially Fallout 1 had their flaws too, it's just the scale of these games which makes the flaws inevitable). I hope that the authors will make the fixes any time soon. As this game has the potential to become a classic.The good:- a huge world to explore with a great atmosphere- some excellent dialog with witty social satire later in the game- all of the loot can be used in crafting- tons of occasions where lockpicking, hacking and traps are used, as well as other skills, so basically there are no useless skills or stats- 25+ psionic abilities offer an additional way to play thru the game (e.g. with Force Field you can create cover against ranged attackers for a turn or two, or you can even block enemies with it and escape the level)- the color of the cursor shows if opening a door or a container will anger NPCs around it (if they see you opening/hacking/lockpicking it)- already checked containers have ""empty"" word added to their tooltip- skill checks are padded in front of the dialog lines (and some other minor improvements here and the in the Fallout's model)- nice musicThe so-so:- NPCs only barter for a limited set of items (like, ""i'll only buy from you 3 leathers, 3 medical components, 3 weapons and nothing else""). If you are a completionist (compulsively greedy looter) like myself, you'll carry all the junk around and re-check the same NPCs over and over because the list of things they want to buy randomly updates. The weapon merchants usually have too little money to buy out your heaviest loot (endless leather armors and those stupid Sledgehammers). Still, with some patience and loot runs, soon you will be swimming in money, but there isn't much to buy. Actually, the money rewards for quests seemed laughable to me, compared to mountains of coins I already had. Btw that guy in Core City... ROFL- the 2D art may seem amateurish at start - I almost deleted the game before even trying the tutorial, great thing I gave it a shot). At the very first character creating screen the portraits look pretty poor, discouraging you even from starting. I'd say they may need to redraw most of the character portraits with more detail to match the rest of the graphics in the game. E.g. the environments in Junkyard and Core City are pretty nicely done. Some portraits are re-used across characters (all female doctors have the same face, all male doctors have the same face etc) - important characters should have had a unique portrait and everyone else maybe no portrait at all- I didn't find crafting very useful if you are playing as a pure psionic, because the only thing you need is a Psi headband (?) + rare ""mentors"" for new psi abilities; besides, every human drops so much loot that you are already swimming in gear- exp rewards are sometimes unbalanced. E.g. you get ~800EXP for killing a mob but only ~80EXP for a mob right next to it (the game seems to be using a WoW-style exp scaling system)The bad:- no map of zones (see below)- the game's start is weak: boring dialog, no sense of urgency or even immersion, the first few quests feel too linear and pointless - a pity because starting from Junkyard it kind of lifts off and finally reaches its real, great heights approx in Core City. Also, nothing is told about where the main character came to SGS. Still, I got hooked on this game due to feeling of free exploration and freedom of where to go. On the other hand, you get lost immediately (no map!)- somewhat unbalanced difficulty. E.g. Junkyard quests have very hard mobs (acid-spitting dogs and mutants) which I could only defeat by running away from the level and coming from another connected zone; also borerers in GSM compound were an extreme challenge. But after you get explosives and go to Hunter's Camp, the mobs are suddenly very easy again.- a bug in Force Field spell: I understand that the field should expire (disappear) after the AI has done its turn and before you do your turn - but sometimes it expires in the middle of enemy turn (which made that GSM fight with borerers a torture)- in cramped locations it may be not easy to spot enemies behind walls -> have to press Tab for the tooltips too often. It might be a good option to toggle display of tooltips with Tab, not just showing them while Tab is pressed- the cave walls all look like thin 1-cell thick wall, even if it's an outer wall. This might not look like a big problem, but in fact it really gives the caves this ""auto-generated"" low-budget feel, especially because there are so many cave zones in the game. Maybe the wall tiles which aren't between corridors but are between a corridor and solid rock shouldn't show any thickness and instead just show black for solid rock. Also, the walls which aren't visible to the player (looking north or west) should be shown as black space. Currently caves look more like tubes hanging in black empty space- the GUI doesn't scale for bigger monitors. The GUI elements are all pixel-crisp but look very small on 1920x1080. Also the fonts are somewhat hard to read - simple Arial or Verdana would work better- frustrating end-game: exp cap at 25 lvl, I reached it before even finishing the quests in Tchort Institute, endlessly re-spawning turrets in the mushroom cave and even more endlessly respawning mobs in the Tchort cavesAbout the map:Fans have already made such a map of zones on the game's wiki, but 1) it's awkward to alt+tab to those maps while playing the game, 2) some maps are not accurate which adds to the confusion, 3) seeing all those zones you haven't yet seen in the game breaks the exploration feeling during the first playthruSuch a map could be shown only when you use a special ""Navigator"" item which also could be crafted and consumed batteries (per look at the map). Ideally the navigator should be able to calculate and show a path from the zone where you currently are to any other explored zone where you want to go, if a connection thru explored zones exists (should show rocks to be cleared, too).Less patient players can be turned off as soon as they get lost in the endless caves and sub-metro zones. It would be more logical if the zones would fit into a grid, like in JA2 - this would also make the map much easier to draw and present - as the current fans' map in the wiki stretches and bends lines to fit it all in."
76561198308966085,Recommended,250520,23458382,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,The Flightless Penguin,"UnderRail is not a game to be taken lightly. If you don't have a plan, you will be killed. However, it's this aspect of challenging gameplay that makes it addicting."
76561198101073059,Recommended,250520,14937560,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,aethervagrant,"Havent played this game much yet because I want to experience it in all its full release glory. But 15 minutes was enough to get my money mostly just to support the dev. It's like the Van Buren we never got with Ultima 8 or Avadon quality graphics. The systems are deep the world is intriguing, combat is difficult and fun. Usually Im stingy with my money and time and am inclined to try dozens of games while only playing through a few per year. This is the rare opposite case. This guy needs to make this game, make it better, and make more of them."
,Recommended,250520,25604529,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,So far this game is a solid 10/10 and i reccomend it with the time i spent in it. I'll update this into a proper review once i go through it all.
,Recommended,250520,27709196,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,deadcow_,One of the best role playing game I've ever played. Evolved Fallout as is
,Recommended,250520,19802584,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Anónino,"I loathe to give reviews that might help any degenerate mainlander scum to make informed purchase decisions, but Underrail has managed to turn me against all the teaching of the Holy Spirit...This here game is the incline that the RPG genre has been waiting for decades, developed by a small three person team lead by a Serbian Wizard. It throws out of the window the modern crpg trapping of using Unity, trying to be balanced in all things, having a story mode or pandering to neckbeard indie pc game fans.Underrail uses a custom home made engine that looks glorious, sounds even better and plays on anything (even an AMD system), it features the best turn based combat system in an RPG, an unique exp system that really promotes diverse gameplay, an interesting setting reminiscent of Fallout, an extremely deep crafting system and hours upon hours of exploration.Finally, be forewarned that this here game doesn’t sport an automap, a minimap or any kind of map... you either draw your own or print one from the wonderfully complete Underrail Wiki, better yet... come over to the RPGCodex, register an account and ask for help in one of the Underrail threads, beware of the Mods tho, they willl ask you for money and or #$%& pics."
76561198032249196,Not Recommended,250520,25829784,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lancar,"Underrail is, in most respects, what might've happened if we've gotten a Fallout 3 in the old isometric style, and if it'd been made by an indie.Which this is.And for for the most part, that's a good thing.The game sets itself apart from it's spiritual heritage in several ways, most notably the size and complexity.The world of Underrail is vast, with a sprawling network of tunnels and railways leading everywhere and nowhere, with secrets and stuff to find aplenty. Enemy encounters are very frequent, and combat is a centerpoint in the experience for sure.That's not to say you cannot solve some situations by talking, but I found these instances very few and far between compared to the massive amounts of non-vocal enemies that just immediately try to murder you on sight.To support you and to keep things interesting, the game sports a huge and complex crafting system, with tonnes of recipies and materials littered across the world. With few exceptions, every piece of gear and consumable in the game can be crafted, and the game actively encourages you to utlizise this system whenever you can. It does not guide you in this in any way, leaving you free to experiment away.Unfortunately, this is where the game starts to stumble a bit.Crafting in the game doesn't really come into its own until a bit later in the mid-game when you've amassed some skill in the various disciplines necessary (Mechanics, Electrics, etc) and the stuff you build is more often than not woefully underpowered compared to what your enemies are using. Knowing beforehand what skills to invest in here in order to stay competetive with the opposition is key, but this more or less necessatates you starting over again.Some enemies are also just ridiculously overpowered, specifically the Snipers and Hunters who can frequently one-shot you from far off-screen with full health and shields, leaving you wondering what just happened. The combat log goes away the instant you die, so the specifics of the incoming attack will remain unknown, so you'll never really how how to prevent it.This is where the combat turns sour.Far too frequently you simply cannot fight the enemy at all on equal terms. You'll get to a point where your own armor or defensive capabilities either prevent you from taking damage completely, or do absolutely nothing and you die instantly. Survival becomes a matter of lucky dice rolls, and no matter what creative trap usage or line-of-sight exploitation you employ, the slightest mistake will leave you in just the wrong spot making the enemy able to hit you, and immediately kill you, so you have to start the whole encounter all over again. Sometimes it doesn't even come down to mistakes, as you just die before you can even act as soon as you step into an area.The game becomes a lesson in trial-and-error, with quicksave and quickload taking such center and prime roles in the execution of the gameplay that they would've made a lot more sense if presented as actual game mechanics, like in Prince of Persia: Sands of Time. The Dark Soulds comparison has been made before to this game, but in DS dying is a natural part of the game's flow, making it part of the story. Here in underrail it more often than not comes down to dying and reloading over and over until you finally manage to push through, which isn't fun nor engaging. Thankfully, the loading times are really fast.With the focus on combat and crafting, the game spreads the rest of itself fairly thinly. Art assets are re-used almost everywhere as a rule, and despite the caves and metros all having their own unique layouts and designs, you'll quickly come to a point where you feel you've seen all the art the game has to offer. The passages and caves blend together into same-ness, and basically only the loot and enemy encounters remain fresh.All in all, Underrail leaves a bit to be desired.On the one end, the game offers remarkable complexity and variety with its huge (and pretty great, I must admit) crafting system and and sprawling world to explore. On the other it relies on combat too heavily and stumbles when you cannot get past certain encounters, wondering what to do with itself when that inevitably happens. The re-used art certainly doesn't provide incentive to go too far off the beaten path, as you know all you'll find is just more of the same. The story itself is fairly weak, and doesn't provide you with much more than ""go to X, do Y"", so if you want to explore you have to do it on your own volition and only for the loot.I debated this with myself for a while, but I'm having to go with a thumbs down for this game. It shines in a few aspects, but it's so samey and often needlessly hard just for the sake of it being hard, without context or explainable reason. It just gives rise to frustration, so I recommend you find your top-down RPG fix elsewhere (Like Divinity: Original Sin, hard but fair and excellently polished. As of this writing the sequel is coming out fairly soon, too)PS: Props for the interesting ""oddities"" experience point system. I just had to mention it, since I haven't found it's like anywhere else before this. It really rewards exploration instead of just up-front combat, which in hindsight is both a blessing and a curse since combat is so prevalent everywhere you go. But still, neat idea.//EDIT:Having reached the end of the game, though not quite completing it yet, I can now thoroughly say that this game is an excercize in frustration. Despite high levels and good gear, many enemies can still one-shot me if i fail the initial initiative roll. Without prior knowledge of what you'll face before entering the the point of no return (which actually you are not informed of that you've reached) you will either luck out and have the proper weaponry and stats, or be utterly screwed with little chance of recovery. The quick-save and quick-reload fest has continued, and gotten even more frequent. Nearly every single battle (not joking) is decided by pure chance for me at the moment. Either I survive the enemy turns and kill them off instantly, or they kill me without me ever getting a chance to act for a single turn (again, this is not a joke, exaggeration or hyperbole).This game has so much potential and enjoyment that is squandered by the binary nature of the combat system. It is truly a shame."
,Not Recommended,250520,29928977,Posted: 14 February,all,GB.FlyveHest,"Purchased this a long while ago, and finally got around to trying it, and while I do think the graphics style is really nice, and I do like old school cRPGs, this one just isn't for me.Played 5ish hours, and I spent way to much time spamming fast-save-load to survive encounter, and even longer time running to an encounter, finding out I missed something, running back to base, trying to locate a vendor that sells said item, and running back. (If it was for sale)I read a dev comment that they will not add fast-travel to the game, and to keep that oldschool RPG vibe, I can understand that, but i've gotten older since I last really played a game as olschool as this, and i've learned that I simply do not find it in any way fun to run back and forth over the same 10-15 screens again and again.Pretty sure there is a great game in here for the min-max'er who wants to restart new builds again and again, but it was just not for me."
,Recommended,250520,19781547,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,qvad,Just delete your F4 and install this game.Enjoy!
76561197993974726,Not Recommended,250520,28216032,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Source,"UnderRail may be a love letter to Fallout 1, but it's a love letter written by Annie Wilkes from Stephen King's ""Misery"". Opaque game mechanics, game breakingly bad level design, and visuals that are somehow worse than the game it's trying to emulate ruin what would otherwise be a wonderful story-driven CRPG jaunt down memory lane.I had hoped to see a title similar to the old Fallout games, but with modern common sense design theory and innovations in place to offset the clunkiness that often got in the way of their greatness. Instead I was given all the bad with none of the good. The game starts out all right, but the first major ""dungeon"" level was a hot mess of manual saves and reloads during which I realized that none of the skills I invested in were working as intended. Spend points in persuasion? The one persuade check you get actually makes your situation worse if you succeed when the two raiders you persuaded take you to their leader, with whom combat is the only course the dialog can take. Spend points on stealth? The security cameras automatically spot you and the sentry bots will wander after you until they 'bump' you out of hiding, regardless of your skill level. Spend points on hacking? There is no option to disable the cameras or the bots, and no console from which to do so in the security room. Spend points on lockpicking? You gain the ability to open ventilation shafts (Inexplicably) and can now move around the level slightly, but not in any way that is meaningful since there is no shaft that takes you past the security cameras.If you're looking for a classic CRPG experience that may as well have been made in 1998, then more power to you, but if you're thinking about buying this because, like me, you enjoyed the first two fallout games when they first came out and were hoping to see a modern take on the genre, then there are better games for that experience."
,Recommended,250520,14595871,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ferggm,"Definitely hardcore. The game is huge and there is no map to refer back to, so if you want to win/finish/explore it all, be prepared to get out that graph paper.  The game is hard, even at easy level, so also be prepared to make your character a few times.  Still a satisfying game for the hardcore gamer."
76561198049589157,Recommended,250520,14516173,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Stoned Punk,"I have been playing this game for about 2,5 years now, sometimes i pick it up again to see what kind of updates there have been patched in. I can tell you folks this:This RPG is quite huge and not even finished yet, AND ITS THAT GREAT ALREADY. I bear much love for this game, the developers really know what they are doing and they dont care how much time it takes to finish it.There are a lot of variables in the loot, weapons, feats, stats. crafting, it makes the game feel very detailed.The level design is awesome, the music is magical (reminds me of crawling in a Diablo1 dungeon) and the whole Post-apocalypse theme is very refreshing from what we already have seen.There are a lot of build paths you can take for your character, some are stronger then the other but the developers are really trying to balance everything (with succes!).Only one thing that maby a bit of a downside for most players: this game is g**damn difficult! I dont mind, and the REAL hardcores shoudnt care for that either (in fact that would be a great PRO!), but if you are a fility casual, this might be a problem :PFor this money you got yourself at least a 17/10.10/10"
76561198008210412,Recommended,250520,14568463,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gabbek,After buying it I've realized three days have passed and I have 21 hours already... too addictive!
,Recommended,250520,25612527,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Samurai-Sloth,"The best old Fallout game that isn't an old Fallout game.UnderRail is about the remnants of humanity surviving within the metro stations, railways & catacombs under a ruined world. All the RPG mechanic staples of the old isometric Fallouts are here: core stats control skills & both serve as prerequisites forperksfeats that effect how your character plays & the special attacks & abilities he/she has. Because of this system, character builds have an enormous depth of options. Be sneaky stabby guy, soldier man, silver-tongued merchant, crafting man or psychic wizard guy. Psychic wizard guy? Yes, in addition to the standard post-apocalyptic guns, melee & crafting, there are also psi powers that let you throw ice & energy blasts at people. There are also a breadth of gizmos & gadgets to utilize, from road flares & caltrops to forcefield generators & invisibility fields.Crafting is a very important thing to do in this, possibly more so than any other rpg I've ever played. Any weapon, armor or item in the game can be made by the player & there is a significant benefit to making stuff yourself. While npcs will sell mostly standard armor vests or leather armor, you could make a suit of reinforced riot gear with ceramic plating & a tungsten riot-shield. The crafting is just as depthful as the rpg mechanics but the skills to make things are spread across 5 different skills.If you miss the indepth rpgs of yesteryear, UnderRail is for you."
,Recommended,250520,26471275,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Micscope,"Great game everthing is great, combat, crafting, story, story is grim as hell though, pretty realistic in a sense of post-apocalypse world. Building character is versatile, but building it wrong and you're in for the very hard time.The only thing I think need to be implement and is what i think turn a lot of people off is map system. It is quite unrealistic that you have guns, you have machines, Shield emitter, lasers , But you don't even have maps, WHAT? not even a single thing that can give you a sligtest hint about the area that you're curently in. I know this game is suppose to be hardcore but it is too unrealistic that you don't  have maps any at all. Just simple map that draw the explored area will do just nicely.Some minor anyoing things like backtacking or find good components by merchant restocking can be solve by simply using speed hack, you can easily reduce 90 minutes to 3 miniute by afk in low graphic requirement areas.Pretty underated game. Why this game is not more popular is beyond my understanding."
,Recommended,250520,20864243,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,kaq,"This game is absolutely awesome. It delivers everything that I expect and love as a fan of old school turn-based RPGs while being modern in just the right ways (especially UI).Of course this style of game might not be for everyone but I would still recommend it wholeheartedly even to those who don't usually play these kinds of games because it is way more accessible than many of them, since skill- and inventorymanagement are much less of an issue than is often the case I think.Hit-chances can be a bit annoying at the very beginning but that gets better very quickly. But if u hate the idea of hit-chances I recommend going purely for Psi-abilities since they will always hit (except for very few abilities, but they have high chances as well).Pros:-Great customization in terms of skills, items, weapons, crafting etc, allowing for many different and all viable characterbuilds-Great writing-Huge world to explore and much to discover-Graphics might be a matter of taste, but personally i love the style and the atmosphere this game definitely hasCons:-No map, meaning it is easy to get lost in the tunnels and wander around aimlessly (this might be a deliberate design choice and i understand that it makes sense in the game world, but can still get quite annoying - it would be nice to have the option at least)-No teleport functionality, so you often have to backtrack quite far (also in character with the game world but still a bit annoying waste of time)-No search function for items in your storage; while it's possible to show specific categories of items like ""only show weapons"" it would be convenient to be able to type in the name when looking for a particular item (just a minor complaint though)"
,Recommended,250520,20648259,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Kaldazar,"This is the game I've been waiting for a long, long time. I admire how much thought and inspiration was put in this project. Amazing detail, variation, story, live response from the game world. Honesly, that's something I didn't have in Fallout 2 back then. That's so much more. This game has become my second life for a while.Regarding comparison - the closest experience I had in past years was Shadowrun games. But in Underrail you can do a lot more. It is a world you can actually explore."
,Recommended,250520,20037148,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,quixoticaxis,"This game is what Fallout 3 should have been. It's been an EA title for a while, but now it's released, and it already feels like a very decent game. The developers are still making minor tweaks/fixes though.P.s. Still waiting for a cursor lock for multiple monitor environments and a major balance shift."
76561197978672903,Recommended,250520,17428361,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Radar09,"Very well thought out game with many options and paths. It feels like Metro 2033 and the original Fallout had a baby. My only complaints is that there is not enough graphical difference between items in the inventory to be able to quickly tell them apart. It has led to me equiping the wrong gun/ammo combination more than once, though this could just be my own lack of patience. I can't wait for the finished version to come out as everything about this game screams ""PLAY ME!!!"""
76561198022548818,Recommended,250520,21374890,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ANC REMEC,"As much as I dislike the term, UnderRail is the 'spiritual successor' to the original Fallout series.  It took me a while to get into this, but I knew I was hooked when I kept thinking: 'When I replay this, the character is going to be totally different'.  If you liked Interplay's Fallout then you will really like UnderRail.  There are all the same character skills plus crossbows, more stealth, and crafting.  You can also pick PSI skills if you want spellcasting-type abilities.  I sort of wish you could make a party instead of just a solo character adventure, but this has still become one of my favourite games.Time to toss another molotov at the rathounds!"
,Recommended,250520,16008278,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Agitated,"I absolutely love this game, It gives so much for very little $$. I've played it since it only had 2 areas and I've been coming back to it every time the dev put out some updates and made a new character with different builds. The crafting in this game has a very nice depth, not too hard not too easy. (I have never played FO 2)I would like to see the economy dealt with a little more, You loot so much in this game but it's very hard to get rid of it so you will most likely just end up not even picking it up unless its a really good piece. If anything I would love a mode where loot is a lot more scarce and rare, money as well. I feel later in the game there is just too much of it. Everything else is top shelf, 10/10."
76561198024126079,Recommended,250520,19784304,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,fisherimperial,Great Game!  So much like Fallout.
76561198065704821,Recommended,250520,20021898,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jacy Kururugi,"-reads how tough this game is-""PFFFT can't be that hard"" *buys game*-starts game-""alright lets do this!""-*do you want to start the tutorial?*-""yes""-""ooo whats in that box""-*Opens box, takes bullets*-""NICE! ow whats th-""-*Game over* *got caught stealing bullets from tutorial boss man he shot me*-""o....""best gaem 11/10"
76561197982872121,Recommended,250520,23175495,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Marxist,"I adore this game.  It's a little overwhelming at first, but if you're one to go ahead with it anyways, it completely rewards you."
,Recommended,250520,21955926,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,Old school fun - Fallout-esque game with a lot of varietyCharacter building is a lot of fun in this gameShould run on anything
,Recommended,250520,21756329,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Contralto,"Decent Story, Crafting mechanics are far beyond what I expected, and can very easily hook you in to playing it for hours or days on end.  I am really looking forward to see what else this developer can put out, as they are hitting a lot of things clean on the head where other RPGs just kind of fizzle or fail."
76561197967663169,Recommended,250520,20406354,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,haggis231,"A pretty perfect early era Fallout clone. Character Build is very important and you will be tested from the beginning. Combat is very hard even on casual difficulty so be prepared to use everything you can (Abilities, Combat Tools etc...) and some in game items like oddities add an interesting twist to the levelling system which stands out from other recent RPG's.If you like Fallout 1&2 or, more recently, Wasteland 2, or are just an Oldschool RPG Fan, this is a perfect match. Well worth the money!!"
76561198004776342,Recommended,250520,21672752,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,tampanensis,Felt like playing real Fallout again :D
76561197987854063,Recommended,250520,16103825,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SJAB,Dale is an overweight killer. He eats. He Kills. He eats. He Kills. How he passed the tests I'll never know.Would eat and kill again.10/10
76561198050544984,Not Recommended,250520,19847469,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,star platinum,"Don't be fooled.This game has serious balance issues, some character builds are just weak and there is nothing you can do about it.Also there are no companions in this game, you're alone, in a turn based game.I first saw this game hoping it was as good as people said but i'm afraid it is not."
76561197980430939,Recommended,250520,18508009,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Fikus,Good old true rpg in devastated world. I think i gonna cry :DTurn based true role-play with nice atmosphere and great mechanics.What do you need else ?
76561198116956438,Recommended,250520,19805159,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Wasylus,"Absolutely amazing game so far, Possibly the best CRPG since early 2000s for me. Will write a better review after a full playtrough."
76561198014894364,Recommended,250520,22615388,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Drizzly,"Really, really fun! Lots of replayability! You will NOT see everything this game has to offer without making a new character and trying different builds.I only wish this game had modding support, but otherwise this is a fantastic game."
76561198002571976,Recommended,250520,22389323,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,mwise1023,"I started the game. Made a scientist, ready to go explore. Started the training tutorial. Realized I had fogotten to actually take anything off the shelves. The door closed behind me and I was locked in the room with 3 gun-turret bots. I had no combat abilities nor weapons and I couldn't science them to death. So I died, -3 damage at a time, it took like 10 minutes, but I eventually fell. Didn't even make it out of the tutorial.I *love* this game!Re-rolling!"
76561198006690286,Recommended,250520,23506402,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,suurimonster,Outstanding from start to finish.
76561198064206553,Recommended,250520,29154504,Posted: 9 January,all,SneakyGunz,"Awesome isometric classic rpg kinda fun! Brutally hard though. I'm getting along well enough playing on easy. Perhaps if I beat it on easy I'll make another attempt on normal... lol. Dollar per hour, for me, has been worth it. Recommended."
76561197969986828,Recommended,250520,32959110,Posted: 28 June,all,Nemra,"If you like old-school RPGs with turn based combat then look no further than ""Underrail"". You have a story and exploration driven hybrid with rich character development options. Yes the game can be difficult at times, but that is part of the appeal for me personally.The only CON I'd say this game has is the default character walking speed, which as far as I am aware cannot be increased. Sometimes you have to back-track and the movement speed can make this a tedious process. There are quick-travel points from station to station though.You have a good deal of choices to make in the game, whom you align yourself with if anyone, and there are also different approaches to almost any quest situation.Minor spoiler ahead. One thing that did bite me in the buttox and left a slightly bitter after-taste is the following though. In my play-through I tried to kill as few people as possible and remain neutral with all the factions that I could. To this end I lied and cheated, promised that I'd kill someone when I had no intention of doing so, amongst other things. There aren't clear bad guys in this game, just everyone trying to survive, or those with opposing opinions, or ideologies. Nonetheless my facade came to an abrupt end where in the final area of the game one specific faction, as it turned out,  has the ability to read your mind. In so doing it just forced me into hostilites against them. I was forced to slaughter all ofthem. I dare say ""mind reading"" is a lame and dangerous tactic by any developer. The game did not read ""my"" mind, it just read some choices I may have selected, without any context to the motivation behind said choices. But this is just a minor personal slight, don't let it deter you from enjoying otherwise a really great game :)."
76561197988450151,Recommended,250520,23449125,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Scraggles-The-Death-Dealer,"Underrail is a well realized RPG with a lot of depth, not for the faint hearted or those with short attention spans.If you are a fan of FallOut Tactics, Crusader No Remorse, or other classic Isometric games and RPGs this will be a great purchase for you.Gameplay: 9/10:Complex charactr creation system lets you create characters specialties that really affect gameplay and allow you to play how you want (stealthy & stabby, tanky, etc).Turn based battles are interesting and present a tactical challenge in how to approach them and  from turn to turn.Story: 9/10:Great scene setting, and character dialogue is both engaging/interesting to read and different for each person you speak withLots of classic 'end of world"" tropes, but its all fitted together pretty well and has a lot of tongue in cheek humorGraphics: 9/10:Old school Isometricgritty, dirty and full of dead or soon to be dead thingsValue: 9/10: (totally subjective)Always wanted another fallout tactics, and this hits every nail on the head for my fix"
76561198064111452,Recommended,250520,23384884,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Abuzittin,best turn-based isometric rpg  since fallout2
76561197976580975,Recommended,250520,31772547,Posted: 15 May,all,Skally_wag,"At level 23 and clocking on nearly 300hrs I want to say how much I highly recommend Underail, every encounter and level up requires tactics and long term thinking about how you want your character to progress and what skills are best suited (It's up to you). This is a very deep game with excellent crafting that will thoroughly reward you if you are prepared to put the time in and are up for the challenge."
76561197993946994,Not Recommended,250520,32840934,Posted: 26 June,all,Jibbajabba.gc,"So this game has potential and many decent parts but combat is tedious, which is a major problem because this game is mainly about combat.  Invisible enemies are ridiculous and far too numerous in this game.  Even with a good perception and using tools such as night vision goggles/flares, you still can't see these enemies.  Being fairly far into the game, it is ruining the game for me.  I would have recommended this game for the first half but once you get halfway in, every other enemy is invisible and it quite frankly breaks the game and is annoying as hell. While a few invisible enemies would be responsible, there are way too many.  Crawlers are simply broken.  There are also far too many stun abilities in this game.  When you are playing as a single character (no NPCs in most fights) a stun pretty much is an instant kill on you. Since so much of the game is combat, you would think the combat system would have been better balanced, but it is not. Not well thought out compared to many other similar games. Since it lacks the non-combat viability that Fallout provided, you have to fight all the time, there is no diplomacy or stealth viability builds,  you just need to fight. I probably won't finish the game, even after investing much time into it because of this bad design issue. In addition, the lack of a map is inexcusable."
,Recommended,250520,17964683,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,caluyadiver,"WOW, what a surprise.Underrail is a very challenging Hardcore-RPG with turn-based combat and very deep economical- and crafting systems.The start is very hard, take your time for your character build. You have to focus on a few skills, an all-rounder will stuck very early in the game. there is a character export function. which allows you to export your character and all items in the inventory and start again. you can use it to ease the start in the game by replaying the first few quests. (not necessary, bud for newbies in HC-RPGs a great help)You will die many times.You will reach your frustration toleranceYou will start with at least 2 character buildsYou will love the deep economical systemYou will get sucked into the story in no-timeYou will learn that initiation is more fun than reactingYou will be rewarded with an amazing gaming experienceA nice variety to all the AAA titles out there and even in early access worth your money."
,Recommended,250520,25737396,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Zane,"There is no map inside game, so i often lost the location. On the other hand, there is no direction control hotkey, so i had to use the mouse to modify the right screen.Most of all, it don't have chinese...."
76561197982653975,Recommended,250520,14296376,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,drlaza,"i absolutely want to recommend this game to anybody who loved fallout 1 and 2its much like them but its open world is an underground one - its already pretty huge and im still far from exploring everything although you see my gameplay hours in it.the main difference between them is that you dont have a map here where you can freely travel huge distances in a short period of time,you got your foot here and however the railways are available once you made progress in the story, walking will lead to new places and many require you to return because you dont have atm the appropriate equipment/skills to unlock doors/blow up rocks/hack boxes etc...there are a wide variety of weapons and their quality comes from the materials when you craft themthere are also a lot of non-craftable unique items like the dragunov svdthe leveling system is quite similar, you also have perks, skills and main attributesthere are a huge amount of quests aside from the main story and an absolutely ton of fun with the strange monsters or humanoids in those caves deep beneath.i can think of a very few negative things about the game which are:-around once in a hundred times you get a transition fail and u have to restart the game (i never once lost any progress unlike in fallout 2 where save files just somehow became corrupted if you saved while a bug was in effect)-when you fight multiple enemies they may die in the same place preventing you from looting each of them rather just the ones who got visible parts left that you can click (id like to see arrows so that you can switch between proximity corpses to loot)-there is no gore, fo had amazing gore at its timeso thats about it, i hope i could help a few of you to get this game because its absolutely worth it and if you spent and enjoyed your time with fallout1-2 then you MUST buy this"
76561198133204377,Recommended,250520,19976902,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ghostboy,It wont hold your hand and thank god for that. Remember how Baldurs Gate punished you for mis use of stats...this game does that.....remember how Fallout helped you get through with the oops stats you had...this game does that. The answers arnt always clear and yeah you might have wished you developed your CHA a bit better for the enviorment. But working crap out the way you choose is what this game is all about. A sing song to days of old...where choice mattered and held consequences. A true RPG.StoryWise...its classic and brilliant at the same time. You are who you are and make what of the world what you can and wish. But there is a deep complex story.....you wont unlock it all fast but will develope into it. Its awesome. No really!Graphics..I personally like them. Like a lot. I understand its a throw back...and its basically one guy making the art and stuff. And honestly.... its hella awesome. If you love Fallout this is like an upgrade.Music.....this mixed with the graphics works together as a package. Alone its pretty eerie and wonderful but walking around the underrail....man....its just epic.Game.... This is an RPG....an RPG i say. but it takes place in a certain time and a certain space.  Dont expect to wield heavy magic or summon stuff or get to LVL 99.....this is about you. Your broken booty in an underground pit trying to use your strength to be top dog. You wont be able to do everything but so is life.Overall...If you liked Skyrim but are willing to bang a indie chick.......have this baby. If you liked Skyrim because it was fancy......sperm in a sock....give it your last name....and burn it.
76561198061221215,Recommended,250520,20035625,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rover_27,"It's a very deep and engaging game. Lots of interesting gameplay mechanics. Some moments are really intense, especially stealth runs. One of the best experiences since Fallout 2. Highly recommended."
76561197960318650,Recommended,250520,20041021,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,whatever 💀🎺,"Oddity XPsystem (find rare things to level up, not kill/grind/mission) can be chosen as an alternative. It keeps the game challenging as you don't quickly get xp from random enemy encounters and become unstoppable.The game is hard, unfair and has flaws/irritations (no skill level randomness when disabling locks/traps, grenade to clear a mine set on a doorway) so it's not a game for casuals. Must get if you liked Fallout 1/2 or Wasteland 2."
76561198095161340,Recommended,250520,20026199,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,thecrimsonlion,Excellent game that is reminiscient of early Fallout.Pros (Majorly outweigh cons):Massive amount of explorationVery deep variation on character buildsGreat yet simplistic soundtrackBasically VERY addictingCons:Still a bit buggy (some non-critical people disappeared - Old Jonas for me)No world map (very easy to get lost)No item bar for quick use outside of battle options (item screen hunt can be frustrating when poisoned and looking for a bandage or when you just need a lockpick)Difficulty needs to be more balanced (a lot of reloading and things like stealth need to be more powered - I am almost 200 stealth and still cannot always perform cut throat perk in time)
76561198020718355,Recommended,250520,17237754,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Orcbrother,excelent flexibility and hundreds of character creation concepts you can run through.  Combat is solid and the game gives a lot of choice in how you handle things.  Truely brings back the feel of oldschool rpgs.
76561198021346776,Recommended,250520,17229511,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,plachno85,"Can't wait to see the finished product, but I've had a really good time! Reminds me of Fallout 1 and brings a nostalgic tear to my eye - good job, devs!"
76561198205573455,Recommended,250520,17326411,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,poiopoiolkjk9,the enemies are challengingthe soundtrack is super ambientthe map is massive (theres story of some kind)and there's lots of ways to play (be stealthy hackerlocksmith or manipulative science wizard)reminds me of shadowrun on snescould play for yearsbetter than fallout 1
76561198006997878,Recommended,250520,15675804,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,☣ Typhus ☣,"If you're a fan of Fallout then GET THIS NOW.I love so much about this game that it'd be easier for me to write the few things I don't like.The sound design needs a little bit of work. The music is great, and the ambience is fantastic, but all weapons sound very, very similar the sounds for the psi powers, no offence, sound like they were taken from a 90's DnD game.I understand, it's early access, but after pretty much a year and a half the next thing really does need work.SAVE ISSUES.Usually it can be fixed by closing the game and restarting it, but it's irritating, flow-breaking and it smacks the immersion over the head when you're trapped in an area because it can't load any saves, or the transition from one area to another fails.The last thing I don't like is it doesn't feel as gritty as it should, in my opinion at least, and there's next to no blood or violence. I'm not one of those nutters that needs to see blood pumping out of neck stumps, but it just feels less real in a game with violence to not have any gore.Other than that, this game is absolutely bloody amazing, and well worth the price."
76561198133037325,Recommended,250520,15679908,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,LunchBawx939,"This is a really good old School RPG within the lines of the original fallout 1 and 2, its fun and pretty challenging."
76561198116946962,Recommended,250520,17353935,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AudioMedic,"I've played this game for 100 hours in a span of a week and 2 days... I never thought I'd get addicted to a game like this. I'm still going strong!I haven't finished the game yet. I kept on messing around, making new characters, and learned what build I wanted to make to finish the game.The story so far is great! there are tons of little connections that you have to figure out yourself and make you appreciate how well thought out the world is.The world is huge! there's still a handful of places I haven't been to. Seriously... buy this game now because it will take the time away.After 133 hours I am burnt out and am now waiting for the full game to release. Once the full game is released I am certain I will pour out another 40+ hours into this game."
76561198010142360,Recommended,250520,15900382,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Xzylvador,"Let me start with the TL;DR:WOW.(And I mean that in the non-MMO kind of way.)This game is amazing.The Witcher 3 is being released today (been waiting for it for a year and I already bought it) and now I'm seriously doubting whether I should install it or just continue playing UnderRail. It's just that good.Don't play this if you want an easy hand-holding fairy-tale with flashy graphics.Do play this if you're looking for games like Fallout 1/2, or maybe a little Jagged Alliance or even somewhat like single-squad X-Com... Only, this one just might be better.It's been ages since I've seen a game with such a deep and diversified character development. Without dividing your options into classes or anything such, there's so many different ways to build your character depending on what kind of playstyle you're looking for and all of them are viable and fun to play.Despite the old-school graphics, the game manages to create an atmosphere that really sucks you into its world.It's also the first game ever where crafting objects is actually something I find interesting. The crafting system is so deep and complex and yet so simple to use and very rewarding.Character progression is fun and well-paced and there's no annoying level-scaling. Nothing feels as good as returning to those gangers that forced you into a bribe earlier and returning later to give them some payback with your new equipment and skills. The game gives you a lot of points to put into skills but also a lot of skills to spend them on, allowing for a lot of diversity.The storytelling is good and the many (side-)quests are very diverse instead of all the FedEx quests often seen in other RPGs. There are often different ways of accomplishing your goal, allowing you to use stealth, persuasion, look for other solutions or just go in guns blazing. Everything works and there's no wrong of doing things.The world itself is large, complex and rarely forces you to follow a single path. Without a real map, quest markers or other form of hand-holding, it also makes exploration really feel like you're exploring an unfamiliar dark and dangerous underworld where danger could (and often does) lurk behind every corner.And then there's crafting, and the psi-powers, and the C&C, and so much else to tell...Anyhow, I could go on for hours, but I'd rather spend that time playing the game."
76561197987023924,Recommended,250520,15663884,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,BeKindRewind,"I want to start off with my overall acceptance and enjoyment of this game. Even though I'm not too deep into it, the story feels deep and rich. I've always been drawn to the post apocalyptic, end of the world survival archtype and this game hits it out of the park. It's also a deep game as there are a lot of things to explore/lockpick/disarm/craft etc. I love when games reward you with a little money or a few bullets for finding those lonely crates and lockers hidden throughout a zone. I'm also a loot ♥♥♥♥♥ and this game is meeting my inventory managment desires.I'm about to go on a bit of a rant with problems I've run into so far. Be mindful this game is early access so I expect some hiccups. Upon full release I have faith in the devs and designers this game will be nothing short of one of my all time favorites. Okay here it goes.Make sure you safe A LOT. Enable the auto save on transitions and everything. I'm about two hours into the game on a new character and two of my save files fail to load.It all started when I was in the Junkyard area - I went to transition from a zone where the Thugs ask you to pay 5 currency (I don't remember what its called) and they'll open a gate at the end of an alley. I didn't pay and went compass direction south and when trying to go to the next area 'failed to load transition'. Now at the main menu the two most recent saves fail to load and when I load an earlier save spot it's sucessful. Except for the part that any transition zone I try to use from the load zone I get the 'fail to load transition' error again. *EDIT* Restarting the game did in fact allow my saves to work correctly.Apart from this critical problem I do have one specific concern I feel should be addressed. Then again I may be the only one who ran into this situation. I want to say this is technically a story spoiler but one of such miniscule impact I don't think anyone will be bummed if they read on. Okay enough of the babble... I feel the begining story needs to be refined (for lack of a better word) as on my first character I wasn't sure of where to go. You're sent to turn on the power of some outlying stations. What wasn't clear to me was which exit to use; the one at the barracks or the exit at the top floor. I ended up being outside the barracks dying over and over again. I kept trying different directions until I gave up. Therefore deciding it would be best just to start a new character. I realize I might not have been reading carefully enough. Having said that this is the very begining of the game. Just drop a line in the dialogue or note tab about heading to the top floor or something. If I wasn't such a big fan of the genre and video games in general I might have just given up and never played again."
,Recommended,250520,15817430,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,saprahan,"Highly praise character model. It really reminds me only good sides of old-school turn based RPGs like Fallout 1&2 and Arcanum. SPECIAL-alike, skills & perks, different tactics and different ways to develop your character.In addition to this, dystopian sci-fi setting adds notes of Bladerunner, Crusader: No Remorse/Regret, Jonny Mnemonic, some other cult sci-fi movies of 80-s and games of 90-s"
,Recommended,250520,15874095,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Big Black Wolf,One of the many few games that I REALLY enjoy.Features:Complicated StatsFree roamADVENTURELoads of different itemsEvery NPC is kill-able (at least the ones I've tried to kill so far are)Complicated StuffFeatsGrenadesCrossbowsWeapon CraftingAnd lots more I haven't seen.I love games that allow me to be a complete idiot. And this is one of those games.[Ether approved!]
76561198178201845,Recommended,250520,16014949,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,killcrop82,This game is an instant classic. 10/10
76561198065953393,Recommended,250520,23227514,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,FourFiveSix,Its the fallout 3 I was waiting 17 years for. If your a fan of classic rpgs then this is a must buy.
76561198063487745,Recommended,250520,19909912,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,mattconrad,"Five hours into the game, I was saying to myself, oh, well, this part is good, this part is kinda meh, this part may be interesting...Fifteen hours into the game I was saying to myself, more Underrail. More Underrail! MORE UNDERRAIL!It takes a bit to get rolling, but this is a really good game.This is a develop your character, explore, and solve tactical puzzles RPG. It doesn't have a lot of character interaction, lots of description, or intricate story. It DOES have a very well conveyed atmosphere. Underrail feels like a real world.The systems (character building and crafting) are deep. Exploring the systems is a game in itself, and you can't do it all in one playthrough. I am sure I will play this game at least twice, maybe more.There are some warts. Walking speed is too slow (I usually think this about RPGs) and there is a lot of it. Barter is kind of clunky, and there is a lot of it, too. Barter is getting better as I get farther along.The game is hard (I'm playing on normal). Expect to quickload a lot, expect to walk away from some things to (maybe) come back later. In my book, this is a plus.All in all, if this kind of game is the kind of game you like, it is an absolute steal at $14.99."
76561198055647051,Recommended,250520,19984207,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Captain WaddleDee,"A wonderful isometic role playing game, and you do play a role. It has a great soundtrack as you scour the ruins and caverns of an otherwise inhospitable world filled with rats the size of dogs, beetles with psychic abilities, your own shadow; and much worse. While at the beginning you are forced to do several introductory quests within the main storyline {mainly to progress to the open ended gameplay which takes about 40-80 minutes depending on your initial statistics}; you find yourself immersed not only in the questlines but also finding the proper crafting materials to improve your gear.Your gear does eventually break down, but can be repaired by sacrificing other gear to become scrap hunks and making repair kits or simply buying them from the plentiful traders though their stock isn't near as plentiful. Though there are many easy routes to take to most civilizations; some of the best are hidden from plain sight and must be found within the labryinth of abandoned subways and caves. You end up facing a unique selection of factions as well depending on how you interact before and after certain quests. The Faceless are a group of cybernetically enhanced secret society who hides their face under masks and hoods while mapping out the world. The CoreTech group is a protection service for the largest civilization in the game called Core City. But these are only two of the many and I mean at least two dozen plus factions you will meet, interact, and even may eventually kill off depending on your choices.But wait, that's not all! You can fight in an arena against animals and humans to earn fans and coin; you can buy a house underground and furnish it completely for an absurd amount of said coin, you can steal dogs and cats, you can pour lava on enemies, YOU CAN EVEN CRAWL AROUND VENTILLATION SHAFTS if that's your thing. All that and more is available in this wonderful game.Now for the cons, and my probably biggest pet peeve with this game at the moment is the abusrd cost for attempting to get some end-game gear. It's up to the god and goddesses of RNG {Random Number Generator} to determine what quality you get for this otherwise adapatable material but it is expensive and literally time consuming to do so each time. But that's just the way the ball bounces.In short, this game deserves your attention, your admiration, and quite possibly; your money. It's an astounding game that will make you continue to play it wanting more. There's even a WIKI on the main website that is being updated constantly. Thank you Styg {Developer's Name}."
,Recommended,250520,27006193,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stinky Diver,Good game that takes back to the old school CRPGs. It has hundreds of options for crafting and character development
,Recommended,250520,27061638,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Harm,"A great and much needed RPG in a time of generic pop a mole games, hiking simulators, bland rpgs, and kickstarter scams.If you played the origional Fallouts then this game should be familar to you. You have a variety of familar elements such as  having choice and consequences, open world exploration, various types of enemy ranging from hostile mutant wild life to deadly robots, quests, and having the ability to take numerous approaches to solving a problem. You also have various skills, abilities, perks, powers, traits, feats, weapons, ammo types and more. Before the game starts you also given the choice between oddity and classic mode. In classic mode you get XP for killing enemies and completing quests while in oddity mode you only get XP for finding unique items which in turn rewards exploration and looting certain enemies.If you aren't into turn based games or the origional then this game is not for you. However, if you looking to try a turn based RPG or something close to pen and paper, then this might be the RPG for you. Be warned, this game can get pretty hard and heavily emphasizes optimized character builds. You find yourself having to start over as a new character. However you should be able to catch up to where you left off fairly quickly. You might also find the distrubtion of skill points annoying since you can only dump 5 skill pts into a skill per level which makes it hard to raise certain skills, however this is offset with the synergy system. If you are still uncertain, I recommend watching a few lets plays or trying the origional fallouts before you try this game."
76561198009350015,Recommended,250520,35010337,Posted: 16 September,all,jmlackeysn95,"I liked underrail, for the most part its a very awesome game. However, it does suffer quite a bit from a few key points. The level cap is 25, so don't expect to get to do everything you want on a single play through of the game. You just won't have the points to be able to put into it all, and you can NOT respec your character. You'll have to start a new character and a new game to get to do some of the crafting or whatever you leave out in the first play through. Character builds are important, but in Underrail they're... all important. As in, it is absolutely vital to build your character properly. If you make a mistake in building your character, that's it. There is no going back, unless you have a great many saves and you don't mind redoing a lot of what you've already done, in order to be able to put those leveling points elsewhere in order to correct your mistake. Some kind of trainers in the game (say an NPC that you can pay or quest for) that could teach you and give you some skill points, would have been an excellent addition to this game.But there is nothing like that, and I can't stress enough with how stuck you are with your decisions. Again, there is no going back, ever. Another thing has already been covered by everyone, but there is no map and a map is REALLY called for in this game. Best you've got is online maps, from which you can work things out, but its something of a hassle and you're still going to be working a lot of it out on your own. Don't expect to not have to consult the internet on where to go, or how to find that difficult location. Because there is no map in game. Those are the only 2 real problems I had with the game. Given its release date, better graphics would have been appreciated, but the game doesn't suffer too much without them. You can imagine a slightly improved Fallout 2 in terms of graphics, and you'll have what this game looks and feels like. Despite these issues, Underrail is well worth playing, and well worth the money. If you like old school turn based RPG's, you should not skip Underrail. I'm so very glad that I bought it and played it, and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,250520,26582523,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,"Too big, too big","I rarely if ever write reviews, but this game, oh man, it deserves one. This is one of my favourite games ever.What it is; Old school RPG. It is difficult, you need to think carefully of the character you are building. Multiple ways to complete quests, right in the territory of that there is no black and no white, I love it. Sometimes humorous. Pretty long, I have sunk about 26 hours on my current character and I am not nearly done.What it is not; Casual, this requires as much thought process than say, Fallout or Baldurs Gate etc. Also, the story on this is mediocre.The only bad thing I have to say is the UI often made me shout cursewords when playing on 1440 resolution, ie when trying to click on a fishing rod or any other small object."
76561198001047411,Recommended,250520,27236234,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vid,"Beatifully crafted RPG, never too easy and with some refreshing differencies.Definitely worth a try for everyone you can survive without objective markers,"
76561198042196065,Recommended,250520,25718421,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Truth,"OMG... THIS GAME...Playing this is basically like eating cookies baked by Grandma vs all the cookies you could buy from Stores.  This has PURE LOVE and Quality. No tricks, no lies.  This game brings back 100% all the things that games should of had, but no longer do.I am afraid to even beat the game simply because I do not want it to end..."
76561198007578889,Recommended,250520,21338209,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,tomasp3n,Absolutely bloody brilliant.
,Recommended,250520,8323293,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,nikiftw,"After playing this game for a record amount of hours, I began googling other games like it because I liked it that much... and none compared. I absolutely love this game. It's a perfect balance of strategy, adventure and the classic RPG turned based fighting to keep you both entertained, and challanged. The character developement creates endless character builds and strategies within itself and the UI is better than any game in it's genre. I talk about this game to everyone I know, and they all love it too.I'd like for you to make another please :)"
,Recommended,250520,20232632,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JanglingJack,"solid rpg, brings me back to fallout 1 and 2. writing is average, but its charming in other ways."
76561198086048159,Recommended,250520,20301108,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Arlian,"This game is absolutely fantastic! If you're a lover of Fallout 1 and 2 you will surely love this game. The level of detail in the storylines is my favorite thing about the game. If you only buy one game this year, buy this!."
76561198001319511,Recommended,250520,20724544,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Asmodeus,"Having almost 100h on record for this game, it is obvious it delivered for me.The game is very old school in most regards. No map, no quest markers, minimal guidance. But I consider this an asset. It actually reminds me very strongly of Arcanum.For me the combat is the best part of the game. It feels incredibly balanced. Although I was probably playing a strong build (pure PSI) I had to really use all tricks in my arsenal. Lay out traps, ambushes and use all sorts of mind magic (aka Telepathic PSI).The graphics are OK, the soundtrack could use a bit more variety, but it adds to the claustrophobic feel.The story is unfortunately pretty linear and if you side with the ""wrong"" people, events still play out the same, but you get punished by being told less lore. You will only know at the end of the game, which path to choose to get the most information and make the right decisions on the second playthrough. Considering one playthrough was ~100h for me, a second playthrough is not going to happen. This is a pity in the game design department, because you can very easily block out big chunks of questlines by some ""roleplaying wise"" / ""information at the time given"" sane decisions.I am recommending the game as the overall experience was very enjoyable.Only the story related design decisions mentioned above left a sour aftertaste. If you are easily offended by this, I recommend waiting a few month until all the secrets have been revealed in the wiki and than choose your path appropriately.Otherwise, by all means, buy this game.This game rocks and is how Fallout 3 / 4 should have been. (New Vegas I think is ok)"
76561197966205334,Recommended,250520,20791232,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,app33,"One of the best cRPG games released in recent years. Has a lot common with the first two Fallout games, yet improves the concept vastly on combat and exploration. Turn based combat is quite possibly best in the genre currently. Character development is also very polished and allows for variety of different yet functional progression paths.Atmosphere is good and great care has been put to the world building.Goty 2015, easily."
76561198057038727,Recommended,250520,21102019,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ryal,"In general, the game is quite good and I think will be interesting for those who like Fallout 1, Fallout 2, Baldur's Gate and similar old-style isometric RPGs.The only thing that I didn't like very much is a long and boring quest related to killing the final boss.I would rate this game as 85/100 - not ideal, but good and interseting project.For those who want to start playing  - I would recommend to play with ""Hard"" + ""Oddities"" settings."
76561197965139168,Recommended,250520,21492448,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Space Pope,Good stuff.  I only wish there was a map.
76561198017748444,Recommended,250520,32907240,Posted: 27 June,all,Railto,Beautiful retro game i just wish there were more options to certain skills like dialogue options and unlocking secret stuff also needs more kind of weapons for sure!
76561197994931010,Recommended,250520,20246478,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Communist Squirrel,"If you have already enjoyed other CRPG games of the past, such as Fallout 1 or Fallout 2, you will love this game. The setting is great, and the tone of the writing and characterization matches perfectly.If you enjoy RPG games with moderately deep mechanics and itemization (e.x. Pillars of Eternity, Baldur's Gate, KOTOR etc.) and an attention to detail with large worldscapes, you will also enjoy this game.I cannot recommend this game enough for the amount of care put into the final product. The game is very large, with relatively few commonplace bugs, and tons of replayability through different character builds. There are also two experience systems that you can try out to suite your style of play.If you do not like reading, you probably won't like this game. The developers really must be lauded for not even attempting voiced dialogue in this game. I'm glad they spent their resources on adding new systems, maps, quests, and art assets instead of going for voiced work that would have inevitably been subpar.The music is good, ambient, and fits well with the tone of the game. However, it can get repetitive, as the tracks are short.Like many games of this kind, loot plays a big part. As you start, loot is relatively rare and hard to come by, but as the game world opens up, you can become filthy stinking rich if you go out of your way to explore. Still, some of the best items are found or crafted, so you may just end up spending that cash to buy components to enhance your gear. If you don't go for crafting, you can usually find good items for sale from NPC vendors, but at a high cost. Unless you skill up Mercantile :)That being said, Mercantile is a pretty pointless skill, and you will end up having more loot to sell than vendors are willing to accept. Other skills I find to be less than useful for first time players are Throwing, and Traps.One of the most fun aspects of UnderRail is the crafting system. I won't get into too much detail, but I would say that, for a first time player, it is worthwhile to study it a bit before deciding to go on with your first game. You may not appreciate it until you are 20 hours in and want to use it (but doing so would require starting over to rebalance skills with a new character build).The game has two flaws, by my accounting. The first is the lack of a map system, or an interface for viewing areas you have already visited. For me, this is not such a big deal, but the oversight might make the game feel overwhelming to newcomers. The second fault is the lack of tutorials. There is a combat/basic mechanics tutorial live in the game, and a static image overlay for the UI that points out the basics, but the game lacks an in-game explanation of the crafting system. Also, the skill descriptions are not very detailed in some cases. There are relatively minor complaints, and become non-issues after playing for extended periods of time.If you are still undecided, buy it and try it out. It is at least worth your time to try."
76561198131786599,Recommended,250520,20371635,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Scythrone,"One of the best CRPGs I've ever played, 'nuff said. Great setting, great combat and extremely addicting character build system. 11/10"
,Recommended,250520,10001424,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,TheSupernaturalMuffin,"One of the few games that plays like the classic fallout games.Its a true rpg,Not this skyrim crap where you can be a mage but grab a elven warhammer and swing with the best of em,In this game you got low strength and try to pick up a sledgeahmmer you wont be able to,you will just suck.Its a rpg where stealth,melee,guns and Pyionic powers all are ways to play the game,that being said you cant even use pyionics untill you unlock them you cant cast fire bolt from the start of the game like in oblivion!I will update it as it moves up though early access but its note worthy because its a real Rpg.FYI I consider fallout 1 and 2 some of the best rpg games out there and find this game pretty sweet so if you are like me and have played fallout 1 and 2 to death,but think wastland 2 is to much money or is to liner then this is the game for you.Worth 10 bucks for sure and with all the updates its a growing game with new areas coming out.Be aware this game is hard,if the only rpg games you have played are fallout 3,skyrim oblivion,mass effect,and fable then you might want to back off because this game is so rpg it can hurt.Not saying those are bad games but the term rpg can fool you so make sure you know just how rpg this rpg is."
,Recommended,250520,19924550,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Arcturus,"If you were looking for a ""real"" fallout 3, here you got it.Complex and fun, though sometimes you will have to waste skill points on useless things if you want to complete certain missions. Still better than whatever bethesda is doing to the corpse of fallout."
,Recommended,250520,20262579,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ComЯade☭,Very addicting if you're into turn based post apocolyptic RPGs and Fallout 1/2
,Recommended,250520,21127984,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Jotaro,This game really throws me back to early age of fallout 1 & 2. It's reallly fascinating to see an old-school isometric game still exist and expand throughout the internet.No doubt 10/10.
,Recommended,250520,30311540,Posted: 4 March,all,CallmeNezo,"I dont know how many times i've had to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ about this game, and yet i always came back to it. I know its a very hard game, but somehow it keept me coming back to it. I love the oldschool feels and even through i have yelled and almost punched my screen i've had to play more and more."
76561198044239882,Recommended,250520,18138164,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,dshammer,"Great old school game that blows other mainstream RPGs out of the water. Every skill works and makes sense,"
76561198017975705,Recommended,250520,25795883,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MudCrab,"A lot of fun, but 'Old School' hard.There is actually a lot of interesting little game mechanics happening here. The amount of XP for killing enemies drops as you start to level up, forcing you in some ways to start looking out for the more dangerous prey just to keep moving forward level wise. Traders aren't junk dealers, well, except for the ones that are, and for the most part don't want that rubbish you are carrying. There are also a fair few interesting things happening with damage to make things a bit more than Hit Points and dead.The game is also not going to hold your hand. You will be given missions but do not expect quest markers, glowing icons above NPCs of importance or even little updates part way through the quest to even let you know you are doing the right thing. Even knowing if you are on the right map is going to require you to pay attention and work things out.The main quests slowly level as part of what I am assuming is the overall story arc. Side quests pop up from time to time if you talk to enough people but for the most part are linked to what you are trying to do anyway. At time of writing I believe I have progressed maybe 1/4 of the way through, possibly less, and can't really talk about the middle/end of the game. You are allowed to explore to some extent but the game is in no means an open world sandbox and some parts of the starting map are blocked off with rock falls that you lack the equipment to move until later.On the down side I did mention this game is Old School hard. Combat is turn based and if you get in over your head you are likely to be swamped and killed before you can get out of it. On the flip side thinking up creative ways to defeat your enemies can be very rewarding. Having been kerb stomped by one enemy three times in a row, I finally defeated him by first throwing in a molotov and then following up straight away by entangling him with a net so he could gain the full enjoyment of standing in fire for several turns. Unfortunately with other combats I have only been able to succeed by entering a map, taking one round of damage from the multiple enemies that are still there waiting for you, shooting once and then exiting the map to heal before doing it again, and again, until you finally manage to kill enough of the buggers to make it a slightly more managable one on one.The game is also a bit unforgiving if you don't follow the 'correct' path on the skill tree. Many areas include air vents that you can, one assume, enter and crawl around, successfully by passing the bigger and badder enemies on the level. I assume as your character needs a high enough Lockpick skill to get the vents open in the first place and I have never been able to increase my skill enough to get a vent open.Also don't ask me how the crafting system works. There seems to be a lot of crafting you can do, just not with my skill base. There are actually a fair few combat related skills I do seem to be needing to constantly increase thank you very much Mr Game Designer so I can't skill up everything.However if you can get over the fact you are going to die alot and are willing to accept that you do need to PAY ATTENTION (one side quest involvesyou having to answer questions about an area you might have casually passed through a couple of playing hours ago for a man who is trying to spy on the place. What? You mean you didn't take notes early?!:P ) then you will have an entertaining little old school RPG with some interesting world building and backstory."
,Recommended,250520,28286449,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,darknj,"Love it, it's hard, it's unforgiven and it's very old school. A true gem for the genra.The crafting can be a bit annoying since you have to hog all the different kind of material around, check for the qualities and all, but I still love it.The game itself plays a bit like pre-2000 CRPG, if you love Fallout 1 then you will feel at home with this style of game play.The story itself starts rather slow and picks up in pace as you go, the world map is relatively big and there are plenty of things to do, including explorations, sidequests,...The char evolution is back to the player, you get to choose every single stats/skill/feats. The different archetypes are all viable, either CC, ranged, ""Magic""or a mix of whatever you want to do.All in all, love the game."
,Recommended,250520,25600282,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Hayaku,"This game is amazing!! Great writing, combat physics, character leveling and general theme/aesthetics. If you liked Fallout 2 you will love this (assuming dystopian cyberpunk is your thing)."
,Recommended,250520,20459818,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,the broad side of a felix,"Fallout meets Metro 2033 meets Diablo. A trading system built upon realistic expectations. A multitude of viable builds and approaches to fighting or bypassing enemies, and punishing those infidels who would seek to hoard consumables. Rewards exploration and creativity. Nearly everything the 90's would have encouraged in CRPGs, which is a fresh breath in today's casual mass marketing appeal. Don't expect this game to hold your hand.10/10"
76561198027522239,Recommended,250520,9894282,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Zagger,"This game is a lot of fun once you get into it. If you're looking for a game similar to Fallout, Metro and Wasteland, but less serious and not as expensive, this is the game for you. Even though it is still in Early Access, this game has so much content already and it has managed to impress me so far. The turn based combat can be sometimes... Annoying, but gives a unique style of fighting.There are still some things that annoy me though: Even on your first mission, you're sent out into the open with a gun and some ammo. By YOURSELF, having teammates would be a nice addition on your first couple of missions. The second thing is that if you try to hit someone with say a Sledge Hammer, from point blank range, You sometimes miss. But I guess that's my fault because I haven't leveled my character up enough.But for an Early Access game, It's really good and cheap for what it's worth. I would consider buying it."
,Recommended,250520,1056523,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,GHOST NUTS,p cool hey
76561198006520527,Recommended,250520,10353642,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Jankanz,"This is the first review I've ever written on Steam. I'm only doing it because this game's developer deserves heaps of praise for what they are currently accomplishing and I don't want them to stop until the game is complete. Please work at as steady a pace as you can and finish this game!I've played through this about as far as I can go based on the current build but every moment of experiencing the atmosphere, dialogue, story, etc. was extremely compelling. The other reviews have said everything I would, so I'll stop here."
76561197973589694,Recommended,250520,24120598,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MightyFox,"A decent Fallout-lite with excellent value for the pricetag.You can:Make a heavy armor machinegun toting tank, a naked drug addict with a knife, or anything in between.Own and customize your own house.Keep heads of certain bosses for trophiesFight your way to the top of arena... and still be ignored by everybody.Side with your enemies... mutliple times!Set everything on fire... and laugh during all the screaming.Become a wizard!Converse with a talking pig.Become the lord of all rathounds.Combat is turn based, which dosn't matter to me, I like both rulesets, but the enemy AI is intelligent and large groups will work together against you. I recommend explosives.Aside from some scripting issues and a few (very) annoying quests, underrail is for the fallout fan on a budget, or anyone new to the genre, with enough complexity to make mistakes, but not so much to overwhelm.4/5"
76561198008574340,Recommended,250520,20408063,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,exp3rt,Underrail is an old school turn-based isometric indie role playing game that focuses on exploration and combat.10/10
76561198127091982,Recommended,250520,23150206,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,sticky8soul,"As I make out the contour of the lurking murderer in the dark, I aim and fire my crossbow at the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... I miss from an impossibly close distance.""Give up. you're not a hunter, you're prey."" The lurker boasts to me.He runs at me with a blade that must be stained from the viscera his many ,..many victems.He closes the distance quickly, but just as he's about a foot in front of me ...my bear trap snaps shut tearing into the flesh of his legs. Immobilizing him. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s newfound conundrum, just gaves his ""prey"" just enough time to set his sights the ""hunter"".This time I don't miss.Totally made my playthrough.This game deserves your attention."
76561198018455354,Recommended,250520,21878047,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,faust,"Closest thning to Fallout 1&2 since ever. Buy it.Gotcha: watch for level cap, character planning is very important and very difficult to get right in first playthrough."
76561198067740760,Recommended,250520,19849601,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sol Milkyway,Great Game!
,Recommended,250520,19945721,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,NikaSharkeh,"Classic Fallout (1 and 2) combined with Metro 2033. Do i need to say more? Lots of classic elements, turns based combat, CRAPTON of skills and perks, many different ways to approach quests, fighting mechanics, and non-combat methods. Actually working stealth in a mainly turn-based game.If you thought Fallout 4 was a bit too FPS-y and you lust for a proper RPG, then you will fall in love with this game. Be cautious though, its in no way for a casual group, just as classical games used to be."
,Recommended,250520,25823729,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,hellwalker,"Great tactical combat, great exploration and probably best level design in any RPG.If you enjoyed Fallout 1 & 2, Divinity: Original Sin, Deus Ex, Thief and System Shock you should give it a go."
,Recommended,250520,25718954,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Snak,A mix of Fallout and Metro with a dash of Shadowrun. It's the perfect recipe.
76561197976271757,Recommended,250520,20041151,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Splinter,"i don;t usually write reviews as i am too lazy, but this game is so cool i fetl obliged too.it is much better than fallout 4, with more atmosphere, more better plot, challenging game play.the graphics that so simple convey the setting perfectly.setting people on fire never ceases to be fun.buy it"
76561198093323377,Recommended,250520,19797035,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ratiomeducet,Love the game.. It's huge! Fans of the original fallouts and turn based rpgs will love this game.
,Recommended,250520,20488288,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,HoboForEternity,"I bought Underrail expecting some decent copy of the original fallout games. i dove in right away, and what i found is more than a copy of the two classics. i was pleasantly surprised and glad it isn't just something trying to be a shadow, but instead shine in its own delight, unique charm.Underrail is a turn based post apocalypse RPG, clearly inspire by the legends of role playing games. it takes elements from those old games that we love, tune and improve it on its own accord.The gameplay is quite simple, you move around by clicking on some space, click on people or object to interact with them, etc. it is like a walk on memory lane of the infinity games era.now we get to the combat. it is one of those games where it is quite forgiving, yet doesn't treat its player like children. like fallout 1 /2 you move in combat by using AP, the game though, has brilliant twist. it separate movement AP and action AP in separate ""bar"" marked by yellow color for movement, and green for action. this yellow bar is used to move around the battlefield, and green everything else, from shooting, throwing, using items or tools including moving. the strategy usually come down to position yourself as effectively with the yellow bar, then use the precious green bar for everything else. it is as simple as that, yet it adds layer of depth we didn't see in traditional turn based games.of course an RPG would not be complete without character building. it is complex, and doesn't hold your hand, there lies the charm. you can shoot, blow up, punch, maul, burn, freeze, talk, intimidate, hack, sneak, steal your way in the game. there are combinations of build you can experiment and have fun with, from sneaky sniper, to bullet dodging, kungfu master with an electric sledgehammer.your characters are shaped by 3 different aspects. that is attributes or your base stats, skills, and feats. attributes govern your character's innate ability, and heavily affect your build. as usual, strength will grant you more power in your melee attacks, or makes you better at handling big guns such as rifles or sniper. Dex will make you better at lighter weapons, such as pistols or crossbows, and so on. skills determine how proficient your character is on specific field, and you want to raise it in conjunction of your attributes. lastly feats, it works exactly like perks from fallout games, where you pick ""permanent status effect"" that benefits you in some way. with all these 3 aspects, your characters are ready to face the perils  of underrail.character builds affect your playstyle. in general, there are several different ""classes"". although the game doesn't really has strict classes where you lock the other when you choose one, but it is recommended to focus on one style. some of these styles can be summed as : heavy melee, light melee, heavy gun, light gun, and PSI user. of course i am using a broad definition of each style. more skilled players can make more unique build, exclusive to themselves.not only that, the game offer simple, yet functional crafting system that deepen your experience. from new shiny weapons, to special bullets, bolts, shield emmiter, cloaking device to helmets that can amplify your awesome psychic powers.last but not least, is the story. while not heavy on exposition and prosaic writing such recent other similar games, this game offer a unique, believable setting, filled with memorable characters and quests. As other similar games it offer multiple choices and methods to complete your objectives. you can be a one man army, or clever dude that hack and manipulate people to achieve their goals. skill checks are often used, although not as numerous as fallout new vegas, or age of decadence, it still over tremendous options and freedom.2015 is a great year for RPG, from high budget witcher 3, fallout 4, bloodborne, kickstarter goodness like pillars of eternity, or shadowrun hong kong, even ""small"" indie games like avernum: crystal souls and age of decadence. i am glad in the end of the year, we get game like underrail that closes 2015 with a big, big bang."
76561198313530690,Recommended,250520,23771136,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FlashJaxs,"all the positive reviews were right, it's amazing!"
76561197966719230,Not Recommended,250520,25106568,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Stairway to Levin,"I want this game to be good but the early game is excessively brutal with the RNG.  Quick save/reload seems to be the intended approach to the game.  Some strategies work fine if the RNG goes your way or fail completely otherwise.  Using the same strategy I was able to complete one of the early missions with only two melee attacks but it took several loads because the RNG will either land the couple necessary hits or will miss five times in a row.  I know the combat is supposed to be tough but early game it's entirely up to chance.Sound leaves a lot to be desired.  Lots of repetitive noises with low, irritating sound quality, I had to turn most of it off except for the environmental sounds that are actually helpful to suggest the enemy types nearby.There's a lot of potential here but the extreme randomness of combat and the constant save/reload cycles are a waste of time.  Steer clear."
,Not Recommended,250520,31564783,Posted: 5 May,all,Healbot,"After the first half hour of bliss for a fallout type game, you'll be only left the snail pace of your character. Worse, the only legal sprint in game is a perk you have to toggle for 10 sec every 40 sec or so, and it doesn't make you go that much faster."
76561198004372634,Not Recommended,250520,28705731,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sh0ck-wave,"Sorry, I really wanted to love this game as it's been a long time since I played through Fallout 1, 2 and BoS, JA and all it's versions I thought I knew this kinda system well and enjoyed it. But this game is simply like pulling teeth.No info on character generation, combat systems, etc. Sure .. goto the wiki and sit there for umpteen hours reading. Got that, great .. first mission .. die die die die die. Weapons, skills, all useless. Make it back, take a pill to invoke psionics, lose 25% of your health. Oh wait, I didn't tell you that bit. Great so now I have less health. Next mission die die die die. Stealth : pointless, you can't even sneak past a rat, and then the same rats kill you in seconds.I guess I could start again but the game just is not fun. Someone once described Doom 3 like tieing you to a chair, putting a burlap bag over your head and just hitting you from every side. This game is worse then that  (and yes I completed Doom 3).  I blew through 2 hours just trying to work out the character generation so no refund for me. I might come back to it but that seems doubtful given my first experience and the lack of any real goal to the game from the start.There isn't a learning curve, it's just 'here's my game' .. but wtf am I doing ? why am I doing it ? maybe some tips on characters styles and types, just ANYTHING would have been nice. The game gives you no understanding of the world or what you're doing, so I'm left just shrugging my shoulders at it and saying 'how can I care if you don't give me a reason to' ?Overall just frustrating and dissapointing, and not fun.The only thing I can recommend is that you research this game before buying it."
76561198073010925,Recommended,250520,17819899,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,frankenfurter3,I hope t o see more happen with this game; what they have is really engaging.
,Recommended,250520,17911257,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Spoonitate,"My only complaint is the lack of proper direction, or a map. Otherwise it's a solidly built game."
,Recommended,250520,18392266,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,BuzzKill,For now: very  good and promising game that takes what was good about the original Fallout and brings a few ideas of its own to the table. Will update the review once the game is fully out (I've been holding off playing it again since the alpha).UPDATE: the game is even better now
,Recommended,250520,24171393,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Antithesis,"This has excellent character building that supports a LOT of playstyles. It's worth checking out for that alone. But be aware the difficulty can spike at times, in terms of enemy health, damage, and numbers. Also, there are mines everywhere. I'm having a difficult time enjoying the game now that every single room has 3-5 hidden mines that instakill me. (seriously, there's a place called Depot A, literally every single room has them.)There's an ability, a skill, and a perk that help spot mines before they kill you, but that's their only use if you're not playing ranged or a trapper. I don't like having to invest points just to avoid quickloading so often.I went off on a tangent. Other than the mines, really fun!"
76561198036120247,Recommended,250520,26727087,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,HugoBoris,"This game is great, although it may take some time to like it. Graphics is so so. Soundtrack... It's been giving me a headache, literally. No fast travel, no minimap, no map at all (exept for community made maps in internet), very limited use of verbal skills, non combat skills are mostly crafting oriented (wich can in the end, only benefit combat).   So, what is so good about Underrail?1.Setting. Game takes place in future, where people live in some undeground infrastructure, that mostly consist of metro, service tonnels, caves and underground rivers. While some locations resemble modern constructions, other just don't make sense, leaving you with the surrealistic feel of the game.2.Tons of allusions. Some are just funny text, some add portion of surrealism into game, and some are more of adoptions of characters, creatures, ideas.3.This game is all about combat and exploration. They are really, really great. First, stealth. Your actual stealth is derived from your skill, your armor penalty (the heavier armor - less sneaky you are) and other creatures perception. You don't have to kill most of hostile creatures. You can just skulk about, looting various containers. But if ninja warrior/looter is not your style, mediocre stealth still has great implementation, since knowing position of the enemy and being able to prepare (although, there are almost no prebuffs, wich IMHO is good) is 75% of the victory. So you will develop a habit of entering stealth every time going behind a corner. It's hard to explain in every detail, but stealth is just as it is meant to be.Since there is no minimap, and world is actually a vast multilayer labyrinth, that you need to memorise, this game gives you unique experience.As for the combat itself, there is great choice of styles, actually not predefined. Attributes, feats, that you choose during the game, selection of weaponary determine your style very non linearly. General rule is more tactical abilities you have - less pure power and vice versa. I found the system pretty balanced. Actually, I've played two times, with very different styles and could manage most of hostile mobs.If you liked this review (despite my english) than you'd like Underrail."
,Recommended,250520,24711499,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Charming Dazz,"This is a really good ♥♥♥♥ing game but jesus christ could you make it to where I could have more psi? Like 100 won't do. If I got fully into that route, I should be able to have more than 100.Other than that though. this game is really fun and awesome and I totally recommand this game to all those who like rouge like games.Also you should try to build your character differently each time to make the game more interesting."
76561198032081611,Recommended,250520,20023077,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,VLH,"Suprisingly deep and interesting old school stlye RPG (old school = difficult, doesn't hold your hand the whole way to the end, and turn based combat)."
76561198027976987,Recommended,250520,20006111,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,AJk976,It's exactly what it looks like.  It's been made with love & durritos.
76561198117652637,Recommended,250520,20056955,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,De Faux,"Ah, UnderRail, what can I say about this game? Well, quite a bit, actually, and so I shall.Firstly, let's start with the (very small) list of cons. The very first thing I noticed when I started this game, is that, if you aren't used to the style of combat this game uses, there is going to be a learning curve. As a matter of fact, after about an hour of play, I nearly considered giving up, because I was absolutely awful at working with the combat system. That being said, I implore anyone who picks up this game to get past the learning curve, because, as of writing this review, I have 28.3 hours logged into this game, and I am glad that I decided to press on and learn how to work with the combat system, as this game has proven to be very, very enjoyable.Secondly, and lastly, for the cons, is that this game does have quite a few grammatical, as well as spelling, errors. Many times I have found words missing a letter or two, I've seen two words clumped together several times because they are missing a space, and I've seen fragments repeated twice in the same sentence (as far as I can recall, the only instance of this was when I was talking to an NPC about a quest, I won't say which NPC due to spoilers, but the text read, ""...And in these very troubling times, And in these very troubling times...""). Oh, and if a developer reads this review, I would adore the opportunity to do a completely new playthrough and make a list of all the mistakes I find so that you may correct them.Now, what you want to read if you're thinking about purchasing the game; let's talk about the pros.This game is very quest oriented; if you aren't doing a quest, you probably aren't doing much. You can explore most areas at any time you want, but there are plenty of quests to keep you busy for quite some time, especially if you take your time to explore any given quest area. Again, I have 28.3 hours logged into this game, and I haven't completed my first playthrough.This game is very, very versatile for character customization. You have a point system, which you can use to give your character points in certain areas every time you level up. To compliment this system, there is a bit of a nerf; you can only add so many points to a skill per level. This is obviously good, as it prevents any given character from being too powerful early in, because you can't just spam all your points to a few traits and be a beast instantly.Now, if you're a fan of character diversity, this game will most definitely satisfy your cravings. NPCs are very unique, and I have found myself drawn into talking to most NPCs to see what they say, how they act, and if they seem to fit the roll they are given in the game. Aside from that, most NPCs, if not all, come with descriptions of the character, so you aren't left with simply looking at an avatar. It's sort of like playing through a book.All-in-all, there are so many pros to this game that I won't bother listing them all, as this review would become even more of a full-blown essay than it already is. If you're thinking about picking up this game, I would implore you to do so, because once I finish playing through with my range-based character, I plan on going through a second time with a melee character, a third time as a heavy-armor type character, and certainly a fourth time as a psionics character. I have no doubt that I'll have over 100 hours in this game eventually, and I am certain that, if you pick up this game, you will also have many hours logged into it, as well as a very, very enjoyable gaming session.*Edited so that my proposition to the developers made more sense*"
,Recommended,250520,19968527,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hugh Morris,"If you're looking for a great deep CRPG with dystopian overtones, this is your game. It's a lot of fun to explore. The game is tough as nail, even on normal difficulty, so be ready for a challenge."
,Recommended,250520,20020131,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MeinSchweppes,Pretty good
,Recommended,250520,20055904,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sixshooter Dwarfleopard,"One of the best RPGs I've ever played, go and buy it."
,Recommended,250520,19976343,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,nach0king,"I've actually played a bit more than six hours of this as I have another copy from another site.If you love old school CRPGs, stop whatever you're doing and buy this now.It's a wonderful homage to games like Fallout and Arcanum, all the more impressive given that 90% of it was made by a single person.Pros: Deftly executed CRPG in a novel underground setting. Sprawling world that feels dangerous around every corner. Wide array of skills and items. A novel 'oddity' EXP system (you level up by finding items as you explore; there is a traditional skill-and-kill based EXP system as well but play with oddities enabled, you'll love it.) A bit more accessible in terms of going new places than a lot of old CRPGs, but not enough that it's a total A-to-B fest.Cons: It can be unforgiving at first, and you should either be prepared to restart more than once or research your character before building. (You won't get far without lockpicking, for example.) The crafting system is cumbersome and really for advanced players. The font can be tiny and hard to read. But otherwise this is a fantastic title.I can't recommend this highly enough if you like the old school RPGs. If you've never played an old school CRPG you may find the learning curve a little steep but if the screenshots and reviews grab you, give it a shot - you may find you love it anyway."
76561197963470524,Recommended,250520,20004864,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,InBetweenNames,"Best game I've played this year.  Excellent mechanics, atmosphere, writing, fitting music, and graphics that will teleport you back to 1997 :) This game gets a 9.5/10"
76561198046859840,Recommended,250520,19986013,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,OP WW1 Shauffel,This is like fallout resurrected and packed with more items and features and less forgiving enemies oh a ton more attacks and moves this game makes older fallouts games blush...no joke # amazing
76561198045503284,Recommended,250520,20004690,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,max.savenkov,"This games is simply great. It's also very, very hard, especially at the beginning. In that, it reminds me of classic Fallout titles. However, it's less playful in its tone than even the first Fallout: no theme-park communities here at all, and very little pop-culture references (although I did find a Pip-Boy).The combat is solid and challenging, I only wish it wasn't a single-character game: even a small party would have added much to tactical options.Crafting is useful and interesting, levelling progression is good, especially as you can get no just attribute and skill upgrades, but also feats.One major challenge here is lack of maps, both world-map and location maps are absent. You will spend much time familiarizing youself with extensive system of caves, hallways and building interiors. Consider creating your own map, or finding one on-line. But try mapping yorself first: you may discover some fun in it.Aside from lack of map, my main complaints would be somewhat-weak story and lack of non-combat quests. In this aspect, Underrail is more like Spiderweb Software games (Avernum comes to mind especially) than Fallout/Arcanum."
76561198071742137,Recommended,250520,20020270,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kulmis,"Actual sequal to fallout 2, very hard but incredible rewarding."
,Recommended,250520,23215845,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,☾Ｐrune 💪,"A successor to Fallout in some ways. It's a gritty and expansive isometric rpg, lots of character options meaning you can play however you like. Worth the price too considering its replayability."
76561197977324603,Recommended,250520,26877535,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JanBrezov,Excellent atmosphere and gameplay. Highly recommended.
76561197974174852,Recommended,250520,26877093,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zachthekiller,"This game has it all for that RPG spark inside everyone. Its great combat, crafting, story and game mechanic that rewards you for being yourself, playing the way you want. There are  multiple ways to complete quests which has great replayability options for any build you create. Overall its a game worth the time and money!"
76561197970509258,Recommended,250520,27499579,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hifivinmotherfucker,"Taking a page from the older RPGs, this game can be unforgiving. I'd say it is closer to Fallout than Fallout 4 was."
,Recommended,250520,27775369,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,blums,"Love it.One thing though, even back when Fallout was first release it had better graphics than this. Underrail is a game of it's own with it's own graphical charm."
,Recommended,250520,27807484,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dnorms,It's a total gem.
,Recommended,250520,27976247,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Snow,"If you're a fan of Isometric RPG's or want this to be your first, this is the game for you.Pros:Gameplay Mechanics/Combat give you so many ways to play you'll be making multiple characters for fun.Psi powers and melee are just as fun and satisfying to use as guns and traps or stealth making this game great to play with any build.Crafting has depth and has a wide variety of customization that make your items worthwhile.The Story has multiple factions/groups/gangs/locations to keep you engaged throughout your time playing.No companions to shoot you in the back.Cons:Lack of a map is a little disorientating at first but you get used to it as long as you have a sense of direction.Difficulty- You will die alot early on trying to get a grasp of the gameplay but after a couple hours you'll start to understand and pickup the mechanics.Lack of fast travel may be a turn off for some people but travelling is in no way cumbersome (unless you are over encumbered).Jack of all trades doesn't really work in this game so it limits you in some aspects.No shotguns.No companions to be your pack mule when scavenging.Overall this game turned out to be an amazing stunner that just keeps delivering from start to finish and quite possibly my favorite cRPG to come out in a long time.9/10"
76561198103854199,Recommended,250520,35228419,Posted: 26 September,all,Dogman,"A very nice retro-themed RPG. The quests are also very unique and interesting (and some hard as hell)P.S. SAVE BEFORE THE GAUNTLET, or you have the possibility to have to play the whole game again."
,Recommended,250520,20042016,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,everything is Fine,"Played through Fallout 1 a few times, easily in the top 10 games I've played.This is Fallout 1 but with a massive chunk of issues resolved and more♥♥♥♥♥♥to it.I went through negative reviews out of curiosity and saw pages of what appear to be absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who are upset it isn't a Bethesda RPG and/or complain that trying to play it like a Bethesda RPG didn't go well for them.If you view that as a positive, and liked Fallout 1 for reasons other than ""MUH STORY, MUH GAYMER CRED, MUH FALLOUT 3/4 BACKSTORY [oh wait]"", I'd recommend giving it a try.I'd say it's my game of the year 2015, but the last few years have been so utterly garbage that it almost feels like an insult.This is a pretty good game."
76561197984641145,Recommended,250520,20576583,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,chrisjweber,"Great game.It's great for those of us who love isometric old school RPG's.There are a lot of positives so I'm just going to list a few cons, just so you know what you are getting into.- Text is slightly small- It can be hard to precisely target doors, etc- Items hidden behind walls or items clustered close together can be hard to target with the mouse- No auto-mapping (however this hasn't be huge problem)"
,Recommended,250520,20616996,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Doc_McStabbins,"Like Cyberpunk? Check.Like Post-Apocalyptic Role Playing Games (PARPGs)? Check.Like 3rd Person Isometric Perspective? Check.Like detailed storyline and a semi open-world to explore? Check.Like tons of skills and perks to choose from? Check.Like to see an innovative experience system or have the choice to go traditional? Check!UnderRail is not just an incredible bargain for it's normal price of $15. It's just an incredible game period. I highly recommend it, and if you like what I listed above, you'd be downright foolish not to buy it.Also, regardless of your stances on piracy, the guys who made this are truly indy developers who truly put their heart and soul into it and it shows. Please support their work, because it means more games like it in the future."
,Recommended,250520,19947708,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Real Cake,"This really is a fantastic turn-based rpg.  You are allowed a great amount of control over your character and what you do (as opposed to the psuedo-rpgs we see more and more of) AND it makes you feel the weight of those decisions.Combat is pretty standard for a game such as this, however, the wide variety of usable strategies helps to keep the game fresh, and even fighting wave after wave of enemies, you will still be enthused.It really feels like the devs put their heart and soul in this gem, which is what really makes it special for me. You can tell a lot of long, frustrating nights went into the production of this game, and boy, is it worth it."
,Recommended,250520,20218842,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TheNakedGun,"Absolutely addictive with a lot of time spent on fine details. The only downfall i have with this game is that i'm now level 25  which in my opinion is not high enough, it should be higher or infinite but still recommend this game nonetheless"
76561198029895635,Recommended,250520,20387007,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Szalbierz,"Great game. Old style though, not for all."
76561198005801919,Recommended,250520,20867337,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,mikec4500,Amazing game made for fans of the RPG genre!!!
,Recommended,250520,20099641,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SABBATIRE,"This game is fun. You get to pick some whack♥♥♥♥♥special attribute bootlegs, pick a character avatar that looks nothing like your Sprite, and walk around in some ♥♥♥♥ing subway stabbing rats and picking up radios. WELL FUN BAIII 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻"
76561198023507159,Recommended,250520,20221778,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,the.grognard,They don't make games like this anymore...I say that both nostolgically and with regret that they don't.This sucker is a lot of fun.
76561198043779615,Recommended,250520,20928342,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Ildun,I love this game more than Wasteland 2! One of the reason is I can play as psionic user!
76561198004316095,Recommended,250520,23974278,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Alexander,"I bought this game under the impression I would only be getting a quick flick of a game. I was very wrong, this game starts off hard. And then just keeps ramping up into some even frustrating moments, tho not a rage enducing frustration. The main quest lines I imagine will keep you occupied for 120+ hours with a extremely large crafting system, and exploration system for a Isometric game which seriously adds to the replay value."
76561197968461716,Recommended,250520,21224458,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Beefalo,Like a weird futeristic Ultima.
76561197998167902,Recommended,250520,17409308,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Suslik,"*Updated after game release*Short version:A truly amazing combat/exploration fallout-inspired game with great character build variety, decent balance and plenty of content 9.5/10Long version:Comparison to fallout:Even though it's similar to fallout 1,2, it's way more combat-based than fallout. Roleplaying part is pretty redundant and irrelevant in this game. Don't get me wrong, there's plenty of great quests but the game is centered around combat, exploration and crafting.Character building:Amount of perks is enormous and you may specialize in very different and distinct builds from psi-augmented unarmed fighter to chemical gunslinger with electronic augmentations or stealth-based crossbow-wielding trapper with a freaking discharger sledgehammer. All those builds are actually viable and the game is balanced well enough. I've tried so many builds and developing new ones is the most fun part for me: you can tell that by my playtime.Crafting:Crafting part is very well-made: there's relatively few recipes(about 40 or so) but every recipe may use different tiers and types of ingredients that result in different items. For example with a single recipe ""chemical bolt"" you may make all kinds of bolts from tranquilizer to acid-infused.Comparison to beta-versions:The game was great even while it was in beta stage but after release it just became better in every aspect and a lot of content was added as well.Misc:Some parts of the game like single-use items may seem weak at first but trust me, after your 4th or 5th character you'll find out that there's actually no useless items at all, but some of them shine only if you find out how to use them properly.Things you may not like:- Game world is enormous in size and there's no in-game map, so you're expected to keep it all in your head which may prove quite challenging(similar to dark souls and such).- Vendors not only have limited cash to buy your junk, but they also accept very limited amount of items(like weapon dealers only buy 1-3 firearms) so you'll have a to stash, disassemble or just leave a lot of pretty expensive stuff because no one will want to buy it.- Graphics are not terribly astonishing neither technically nor artistically. Overall graphics feel a little ""indie"". No, they're not bad, but this game is definitely not about graphics or fancy shaders.- Game has some scaling issues on very high-resolution screens, namely fonts become too small. It won't be a problem on any currently standard resolution around 1920x1024 or less.Verdict:If you like fallout 2-style combat and exploration, don't even think, just buy this game because it's amazing."
,Recommended,250520,16178512,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Maoist-Hoxhaist ☭,10/10Would get butt♥♥♥♥ed again
,Recommended,250520,26741554,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,quazzius,one of the best games I've ever played
76561197963714868,Recommended,250520,28228670,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,"Shiftless, two bit, jungle bum!",do you want to play more fallout 2 but already have the entire game memorized?  Play this.
,Recommended,250520,28070507,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AverageWhiteKid,"One of the best games of 2015/16, if not the best honestly. A combination of Fallout 2 and the Metro series that hits all the right notes on great world building.Has everything I like about classic CRPG's. Great combat and abilities, awesome replayability with a crazy amount of different playstyles and skills to master, and plenty of exploration and quests to keep you entertained for many hours.The art style is nothing that'll blow you away and some of the writing is meh, but as a whole everything else overshadows those two weak points by miles.Definitely a must-buy if you like the RPG's of olde."
,Recommended,250520,28113877,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Animus,"Short version: if you liked Arcanum, get this game. Get it. Just... get it.Long version: Underrail is an absolutely massive turn based RPG with many quests that actually require you to stop and think for a moment. The combat system is deeply complex with a vast array of abilities, traps, spells, grenades, caltrops, close quarter combat and long range fights with a dose of infiltration. The music is ok, graphics are ugly and the lifetime is around 100 hours with good replayability."
76561197983086427,Recommended,250520,19652757,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,nice garry,this is a good game9.5/10
76561198052359803,Recommended,250520,10371123,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,hebeck22,"this game is gem of its kind... for someone who like oldstyle RPG like fallout or baldurs gate, a absolute must have !"
,Recommended,250520,19821001,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jack Dandy,"Fallout-style RPG with focus on exploring a large underground realm.Combat system is far better than in FO1-2, as well.Player has MUCH more tools and abilities in his disposal, and it's all very well balanced, allows for many interesting yet viable character builds.Exploration is addicting.Good atmosphere.Some enjoyable humor and characters, too.LONG play time. 90+ hours for first playthrough.Main con this game has is slow movement speed and loading times. You can fix these easily, though:1. Check out:http://underrail.com/forums/index.php?topic=1662.02. Disable the ""Autosave on transition"" bit in the options.All and all, I highly recommend this game for anybody who likes exploration and turn-based combat."
76561197967282370,Recommended,250520,20156528,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,GoodLuck Jonathan,"Game plays very similar to Fallout 2, has good writing, an innovative experience system, useful and balanced(in a fun way) skills and a large world to explore, highly recommended."
76561198006872008,Recommended,250520,20374609,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TWJunky,"if you like the old fallout series (fallout 1,2 Tactics) this is a must.  Fantastic game. Great combat system!"
76561198065867547,Recommended,250520,20356903,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,DeN_DarK,"True Fallout 1 & 2 successor but from different devs of course. If you don't like games like Fallouts 1&2 or cRPGs particullary - just don't buy it. And if you are - it is must have for you.Game is truly great. It is resemble Fallouts but more on the combat side. Actually combat here is much-much better then in Fallouts. Psi abilities, many types of guns, grenades and armors, dodge mechanics, combat feats and crafting - it is all brilliant. On normal game can be VERY challenging in the beggining for your first time - but later it will be easier because you will know mechanics. And for your second run hard difficulty will be most advisable and most satisfying.Dialoges great too but lack some charm that was in Fallouts or Planescape. Style in dialoges is more ""straight to the point"", but it makes them more liveable. Still dialogue branching and story branching not so good as in Age of Decadance, but overall quality of story and quests are very good. Setting in this game really cool and Fallout-like - in some parts it is even better actually. Post-apocalypse, old corporations, genetic experiments, PSI users, force shields, secret facilities and political struggle between fractions - I think in this setting we can have many grear sequels and it still will be interesting. Setting lacks only two cool things: some sorts of matrix and cyber-augmentations (but it can be too much to ask). Anyway feeling exploration in this game is one of the coolest experiences you can have in cRPGs.Game have few ""child"" problems - but they are very minor.1. Map absense. Some people love it and find it immersing. But game zones attach to each other on few levels and it can be very complicated to navigate game without map. For beginner it can be very hard without map. It is good that wiki site have one. Still in MUST be in game - not on site, and it must be optional for people who don't want it (many EA players).2. Zone design. In sense of  beauty zones are very cool. In sense of paths sometimes it is not optimised at all. Foundry maps as example. They are huge, not very full of people and your character often must walk from A to B not by the shortest way but by the Z-shaped paths. Game has no fast travel except few metro stations and it is ok. But if you must walk all the time zones must be designed with that purpose in mind. Sometimes thay are, sometimes they are not.3. Cooldown mechanics on grenades is ""gamey"". Why you cannot use another damaging grenade after first but can use flashbangs? Just because it will broke the game. It is true of course because combat are VERY balanced and astonishingly good. But in case of grenades balance may be maintained in another way.It is few very minor things - and they really didn't matter. This game is rare sight - I and very much hope to see sequel. It is wonderful game.AFTER FINISHING GAME I WANT TO ADD:Ending locations is not unlike rest game - for most they can be very frustrating. More of that - for some builds that was perfect during game end areas can be annoying and boss can be impossiable.Very bad design decisions and test work. Still game is not bad and still it is recomended. Hope end-game will be fixed - a.t.m it is ruined all good feelings about game. Not sure I will be playing second time anyway - replayability for this game is very low - unlike Age of Decadance."
76561198014752149,Recommended,250520,20835190,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,xxRCRxx,good stuff.
,Recommended,250520,7603918,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,skyst,"UNDERRAIL IS A GAME THAT NONE OF MY FRIENDS WILL PLAY BC THEY ARE GRAPHGICS ♥♥♥♥♥S WHO ARE LIKE YEA FALLOUT IS GREAT, LOVED DEUS EX MAN  AND METRO WHILE NOT NECISSARILY MY CUP OF TEA WAS AN ATMOSPHERIXC AND ENJOYABLE SHOOTER AND ALL TYHIS STUFF.  WELL THIS GAME IS ALL OF THAT.  IT'S NOT REALLY DONE YET BUT U SHOULD BUY IT NOW ANYWAY IT'S BETTER THAN ♥♥♥♥ING DOTA."
76561198149122268,Recommended,250520,19835599,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,lagger777,This game is fun. that alone made me like this game but it was a slow start. any one looking for a hard CRPG game this is it. the game reminds me of the first 2 fallout games and for a good reson. but one minor critisim is that the tradeing is some times really anoying and botherd me a bunch of times.
76561198026300134,Recommended,250520,23186501,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Magnus,This game is so much better than Shadowrun
76561197970847046,Recommended,250520,20187130,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CHV,"In my opinion this game would clearly deserve the name ""Fallout 3"". It is exactly what Fallout 3 should have been. It brings back the good old isometric RPG gameplay and adds a lot of fun stuff on top of that.Pro:- Turn-based, tactical combat- Sophisticated crafting system (this is addicting!)- Attributes, Skills and Feats (you always want to reach the next character level)- Authentic atmosphere and interesting questsCon:- Dated graphical style- Not enough gore (for my personal taste)- You need to use the underrail wiki page to understand the crafting systemIf you liked the old Fallout games then will love this game. Go and buy it! Now. Go. Get it!If you are looking for some real-time action gamepley, then this game is probably no fun for you, though."
,Recommended,250520,20012321,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jenga,"GOTY 2015.No reason to not buy this for 10 bux, it's perfect. If you liked Fallout 1/2, you have no excuse.Story is kinda just there, but it's all about the sweet gameplay. 10 bux for hundreds of hours of turn-based, character building goodness."
76561197972671523,Recommended,250520,8585819,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Remnant King,"As a gamer whom grew up with fallout 1 and 2 as the example of PC rpg, this is a game that take you back to this era.  There are issues to fix for sure surrounding the UI and enhancing the social interactions (would love to see a change in how you are perceived by factions based on your actions).  I like the direction, enjoy the reflection of old-school turned based combat, variety of builds, and the incorporation of thoughtful environmental design."
,Recommended,250520,20117755,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Moose Of Doom!!!,good videogame :^)
,Recommended,250520,19792401,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,SILENTMOGG,"Now I'm no grand judge of game design, but I don't remember burning through 122 hours in this game."
76561198009407893,Recommended,250520,20304947,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,☆Jaxoo☆,best old school turn-based isometric RPG of 2015 ``` 8/10from now 30h offlineKICK♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250520,19765444,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,nirth,This is a really fun game with way too much value for its price point (as of this writing $15 USD).This game easily competes with games that cost over $60 USD.Give it a try - it is so worth it.
76561197982494901,Recommended,250520,17971987,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,sundog1,"Great game, plenty of nostaligia and a healthy dose of difficulty...if you like your games smooth and fun play on easy, normal isn't really normal its hard, atleast imho. I've never even tried hard and don't intend to...its a steal at 9.99 in the UK anyway, if you loved old fallout, baldurs gate and anthing isometric/RPG buy it....I'm currently having fun with the psionics and stealth!"
,Recommended,250520,29287749,Posted: 15 January,all,loga n,"The Metro is a very tough place to survive, so don't expect to walk through it as some sort of demigod-like being playing in a sandbox. Don't expect to make the right choices from the start, there are many mechanics and systems, and without an understanding of them there are times that you will miss out on content or skill checks. But I believe this is what gives CRPGs their charm, these blunders and errors in judgement make for some really great, organic and character driven story telling. I came into this game with some base level expectations and $15 to spend and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did I enjoy my time. The fights were hard even after mechanics were grasped, the story was thriving with the little flairs of life you could find if you explored, and the ending left me asking ""Is there gonna be some continuation?"" This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is what Fallout 3 should have been, I liked it more than I liked Wasteland 2 and I really like that game.I would give the game a 9/10. Sure it has some flaws, but what game doesn't? Plus it's made by a small developer so the shortcomings are obvious, but overall the gameplay is solid, the pacing is solid, the difficulty is solid, solid solid solid. This game is good, it's a better use of money than FO4 or the remastered Skyrim and if you disagree ♥♥♥♥ you and your opinion of my opinion; none of this will matter in 1,000,000 years.This is a terribly written review."
76561198199748253,Recommended,250520,30183442,Posted: 25 February,all,drackius41,Very good game ;)
76561197973320480,Recommended,250520,22778197,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,kujato,underground cyberpunk goodness
76561197971640510,Recommended,250520,24309487,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Huggles `,"An incredibly rare gem in a modern world of ""rpgmaker anime-inspired casual rpg"".* A true old-timey turn-based-combat RPG that any fan of fallout would absolutely adore.* It's INCREDIBLY long and intricate for its price, it's very well balanced and actually difficult(!) at times. Good luck in the end-game is all I'm gonna tell you :)) I have over 100 hours on it and I never even replayed it.* The writing is definitely the equal of fallout/fallout2. The gameworld is very well fleshed out, interesting, has its history and native wildlife and all that, enough to make you feel like you're in a gameworld and not just a game, though there are some... well, there's quirkiness that might be explained in the sequel. Lots of stuff left open.* The turn based combat is very well executed and balanced, but the only niggle is that your character is almost always alone, so turn based is a bit wasted there. Turn based is very good for tactics, but when there's only one character, it never really gets tactical.In summary, a real gem and must-buy for any RPG lover.Only wish that in the sequel they add some followers for your character, for tactics to be more fun."
,Not Recommended,250520,13035027,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nevarine,"I have been searching for a original Fallout type game for so long, and when I say FO game I mean: isometric+RPG+openworld+REAL turn-based-combat(not that pause command BS with the space bar). Problem is, you can never really get all those elements together in a new game anymore. You might get 3 out of 4 if your lucky. Sure theres a few games that kinda play that way but really don't pull it together like the first 2 Fallout's did.So after buying the game and putting in 10 hours of solid gameplay I think I've reached a point where I've had enough for now. But before all the fanboys get their panties in a twist just understand that I totally get that this guy put a hell of a lot of work into this game and it shows so I'm not here to sh~t on the product. Yes it is a unfinished title, but I highly doubt anything of my own concerns will be addresed at this stage. It is what it is now, and my constructive criticism is exactly that. Of course this review isn't for the fanboys. Its a honest opinion for people like me who want a game with similar mechanics and X-factor similarly to the original fallout experience.(deep breath)........OK, here we goThere are two main critical issues with the game.The game becomes exponentially difficult very fast. This would be ok if you had multiple ways of getting around baddies but this simply isn't the case. I reached level 5 and put a lot of points into guns as well as perks that enhance gunplay. Didn't have much impact as everything killed you and had like a million more action points than you. To make things worse, aim accuracy would drop from 90+ to 19% at point blank range at any given time for no reason. The only time FO did this was when you had moved into a darker spot, and you would have to lure a critter closer to a light source for better shots. I checked all possible reasons why this might happen and could find nothing wrong with my guy or weapons.I love that Guns and ammo are hard to get and that they have a ""quality/condition"" stat that goes down making your stuff less effective as you play. This requires buying mechanical fix kits to keep that stuff going, but in order to buy a ""kit"" you need the right amount of coin. Chances are your not going to have that much coin so you need to barter with some of your inventory items. Thing is you can't just trade with what you got. Each vendor has a list of certain items that they will ONLY take. If you don't have said items then you need the right amount of coin to compensate. I really liked this system at first. It made you think about what you needed to collect in order to get what you wanted from any given dude. Then you could trade said item to a different dude with a different list of items he/she needs and so on. Seemed like a cool workable system. Problem is.....well, there are actually many problems here, but ultimately it leads to the second major issue with the game....Inventory/items.If you can't buy what you want and you can't barter for it then you have to make the item yourself using the many crafting skills. Of course you will also need to put stat points into each of those skills. As always this is fine and dandy for those who enjoy crafting but I personally prefer to FIND stuff rather than have to make it. This game does not give you the choice. As the game progresses you have less barter potential. Vendors don't need what you have and if they DO chances are very likely that they don't have what YOU want. Even if you try to embrace the crafting aspect(which you will) it becomes so overwhelmingly monotonous and boring that you may want to punch your computer right in the face. Virtually all items in the game are built around a recycling pyramid structure wherby each item needs various parts to be made. You get those parts by breaking down other parts or killing things. On the other hand If you don't have one of the many types of kits to fix one of the many types of items then you can break it down into scrap. Its a workable system yes, but there are SO MANY items that require so many differen't components I just can't keep track. At a certain point you will require beer. LOTS of beer.The limitation, implementation, and tedium of the inventory panel makes the whole mess even worse. Each item and component takes up one miniature square of space in the inventory and is efing tiny to look at on screen. Like MICROSCOPIC!Now if that was the intended desire ok. There is a crapload of ""stuff"" you will need to hoard so fine, we need the real estate. Just let me be able to separate and move my stuff around so I can keep track of it. WHAT!!! no no no no no, are you SERIOUS? Your telling me I can't move my items around and keep them there like every single other game in existence??? Dude, what were you thinking?This is what you get folks: a sort button, and category tabs(which you will HAVE to use). The sort button is totally usless, everything is super tiny, and you have to stare a hole into your screen just to see whats what. If you try to move an item to say the bottom of the panel it will auto snap back up with the rest. This is completely unacceptible given the sheer amount of stuff and the way you have to play the game.I could go on about some of the minor things but its probably redundant at this point.My verdict here is buy the game if you love crafting, have the patience of a Turtle, have the eye's of an Owl, and have the memory of a Elephant.For everybody else, well.....even if all the issues were fixed and changed this still wouldn't be the Fallout type experience you wanted. That said, it still would be a great game. If the inventory was better then the game would atleist be tolerable play wise. Unfortunately I cannot recommend the game as is."
76561198168862646,Recommended,250520,16711838,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,twoodjr,This game is a fun work of art it is worth playing solely to experience something new
76561198025324446,Recommended,250520,22654461,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,FN-2199,"This is a great game. It's made for the old CRPG lovers, and it adds something new to what we already loved from the classics."
,Recommended,250520,22787993,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Gerk,"Great game except for some part of the end zone, still definitely worth it."
,Recommended,250520,19970616,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,thesis,Where's the run toggle?!10/10 would browse hotkeys again.
76561197971499663,Recommended,250520,21993584,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Ex-PFC Wintergreen,"What can I say about this game that other reviews haven't said already?In broad strokes, Underrail is what you'd get if you mixed ""Fallout"" with ""Metro 2033"" and ""The Ice Company"" (a series of novels by Georges-Jean Arnaud, dealing with a post-apocalyptic winter and conspiracies). It's a post-apocalypting world where the apocalypse was so long ago noone remembers how long it has been since it happened, and the surface is a mythical place that might as well be Shambhala, since noone's seen it or knows how to get there, and as far as anyone knows is uninhabitable.You start out as someone who has just passed the admittance tests for one of the most important stations in the Southern Underrail (which is the name for the whole underground rail and stations complex) and soon after making yourself home you are asked to start carrying our weight. Your work for the station (or for youself) will send you into a web of danger, conspiracy and conflicting interests upon which the fate of the whole Underrail will rest.Now, onto the specifics: having played the game for about 150 hours at the time of writing this review (one botched playthrough with an unoptimized character which left me stranded in the boss fight, and a melée-specced one which allowed me to breeze through), I have to say that the attention to detail in this game is staggering, especially considering the small size of the team. The writing is spectacularly good, and this game does reward the players who bother reading. There are many characters telling their own stories, and logs, messages or e-mails telling the stories of those who aren't there, many of which are written from several points of view. The big picture often comes as a portrait of a world in the throes of death and war, to which its inhabitants are often oblivious - it might as well be Carcosa.Regarding the worldbuilding, there are plenty of likeable characters, as well as memorable locations (many of which you don't have to visit even once), and not even once have I felt that by choosing a side on a conflict I'd been shortchanged (by having chosen the ""wrong"" side, as it happens in other games). Exploration is its own reward, moreso if you are using the oddity XP system, whereby most of the XP you get are from ""oddities"", collectable items that tell a small story about the Underrail, be it in the shape of antiques, trophies, bizarre things, artifacts from before the war or forteana (as opposed of getting XP from combat and skill usage).I have to point out that, in regards to game mechanics, the system if fairly simple but flexible enough to grant a wide array of options. When generating a character, not specializing for a build will spell doom in the long run, but the game has the option to display all of the feats on character creation and on level-up, so that planning which ones to obtain and  how to distribute attribute points is feasible even on the first playthrough. All weapon categories are viable for the end game provided the character is specialized, so one needn't worry about whether knives or guns will be useless by the end.Crafting is present in the game, and will allow a character with enough points on the respective skills to make equipment far superior to that found in loot or shops. Virtually any equippable item is craftable, except for the unique ones.As for the sound, the game has great ambient music that sets the mood for each location, and the sound effects, while not out of this world, are good. My dog even barked back to the game's dog sounds.Regarding graphics, while I liked them very much as they suited the game style and the setting, if you are looking for eye candy á la Fallout 4 you've got another thing coming. If I had to compare it to other games, it'd be between Fallout 2 and Van Buren.If I had to say something that didn't feel right to me in this game, it would be that the social skills are almost useless: Persuasion and Intimidation are useful at specific points in the game, but if you spend enough points in them you'll miss those skill points somewhere else later in the game, and if you don't spend enough in them, you might as well spend zero or you'll be wasting points. Mercantile is outright useless, as you'll be swimming in cash (especially if you run a melée character, as you won't spend ammo), but in general it's not a big deal, as you could say the same about Fallout 1.All in all, even if it's not Ultima VII, still a game so awesome I'd buy it again. Hopefully, the developer will make Underrail 2."
,Recommended,250520,19790694,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,labtob,Just get it.  You deserve it.
,Recommended,250520,19846784,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,NotoriousPyro - PyroNexus.com,"I've played about 26 hours of this since Sunday. I originally bought it as it ""might be something I'm into"" and that I ""may play a little bit of.""Little did I know that I am definitely into this, and I have played a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of. This game is basically isometric Deus Ex/Fallout/Project Zomboid turn-based strategy game which requires tactics and thinking to really succeed.Protip to players who are new to this game, or games like it, put it on Classic Easy - trust me."
,Recommended,250520,20476621,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Dell,"Easily the best game of 2015. Is hard, not for your casual gamer tbh. Atmosphere, gameplay, OST, writing, character development, everything."
76561198119592223,Recommended,250520,20514159,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Delta 23,In a nutshell this game is the origional fallouts+new vegas and metro came together and made this but DAMN IS THIS GAME HARD ive had to go back 3 times in a new game  plus and its still hard 9/10
76561198159133115,Recommended,250520,20592800,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kirill-busido,"This game is very good, highly recommended. If you are fan of Fallout 1, Torment, Arcanum, Baldur's gate - this game is for you."
,Recommended,250520,20600427,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TheSanta27,Its like if Fallout stole psi's from system shock then permently lived in a vault.
,Recommended,250520,20418290,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,blackice,"Very good game with interesting combat, role play and crafting system."
76561198064710794,Recommended,250520,20450872,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Swaghetti Prime,I know this isn't very helpful but i like this game it reminds me of fallout 1 for some reason
76561197969195834,Recommended,250520,20463849,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Isegrim,Great world and magnificent combat and character systems.
,Recommended,250520,20468972,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Murphy's Law School,"I really have a hard time turning this one off... Very challenging, but thats what I love about it! At the 15 dollar price point, In my opinion its worth it."
76561198008051023,Recommended,250520,20513290,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Cuddles,Well worth the wait.  Similar to the Wasteland 2 in style and depth.
,Recommended,250520,19846154,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,JuiceboxHero,It really draws a lot of comparison to games like Fallout 1 & 2. I'm having a really great time playing and look foward to unearthing some of the secrets of this wonderful little gem. I bought it on the whim last night and I can tell I will be getting more than what I paid for. :)
76561198032494865,Recommended,250520,19926486,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Babumkin,"One of the best CRPG's in the last few years. If you like Fallout 1/2, you'll like this one as well.Word of warning though, even on the lowest difficulty this game can be quite challenging."
76561197988490066,Recommended,250520,19934862,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Keeptrucking,"Im not too far into the game, but so far Ive found it amazing.First I was put off by the high difficulty of getting past the stealth tutorial undetected. But so far Ive found the rest of the game strikes a great balance of difficulty. In comparison, I find recent Bethesda RPG games like Fallout 4 difficulty to be bland and the game mechanics to be oversimplified.Having read some steam reviews I went in with these expectations, which was important: 1) The game starts out with a high difficulty. There is not much hand holding. 2) There is no map and no quest markers, so you have to take mission notes like directions out of game.Building a character, I felt a bit shoehorned into some specific bulids because of how the synergies work, but overall Ive been very pleasently suprised by how fun the character building and leveling is.This is an RPG carrying the torch of fallout 1 and 2, while innovating and being completely its own thing. It is a deep game, with an open world ready to be explored."
76561198001920246,Recommended,250520,20078644,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,michi,"I have been lurking and watchingthis game develop over the last several years, but held back playing too much because I wanted to expeience it complete.I am not done. I dont hink I am even halfway done, and I have been playing for 30 hours or more.This is an awesome example of a tactical RPG. The combat and character system are reasonbly deep, with many different play styles availible. The writing is decent, and the graphics are very appealing.My only complaints so far is that the background music is incredibly repetitive, but so was Fallout 1 & 2, which the game is clearly paying homage to.Also, the game could have used an intro giving some background into how the world camer to be the way it is, and what background my character had, if any ...Buy this game."
76561198076115624,Recommended,250520,20080326,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Noodle,Fantastic game!
,Recommended,250520,20095317,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Doomsayer,"It's pretty goodThe game says I got 95% chance I nailed this review, hope I don't get RNG screwed again"
,Recommended,250520,20166605,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,PsyЯen,"A great, challenging game that is a must for anyone who enjoyed classic Fallout."
76561197961155896,Recommended,250520,20419175,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Abra,"Extremely unforgiving, hardcore, and complex, just the way I like it!"
,Recommended,250520,33040216,Posted: 30 June,all,Commissar1032,Do you like Fallout 1+2? Do you like Metro 2033? Do you like a game that can be somewhat slow yet fun? Well welcome home...
76561197972289102,Recommended,250520,18848706,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sunny,"After about 8 hours into the game, i've enjoyed the challenge.  It's got an vintage charm to it, that reminds me of classic isometric games which depended on story and character development rather than out and out graphical prowess. Notwithstanding i think the determined effort made by the dev team to provide such classic gaming should be commended. So far so good, i look forward to future developments."
,Recommended,250520,20108831,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Summery.League,"Great game, great developer."
76561197993611798,Recommended,250520,22441670,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,mohawk_819,"Love this game !I hope they are working on underail 2.Its a good buy you will get more than 100 hours worth, im at 68hours and am barely level 13, i love it.-JF"
76561198004477996,Recommended,250520,23970583,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,|LNG| Rocket Morton,"An isometric game that reminds me of the old fallout games, this game will bust your balls if you dont have a plan just like the old fallout games would. starts out a little slow fighting rats but it heats up and ends up being one hell of a good game. my only real isssue with this game is the lack of a map it is a huge game and the lack of map makes it hard to figure your way around. it is well worth the full price of 15 bucks, game is long and there is a ton to explore."
,Recommended,250520,26996378,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smoke Fumus,"It starts out great. Solid narrative, likeable development of the [s]wasteland[/s] underrail, multiple factions which you can help which battle for control, various side stories. It's like if fallout was aiming to tell the same type of story in different setting. Cool.....And then last act happens. Overwhelming enemies respawn at locations, if you are tank/battle character and not playing with classic xp but instead with curio xp - you gonna get wrecked. It's a sign of bad game design if you get thrown into a ultra-difficult location without a solid warning and hit a difficulty curve rock you need to suddenly climb just to stay in touch with the game. sad."
,Recommended,250520,21829334,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LordAwesome,Built my character all wrong and had to restart the game when i couldent beat the final boss. 10/10 Would build a terrible character again
76561197976655773,Recommended,250520,21949275,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,emmanuel,total freedom and deeply tactical turn-based combat. One of the best indie rpgs I ever played
76561198018162336,Recommended,250520,20746855,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,John McGibbz,10/10
,Recommended,250520,21326511,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,shikkadance,An amazing game that still keeps me playing!
76561198066182065,Recommended,250520,28891322,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,"Celsus (""studying"")","This is a review of @gravelfoot's review and the game. Before I go any further, let me state you should take @gravelfoots review with a truckload of salt. He has deleted my entire contra of his review, so take that as you will, as a show of how fragile his ego is.All @gravelfoot's review is is a ego rant about how ""amazing"" he is at every game! Oh cant you see where this is going now... He then insists this game is ""rediculously"" hard, the same hard where my son can easily play it. The reality is he really had no clue what he was getting into and has never played games like underrail before. Consider that for a second. All his review is, is just a ♥♥♥♥♥ing fest about how the game should just be easy for him to understand. I have not encountered any of the problems he has ran into on the scale he ♥♥♥♥♥s about, all one has to do if they get lost is reference the wiki. Cant find a character? Just use the wiki. But alas, for our poor hero he cannot figure out something a simple as a wiki!One might say this proves him right, fair enough, but this is what one should expect from a game that considers itself an old school isometric game like fallout. Now if you dont want to do that, I am more than sure you could figure it out.If I had to call this game anything, it would not be unfair or ""hard"". Maybe if you lack the ability or the patience to spend about 30 minutes figuring out how the game works, like our poor heroine gravelfoot, you could consider it ""Hard"".You wouldnt expect someone to instantly know what they are doing in crusader kings 2, why would you expect someone to instantly know what they are doing in another game that prides itself on being complex? This, alas, is the journy of our heroine as he explores this great question. Alas though, he may never find the answer as he is too busy deleting reviews and leaving passive agressive ""responses"" if you can even call them that.Overall, I give @gravelfoot's review a 2/10. It might serve a good warning for idiots though.I give this game a 8/10. Its obviously nowhere on the level of this misunderstood protige reviewer but it comes close."
76561197970701643,Recommended,250520,19908966,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"A very ""pc"" game. If you're one of them people who vomit at console RPG's or once pc games turned into ""press X to win"", this is probably for you."
76561198106516206,Recommended,250520,26237843,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Teemoo,"In a brief, this is a good game which worth its price. i do enjoy it, and expect more to come in the following update. However, i am not sure whether i will play this game again or not, cause the storyline is super long (somehow lack logical, but doesnt matter), and the explore is really really tired cause we dont have a mini map in game. I am not sure whether i can finish the game if i dont google it, cause i got lost many many times.I know there will be a expedition coming, but as i mentioned, i dont think i will play it again even it is a really good game. This is the game which designed in a really good manner, but actually requires more time to play. Maybe i should use the word unfriendly? uhn, seems?  But i dont think it is neccessary to change it, just as i mentioned this is a really good game. But in fact, only a few people can enjoy it i think."
,Recommended,250520,18867098,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Aurane,"> Have two quests. Need 2000 bucks, and need to find guy lost in sewers.> Join epic arena battles.> Get 500 before it got too tough, decide to make the rest of the money some other way.> Decide to invest the money in a better gun and some gear, to make more money by killing baddies and possibly returning to the arena.> Go test gun out in deep tunnel system.> It doesn't help, character isn't combat focused.> Get depressed, back to square one. Have 90 bucks left.> A guy, who thinks I'm a cat offers weird♥♥♥♥♥drug for 60 bucks.> Take it, can't get any worse than this.> Wake up running around in a laser battle, then properly wake up in a ditch in the sewers.> Think positive. Was going to sewers anyway, had no idea on how to get to the sewers.> Meet mad scientist. He wants to eat me.> Escape epicly. Go back for vengence.> Find the lost guy, dead on the doctors dinner table.> Make way back to city, broke, beaten up.> At least it was an interesting experience.10/10"
76561198064800171,Recommended,250520,19771139,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,chris_cz,"We was always waiting for fallout 3.... And now, he came..."
,Recommended,250520,26847823,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mead Champion,"Worth a try if you are a fan of Fallout series, as I am.What I like here:- The world and the setting are immersive and memorable. Reminds me of Fallout 1.- The soundtrack that creates gloomy atmosphere and apocalyptic feel. It quickly became one of my favourite soundtracks ever.- The graphics are aesthetically pleasing to the eye.- The role-playing system and high replay value. A variety of specialised builds that are equally capable.- Rewarding exploration with a lot of things to do.- Interesting crafting system and a huge amount of useful loot.What I dislike here:- Hit chances and dice-like combat. It's normal to miss 5 times in a row and die while your chance to hit is 80%, for instance. Get ready to save/load a lot.- Overpowered human enemies. Certain types of humans are unreasonably overpowered which makes fights against them tedious and unrealistic.- The interface. Everything is too small. I had to use my laptop, because it's very difficult to play Underrail on a big screen.- The absence of a map and fast travel. It makes the game repetitive and tedious.8/10.The developers put a lot of effort and love into this game. I look forward to the expansion."
,Recommended,250520,25599269,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,99 in 4 hits,This game is not as good as I expected but the price is so good. Worth a try.
,Recommended,250520,28789875,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Robo | TinyRick,Who needs Van Buren if you have this!?
,Recommended,250520,25604847,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kirkwall,Has more content than Fallout 4 and actually lets me ROLEPLAY in a ROLEPLAYING game.
,Recommended,250520,28337047,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,GhostEcho,"Keeping things brief:-Metro 2033 & Fallout 1/2 had a baby, named it UnderRail-Fallout left the relationship, Metro became an alcoholic-UnderRail was raised by Metro-Became an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ due to the experience-Has no trouble kicking your♥♥♥♥♥This game is *hard*, but if you like FO1/2esque CRPGs, and you liked Metro's underground theme, you're gonna want to buckle up for this one"
76561197970648718,Recommended,250520,28843247,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,{(.:A.o.S:.)}Atheum,"Like others say, Amazing and brutal difficulty spikes game!  My most often used ability is the Save Button!  After that, Insta Health, and after that, Reload from last Save Point!Haha..I'm not kitten!  SO, The world is very dark and appears vast, so yeah emersive,  I currently play as this Scientist class that uses Electro and Chemical handguns.  A sniper rifle in the back pack too.  Crafting is really well done, which I put most all my points into every level.  Basically, I've been crafting my own gear to get my character ahead in the game.  Good way to earn cash - if you can find someone to sell too.  I can't sneak so I walk in, Hit HARD, throw some gernades, and loot everything that isn't bolted down or watched over,  Use your lockers in your main room as your Resident Evil Loot Chest so to speak.  Pull out the toybox and craft away.  It's not boring at all.  Graphics are fine.  The build combos you could make is amazing.  Different class builds are impressive.  Story is compelling to me, and the characters all feel very unique.  I hope to get strong and mighty one day when my most often used ability is teabag!"
76561198122743085,Not Recommended,250520,31778690,Posted: 15 May,all,pluto965,this is a personal problem for me but on the harder difficulties it is very had to justify getting psyonics. because it takes a chunk of your health to even start down psyonics you are put at an immediate disadvantage and in trying to have enough puts put into it to help me (a problem you dont face if you just go down firearms) i didnt put anthing into skills i really needed making any interesting progression later in the game impossible. i could only brute force it and normally died trying because my weapons skill wasnt high enough because i focused on psyonic skills
,Recommended,250520,25627045,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Moon,"From the small time I played, it's quite fleshed out but the gameplay and this sort of CRPG in general has aged really poorly.Get it if you have the time to and patience to put up with it, it's quite well made for what it is."
,Recommended,250520,25314892,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,unwaveringresolve,"A lot of people compare this game to Fallout, but Underrail has something that Fallout lacks - it never fully explains its mysteries. If you are fascinated by unanswered questions and puzzles you need to infer a solution to without anyone giving you a simple explanation, you'll enjoy Underrail."
76561198191049418,Recommended,250520,24951073,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Oneiromancer,"Underrail is a very solid RPG. Genre wise this is a very athmospheric turn-based dungeon crawler with nice quests.  I want to point two things, if you wanna give it a try.First, the game will not guide you. There is also no re-spec of any kind, therefore you should really check out various builds and play one of them, before trying your own build. I strongly suggest Nerd Commando's youtube guides on this game, available in English and Russian. Also, use maps from the Underrail Wiki.Second, native game speed is insanely slow. Know, that Underrail is a huge world and game design rewards exploration, especially with oddities experience system. Therefore I suggest downloading Cheat Engine and playing with speed x5. Your transition, as well as certain skill checks are done quick. Since combat here is turn-based, there is no problem with it. Well, this advice goes to many old school RPG.Personally, I think that Underrail is the best post-apocalyptic RPG released in last 3-4 years. The best thing is that different builds make sense. I played with tanky full psion and sneaky assassin, and both appriaches are equally rewarding."
,Recommended,250520,29045190,Posted: 5 January,all,Gengar,I'm not even a fan of turn based RPGs and this is fun
76561198007614952,Not Recommended,250520,26570677,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jeff18katz18,"Lots of good features in this RPG.  But hampered by lack of a good map.  If you want to find your way back to some place you have explored, you need to make a pencil and paper map!  I thought those days were long gone.  You can complete a quest, then spend time trying to remember where the person who gave it to you is located.  Spoils an otherwise good game."
,Not Recommended,250520,24267300,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Vulenoy,"A grenadefest where you're forced to save/load often to get the best possible results from the grenades that you'll keep throwing in order to not die to the most basic of enemies. The game is brutal and repetitive, but the biggest problem is that it's a bore. It's a shame it took me more than two hours to realise that. Now I can't refund it."
76561198034334978,Not Recommended,250520,28915633,Posted: 1 January,all,neptronix,"Seems like a good game.. but the fonts in some areas of the game are just too small and low contrast to read. You can set the font sizes for some things, but other times it looks like a 10 point font that is a single pixel wide.I've never had this problem with a game before. I really wonder of the developer has an 800x600 21"" screen and is oblivious or what..I did complain to the developer about this ~2 years ago and never got a resolution.. other people have complained too. Really sad to see this problem still remain in version 1.0.I wish i could have got a refund a long time ago.. this game is unplayable to me because of the fonts. I really like the concept and was very excited to play this game.."
,Recommended,250520,25172055,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,(SOP) Heretic Hero,"An interesting game, but you will need to do som proper character planning to get anywhere in this very linear title."
76561197970506276,Not Recommended,250520,21004373,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ericquig,"I cannot recommend this game. I love the idea of playing an old school isometric role playing game since I was a huge fan of both Fallout 1 & 2 when I was younger. The problem is, the world in this game is devoid of any substance and feels very cookie cutter. The worst problem is it is horribly unbalanced. The combat is WAY too difficult when you are first starting out. I do not mind a game being difficult, but with this game you will just keep getting killed during any encounter with an enemy. If you enjoy relaoading multiple times in each combat situation, this is the game for you. For me, this just shows the games creator's lack of any understanding game balance. I really regret this purchase."
76561198003946820,Recommended,250520,12803032,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,venheads,If you like Fallout or any other old-style rpg - you have to play this one
76561198140869797,Recommended,250520,31824156,Posted: 18 May,all,[REDACTED],"Decent game.======Verdict------------This game is BRUTALLY difficult even on EASYMain problems are:Weapon Imbalance:Crossbows are way too OP when used by enemies. It was not a good choice for players since it lack the ability to take down targets quickly. Yet in the hands of the enemies they can just stand and shoot and deal 100+ damage on critical with 60+ accuracy, even when you have 100+evasion.Some of the special effects are too easy to trigger. Knife users can stack cripple on player to make it impossible to fight effectively.Too many control methods without countermeasures. Unless you have a pretty high CON.Psionics are WAY TOO OP. It's always dead accurate, supplemented by negative effects that can stack to make your PC useless. Yet those psi users retain a relatively high HP, while they should have that -25% MHP in effect.System Imbalance:All abilities should cap at 100 (or 125) and the game should not require a capped skill to perform most actions.Stealth is broken as enemies can stealth in your plain sight while you cannot re-stealth against most enemies. Even when you break engagement and hide from their sight before trying.Crafting system requires too many points to be effective. Should merge requirements to only need  the highest skill required (e.g. when assembling a rifle with an electronic scope the requirements of electronics should be omitted), or simply merge mech with elec and chem with bio.Enemies can gang r@pe player with ease. At this scale it would be appropriate to make this game a 4-man squad (or 2-man squad at least).Imbalance between player and enemies. Some of the equipment are only effective when used by enemies.======Tried to imitate old RPGs like wasteland and system shock 2, not without problems tho.The character creation itself is a trap since you'll have to progress through the game to reveal attribute requirements of certain weapons, it's possible that a build is doomed from the beginning.Psionics skill is kinda all or nothing. 25% max HP + skill points investment + pay 2 learn killed this system.Supplies is scarce. Seems the designer wanted players to utilize everything in the game, good idea if the requirement to make bullets is not so freakin' high. Gotta put a lot point on barter early on or there will always be a hole in your supplies.Combat is kinda broken when some gangsters can score 50+ per shot on you, worse, this kind of mobster comes in hordes. Mid-game battles are basically sneak-snipe-sneak(if still alive) circles. Tedious.7.2/10 For old-school hardcore only."
,Recommended,250520,20250293,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Orvyx,gg
76561197989634078,Recommended,250520,33358592,Posted: 7 July,all,Darx,didnt regret the purchase at all. and this doesnt happen a lot nowadays
76561198027139630,Recommended,250520,10615887,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr Shooty,"I have had this game for a while now, and thoroughly love it. It has some issues, but then it's Alpha so this is to be expected. The fact that this is Alpha is an exciting one because it means there is hopefully more of this awesome game to come. Don't hesitate, just buy it."
76561197960698426,Recommended,250520,22384781,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,CountZukula,"Amazing game, one of the best RPGs I've played in the last years."
,Recommended,250520,20703792,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Upa Oba Opa,Great game! Reminds me the Fallout I and II era.
,Recommended,250520,31990507,Posted: 27 May,all,TheBreakfast,"Underrail plays exactly like a classic CRPG, for better or for worse. If you're a fan of Baulder's Gate or Fallout 1 & 2, you'll probably love this game. But if you've never played a classic CRPG before, I can't recommend this as your first. However, if you're a fan of the genre, I couldn't recommend this game more. It's a lot more difficult than most of the classic CRPGs from the 1990s. But once you get into the meat of it, this is a very special game.This isn't a game where you can create a character that is a master of all skills. If you're patient, and specialize in just a few things that complement each other, then you can make slow and steady progress. If you try to do too many things at once, you'll end up painting yourself into a corner and you'll probably need to start a fresh character. Even with a decent character build, this game can be unforgiving. You need to carefully consider your every move, and get information about your enemies and surroundings before engaging. Keep in mind that certain enemy types like rats can't open doors, and ranged enemies usually require line of sight. Use the terrain to your advantage early on. This will get you through the first area unscathed.One of the best elements of this game is the effectiveness of stealth. Compared to other CRPGs, this game has robust and engaging stealth mechanics both in and outside of combat. Shadows and light, line of sight, enemy patrol patterns, and even their physical states all matter mechanically. For example, if any enemy is well-lit, and you're hiding in darkness, you can ambush them (an ability which enhances your stealth attack scores against well-let enemies). Ventilation shafts are also an important terrain object, allowing you to somewhat safely scout out a dungeon and learn enemy patrol routes. You can set up traps along their patrol routes to give yourself an upper hand, or cut off flanking paths. This creates thrilling enemy encounters that are distinct from other CRPGs like Fallout. It also magnifies the tension for low health characters, which is great.This is a little bit of a niche game. If you're pining for a bygone era of isometric RPGs, Underrail will scratch that itch. If you’ve never played a CRPG before, you'll probably feel like you're banging your head against a wall with this one at first. With patience, you'll be rewarded."
,Recommended,250520,26135821,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Ginseng,Underated; enough said.
76561198022370883,Recommended,250520,25467785,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PandionHaliaetus,I've only gotten a few hours in and I love this game.  The old school design is perfect and I already know I want more from this developer.
76561197971008749,Recommended,250520,25575831,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Rivets,"This game is a brilliant creation, not just that it captures the spirit of games like Fallout 1 & 2, but also has some interesting features and is actually quite creepy at times, it is retro with all the good parts.  The controls are simple and from the very beginning you are constantly deciding what is the best course of action, A. Gun's Blazing, B. Stealth, C. Persuade, D. Intimidate...etc, oh and how could i forget the Psi powers which are cool.  The art design and graphics (and lack there of) is very 90's and does not actually detract from a very interesting story and side quests. I played this in early access and i have to say it was certainly worth it money."
,Recommended,250520,32698468,Posted: 23 June,all,Atalanta,"Great, fun game, like the old Fallout games but brought up to date.The only thing about making a character is that you can't be a jack of all trades and expect it to work.Some people complain about no map, but I almost never noticed that there wasn't one since you can see the entire area you're currently in. I did need a map for a bit of the final area, but learned the layout quickly after that.Combat feels incredibly satisfying, the enemies can have the same abilities the player does, which leads to having to reload several times in some places, but only until you get a working strategy for timing and dividing up the opponent.There isn't that much story, but there's a ton of lore woven into the world.After being let down by Fallout 4, one of my favorite aspects is how your choices in actions and stat placement change the ways you can go about things. Even when it simply comes down to combat, it's never just that, there are plenty of ways to approach a situation, and the environment can be taken advantage of."
76561198010628632,Recommended,250520,24219424,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,CountCristo,Great game
76561198255088411,Recommended,250520,28992587,Posted: 3 January,all,ugljesar,"A great game. Reminiscent of Fallout 1 & 2, though it does feel much more versatile."
76561197989793240,Recommended,250520,19158391,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Wolf,An awesome old style RPG with loads of customisation and exploration and story. For £6.50 you really cant beat it at that price.Recommend+
,Recommended,250520,29035797,Posted: 5 January,all,Applesmacked(1080ti hype),"Great game, although mid game can be very frustrating/annoying depending on build. Luckily there is a skill check point early on that will let you know if you're doomed or not."
,Recommended,250520,26543620,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BrotherLewis,Fully potato compatible
,Recommended,250520,11705055,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,honorabili,I highly recommend this game. It's a lot like Fallout 2 mixed with Jagged Alliance. It also only costs $10. -Ig/honorabili-
76561198040644163,Not Recommended,250520,25705585,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Urn Sudden,"I'd initially bought this game because I figured it'd be comparable to the classic fallouts, and in a sense it kind of is, but if you approach it the same way you approach fallout 1 or 2, you're probably going to end upextra dead, or in a stalemate with your build (the first 8 hours of my experience) . My qualms with Underrail are the limited number of approaches you can take in certain situations. It's like combat situations oscillate between ""do-able by placing traps around the vicinity and tactfully choosing your combat utilities"" and ""If you can't tank this part, you're screwed""To some the cavalcade of enemy types you confront mission-to-mission might keep the game fresh, but in my run it's resulting in traveling back and forth to hubs to buy specific utilities from vendors for the next slice of the mission, and without the foresight of a second playthrough I end up ill-equipped infuriatingly often and sitting through the dodgy pathfinding to get back to to those hubs.This one point in the main quest really got my hopes up,when you're opening the burrower nest in the warehouse, and can get the card key by getting the looters' attention before locking yourself in the security control room and activating the turretsbut since then the moments where puzzles weren't solved by dumping money into enemy-specific combat utilities have been sparse, to say the least.Odds are good I'm going to finish a playthrough eventually and maybe I'll be singing a different tune, but for the moment I'm spending too much time pacing the path between my current objective and the nearest hub to recommend this to anyone."
76561197975411414,Recommended,250520,10291819,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,syserr,"Has potential, but wait til release. Interface and HUD clunky."
76561198193767909,Recommended,250520,24194132,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Senile monkey,"it's a pretty fun game, did a few quests in the game, and i am impressed"
76561197977211401,Recommended,250520,12337828,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Well designed and balanced game with some nice features, a really nice character building aspect, an in depth crafting system (if you are into that kind of thing) and a very real effort to make the levels immersive while still being an old school isometric game (such as a nice ambient soundscape).Only real issue is some minor clunkyness, and some ideas which are nice, but implemented in an odd way, but development is ongoing and both of those issues are easy fixes."
76561198099272400,Recommended,250520,29391415,Posted: 20 January,all,trrz1,"This game is all about trial and error. Messing up is a party of the game. Yes, this game sucks sometimes, but what it does well, it does great. Stealth, crafting and combat in particular.Infiltrating enemy base, looting containers for oddities, killing just the boss, that you have a contract on... It just works.Crafting loses some fun when you start mix-maxing, but being able to craft almost anything in the game makes it much more believable.And combat is what makes or breaks the game. Yes, rng plays a big role and some fights are frustrating. But what really works is a feeling, that you are fighting characters, similar to your own, not gimped losers, who are only there for you to feel good about yourself. Enemy snipers, crossbow hunters, melee, rogues, psionics can kill you in 1 turn in 1-on-1 fight. Killing a group of such enemies due to planning and execution (and save-load abuse sometimes) feels very good.If this game has some appeal to you, it's definitely worth trying."
76561198004429212,Recommended,250520,30182589,Posted: 25 February,all,Cbass00,"Don't listen to the flood of modern era gamer reviews from all the people complaining that you can't win this game on auto-pilot. Too many people have been spoiled by games that hold your hand in order appeal to the masses and rarely there's a game that actually requires some thought and strategy to win. Look at how dumbed down fallout 4 became. It turned into an fps with a sprinkle of rpg on top. Is this game hard? Yes. Does it take patience to learn how to play? Yes. Is it worth it? Hell yes.I'm %100 positive that all these negative reviews are from people who jumped right into it thinking they could randomly spread some points around, run around and shoot some things until halfway through the game and then be an unstopable god mode killing machine like all the other modern rpg's. You can play many different builds as long as they make sense but you can still die at any point if you're not smart. If your build doesn't make sense and you just pick whatever sounds cool then you're really gonna be in for a hard time. It can be a bad thing for some but it's a challenge and reward kind of thing. Half the fun is the challenge and then you feel extra good when you acomplish something. You just have to earn it. Best advice is to not spread your points out too thin, pick something to specialize in and copy a build from a guide for your first character. Just youtube it and learn before you jump in.Gotta give props to the devs for making a really unique gem of a game that's probably a niche because of the way most games are like today. Hope they have enough success to continue making them because games like these are a rare breed and this one's truly special."
76561198044653235,Recommended,250520,22281472,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Azza,This game brings  back good memories.Great gameplay and excellently written. Few cons but they are forgivable
76561197982666417,Recommended,250520,22417398,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,dest.31337,That game is awesome!10/10
,Recommended,250520,29949739,Posted: 15 February,all,Aceito,So difficult that no one blames you for savescumming.
,Recommended,250520,9357843,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,roger_muppet,"I am not fond of early access.But Underrail is not the reason for that, it's a slow but safe horse :)The game is like Fallout really, and it's on its best way to be on par. Only time will really tell though."
76561198040557124,Recommended,250520,9436617,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Lazero,frigg'en excellent.
,Recommended,250520,7420856,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Lokaror,"3 hours in and im hooked. A Game that obviously takes alot of inspiration from the older fallout games (Action points, not shootbangs) You are a new resident of a community undergound. As such you are immeditaly sent out to do the most dangerous tasks avialable and are given barely adequate resources to do so. With atleast 5 different ways to do combat (Including crossbows, melee, guns of course, pyschic powers, or maybe stealth) Or mind you, any of these in conjunction with the others. Combat is challenging and the crafting system looks pretty good (Havent gone far enough to utilize yet.) Over all id say this is worth the money that you will pay for it, even if there is a price hike to 20 dollars. Go ahead, its worth it."
76561198009802264,Recommended,250520,8945135,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Sharpe,"A game i purchased just to give it a shot, never thought i'd really enjoy it but i have. For it being an old school isometric rpg its amazing. Its like a Mixture of Fallout, and the Metro games, Its really fun and enjoyable and althought i've only played 2 hours of it, i will keep playing lots and lots more thats for sure."
76561197999372059,Recommended,250520,9111119,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,eg♡♥ლ(◕ω◕ლ),"if Fallout 2 and Metro had a baby, this would be it"
,Recommended,250520,9584586,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Greghed,"Much in the vain of the old fallout games, 1, 2 and somewhat tactics. But has many things added to it such as crafting, soon, energy shields, nice map for being an early release game. There are also a group of skills and abilities using a thing called psi which basically is mana for a futuristic game. There are many special abilities you can use and this adds a lot to the game. The weapon skills now consist of crossbows, guns, melee, and thrown weapons which is a great variety with this game coupled with the psi abilities- which are also combat skills. Crafting is really well done in this game the tradeskills you can choose from are Electronics, Mechanics, Tailoring, Biology, and chemistry, which have a wide variety of recipes and you dont always get he same item with the same stats, which makes you not have to grind through these skills. Overall i would definitly recommend this game but remember it is an early release game so it will be much bigger than it is now and have more items. Also they update the game around every month since the updates are generally very big, adding a new town or a bunch of items, or features.10/10 overall for me( this is my opinion) since i love this style of game and love post apocolypse stuff in general. Send me a message through steam if you have any questions about this game or any of the old isometric view games since i played them since I was a young kid."
76561198087640463,Recommended,250520,30980201,Posted: 6 April,all,SpaniardSword,Playing this game I have the closest feeling of playing a pen & paper rpg I've ever had with a videogame
76561198036886265,Recommended,250520,33547015,Posted: 14 July,all,bbriff,"Old school, but very immersive & very enjoyable. For gamers who value atmosphere, thought provoking combat, depth & challenge above ease of access & ""awesome button"" type games."
76561198010753583,Recommended,250520,34008556,Posted: 3 August,all,Sygmatious,"Great variety in gameplay, nteresting story, and love their unique aspect on leveling with the oddities. Makes being a thief/explorer worthwhile."
76561198015085189,Recommended,250520,10250388,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jordan,"Looking ot be a very enjoyable RPG in a retro graphic style though there are a lot of balance and playability issues. Still, one to look into for the future."
76561198002144805,Recommended,250520,12138441,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ram911,This is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time. It is reminisent of the old Ultima and Wasteland (the original) games. It is actually the game that I was hoping Wasteland 2 was going to be. It is an indie game supposedly in its Alpha phase of production but it does not play like that. It plays like a commercial release from a big production company. Playing this game is like reading a good book it is hard to put down. The only problem with this game is the price. It is far to cheap. I am afraid the creators will not make enough money to motivate them to create a sequel.
,Recommended,250520,8848693,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Metafysik,"A modern day isometric turn-based RPG that is almost an instant classic. If you lived in the era of isometric role playing games such as Fallout, you will quickly fall in love with UnderRail. It is charming because even though it maintains a retro style with artwork and gameplay elements, it also feels intuitive and innovative in it's own right.- The ""oddity"" xp system in this game suits it perfectly. Players must find items called ""Oddities"" to gain experience and level up instead of grinding through enemies and objectives to gain xp, players are forced to explore in the manner which suits them most in order to gain xp. Whether you engage combat head on with every opponent or avoid them with stealth or manipulate your way into places with persuasion, you will be equally rewarded with xp. This means players are rarerly forced into combat and a diplomatic or pure stealth playstyle is not only plausible, but enjoyable.- The crafting mechanics are finely tuned and well-balanced as of the recent patch. The crafting system makes sense and the skills are very rewarding to invest in but are not a necessity by any means. The player can go through the game crafting his own gear, stealing it, looting it or buying it. Crafting will eventually lead to higher quality gear though which makes it feel like a worthwile skill investment.- The skills in general are all well balanced. There are a few nuances, such as unarmed combat and the evasion skills being underpowered compared to using melee weapons and wearing heavy armor, but still are definately viable if you don't mind the extra difficulty.-The psionic abilities and skills in this game are great. It provides variety in combat along with the various traps, throwables, consumables and ammunition types to make combat feel layered and strategic.- The depth in dialogue is lacking and the plot does not feel fleshed out yet or immersive. Mind you this game is still an alpha and the content is currently being worked on for the next big patch. It will provide much more dialogue and lore and add many new areas to the game to explore and immerse in. The game right now can be finished in 15 hours if you are playing at a fast pace. However there are many side quests and distractions to keep the playtime around 30 hours."
76561197984119810,Recommended,250520,9315117,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,BillyBobCledus,"If you enjoy the Fallout series, you'll get a kick out of this."
,Recommended,250520,21988250,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,MVNKK,"I only have one word ..and a number;  Fallout 2  - best turnbased RPG ever made. This captures it, the same desolate feeling of post-apocalyptic bliss!"
,Recommended,250520,29778618,Posted: 8 February,all,KGB,Played this game a tons while in Alpha. Havent had time to get back to it and finish it now that it is complete. Will get to it eventually. Defenitely worth buying and supporting the developers..
,Recommended,250520,29910196,Posted: 13 February,all,Parris,"A pretty punishing game, but equally rewarding and definitely one of the better RPGs to come out in recent years.Has a very similar atmospher to Fallout (i.e. grim, dark, depressing, hostile), but combat usually requires a bit more planning due to Underrail being somewhat tougher and the greater array of abilities (including optional psi abilities). The focus of the game is on exploring a post-apocalyptic metro in 2D isometric form, while the main story suggests you head towards certain locations in search of certain things.I only really have good things to say about the game, but one criticism I did have is that there's no map, which makes it pretty easy to get lost when wandering around, especially since sometimes you wander up or down a level without noticing."
76561198019703852,Recommended,250520,30385281,Posted: 7 March,all,tempestlrd,Great Game!  I loved Fallout Tactics and this game is almost the same (without a squad :( ).
,Recommended,250520,10523073,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mornblade,"This indie RPG plays somewhere between Fallout 1, Baldur's Gate, and Metro: Last Light. It always feels good to get into a game that feels like an RPG, because so few games today have that feel. The game is challenging and quirky, and I've been playing it off and on for a year. It's a definite indie-thumbs-up game."
,Recommended,250520,7315122,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Max Hazard,very similar with Fallout 1-2. that's cool!
,Recommended,250520,8735198,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ToadStoned,"Awesome game. At the time of this review it is still in the very early beta stage, but I would love to see loads more content and to see how the story line progresses."
,Recommended,250520,22124064,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,๖ۣۜPushDaddy,"Post-apocalyptic gaming fans rejoice, for this is another gem in the ever expanding genre.UnderRail is packed with content from its complex story arcs and decrepit scenery, to is piles of guns, bullets, armor, and plenty of foes to use them on. Not to mention the Mind powers. Fill your pockets to the brim, loot, kill and quest your way across a rather massive complex of caves, tunnels and subway systems. Experience a society twisted by apocalypse, choose from factions or pave your own path. As in any RPG the choice is yours, and boy are there a lot. Though, a word of warning, don't expect to be a ""jack of all trades"" in this game. You must find a specialty and perfect it, otherwise the game will beat you down like the sniveling indecisive worm you didn't know you are.Unfortunately I was unable to complete even the games main story due to my hard drive frying. Although with 60+ hours on record I can say I have an accurate impression of the game. Although it goes with out being said, this is not a game that you can sit down and beat in a day, or even a week. At least if you plan on experiencing anything, I suppose you could speed run through the game in a 24 hour play through. You'd have to be damned lucky though, because there is more than one spike in difficulty throughout the game. If you want a game that you can deeply invest yourself in and still feel some bit of sanity at the end of it all, this is the game for you.The gameplay mechanics don't come with out their learning curves, but what respectable turn-based game doesn't? There have been patches out for the game since I played last. So I'm sure a lot of the bumps have been smoothed out, not that there were a lot to begin with.All in all the game is well rounded and well worth the price, though it doesn't come without its cons. I 100% recommend this game."
,Recommended,250520,22248853,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Chrithu,A hidden RPG gem. I kinda wish there would have been a demo. I would have payed the full price rather than waiting on a sale.I hope the dev makes more games like this he definitely knows what a good RPG entails.
76561198039977585,Recommended,250520,24307829,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,rakshasa72,Despite some flaws Underrail is a great game.  I just can't get enough of games like this.
76561197977050434,Recommended,250520,24964013,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sir Guss Tarballs,"This is a really fun, entertaining and in depth game.  Not too far into it yet, but it seems like a huge world to get involved in.  Not enough games out there like this anymore."
76561198319551520,Recommended,250520,29932614,Posted: 14 February,all,A_Clever_Monocle,by far the best crpg I've played to date
76561197982854553,Recommended,250520,30029163,Posted: 19 February,all,Sage,"This is a brilliant, expansive game with more thought and craft in it than many AAA games. IMO, way better than Wasteland 2 or any of the Fallout 3/4 games."
76561197998319968,Recommended,250520,22017782,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,RammingSpeed,I had a good time sneaking up on people and murdering them with my mind.
76561198008927603,Recommended,250520,22479993,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Estevacio,"This game is so complex and a complete mind twister, navigation is chaos and i love it!! and the surprises the game gives while you play it are worth the jobs!!! a hardcore turn based/real time quest guided RPG with lots of skills and a true character build system, if you are a junkie on these kind of games, this one is a MUST!!!!!"
,Recommended,250520,29418843,Posted: 22 January,all,Kei Mist,Nice.
76561198115113600,Recommended,250520,30953625,Posted: 4 April,all,HostofHeaven,"At the time of this review, I have somewhere in the vicinity of 110 hours in this game. If you are looking for the pro/con lists that so often accompany these things, I invite you to read any of the Negative reviews, specifically those with more than 20hrs of playtime.Here's my short review: This game is a grind, no doubt about it. At times Underrail has been called a ""Reload Simulator"" - I find that desciption accurate.I also have had an immense amount of fun playing it. It's worth the $15. A single successful playthrough is in the 70-90 hour range. Do you need to use the wiki? Almost certainly. Does it have flaws? Damn right. Is it creative and immersive? All the yes.Encouragement: Keep pushing through it. I restarted about 5 characters before I found a combination of skills that were effective. Pick a SPECIFIC character type, and just go all-in. You can do it, fellow couch-surfers."
,Recommended,250520,7399839,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Jreed13,"This is a very incompmlete game. This is also a blatant Fallout ripoff. That being said, I love it. If you're a fan of old school Fallout, Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment, etc games and you don't mind beta testing, pick it up."
76561198047478104,Recommended,250520,11515676,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Hektikwon,Even in it's current unfinished state UnderRail is fun to play. This game has a lot of content and is well thought out. Definitely worth the price!
,Recommended,250520,29451752,Posted: 23 January,all,dusty84,"I have only played for 8 hours at the time of the review, but I have to say this is a fun game. Stay away if you don't want to spend time figuring stuff out, because the quest givers don't usually repeat themselves and some objectives aren't completely obvious. Reminiscent of Fallout 1 & 2, except with psionics (pretty much magic in a sci-fi setting.) Turn based combat is well done but unforgiving, so save a lot. This game is all about min/max, so pick some things you want to be awesome at and focus everything you have on those sets of skill and stats. The game has been out for awhile so there are plenty of character builds online."
,Recommended,250520,31005287,Posted: 7 April,all,Phyrexis,Just brilliant. If you're a fan of the genre you should get your hands on this.
,Recommended,250520,28965248,Posted: 2 January,all,Spider00x,"In a world were modern RPGs hold your hand and spoon feed you everything comes Underrail.You know how you blow through games like Fallout 3 or Pillars, or whatever never using potions, power ups, or traps. Sure you might dable for fun but they largely go unusedWELL NOT HERE PAL!its an all out assult on your character! You will die and die a lot until you learn how to play slow and play smart, there are people who obviously have cracked the min/ max code of the game building a character like flawless diamond cutting through enemies with the percision of a laser. HOWEVER, that is not you on your first playthrough you will bumble through character dialogue, important fights and all the while wondering if there was a better way to do that one thing, or should have I invested more in a different skill.The game is OLD SKOOL like the difficulty I would acrew to old Ultima games or something like Pools of radience if that isnt your thing I hear servers are running 24-hours a day for 'Hello Kitty Online.'It took me literally 14 hours to beat the last boss in this game... 14 HOURS STRAIGHT! Meticulously preparing and executing my strategey. You will never really walk around like a god in this game with any build, every encounter beyond 3 or more enemies will wreck you. So prepare for heavy combat!This is a long dungeon crawl game with interesting story tid bits sprinkled in that will keep you intreaged, once you power through the first half of the game, the second half it REALLY opens up and becomes truly remarkable. You can tell a a lot of time was spent crafting the end game. Styg does a wonderful job crafting this lonley opressive enviornment with your character struggling for survival in a harsh and cold environment.Good job guys you have my business as a man whose played RPGs for 30 years you have my attention and my gratitude for giving me such a wonderful gaming experience. While at times I was ready to throw my hands up and walk away something kept making me come back for more... that is hard to do in a world with thousands of games!thanks again!Highly recommend if you want a TRUE dark souls level challenge game."
76561198073492841,Recommended,250520,28994147,Posted: 3 January,all,abuffardi77,"Initially started as an int/will/perception heavy PSI mage on normal and got my duff handed to me.  Disliked the game at first but rerolled on easy as a high strength/dexterity/agility/constitution melee knifer.  A previous reviewer mentioned taking PSI abilities regardless but I skipped it in favor of retaining higher HP.  So far the results have been much better allowing me to enjoy my first play through.Game is obviously in a post apocalyptic setting, music is solemnly calm, and graphics fit the atmosphere and style of game.  No hand holding at all here, you are at the mercy of memory, intelligence, and the Wiki.  The ability to save at will (except for combat) creates a reduced stress environment for casual play; meaning play for 30 minutes, chill, and come back.  Story line is strong, a lot of dialogue to read, and a lot of exploring to do.  Another reviewer said people who get frustrated quickly should start on easy, and he wasn't lying.  If you have little to no patience just start on easy with a cookie cutter build to get used to the game.  Expect to get your azz beat when encountering multiple mobs even on easy, and expect to get lost without a map.  NPCs also give little advice but if you pay attention you can complete your tasks.Pretty happy I stuck with it."
,Recommended,250520,31626981,Posted: 8 May,all,EdwardDarson,"151 hours on a singleplayer game and counting, and I still haven't found all the secrets. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone looking to spend a few months having some good, old-fashioned isometric fun, with a great storyline to boot."
,Recommended,250520,27062860,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YourBrainAFK,great game
76561198124534463,Recommended,250520,26722179,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Epsilon,"It is what Fallout 3: Van Buren could have been. It is good but not great. Could use a companion system as it gets annoying to deal with 7 different enemies at once with no support what so ever. Other than that, the gameplay is great. Could use a 'permanently delete item' button to get rid of all the useless items that pile up everywhere."
,Not Recommended,250520,31929408,Posted: 23 May,all,AMEN BROTHERRRRR,"The RockPaperShotgun article pretty much nails this game on the head. Let me summarize.""...combat becomes obnoxiously hard early on, mostly due to enemies having access to the same perks and equipment, and then some.""'...there’s simply too much random luck involved.""""There are cooldown timers on everything too – stealth, medkits, even grenades for god’s sake""""...when you’re fighting three people who can also stunlock you for 2 or 3 turns...  Even on easy mode, too many fights come down to hoping that enemies will miss, against the odds.""""...quicksave roulette""""Underrail has a nasty habit of misinterpreting clicks in combat, adding more chances to instantly doom yourself.""""...the only way to gauge a fight is to save the game, then let them kill you""""Oh god, the trudging... endless plodding from one end of an empty screen to another, even more slowly if you’re stealthed""""...I still have very little idea what the plot is.""I really wanted to like it myself, but the mechanics are like death from a thousand tiny cuts, and the non existant plot will not stimulate you enough to keep coming back for more of this monotonous, empty, and forgettable world."
76561198054014566,Not Recommended,250520,25080342,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,anu778,"This is a GREAT game. In theory. Where to start....it is very much like the first 3 Fallouts, and then again...it is not at all. I'm not a review writer, I buy my games and takes my chances. But, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've never felt so abused and beaten down by a game as this one. Fallout worked around your build, giving you different ways to play effectively. Underrail gives you a thousand options too, then just kicks your♥♥♥♥♥because you haven't solved the 'build puzzle'. So....from minute one, you're screwed. I've started 4 different games. The only one I've found effective (barely) to this point is a strength 11 tank, but I have no protection when I'm attacked by the goddam DOGS, yeah, DOGS, who should be annoyances. THESE dogs will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ then call in acid spitting buddies to help them, and then the mutant sledgehammer masters arrive, and yadda yadda yadda. All before level 7. Good luck. I've grown to just hate this game, after hours of deep lovin'."
,Recommended,250520,19785748,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ranchani,perfect score of 5/7
76561197981280751,Not Recommended,250520,20914057,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Kheron,"An otherwise really good game, that is unfortunatly dragged down by an incredibly tedious trading system where each merchant is only interested in a few very specifik goods, meaning you spent half the game time trying to find a merchant who will buy you stuff or who has the items you want to buy. The game would IMO have been improved tremondously by getting rid of this mechanic or ar least reducing the number of merchant by a factor of five and expanding trading options correspondingly."
76561198096602664,Recommended,250520,11743195,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Red,"Right, so the first person's last name that you meet is Tanner, same as mine 100/10"
,Not Recommended,250520,22050276,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Chet,"I have played turn-based tactical combat games for ages.  Oh, those glory days back in 1994 with Jagged Alliance.  Oh the wait for JA2.  Oh the disappointment of the subsequent JA licensed titles.But Underrail, I dunno.  I'm not going to play any more after being unable to compelte the first mission.  From some searches online as I encounter problem after problem with basic things, it seems if you don't happen to pick a perfect set of opening stats and perks you just get stuck.The rathounds?  _So_ hard.  I have never seen a game with an initial enemy so hard to kill.  It'd be fine if you could, you know, use cover, or otherwise exploit the landscape to outsmart them.  But nope!  They can run further than you, and then they always have enough AP to attack you three times.  They almost always hit you.  They get critical hits that are in the range of 20% of your health.  They swarm in packs up to _four_ and they get _multipliers_ for more than one attacking you at once.  And all you have is your trusty piece of garbage pistol that takes at least 2 of your turns to kill them.  So it just becomes a game of hoping you can make only one find you at once, because if two or three get you, you're dead, or so close to dead you're using your precious stimpacks to heal.  (No, you can't use the other type of healing available to you, bandages, because you're less than 40% health and they don't work in that case.)  You have to spend every once of AP on firing your peashooter at the weakest one, hope you kill one every 2 (but probably 3 or 4) turns, while sweating out the attacks from his three buddies all chomping on your with increased ""Pack Hunting"" damage.  You can't move because they swarmed you in one turn and you are now surrounded on all sides.Lucky me, I found a machine gun.  It does . . . no more damage than the pistol.  In burst mode, it does actually have a chance to kill them in one turn, but it probably doesn't.  But it doesn't matter because I could afford 11, yup, 11 bullets for it.  And I had all kinds of junk, but I couldn't trade for it.  (The barter/trading system is too hard to actually use because you are always ""trading"" instead of, you know, using the invention of CURRENCY.  Even credits are an item you must ""split"" in the inventory and trade for other things.  And some vendors don't seem to buy some stuff, or at least I think that's what the faint pink X through an item means on the barter screen.  So tedious.)So, is it fun?  Not one tiny bit.  C'mon."
76561198078292201,Recommended,250520,12981350,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dragon Gostoso [BR],the best game of strategy and rpg i love UNDERRAIL
,Recommended,250520,30771898,Posted: 27 March,all,Krell,I LOVE THIS GAME.
,Recommended,250520,33227088,Posted: 4 July,all,Lawrence,The best post-apocalyptic rpg i've ever played.
76561197980241343,Recommended,250520,20510419,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561197997039540,Recommended,250520,22806048,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,fishmilk,so far so good! really diggin the playstyle.
76561198002825233,Recommended,250520,22815007,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,fishpotatopie,It's like Fallout 1 gameplay and Metro 2033 storyline had a baby. And crossbows!
,Recommended,250520,20617837,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,MentalRobot,"If you are a fan of Fallout 1 & 2 or isometric turn based RPG's, You will most likely really enjoy this, If you are a fan of both, Then don't hesitate!"
76561197970643976,Recommended,250520,11773035,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Dyno,Definitely worth having a look if you like rpg in the style of the Fallout 1/2 games. Fairly challenging but enjoyable.
,Recommended,250520,25859686,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,D3AN0,I die less in super meat boy -Great game
76561198007278289,Recommended,250520,12079039,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mr_McFisticuffs,This game is everything you wished Fallout 1 was.
76561198070005348,Recommended,250520,12282206,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Geroge,This game is as hard as nails! #TOO GUD!
,Recommended,250520,22269121,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ian,I find myself day dreaming about this game; HIGHLY reccommend if you like games like Fallout 1 & 2
,Recommended,250520,24660233,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,P to the OpTiXs,"This game needs a map, but other than that it is a good homage to the the old fallout games.If you played fallout 1 or 2, and liked it you will like this."
76561198073143836,Recommended,250520,7319288,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,[M.W.A] Capone,"Amazing game, i suggest buying it like NOW!"
76561197970571810,Recommended,250520,7370363,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,ExHippy,"Suprisingly good Fallout clone (as in the original top down isometric version). I like the idea that you can't have/do everything, at least not at first. Like Fallout 2, you're forced to go down one of several routes of character development and the side quests for the other options are restricted from you as you just don't have the skills. Not one for completionists but if you like old school turn based you can do a lot worse than this."
,Recommended,250520,29530896,Posted: 27 January,all,Bub,"Es bueno, a mi no me gustó personalmente, pero creo que es un buen concepto bajo buenas fundaciones."
,Recommended,250520,30237404,Posted: 28 February,all,Tummy Grumblins,this game is cool and good
,Recommended,250520,31759641,Posted: 14 May,all,John Sticky Fingers,A good reminder of what Fallout 3 should have been.
76561197997298768,Recommended,250520,28990361,Posted: 3 January,all,BlackieChan,"So before you play this game make sure you look up the best way to build your character from online. This game has a terrible and limited fast travel system and no map. So you can wander around aimlessly for hours and accomplish little more than simply exploring the world. You will die many times throughout the game and you can not save during combat. However, the game is fun at times, but still a huge pain. Proceed with caution and or buy this game on sale. The designers of this game clearly played the original Fallouts before and designed this game with them in mind. However, THIS IS NOT FALLOUT. I will recommend it for specific people, if you enjoy being tormented and spending loads of time dying and reloading. For a casual gamer I would not recommend this game. If you have played many RPGs in the past this will be fun, and trying at times. Best of luck if you buy this game."
76561198126474149,Recommended,250520,11044152,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,sniperpro09,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,250520,31526222,Posted: 3 May,all,Xyque,"This game was already special when I started playing it over a 2 years ago, but it just keeps getting better with every update.  The devs had a vision, and they are making not just a damn good game, but a damn good game world that I hope will be represented in future offerings by them.  Or not, because they would probably do just as well fleshing out a completely different game-world.  The point is, these guys have managed to make art by combining game-play mechanics, game world, and game art."
76561197991942615,Not Recommended,250520,23074840,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Faray,"I was very disappointed in this.It feels like they took all the bad parts of old school games and added it to this, just so they could call it 'hardcore'-No mini-map or any mapping system-You have to travel back and forth all the time.-You can only fully heal with items, or back at the start. No resting options.-Limited vendor stock, limited amount you can sell too (My locker has about 50+ weapons that I can't ever sell since the vendors only buy 4 at a time, not that it would matter with how little cash they have)-Combat is tedious and the PSI system is terrible.-You can’t reset your skills, and if your build is bad, you will have to restart.-Writing isn't anyhting great-Story is meh (I haven't finished it yet but so far nothing special)Granted if the game had some of the above it would have been fine, but everything just makes a frustrating and boring experience."
76561197960839424,Not Recommended,250520,20268422,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,rising-ns,"The ONLY reason I have as many hours on this game as I do is because I restarted numerous times because I figured I was getting something wrong about character management or crafting or missing content somewhere.  I'm not.  The game is fundamentally flawed and isn't very fun to play.  Basically the game devolves into save-spamming and retrying things until you find the one exact right combination of actions that can get you to move forward.Clearly, the sole author of this game had a design 'philosophy' of ""I haven't created a situation that requires this particular skill to be maxed so I need to do that now.""  Basically you wind up restarting the game from scratch 5 or 6 times creating a character that meets that exact situation, only to discover that you didn't spend all of your points on another skill required to advance so you restart and try again and get bored of repeating the same starter content over and over over...Combat is absolutely rediculous.  Never mind the ""I am stuck moving 5 tiles at a time because I made the mistake of getting into combat once in this room with a creature that had no xp value and doesn't even appear to be present anymore"" aspect.  The unbalanced nature of combat (think 5 vs 1, they have machine guns you have a butter knife) is pervasive even in 'easy' mode.  Some scenarios are just flat-out unwinnable even if you currently restarting the game with a 'pure combat' character design.The crafting system is absurd.  You can make neat stuff--but never be able to use it because you spent all of your skill points being able to make neat stuff.  Hey, great I just made a machine gun that will miss 99% of the time.  What's the point of that?Any of the above would be no problem for almost all RPGs.  Can't do an area?  No problem, find another area and level up or go grind for XP.  Sorry, you can't do that in this.  Area progression seems really, really linear and you can go from ""OK I have the exact right set of skills to win combat here"" to ""I just got ambushed by things I couldn't even hit once""  just by crossing a single screen.  The only creatures that seem to respawn are useless 'critter' type things that yield minimal XP.  I'm sure it will be lots of fun waiting for 87 rats to spawn to make it from level 7 to 8.Even you were insane enough to want to grind out XP in this way it's ultimately self-defeating.  Every combat action either expends ammo or durability.  Since both of these items are limited resources (durability via repair kits) which you don't find on creatures then you will eventually exhaust one or the other and then not be able to do combat at all.The 'stealth' aspect is equally useless and ultimately self-defeating.  Stealth in this game allows you to [possibly] walk by some enemies (but not cameras or turrets) but provides absolutely no combat use.   Stealth ends when combat begins.  You can re-enter stealth in combat but I can't see a reason for this because apparenlty the entire level knows of your existence until the end of time once combat is entered.  If you use stealth to bypass enemies you gain no experience (in either 'classic' or 'oddity' XP mode since about 1/2 of oddities drop from dead enemies.)"
,Not Recommended,250520,21958749,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,iCup,"Theres challenging, then theres frustrating. Throwing you against sentry bots that can't be sneaked past, are unstunnable and constantly throw out stun grenades in just the third mission is frustrating.Never trust autosave, it isn't merely unhelpful, it activley conspires against you, load times between sectors are absolute♥♥♥♥♥for a game that looks like it's 20 years old.It's fun for about the first three hours, then it just suddenly stops being fun at all during the third mission because of those damn unavoidable sentry bots. They aren't even a boss fight, and this was on the EASIEST difficulty. If; despite this, you want to continue, do yourself a favor and put all your points into: constitution, crossbow, lockpick, and melee.you'll miss out on a lot of the game BUT at least you'll actually be able to progress with the story.People often think a game is good just because it's hard, Dark souls is hard, But this game is just frustrating and being frustrated isn't fun, being challenged is.and the worst part is that it takes juuuuust long enough to get to this point that you can't return it because of valve ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ return policy"
,Not Recommended,250520,20600145,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Shenanigans,"The game is tedious.-Excessive backtracking-Slow walking speed with no way to speed it up-Excessive loading screens-Slow combat animations-Trying to find decent crafting items is a chore, merchants are far apart and only restock after a too long amount of time.-There is no map, and sometimes if you miss something someone said theres no way to hear it again.-Money quickly becomes plentiful and useless-Almost every enemy in the game has 1-2 stuns, and if you can't stun or kill them first you usually die.-Most fights are won by who randomly rolls higher initiative or if someone stealthed sees you, which leads to excessive loading.-You can easily click through your and everyone elses traps while trying to disarm them.Not a game to play if you value your time. Most of my time played was me trying to walk to places. The game is extremely slow.-The story and writing is bad-Most of the characters are not interesting and usually an archtype of a character done better in something else-The music is awful.-So many fetch quests-There are so many quest that just end anti-climatically-Limited and reused tilesets-The A.I. isn't good (killed a room of 20 people because a dog was in the doorway)-Stealth is super simple and when high enough makes you basically invisibleEverything in this game has been done significantly better by other games. Theres nothing new or interesting or exciting here. The atmosphere and story is so terribly boring I just stopped caring about it and everyone involved."
76561198309713444,Not Recommended,250520,31958332,Posted: 25 May,all,Mr perch man,ok so i have played the game for 5 hours now and i do have to say that it is too hard. i have played it on normal and tried a few chars and just died a lot so i thought i would try it on easy mode and died a lot too. lvl 1 fighting 5 rathounds in the first area is just not fun. i realy wanted to like this game. why dont you make the next game a little easyer in the begining and build up the dificuilty like every other rpg ever made
,Recommended,250520,25242564,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,vmar,"The best crpg I've played in a long, long time."
,Recommended,250520,19882670,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,rsdworker,i loved it :3 its good game
76561197969802137,Recommended,250520,20074954,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,X41823T,THIS IS THE SPIRITUAL REVIVAL OF THE POST-APOCALYPTIC CRPG GENRE AS A WHOLE! HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! O0
,Recommended,250520,20591567,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
76561198057420758,Recommended,250520,30378079,Posted: 7 March,all,Warrior Of Love,I want console command..
,Recommended,250520,7757304,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,That Guy,"Great Game, It would be better with multiplayer, even LAN would be good, but great game, 5 stars!"
,Recommended,250520,19642443,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,JustForKicks96,yea
,Recommended,250520,271527,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Grim_2o0o,bretty gud Fallout-type RPGtoo bad I suck major♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at it
,Recommended,250520,30328766,Posted: 4 March,all,milton,<>
76561198108104508,Recommended,250520,32707315,Posted: 23 June,all,P}{O3NIX,Really amazing game. Gameplay depth and role-play are top notch. True fallout spiritual successor.
76561198107662042,Recommended,250520,13077177,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,cloning_souls,"i adore this game,best 6 pound i ever spent on steam, reminds me so much of the day i first played fallout 2the graphics are simple(almost amiga era) but they are crisp and pleasant to look atthe interface works great and is easy to learn with no irritating clunkiness that games like wasteland 2 suffer fromyou can tell that its a labour of love by the dev and im really looking forward to seeing how much more content is added"
,Recommended,250520,12593593,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Mr.G,I just loooooooove it. Waiting for game to be finished but played few hours and it's just gr8 game :) Anybody who liked F1/F2 will be in heaven :)
76561198032316592,Recommended,250520,12872494,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Wardos,"Love this game.I really hope they post some more updates soon, but to date they have been consistent and worth waiting for.I keep an eye on this games development constantly, waiting for that next sweet update to play some more."
76561198271884388,Recommended,250520,29265858,Posted: 14 January,all,jtwright1214,500/10 DIS GAEM IZ GR8
76561198060445542,Recommended,250520,32073085,Posted: 30 May,all,tenchi30,"fun game but seams that every item  to buy is to expenisev  at least thay should redus the price to buy  all of the crafting items and make it so the shops will buy any items not just (2guns<3scrap meatl,) stuf like that is realy anoyin ones you sell him 2 gun you cant sell him any more guns till hoo knows how long sthe but besieds that its fun"
,Recommended,250520,29379010,Posted: 20 January,all,Zen,274 hours on this game.
,Recommended,250520,20264476,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Giftshop,Want a massive open map?Want challenging and intense combat encounters?Want a game that respects your initiative and intelligence?Want to fail and then succeed?Want the best cRPG of 2015?Play Underrail.
76561198164759572,Recommended,250520,25311470,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Stuart Burns,"Slowed paced, casual and enjoyable"
76561197973497327,Recommended,250520,19783626,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Genghis Chron,This game is cool
76561198030835661,Not Recommended,250520,22001723,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Wolf,"Ok, wow, bad.  Clunky interface, badly explained, just.. no... dont bother. bought this for $10 and want my money back.For the record, I played all versions of fallout way back when, so I thought this would be at least equal to that.I note a lot of ppl say it gets a lot better etc, I am sure it must, but it failed to hold my attention.  Shame the idea sounds great and I loved the first two fallouts, so  I am not unused to the isometric turn based idea.I woudl suggest working on the player interface and explain why you cant fire a weapon, or suggest some set ups at the start to give ppl at least 10 minutes of fun which might hook them.  PC generation is poor with very little info to understand what you are doing.Dont normally review,. so thats how much of an impact this had on me."
,Recommended,250520,25594854,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,SinX145,I can psychically punch giant rats.... ♥♥♥♥ rats 10/10.
,Recommended,250520,33938683,Posted: 31 July,all,Russian Xyecoc,Thank you for the great creation!
76561197975485910,Not Recommended,250520,31265362,Posted: 20 April,all,Lailonn,I love RPGs and played all of them in golden era. This isnt nostalgic trip. Its painful disaster.No map - lets say OK (why my avatar cant draw one dunno) but its not so you feel like in old times. It is simply to make game longer. When you notice that 40% of time you just wander in same spots...Game isnt hard because its clever. Its difficulty lay in number of opponents and their dmg. 9lvl you have 130-160hp(depends on build) but you fight against NPCs who can make 70dmg in one hit. And usually there are min 3 of them at once (sometimes almost 10).I could write whole essey why this is bad designed game. Nope problem isnt in me. I finished almost all decent RPG in last 20 years.
76561198082687413,Not Recommended,250520,29576668,Posted: 29 January,all,wrhunter,"Still have very serious memory leak problem, especially when played some time, or have many ground effects. I hate mutants' acid."
,Recommended,250520,19764273,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Pet Rock,s'good.
,Recommended,250520,19782420,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Alfix,Rail. Rail never changes!
,Recommended,250520,19179397,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Lord Brunitius,"Play this game, you won't regret it.This game is like the son of fallout 2 and deus ex, with a little of system shock (psy powers).You can make the character you want, an assassin, a gunman, a psyonic, or something in the middle.The underrail is a vast underground world, the game is really huge.So, great lenght, great replay value, great rpg experience.Graphic is basic, but the game has is own style, united with a good ambient music it recreate a good vibe.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,250520,26536428,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Malidictuim,"Be careful when purchasing this game. It is designed to be a hardcore old-school RPG and is extremely unfriendly to new players in the genre. I'm not an expert on this genre so I can't comment on how well it holds up to the standards of people who enjoy these games, but I refunded it because it's extremely unhelpful early on and gives no instructions or assistance to new players. It's the kind of game you need a walkthrough to read from to succeed and if that's the case then you can save the cash and watch somebody play it on Twitch instead."
,Recommended,250520,19865829,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,vegan meth,:)
,Recommended,250520,19056484,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Broken Dreams,What Fallout 3 / NV / 4 should have been like.
76561198009550819,Not Recommended,250520,28653742,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Demonocolips,as someone who played through and loved the first two fallout games i have to say that this falls far short in many ways. the biggest way is the simple fact that enemies can hide behind walls. in fallout 1 and 2 if an enemy was observable by the player character the wall obscuring them disappeared so the player can observe them. this is freaking annoying because of the simple fact that walls obscure pretty much everything on all levels. so corpses chests switches and everything can be obscured by the ♥♥♥♥ing walls. the interface is fiddly and there are too many tacked on crap that just make the game not enjoyable. honestly i just have bad memories about this game and i havent played in like six months because it just wasnt fun. i would very much like a refund but i have gone over the alloyable time.
,Recommended,250520,19801489,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,LittleLuigi737,Good.
,Recommended,250520,31407248,Posted: 27 April,all,Lofi,"If Fallout 2 and Metro 2033 had a prodigious child, this would be it. Stop hesitating, buy it. You won't regret losing hundreds of hours!"
76561198047473288,Not Recommended,250520,20483147,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,La Mariposa,"This game leaves a very promising first impression and gives bad taste in mouth as you progress.At first everything looks good and promising. There are a lot of things to craft, areas to explore, and NPCs to talk to. As you progress along however, you will find that the games lacks variety. NPCs are like stick figures without any life and story. Only few of them actually does something as the game goes on (Jack Quicksilver for example), and most of them just stand where they are and do nothing.You will also find that maps are frustratingly small to explore without much in them. This game does not feature a world map or anything so you will get lost a lot and you will curse the way-too-frequent black loading screens that disrupt with your gaming experience. I have no idea why the developers thought this was a good decision to make. I mean, it's ridiculous that your character cannot see what's ahead in the next red line when it is a straight ♥♥♥♥ing open corridor.What about combat you say? Well the combat was supposed to be one of the strong points in this game since there are way TOO MANY of them. But unfortunately the combat is filled with RNG moments in which if you miss a 95% hit, the enemies will lynch you with perma stuns and perma flashbangs. I don't know about you, but I call this a bad game design.It really is unfortunate since combat system in this game is not bad at all. It has a solid rule and solid system. The thing that ruins this severely is the fact that you are on your own from beginning to the end. If you pay attention to the enemies you fight, you will find that they have similar stats and are equipped with powerful weapons. If a game decides to take the approach of making the enemies as strong as you, it should focus more on 1v1 moments and exploration. Instead, this game butchers you with parties of 5 or more enemies in one small god damn area. I mean if they added at least one companion or something else in the game that can helps you to overcome these unfair situations, it would have been so much better.Now on to the quests and storyline. First of all, this game does not motivate you in any ways. I had no ♥♥♥♥ing clue as to why I should follow Hadrian's orders to basically charge into uncharted territory in which the dangers are not certain. I mean my character already has a ♥♥♥♥ing room! He/she has a ♥♥♥♥ing citizenship! Don't I have any right to refuse the breach of human rights this 'supreme citizen' is committing to me? The main NPCs in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing psychopaths that send a valuable human resource into suicide missions. There is no help at all, and I have to ♥♥♥♥ing charge into the maps that contain ♥♥♥♥ing 8 mutants. Bad script? Tick.The story itself is also not the most inspiring one. There are no memorable characters, and the main story doesn't seem to suck you into the world itself. Think about classic Fallouts. These games started with your desperate community sending you off on a mission to find hope. These starts themselves already inspired you to prioritize and look for the objectives. Compared to them, this game is nothing but a series of following orders.Look, I really want to like this game. It has a great style and the underground post-apocalyse theme is an interesting setting. It could have been an awesome game, and I could see its potentials buried deep under the deepest part of it. Bad design choices and uninspiring characters + storyline unfortunately ruins it.I am in no way saying that this game is not fun. It is a fun game. It's fun to make things, shoot things, and find hidden items. The problem is that this gets very repetitive very quickly."
76561198058516967,Recommended,250520,12696257,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Da Tek Shaman,
,Recommended,250520,12401671,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ivorgrumble,"Fallout fans will like this, and as I'm a big Fallout fan I thought I'd try it out. After an hour or so of squinting to read the tiny text that comes up when interacting with an NPC I gave up."
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,250520,20060238,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mystic Exarch,"My main gripe with this game is the skill system. It looks really in-depth and robust on paper, but the way that the dev implemented the skill system is extremely flawed.Basically, there are some builds or character archetypes that are absolute garbage. In fact, I would say most builds suck and you'll have to restart very often. I myself restarted several times trying to tweak my builds. This is not the soul of an RPG. Playing RPG's is about choosing a character or characters and progressing through the game with them. There shouldn't be any builds that suck, they should all be able to beat the game in your character's own unique way.RPG's are not contstantly restarting and optimizing your character's stats to the max, which is what you have to do in this game if you want to succeed. I was theorycrafting, looking at guides, talking to people, thinking about builds that might work, etc. Then I realized I had actually spent more hours doing this than playing the actual game itself.So you might say this exactly what we saw with Pillars of Eternity. I'm sure that like Pillars, there is a legitimate way to design your character that they can beat the game and it could be a fun time. Problem is, there seems to be a very narrow margin of error. You could get lucky and pick the right build right away or unlucky and never figure it out after a dozen tries. Why take the risk when there are plenty of more thoughtfully designed games you could play?Also the better builds seem to be really combat focused, so this game can kind of quickly become a pure action game. For example, stealth sucks, social skill checks are really rare, crafting and science skills aren't very useful, etc. When you combine this with terse and boring writing, the end result is a rather bland experience.EDIT: Quick bonus note here: after talking with other people, apparently the game is really really hard no matter what you do, requiring, and I quote, ""insane amount of RNG and min/maxing"". That's right, this game has a huge luck basis. If you like wasting time then you should play this game but if you want to play a game based on skill this is clearly not it."
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,250520,19817559,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Woodsparrow,"The game is a dead throwback to the CRPGs of yesterday. It's very similar to Fallout 1 in tone, mechanics, and content.Unfortunately, it's hampered by systems which aren't explained or accessible, and reading the wiki is essentially mandatory.The enemies are poorly designed; they often get 3-5 attacks off per round have more move range than your character, have several hundred HP, and will come in groups of 3-10.  You get no followers, only your single player character. Healing items and grenades, powers, and perks, are all on cooldowns in the 3-10 turn range.If you enjoy spending 2-3 hours per zone endlessly using the fast reload key, this game is for you.It's not difficult. It's simply unbalanced.  I spent 15 hours trying to love this game, and feel like if the developer or some users can re-balance it so it's not so ridiculous, it will be great."
76561198081606493,Recommended,250520,21570179,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Grommbir,Muh dik
76561198073748319,Not Recommended,250520,20272655,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Coke Sniper,"Pros:1.Immersive world2.MusicCons:1.No map...2.No running mode/Fast travel (forgot to do something,or want to sell some stuff??,well you are forced to slowly ""crawl"" thru empty zones3.Merchants (every merchant has only couple of items hes willing to buy)4.Too difficult (basicly load saved game simulator)Old school doesnt have to mean frustrating right?, and for me the amout of frustration i had was ahead of fun unfortenatly"
,Recommended,250520,23892760,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kingmane,Wait. This isn't Undertale.
76561198080587020,Not Recommended,250520,20179934,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,pr0fess0rchaos,can't play the game. window management is a gigantic pain.
76561198032094340,Not Recommended,250520,32036341,Posted: 28 May,all,Brightsoul,Read Rock Paper Shotgun's article on why it's meh. Not worth buying.
,Not Recommended,250520,24958609,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,300 kills in gorilla warfare,the most intensive trial and error-save scumming based game ever created.
76561198024469649,Not Recommended,250520,33030187,Posted: 30 June,all,DumbCustomer,"The game is boring.Boring, tedious, slow, ugly if that matters to you. Uninspired combat, uninspired design.One of my real purchasiung regrets on Steam."
,Not Recommended,250520,12872096,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Vinifera7,"CURRENT REVIEW:I decided to give this game another shot after playing it in Early Access late 2014. I think the developer has made some crucial improvements. For instance, you can actually change key binds now. Now that I've played further into the game, I can relate my current experience to some of my initial impressions.Underrail is seriously difficult, but often not in a way that can be considered a challenge to overcome. Rather, the game compels you to conform to a certain way of playing it. At first glance, the ability and skill system seems as if it offers great diversity. However, most character builds will not work. High perception attribute and/or trap skill are pretty much mandatory for detecting mines, which otherwise will kill you without warning, forcing you to save scum. If you decide not to play a stealthy character, you must be very careful not to enter an enemy's aggro radius without initiating combat first or having very high agility and dexterity. Combat is typically won or lost by who can keep the enemy stunned, so it's extremely important to get the initiative in combat and make stunning the enemy the first move, because otherwise they will stun you and you will lose.This game is gruelingly slow-paced. I have already put in close to 70 hours and I feel like I've only gotten started. This wouldn't be a problem if you could encounter interesting characters or situations. They're few and far between, believe me. The rest of it is quite shallow. I am also somewhat disenchanted by the lack of choice in questing around. As far as sidequests go, you can pretty much only choose to engage them or not. If you choose not to, you of course get no experience. When playing the oddity experience mode, the only ways to get experience are by finding oddities and completing quests. This makes it feel like you aren't progressing if you choose not to do side quests either for RP reasons or just because you don't want to as a player. Speaking of which, the RP element in Underrail is quite flimsy, since most interactions with NPCs are static no matter what you choose to do. Back to the point, you end up doing quests not because you want to, but because you want that sweet xp, which is so hard to come by.One of the only things I do like about this game is the tension caused by having an expansive maze-like world to explore without a map. It's kind of exciting.Unfortunately, I still don't recommend this game. It gives literally zero forks about you having an enjoyable experience.EARLY ACCESS REVIEW (November 2014):While I do think this game has decent potential, it seems nowhere near a finished product. Because this game is early access, my ""not recommended"" evaluation is tentative. I will watch how this game develops and hopefully I will be able to revise my recommendation.The Good:- Post-apocalyptic subterranean environment- You get to loot stuff!- Quite challenging right from the start- Solid turn-based combat- The graphics are pretty nice to look atThe Bad:- Somewhat clunky controls for dialogue and combat- Difficult to click on some environmental objects and enemies- No key binding configuration- Screen panning with the mouse has issues on a dual monitor setup- UI elements are tiny pixel graphics- Tons of text to read, all in very small pixel fontThe Unfortunate:- From what I've experienced so far, NPCs seem lifeless and uninteresting. For ""important"" NPCs you get a decent amount of dialogue options, but the characters themselves have all the personality of a block of tofu."
,Not Recommended,250520,26513570,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Reds94,"The game dumps way too much information into your lap, turned me off right away. I would of refunded it but I accidently left it on while making dinner. Oppsie poopsie."
,Not Recommended,250520,20735160,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ShovelyJoe,"I read ""If you like Fallout 1/2 this is an instant buy"" but as it turns out, people are morons.This game has very little in common with the gems that are Fallout 1/2 - it is more like walking skill check simulator.If you are looking to buy this, don't - get Wasteland 2 instead, awesome game! :)"
,Not Recommended,250520,19880288,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,akkira,"Very frustrating game, even if you put all your points into combat  it is practically impossible to survive early game encounters without cheesing your way through them.Maybe it's playable on easy, but I am too frustrated to continue."
76561197988021402,Recommended,250520,12650805,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,kingfish_ak,"Stop saying ""Old School"" it is a rather shalow way to say, ""We decided graphicly to make the game on a tighter budget< but with more thought than say an 'Assasins Creed"" game."
76561198202226557,Not Recommended,250520,19830035,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,cthuloid99,"Loved everything about it except for the awkward controls, abusive difficulty spikes, and vital abilities that would refuse to activate without explanation. ""How are you liking the game so far? You're enjoying the characters, concept, and story? Great. Oh, you're level three and you character barely has its sh*t together? How about a fight against giant psychic beetles? Oh, and they gain bonuses in packs, so here's three of them. Good luck sneaking up on them with the constantly spawning passive critters that dart around the cave and bump in to you and knock you out of stealth. What? You survived after multiple tries and several minutes of squirming around in your chair in frustration? Well, we're not going to let you use bandages to heal. You'll have to use your only in-combat useable healing item even though you are not in combat mode. Enjoy thinking about the fun you could have had.""  Truly disappointed, I was very interested in this game but it needs a lot of balancing and bug fixing before it can shine through the computer-smashing slog that the combat currently is."
76561197985345570,Not Recommended,250520,15571215,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,arkangelgofgmono,"First Review: 40 HoursI love where this game is trying to go but sadly its just not there.Bug ridden. (game breaking in many cases)Unbalanced game play mechanics. (300%+ markup economy is just stupid)Hellish difficulty (often with little to no point other then punishing the player but also partly due to other problems listed above)Weak plot (which is really sad because this game had a lot of promise)Awful user interface (halfway through the game I was still trying to find the batteries to charge items)Simple not a fun experience which is by far the most damning thing I can say about this game.Save your money and beat your head against a wall if you still feel like buying this game.UPDATE: 224 hoursWell not much has changed. The game difficulty has taken a bit of a roller-coaster after you reach about level 14. The ""easier"" parts of the game are a lot of fun but the harder parts leave you swearing and cussing as you load the game over and over and over trying to figure out a strategy that ""works."" I really don't know what the developer was thinking when he made this game but my guess would be that he has some unresolved hate issues that he is venting through the game. As far as the things I listed earlier the game is still pretty bug ridden, very unbalanced, ridiculously hard, very thin on any kind of plot despite copious amounts of text dialog that I've meticulously slewthed through, oh yeah and no updates to the terrible user interface either.I did take the liberty of creating a nav point map for the other unfortunate souls who are trudging through this wreck of a game since the developer couldn't be bothered to do such and I've posted it under my art work page and listed it on the community hub.Current recommendation: DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP"
,Not Recommended,250520,11919899,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,kevthemagnificent,"I really want to like this game. In theory it has all of the elements required to make me love it: post-apocalyptic setting- check, turn-based combat- check, detailed character levelling- check.That said, having played several hours, I have spent all of that time waiting for the moment to come when it would really grab me by the throat and say 'Love me'. It's not happening. There is something lacking for me, which hopefully might change in the course of development, but I don't get the impression that it will. What's lacking is any real depth to the NPCs, the dialogue is just about the minimum required to move the game along, I feel like I am doing quests for a bunch of mannequins. Part of what made the likes of Baldur's Gate, Fallout, Planescape etc. so great was how vibrant the characters were, and how you developed relationships with them.If this changes as the game progresses I'll amend my review, but as it stands I find the game to be mechanically adept but soulless."
,Not Recommended,250520,25842739,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Alistar,- Zone transition failed- Failed to load save gameHaven't seen so buggy game for years. I wish I could get my money back.
76561198175495891,Not Recommended,250520,29950573,Posted: 15 February,all,Nightwing1811,"No this is not the real Fallout 3, this is a glitchy game where combat is screwed up, the designers are good with fixing the bugs so maybe in a few monthes i might like this game."
,Not Recommended,250520,28005201,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Potionem,"it's okay but not worth the time investment, everything takes like 50 year to complete, awful backtracking, clunky repetitive combat."
76561198076875045,Not Recommended,250520,13508763,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,COOPer,"I really have to recommend that you DON'T buy this game.I gave this game a fair trial. I've logged in around five hours as a stealthy psionic character. I've seen enough to understand the basic mechanics of this game. And I feel a little sorry for the developer, because I can tell that they have put in a lot of effort.The beginning stages of this game are terribly bad. From what I've gathered, once you get past the first part of the game, that's when it gets good. I don't have the patience to play any further. It's not like I haven't had any fun at all, but the first couple levels of the game are tedious, overly complex, involve much backtracking (the game desperately needs fast travel), and are fiendishly difficult (not in a challenging way, more like a ""you have a stick, I have an assault rifle"" way).The problem with this game is that most of the things wrong with it aren't bugs or unfinished areas: it's the core game itself. These things won't be fixed in an update. Here, I'll make a list:Things wrong with core game-Awful, awful dialogue (sounds like a ten-year old wrote it)-Generic story that doesn't get you interested at all-The level design-Super slow paceThe game is basically an inferior version of Fallout. Your time and/or money would be better spent on another Fallout playthrough."
76561197996545574,Not Recommended,250520,15977918,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Count Zero Interrupt,"The narrative was elusive and failed to really grab my attention.The character builds, while varied, felt stymied in their progression.The introduction and tutorial missions were far too linear and far too long.The NPC's seemed like cardboard cut-outs and most lacked any depth.Overall; cool concept, poor execution."
76561198003193269,Not Recommended,250520,19535144,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hellfire,"The interface is terrible, it requires a lot of needless jumping around which could be extremely easily mitigated by moving pop-ups under the cursor and giving the right mouse button a ""go back"" function. Just for starters. I'm not going to touch the subject of minuscule objects on minuscule objects not being noticeable even after highlighting them, with their names overlapping, or the lack of explanations about non-working skills.In RPGs the interface is the second most important aspect.Coincidentally, the first is the true deal breaker: the ♥♥♥♥ing fonts.The bigger font is unreadable, it's blurred, has irregular edges, feels shrunk and the dots inside make it a complete, total, absolute pain to read. I'd rather stare at my ugly mug in the mirror for a whole day than read that font again for five minutes more.The smaller one is so tiny I think the game's author is some kind of sadist: with my usual screen resolution, 1900x600, I could smash my face on the monitor and still wouldn't be able to read it. With a lower resolution it starts to become only a pain to the eyes but obviously the game has been thought not to work with that because the help window (F1) doesn't fit anymore.Animations are horrible, jerky, the whole game feels like running (because only the game runs, the main character won't and I couldn't find why) at 10 frames per second; the game relies heavily on icons, but they're all extremely small, badly drawn and hardly distinguishable.I'm definitely no graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, sometimes I still play ZAngband and I'll probably worship X-Com forever, but this game is literally a pain to look at, I played only 20 minutes but they felt like two hours. And I needed to rest my eyes after that.Maybe there's an unbelievable game under all these horrors, but looking for it would feel like rummaging through♥♥♥♥♥♥in the hope to find diamonds.Edit: Yes, yes, keep downvoting, while most of the forum agreeshttp://steamcommunity.com/app/250520/discussions/0/492379439685598764/"
76561197994104561,Not Recommended,250520,19792222,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Learner,Game won't run properly on a system that meets all requirements.  I am currently looking for support in the forums.
,Not Recommended,250520,19770216,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Alien,"I have to agree with 161Sherlock when he claim this game is more fallout than fallout 4. No arguing there.One problem, I had multiple crash while playing the game. I had to figure out what was making me crash.First, it was the option ""saving on transition"" that was making the game crash after caracter creation.Then it was the Rathound Leather armor that I found and equipped that made the game crash when I was hovering on/near it. Now I can't unequip it.This doesn't include all the random crash from changing map or reloading my save after I crashed....I will rebuy this as soon as the discount price get fixed, but as of now, the game is unplayable for me.Its a godamn shame it is..."
76561197988176317,Not Recommended,250520,15001809,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,beez-one,"First, too bad there is no ""may be"" recommendation in Steam reviews. Because game is ok.People going ""oh em gee it is just like Fallout 1 and 2"", you should stop, really. Because it is not. These comparison shouldn't even exist. Here is why:- protagonist motivation to do things is non existant, while in F 1&2 you have VITAL main quest from very start and everything else happens around it- side quests are very rare. I can only remember ""hopper meat"" and ""burrowers nest"" after 7 hours of play. All about killing things- no open world. ""But you can go anywhere!"". Yeah, but it still corridors and in most of them you'll just die horribly.- no fast travel or even ""run"" function- incredibly picky merchants. In post apoc surroundings, yeahIf you compare this game to anything, it should be games from Spiderweb Software or Eschalon books 1-3.Now to game itself.This is clearly ""min maxer"" heaven. People actually mention things like ""correct character build"". So why ""wrong"" options even exist?And also this is ""looter of trillon things"" paradise. Instead of having rare, precious items you swim in a see of junk. And having a microscopic pictogram for every piece of jumk is not helping. Isn't it clear as day - if you rarely found something useful you value it more! Do you remember that feel of finding 10 mm SMG in Fallout? Or good item drop in Diablo 1? Or acquiring a good gun in FTL?Looks like Underrail buries itself under needles complexity. Core game is not so deep, so why make things overcomplicated?I wish all luck to developer as it is hard to make almost everything alone. But right now I can recommend this game only to hardcore ""munchkin"" type of players.P.S. If you know Russian I can also add this - Fallout: Nevada 1.0"
76561197970481298,Not Recommended,250520,18206630,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Protonic Flux,"As much as I wanted to like this game, some of the design choices just rubbed me the wrong way.  There are some inconsistancys that just make no sense to me with the game as well.  Like how can I hit unerringly with a shard of ice with psionics, but if I try to throw a fireball it misses the mark nearly 100% of the time.  It makes no sense.  There is also a lack of heads up about how things work in the game.  If you use a lockpick to unlock something, that lockpick is used up.  Wish I would have gotten a heads up on that before I used it to unlock a door that I could have just as easily walked around to avoid...Also, there is a learning curve to the game that could be avoided if there were tutorials that just explained things.  Like the notes function that keeps track of your quests.  There is nothing that tells you it's there unless you poke around the interface and find it.The game seems pretty bug free to me.  And with the little time I put into to before deciding to move on to a different game, it seems like it would have a good story line.  But between the inconsistancys with Psionics, finding out that lockpicks were a one use thing, and dying because my fireballs missed 5 out of 5 times (I saw no way to train away the poor accuracy of the things, plus.  Why does a fireball ability have a 3 round cooldown, but all of the other abilites I learned have a instant cooldown?  Nothing is explained!) I just decided to call it a day and uninstalled it."
76561197973903142,Not Recommended,250520,13361412,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,brett000,"I know this is a thinking persons game but I just find it too difficult.  Nearly every encounter I feel overwhelmed.  And I'm playing in the easy mode.  Even though it appears open world you have to follow the progression of the story.  I've not encountered any side quest.  If you go exploring you will die.  Hell, I die just following the storyline.  As dated as this game looks it could be fun and enjoyable as you discover new things, but for me I just simply die at nearly every other encounter.  I can't recommend this game because for me trying to figure out the best method to kill the monsters at every turn stops the fun and turns on the fustration."
76561198043583409,Not Recommended,250520,19776707,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"this game tries way to much to restrict the player. things ranging from asasination being impossible (enemy will auto know it was your trap/ where you are) to cooldowns that just straight up dont belong. why does the healing button need a ten second cooldown out of combat? because screw the player we want to make you stand there awkwardly. fallout was fun because whatever you wanted to do, you could. this isnt fun because the game doesnt have the balls to let the player screw themselves royally and feels it needs to babysit us."
76561198035526080,Recommended,250520,31241634,Posted: 19 April,all,sebastiansauer,Good.
76561198044421867,Recommended,250520,31460502,Posted: 30 April,all,Kenji,Ain't nobody got time to write a full blown review for every game he likes!
,Not Recommended,250520,29698793,Posted: 4 February,all,@Shinji_tm41 👤,"The armory vendor at South Gate Station is selling all manner of things needed to survive out there like ""Cardboard Containers"" but refuses to let me sell him any guns because instead he's currently looking to purchase ""3 boot components"".The verdict: It's trash"
76561198072370060,Not Recommended,250520,15161192,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Elhazzared,"It's a pretty good game in general for people who like things like Fallout 2 and such, however there are a few problems that just makes me not being able to recomend this game.The first one is the developers not really listening to player imput. They have their idea of the game and they will not change things that are clearly bad design just because they are trying to be different... They at least do fix bugs and try to get everything in working order as soon as possible, but the development will not be influenced in any way, shape or form by the players even if certain mechanics are bad or things are not balanced properly.And that pretty much is the rest of the problems of the game.Balance between different combatstyles highly vary with some being absolute overkill and others not being good at all. Granted the game hasn't launched yet so there may be some more balancing down the line to make this better, however I wouldn't hope things will be balance at launch, in fact I don't expect them to be balanced in any other way than mods.The game like so many others in the genre has a carry weight limit and very early on it will seem like this is ok, until you start finding things like sledgehammers and metal armor which weight far too much and make even a very high strenght character barely be able to carry anything... I can understand realism but a game is supposed to be a game at the end of the day and carry weight only do one thing which is breaking game immersion by forcing you to constantly stop what you are doing to go unload. This is made worse with the game having respawns in some areas.Worst than that is the vendor system. Now many games in the genre have vendors with limited supply of money and this much is part of Underrail, but if the problem was that alone it would be fine, however Underail also features vendors who only buy certain amount of items and in limited quantities too. What this means is that you can never sell all your loot, you'll be forced to leave a lot of loot behind or wait for vendor reset which I belive happens every 45 minutes.So what does this means? Well you've cleared a place, you've spent a very long time going back and forth placing all your items in some container with easy reach, now you only have to sit next to the vendors for 3 hours to maybe be able to sell everything... So yeah the game pretty much forces you to leave stuff behind. Now even if you leave stuff behind you'll still have more money than you'll ever need, that is not the problem. The problem is that if you are not rewarded to go out of your way and explore, you might as well just do the main missions and rush for the end. There is no incentive to go out of your way and do side questing nor exploring.Remember the above problem? Well you still have too much money, that is yet another problem of the game. You can buy anything you need at any time which means the economy is not good at all. You'll only ever be without money very early on but quickly you'll go from no money to I can buy the entire store.Then we come to the crafting. It has been made slightly worse in some aspects, it was made better in anothers. There are some feats now to improve crafting but overall, crafting still isn't worth that much. Crafting doesn't keeps you ahead of the curve. For the most part of the game you will buy/find better weapons than what you can craft and when you finally start being able to craft better stuff, you are really close to the end of the game. No point in investing in something that will only pay off in the end, not to mention that you won't even need the bonus.And these are the major problems with the game. It really is a shame because when i first played it the only problem was the crafting. All other problems didn't exist (well there might still have been some balance issues but they weren't as bad). the game has a lot of depth to it, from character creation to character development and to how you engage in combat. The story is ok as far as I've seen. Definitly not Obsidian level by any means but still good enough.The game had all the opportunities to be the next Fallout. Granted with a bit of a Metro spin on it. Unfortunatly the problems I described above just make the game completly unplayble so I'll have to give it a negative review. Maybe after the game is released someone will mod the game and actually make the game good and worth it's price but as it is. It isn't worth your time even if it was free.Edit for the release: As of today the game was released. All of the above problems still exist in the game. While I'd love to recomend this game it just is a nightmare to play with ridiculously low carry weights and merchants not buying even a 1/4 of your loot. Exploration as such is unnecessary because who cares about loot when you can't carry it or even sell the almost nothing you can carry.My sugestion, wait until a modder makes this game actually worth playing."
76561198070227157,Not Recommended,250520,17982242,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Star,"Extremly nasty because of bugs. Usual bugs by map sector transitions or saving the game are considerable but still allow to play further. The worst are the bugs that prevent from playing further, like scripting bugs. For example, if at GMS compound you tell Gorsky that you couldn't find a way to open the door, he immediately leaves to the base and after this both Gorsky and Tanner have no option to complete the task. Without completing this task you cannot receive new tasks and thus the story line is broken and all advances further are prohibited. If you have no saves before this point (because you have roamed a little to find more loot), you have to start the whole game AGAIN FROM THE BEGINNING. omg! OMG!!!"
,Recommended,250520,31226887,Posted: 18 April,all,Boomer simpson,Incline
76561198149358194,Not Recommended,250520,19873047,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,jediapocalypse,"Poor attempt at a retro title. What is retro, basically an unoriginal idea because it is a copy of something that was great back in the day. That seems to be the norm with these indie wannabe Fallout type RPG's. I despise this game and asked for a refund after 18 minutes. Of course it only took 3 guys to produce this little nugget of fail. All they did was put a skin on it and give it a different name. Underrail, UNDERFAIL is more appropriate. Combat is who will run out of HP first, the interface is clunky and has a very slow response time after key inputs. The narrative and story appear to be writtten by a 10 year old with a poor imagination."
76561198013674073,Not Recommended,250520,19787634,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sedelf,"If you like the combat of Fallout 1 & 2, you'll enjoy this game.If you didn't like the combat of Fallout 1 & 2, you'll probably not enjoy this game.I did not enjoy the combat of Fallout 1 & 2.I hoped the story of UnderRail would keep me interested over the gameplay.It did.For 20 minutes.RIP."
76561198005577371,Not Recommended,250520,13383236,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Warlord-616x,been out for forever and ive never noticed any updates which i was told were supposed to come out all the time.And my old apple 2 gs seemed to have games equivelent to this...
,Not Recommended,250520,19523713,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Casual Peace,"No map no sense of direction, Game is way harder then it needs to be."
76561198055365359,Recommended,250520,30204287,Posted: 26 February,all,JO'Geran,"Brilliant game, lots of decisions, challenging gameplay, excellent and innovative leveling up system. It's honestly one of the best if not the best post-apocalyptic roleplaying game of the 21st century.It may come across as somewhat difficult at first, but don't let that deter you. Instead, use every part of your environment to your advantage; utilise explosives, use as many traps as possible, stun your enemies, hide behind doors, whatever. If you are strategic enough you can win any battle.Also, people will tell you that the Quest Log is vague, and that the lack of a world map is irritating. Trust me, so long as you aren't an idiot, and actually pay attention to what's going on, you'll find it relatively easy to get around."
,Recommended,250520,10061274,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,krogan83,"A little pearl that feels like a finished game being actually an alpha, is worth all the money (maybe much more) and does an excellent job using the best elements Fallout 1&2 offers. And this by only one developer."
76561198067683541,Recommended,250520,10006090,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,koneda_64,"Do you like RPGs? If you do, shut up and shell out for this. Simple sleek appearence and a great feel combined with a complex strtegy element.Atmospheric and ADDICTIVE."
76561197970670533,Recommended,250520,10167032,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,2na,UnderRail is an old school turn based game that already has my attention. Fun to play and explore. I think you should try it. I am hoping my friends will try it.
76561197971049967,Recommended,250520,14151350,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,vesi,"Brilliant.I felt this game gave me the freedom to do what I wanted, how I wanted. I chose to ignore the main quest line for quite a long time and just wondered around the tunnel systems. Simply surviving is hard at first and battles have to be approached carefully. To me, this makes the power I achieved later in the game more satisfying. My psi specialist could confidently take on groups of strong enemies and it felt good to win after I figured out which skill and feat combos to use and when. A simple ability like force wall that I might never use in other similar games turned out to be critical for turning hard situation around.I really like the different experience system option which makes exploration much more rewarding. The more common system of getting levels by killing enemies never appealed to me and I absolutely loved this.The world is not comprehensively explained to you, you need to do most of the discovering on your own. I think this idea is used throughout the game, you need to discover what works in combat, survival and exploration on your own. I like this. I'm sure some will not, and that is ok. This is not a game for everyone, but if you like turn based combat, deep character customisation and annihilating foes with mind-lightning, then you might like this as well."
76561198105864590,Recommended,250520,8595669,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Leto,"I'm a fan of the game Fallout 2. And this game has a very similar mechanics. It's like playing good old Fallout 2, but with a new story, plot, skills and animals. I'm loving this game."
76561198044545564,Recommended,250520,8271958,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zodiac,"This is a really, really great game! Old school graphics, yes, but really good gameplay and I can't wait until the full release!But (yes, there are a few buts!): It's also a really really hard game. It is simply to difficult to start with....it starts out really hard. It shouldn't. Characters of level 1, 2, 3 or even level 4 should be encouraged to strive for yet another level, not die all the time.I hope game-balance will be adjusted in the final release.Another but is the lack of money. It's way too hard and time-consuming to make a good buck. This means that you typically don't have any money to buy healing potions or better weapons. This should be easier.Finally I really miss fixed components, so you will be able to craft at least a few things when you reach level 4 (or 5). The crafting idea in Underrail is superb - it just needs the last 5%.Over all Underrail is a fabulous game in my opinion - a true diamond in the rough! It just need to balanced a bit better."
76561198079626117,Recommended,250520,8188924,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,killeratgames,It's okay.......I MEAN GREAT
,Recommended,250520,8198472,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ComfyQ,"A well thought out and fun isometric rpg. The game (imo) has a harder than average learning curve which forces you to plan every move carefully and make strategic character development choices. As many other reviewers have noted, any fans of the fallout series would enjoy this game as it does a similarly awesome job at conveying the struggles and atmosphere of dystopia. Looking forward to see what future versions will have in store for us."
76561197970931755,Recommended,250520,13902720,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,owl99,"This game is a good old fashioned turn based RPG with a post apocalyptic theme.  The combat is nicely balanced, you don't just blow through everything, you have to give every fight due consideration or you will be restarting often.  Fun environments and plots, good choice of skills for character development problem solving pathways.  Indie?  Top notch imo.  Keep it coming."
76561198001565702,Recommended,250520,7389930,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Mr.Sean,"UnderRail is one of the coolest isometric rpg's ive played since fallout 1. It may be in the early stages of its alpha, or beta, but I was consumed within minutes."
76561198007075700,Recommended,250520,11750471,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Like it :) Old shool
76561197973068499,Recommended,250520,11744627,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Withering,"This game is really great. I don't really know why they call it alpha, I've clocked in 20 hours and I feel ive barely scratched the surface."
76561198028267205,Recommended,250520,11617421,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,neuro_dancer,"Underrail is a fantastic Oldschool RPG. Even in its early Access Status, this Game is way better than most finished Games. If you liked Fallout 1 & 2, just give it a try."
76561198067054607,Recommended,250520,11615361,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Mauro Madness,If you loved old school games like fallout you will like this. It does have some quirkiness but overall very enjoyable.
,Recommended,250520,11526609,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,mamolian,"Excellent fallout style rpg. Real time out of combat, turn based in combat."
,Recommended,250520,11581057,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Waffle_Stomper,"This game reminds me so much of the first two Fallouts it's ridiculous. If you're a fan of the Fallout games, or just isometric rpgs with strong narrative and great gameplay mechanics, than you should give this game a try."
,Recommended,250520,2585388,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Birdie,good game but needs a decent tutorial and an auto save feature
,Recommended,250520,12060713,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,✫ Woxaris,"A good RPG game, would recommend."
76561197971800229,Recommended,250520,11899768,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Parsley the Cat,"This is an excellent game!  I enjoy the storyline, the gameplay is fun and the character creation/rpg system is nice.  For $10, this is quite a gem.  Clearly it is very heavily inspired by Fallout, which is great because the original Fallout games were great.  Look forward to seeing the finished product."
,Recommended,250520,7591335,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Bleether,"This game isn't complete yet, and it's still an awesome game. One of the few games worth my time."
,Recommended,250520,14217958,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,kosami,"considering it is an early acces...and the game is not finished...i did pretty much enjoy arround 100+hours and thers alot of sidequests i didnt event makeit has replay value, as you replay the game you can find out another view of the events wich is pretty coolfallout 1/2 style, in fact the best game i found since fallout 2."
76561198030744400,Recommended,250520,24267347,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,spag7241,"Underrail is a good game, for the right gamer. Just keep 3 things in mind...1) Don't use the ""Oditties"" exp system. It punishes you when you go off your own, as you only get as much exp as the amount of wierd things you collect, and each thing only counts a limited amount of times. For example, if you kill a TON of crawlers, (nasty sneakers who will posion you and hide until he vemon incapicates you) and you will, you only get exp for the first 3, thats it. So at all costs avoid that.2) Make a paper map (yes draw it out on paper) as you WILL get lost alot. That is particually bad as the caves are huge and look VERY much alike.3) Don't dump Strength, as there is a ton you will want to carry with you, and crawling d2 high encumbrance around really sucks."
76561197982853933,Recommended,250520,30819068,Posted: 29 March,all,JungleJollies[],"I enjoyed this game but never finished it.The world is big and the combat is unforgiving; it felt like the A.I. always wen't for the quickest, cheapest way to murder me (i.e. sending dogs at me, tripping me, netting me, setting me on fire, and then shooting me to death)... but I kinda respect that. There's a lot of depth to the mechanics, and a fairly large world to explore. I ended up spending an inordinate amount of time scavenging and hauling resources from point a -> b. I really enjoyed this aspect (scavenge and trade were done very well) but the ""travel"" was probably my least favorite part. There came a point where the game got repetitive for me and I just stopped playing... however, that was 40 hours in, so no real complaints."
76561198120630440,Recommended,250520,20916602,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,miraculous.liar,"Grim, open and interesting. Certain aspects first feel weird (what, no auto-map!?) but after a while, you get used to it, and start seeing them as good choices. Getting lost somewhere in Deep Caverns, ammo and medicines running low and hearing the mad screeches of psibugs and seeing glowing red eyes of rathounds closing in on your tail... Big plus on merchant and crafting systems! No longer Random Barkeep buy all your useless crap, but you really need to find that merchant interested in crap, making trading and bartering feel more live than in any game I in my 20+ years of gaming have encountered. And crafting... When system really proves that your hand-made stuff is better than most top shelf stuff, even an anti-crafter me starts hunting those power cores. Good game, very worthy of giving it a shot. Don't let the modest graphics fool you."
,Recommended,250520,25723007,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Nightmare,so many aspects of the game world left in the shadows... according to steam it took me 126 hrs to complete this game but i need more i need a sequel or dlc...
,Recommended,250520,24550226,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,thekdawg21,"This game is utterly fantastic.  It just oozes atmosphere from the music, to sound, to gameplay.  This takes Fallout-style one character combat and ratchets it up to eleven.  Entire turns are planned out before-hand.  If you are interested in a CRPG like they used to make back in the glory days of the 90s, pick this one up.  Pick a few up.  Support Styg and Co. Let them create games for us to play the rest of our lives, and we will all be happier for it."
76561197969689317,Recommended,250520,27545409,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JackFlack007,"Great game!  Tough at times, but fun!"
76561197999587795,Recommended,250520,27527907,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,iROK,"All this game needs is a MAP, or maybe a GPS to fast travel the different layers of awesome story. If you do get LOST the Others WILL get you..."
76561198049261906,Recommended,250520,27517958,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dragon.Slayer,Excellent game.
,Recommended,250520,12449331,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,A-Nukem,"One of the best CRPGs to come out in years; Underrail takes the best parts of atmospheric and classic games and blends them all into a very elegant formula of 2D isometric RPG goodness: it has the oppressive nature of System Shock and Metro, the robust systems of Jagged Alliance and the world design of Fallout.With a deep tactical focus, careful thinking and the use of skills, feats and equipment help move the missions forward. Its attention to detail and elegant rules system allows for a very deep customization and range of possible builds to success."
76561198109029978,Recommended,250520,8369969,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lazzarus,"Underrail is a very good old school RPG, it is very similar to Fallout 1 and 2 in many ways but it also has his own personality, very good atmosphere, nice music, a LOT of weapons, items, skills and feats to create unique characters.The story is very interesting and deep, a lot of characters are well made and detailed. Get it without doubt if you like turn based rpg and post atomic ambience."
76561198038176093,Recommended,250520,28643415,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,d0ct0rcreepy,A very cool old school style game. It reminds me of Fallout 1&2 but all underground.
,Recommended,250520,19695455,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Gonzo,"Good games I play once.  Great games I play twice.  My fav games, though, I just have one, epic, massive playthrough.Underrail is the latter for me.  It brings back some of that New Vegas, City of Heroes, or even Grand Theft Auto feel, to where, just hanging out and interfacing the the game's mechanics is fun.Tactical combat, meaningful character creation, crafting, housing....  Heck, there's even fishing, and the story, while faction-heavy, is serviceable.  If you have the time to commit to hanging out in an underground distopia, I recommend Underrail."
76561198354974348,Recommended,250520,31732934,Posted: 13 May,all,ssonlaikde,"What can I say?  This game is awesome.  The story really pulls you in, the mechanics work, its challenging, and most of all fun.  If you enjoy isometric games with an immersive storyline pick this one up."
,Recommended,250520,31763054,Posted: 14 May,all,KakerMix,"Real dang good old-style RPG. It's *satisfying* to play, to work through and to explore. The single downside to me (and also mentioned in other reviews) is that the ending sequence is a slog and totally against what the game was about up until that point. It was so bad I simply lost interest and stopped playing.However the game up until that point is excellent."
76561198073508946,Recommended,250520,30226744,Posted: 27 February,all,Darconious,"The closest to a Fallout 2 experience i have come in years! Maby a bit harder to like due to underground and darker enviroments. And a lot of backtracking, no maps. Can't sell all the junk as they have to be in demand. Otherwise, I will see this game to it's finish. Currently 13,7 hours into the game and loving it."
,Recommended,250520,31159193,Posted: 15 April,all,jpp,"Great game, this has been the only RPG that has somewhat fulfilled my craving since baldur's gate. Its really good, the script is good, the mechanics are good. Well done mates"
76561198068439183,Recommended,250520,31074617,Posted: 11 April,all,drewrico,"This is a game you can really get your teeth into.Was going to go for the old Fallout games but wanted a fresh world experience (having played Fallout 3 much). Will get to these I'm sure.Underrail is now rubbing shoulders with some of my all time favourite RPG's from days gone by: Buck Rodgers: Countdown to Doomsday, Dungeons & Dragons: Warriors of the Eternal Sun, the Baldur's Gate series, Planescape: Torment etc.I am enjoying exploring, the world is rich and already seems very large with lots to experience.The combat is enjoyable and can be difficult, but the use of tactics helps a lot, rather than standing still and shooting things all the time.I am looking forward to crafting when my skills are high enough. I wasn't going to bother but it seemed a shame to put aside such a mechanic that has had so much work put into it. And I wanted custom guns and armour.The only negative I am experiencing is no fault of the developer's. I worry regularly that I have faffed my character build up. This is due to looking on forums and reading that folk have ruined their build, or being told by others they have done so.Do a bit of research beforehand and plan your character out, for the starting levels and the future. There are also some good videos detailing good builds on Youtube.However, I got impatient and listened to the wrong guy on Youtube who said your base abilities aren't that important as you get more points later. No, I think they are important. I am now going to see if I can just go for it, as i'm at the Old Junkyard and have been told that's the test to see if your guy or gal is a created failure. Doing OK so far.Anyway, if you like a good old school RPG get this.I am very much looking forward to the expansion and hopefully Underrail 2. Or whatever the developer comes up with next."
,Recommended,250520,29692901,Posted: 4 February,all,Bruxy [ARRSE],"Over 60 hours into my first character now, and I'm only just starting to think I might be approaching the end of the main story. That's exactly what you want from an RPG so I can't recommend Underrail highly enough.It's deep and varied, with plenty of character and crafting options. There are a few annoyances (minimal fast travel, no map and a quick-to-hit level cap that can make progression feel like you've just pulled up short) but for the most part these are understandable and intentionally-frustrating design features that don't detract from the overall positives.Finally, it's unbelievably well-coded for a game of its scale. Aside from a few dialogue typos I haven't encountered a single genuine bug."
,Not Recommended,250520,19790167,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DwarfyWarfy,"I DIDNET FINISH THE GAME, JUST SAYING.this game in literly unbalancet when it come to enemys.some just kill you by looking at you. some can just stunn you in endles sycal intil you just die.but if you just lucky enuf that he dies beefor you do you win.when it comes to crafting realy game it's usles later on it's the heaven it self for selling and usin itemsit's fun but frustrating, enemys awlays gang apon you so you'r awlays at a disvantage.ther's only 4 gathegoris of enemys 1.homan, 2.robot, 3.animals, 4.moutant homan.you can use any type of weapons and ther's somewhat magic in the game. but you need to replanice the magic bar realy often and quick and the same gos for health.ther alre skills in the game and traits you can select some time when you level yp but you will always have allot of skillpoint to spent at itch level.I'M INECONT. you stole the potato frome the box. NO I DIDENT EAT YOUR POTATO. i never said it whas my box. OH NOOOOOOOOO. (kail for one day)"
76561198026887004,Recommended,250520,35454335,Posted: 3 October,all,DeadMeat91,"A superb classic style turn based rpg. I expected a Fallout clone, but the gameplay has incredibly more depth both regarding the story and the mechanics themselves. The graphics are tad too simplistic, but that is a very minor issue. Overall it is worth every cent."
