user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,250580,14528738,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Aphex Pesuto,"I should probably have seen the Early Access reviews before purchasing it, but this is where you get a bit more savvy about positive reviews than negative ones.And frankly, this game isn't too bad. It's just not... fun and doesn't feel too interesting. Think Doom and Binding Of Isaac, but with a worse Health system, weapons that feel powerless at times, and surprisingly bad frame drops at times.Paranautical Activity (Deluxe Atonement, for its re-release after the minor controversy), is a rogue-lite FPS game, that seems to take notes from Doom and Binding Of Isaac. Yet, it seems to do it in ways that work against the game. While it does use some of the things (fast paced shooting, randomized rooms and floors, varying stats on each character), it doesn't use it well.Weapons feel quite good to use, although some of them feel rather weak. The shotgun, from my point of view, felt like the biggest let-down of all the weapons, with the bow being powerful and one or two-hitting enemies, with no problem.Power-ups feel nice too but with next to no proper explination as to what they do, when you pick them up, leave you to guess what they do, for whatever situation you're about to plummet into, with said power-up.Enemies are... alright. Mostly tedious to deal with, since some range from simple ""fire a bolt, wait for a while, rinse and repeat"" to ""'bullet hell'-like spam"". Surprisingly, the most annoying enemy I faced was the floor sharks. Why? Tank-y characters can't dodge well, and with the floor sharks, I've ended up being juggled by them, shooting them with a shotgun that did abysmal damage, until I either died or completed the room that way.Levels are pretty much the same square box, with randomised preset props, and enemies are dumped in when you enter. Nothing to write home about, except for what could amount to some problem with moving under staircases. Ended up getting stuck there, which has broken the flow of gameplay, quite a lot. There also seems to be some odd dissonance with the enemies that spawn in some rooms? Sometimes you get enemies who spawn in there, who get stuck in parts of the level geometry and just kinda... sits there.The characters have different spawn weapons, health and speed, meaning that you have some variety in what you can do and can't do. And by variety, it boils down to how far you can get with the fast characters. I mentioned above that the tank-y characters are slow, and even the extra health they have, just makes them a sitting duck until they die. Along with some of them getting weapons which would be ideal for fast characters, since they promote ""attack-retreat"" tactics, they work against the character, requiring them risk taking hits, which they most likely will, to pump in shots that don't feel like they do much. Compared to the bow or the sicle, the shotgun feels like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pistol you throw out the window, as soon as you see anything remotely non-pistol like.The bosses are... okay. They look interesting, but their design and looks are pretty much meaningless, since most of them just fire shots are you, non-stop until they spawn enemies or do some third thing that makes them slightly different from each other. And, honestly, they could be interesting if most of them didn't feel like the same boss. They just move around the area and shot, not really doing anything else, than the animation their set. Which sucks, cause the bosses I fought, looked really interesting.The game itself, is it worth it, even after all that I complained about? For some people, if you've run out of rogue-lite games, akin to Ziggurat, it could be. If there's some more tweaks to the game, such as a revamped health system, characters and weapons being buffed, as well as some changes to make bosses less dependent on luck or power-ups, it can be a very fun game. Also the font is pretty damn ugly to look at, in the menu. And the menu looks really amateurish, which is kinda sad, considering a lot of indie games do a lot to make the menus look presentable.Was I satisfied with the product? No. I felt like I bought a game that could've benefitted from more time in Early Access, especially now that we have a new dev team who works on the game. Hopefully, some future patches can make them game more fun to play and less annoying to deal with.Do I recommend it? As you saw above, I don't. If you want to jump into the genre of rogue-like or rogue-lite or whatever the cool kids call it, look for a game like The Binding Of Isaac, Ziggurat, or look up some games within that genre on your own. If you really want it, prepare for a game that you may dislike or find too tedious to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,250580,10052899,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Bloodba7h,"The game had lots of promise, and planned features that won't ever see the day. The developers, in the steam store page, say ""We're planning to add multiplayer co-op in the very near future.."" and now they have scrapped that feature entirely without any sort of compensation to the people who bought the game for this exact reason.Do not buy this game. Do not support Code Avarice (the developers) in any project they choose to move on to. They've taken our money and they've abandoned their game.As for the actual review:Pros: Rogue-like FPS.Cons: Very shallow. Clunky movement. Everything feels the same after playing for 5-10 minutes. There is just so very little content that it is insulting to call it a Rogue-like."
76561198003552620,Not Recommended,250580,8271987,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[PoE] confrication,"""Yes with an if, no with a but""?  I wish there was a ""sort of"" review recommendation option.  If you watch one single video of the game for more than 10 seconds - congratulations you have seen every single thing it will ever do.  What's good about it is actually quite good - the old-school movement and shooting - but it's so incredibly thin on content and doesn't quite nail the execution well enough to recommend it.  I feel like someone needs to sit these people down and explain three things to them very clearly -1.  Your game is really not interesting or varied enough to have the rogue-like No Saving Permadeath concept attached to it yet.2.  If you are going to go shallow as a puddle, execute the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it - movement and shooting should be like butter, not kind just 70-80% there and rough as♥♥♥♥♥♥at times.   If you are going to go for random procedural stuff bigtime, you need an awful lot of it, not just the same rooms and enemies over and over again.3.  Please go and play Robotron some more until you understand points 1 and 2."
,Not Recommended,250580,16356217,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,goose:),Huge huge HUGE warning for anyone who may try to play this game when they have epilepsy.  They don't have a warning on this game or anything.
,Recommended,250580,18291500,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Vi The Ghost,"The Binding of Isaac + Quake.Great work, Mike and Travis. Keep it up."
,Not Recommended,250580,7832101,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,gr8stalin's mustache!,"yay reviews i can finally stand on a soapbox and preach my opinions to nobodyI want to like this game, I really do. I remember playing the earlier (alpha) versions and thinking, ""man this could actually be something with more active weapons and varied level design"". I personally cannot stand the music at all (it's incredibly obnoxious) and plenty of people criticize it for using voxels because MINECRAFT, but I looked past those faults because I really liked the gameplay. However, the devs get so close yet end up so very far away from realizing the potential of this game with every update - add more enemies but don't add more attack patterns for already existing enemies, switch from random weapon spawn to classes but remove difficulty via adaptation in the process, add more bosses but don't fix the fact that bosses either spin around in a circle or incessantly +forward into you, finally add being able to hold a second weapon but make it a fixed ""superweapon"" that you can't switch out from, etc.The game screams ""I WANT TO BE A GOOD DOOM AND ROGUELIKE HYBRID BUT MOM AND DAD WON'T LET ME BECAUSE WE WANT PEOPLE TO BE ABLE TO USE A CONTROLLER (which completely defeats the purpose of the free movement currently exhibited in the game)"""
,Recommended,250580,7885750,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Supabait,"I've never really been one to play shooters. But then again, I was born into the N64/PS era, and didnt get into gaming until the GC/PS2/Xbox era, by which time Doom, Quake, and UT had run its course. So i've never really been able to experiance the ""twitch shooter"", only the tryhard big-budget military horsecrap.Until now.This game has what most modern shooters don't: a sense of speed, INCREDIBLY tight controls, and... dare I say it... fun? This is the most fun I've had in a while, probably since i was a starry-eyed kid playing Sonic Adventure 2 Battle. Enough exposition, let's get into it.This game doesnt seem to have a story, except what you can glean from the enviroment, the enimies, and the title of the game. Here's what I've discovered (speculated) so far... (i've only made it to level 5 at this point) you are onboard a nazi submarine filled with demons and demonic sea life. Why? Who knows... and who cares? Just stop thinking and shoot what moves.Speaking of shooting, the gameplay. Its just sublime. Sublime, and insanely difficult. This game follows up on its promise to harken to rogue-like games (is that how you say it?), with randomly generated floors (specific rooms are premade, but increase in variety as you progress), a Spelunky-esque shop, and a powerup system that brings to mind The Binding of Isaac. The game features permadeath, dying will restart you at floor one. Do not pass go. Paranautical Activity has several different classes, each with its own primary gun, maximum health pool, firing rate (an attribute determined more by the gun than the character), and movement speed. From the shotgun toting Tank, to the Insanely quick but flimsy David Bowie (armed only with a crossbow), there is a playstyle for all kinds of people here. Regardless of your class, all of the primary weapons in the game have infinite ammo, which i personally enjoy, as this game is stressful enough without having to manage it.When you're not shooting in PA, you're going to be running and jumping for your life. All enemy attacks are either projectile attacks with travel time or rushing you down in melee. Mostly the projectiles. You are tasked with avoiding damage at all costs, which can become rather hectic in later stages of this game. Your character, regardless of class can jump a good hight, and changes directions midair on a dime.The Graphics are kind of minimal, but I really dig the lighting system. All ingame models are voxel-based, with the enviroment textures looking similar to old-school Doom games. The Soundtrack is surprisingly good, and fits the game well, albeit being a bit repetitive.All this, and the game is still in beta, and it can only go upwards from here. The devs are talking about adding in co-op (PRAISE THE LAWD) as well as finetuning the gameplay experiance.This game does have a few bugs. Which is to be expected, as it is a beta, but bugs and minimalist graphics cannot hold back this pure, unadultered, virgin, twitch shooter experiance. Even in its current incomplete state, this game is an easy 8/10, and with solid netcode (fingers crossed), greater room variety early, and maybe a few more playable classes (one that starts with the M4!?!?) this could be propelled to a 9.5 to a 10, easily.THAT BEING SAID. This game is not for everyone. It is difficult. Its inherent mouse acceleration can be very tough to get used to. If you dont like shooters but like Rogue-Likes you wont like this game. If you like shooters but hate Rogue-Likes, you probably wont like this game. In my honest opinion, this game is pointed at a very specific pocket of gamers, which quite honestly I see as a good thing. Too many game devs these days (mostly AAA ones) are spending way too much time trying to appease everyone (which is impossible) which simply results in a watered-down product, a shadow of what it could have been. YOU WILL NOT SEE THIS HERE. If you dig a challenge, love old-school movement-based shooters, AND like the randomless of Rogue-Likes... welcome home."
,Recommended,250580,7770264,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mat -aka- Jelly Mage,"Take Doom, add some roguelike elements, some bosses, items, neon lights, crazy music, and you got Paranautical Activity.For 10 dollars, it's worth the few hours you will put into it. If you like old shooters where you move fast, and roguelikes, this is for you.Enemies are all unique, tough the limited content makes it a bit repetitive after 30-ish long playtroughs, given you get fairly far.Still worth it."
76561198000542106,Not Recommended,250580,11141383,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,CrazyMasterT,"Fast paced game, but bought it for the future multiplayer which they promised. They trashed that concept so will be careful about buying early access/greenlight games again."
,Not Recommended,250580,10068915,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Skipernicus,"I wanted to love this game, but there's no ""there"" there.Not fun, pointless, no controller support, no multiplayer, and games are generally over in seconds. It's a completely empty experience.All it has going for it is a retro vibe - but even retro games are more thought out than this train wreck."
,Not Recommended,250580,22748678,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mitchfynde,"I think the idea of this game is awesome. A nautical themed FPS roguelike. The graphics are nice pixel style. The music is good, if not a bit obnoxious. It's just that the execution is terrible. Every room feels the same. None of the enemies or bosses are fun. The variety of weapons is bad. You just strafe and hope around and hope you win.Go check out Ziggurat or Tower of Guns instead. Hell, even Heavy Bullets is miles ahead of this. Don't buy this unless it's on sale. Even then, don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,250580,15037706,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,filthy mike,"Disclaimer: I love roguelikes of all types, and even I couldn't even enjoy this game.I thought maybe I'd give this game a shot, considering the hype surrounding it because of that dude.  Was hoping it'd be some kind of gem, something truly magical where I could understand why he was so upset.  I always try to refrain from crapping on other games because I KNOW how much work and love and time goes into them... but this game is bad.  The UI, the artwork, the generic electronic soundtrack, nothing meshes well, or feels like it belongs in the same universe.Gameplay wise, the movement speed is wonky and floaty, not in a good quake 3 sorta way.  There's almost zero weight or feel to anything, no way to tell how big explosion radius are, melee weapons are nearly useless, weapons dont feel good to use; I'm looking for redeeming qualities and I can't seem to find any; This game is an idea, it should still be in early access because it lacks zero finesse, polish, character or even just reason to play it.There's an entire steam store full of roguelikes and roguetypes that are worth your money, Tower of Guns  does a better job of what this game is trying to do, go play that instead. Do not buy this game, it's passable at best, do not give in to the hype."
,Not Recommended,250580,10055602,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Zoralink,"The developers are terrible, lied about co-op for nearly a year with it apparently not coming out now because it's too hard for them (Which they apparently realized 3 months ago, but only just now revealed it was not coming), the game itself currently has and has had game-breaking bugs, but since the developer has only released a single patch since release (The patch was 9 months ago.) you can enjoy them in all their glory.10/10, would not touch with a ten foot pole."
76561198044699145,Not Recommended,250580,32094849,Posted: 31 May,all,SneeMcLee,"it was fine, had a possible future but is dead now and a waste of money. and promise of co-op was a funny joke"
76561198035951256,Not Recommended,250580,27920848,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,forceanature,Lied about having a mulitplayer update in the works and won't give me my refund.
,Not Recommended,250580,10053315,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,racist mario,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEsee:http://steamcommunity.com/app/250580/discussions/0/540741131152645803/
,Not Recommended,250580,23384818,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,mctubbins (Tubbiest Player 2017),"SKIP TO THE BOTTOM FOR TL;DR/PROS AND CONSBefore we begin, I'd just lke to say that I'm fully aware of the drama surrounding this game, and I don't care. Drama doesn't affect the game at all. Now, you might say the fact that the developers lied about multiplayer is something worth noting, but I would say it's not. Don't buy games based on the imaginary multiplayer mode that's not even in the game, this is grade school logic. Alright, without further ado, lets jump into this one.GAMEPLAY:So if you buy a rougelike, you're buying it for the gameplay, and Paranautical Activity has a decent ammount of it. Sure, a lot of the rooms and enemies feel very samey, but it's got this addictive trait to it. You basically go room to room shooting various enemy's, whilst collecting items and weapons to bolster your arsenal and defeating bosses. However, this game has absolutely God awful balancing, as if it was barely playtested. At the end of the day, I had a ton of fun with this game, but all that fun will be gone in an instant because of some absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.To start, there are certain classes that you cannot pick certain items up with. If you play as the Tank class, you CANNOT pick up ANY items that slow you down at all,  or you will be boned.  The enemies that just relentlessley follow you will be faster than you, and then you'll die, and there's no possible way to avoid this in certain rooms. In fact, for any class, any item that slows you down is a death trap. And some are comically underbalanced, ""Nine Armor and you get a speed reduction"" is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. So since you  can't pick up any items that make you go slower, you might think this means you should only pick up items that make you go faster, but you can't. I had one playthrough where I was going so fast, I litterally broke the game. Like legit, I was so fast time in game would stop, but this just means the froze. The game refused to get better FPS and stop freezing, until I died, which is some ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I don't understand how the devs would let this slip through, one of the first things you should do is to  test what happens when you get all the items in the game.Another thing that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, is what I think is the final boss, Dhalia. This might spoil some things for you if you're one of those people who want's to be blind to everything, but I don't care. She litterally spawns in two or three of other bosses every thirty seconds, effectively flooding the room with bosses. And after you kill her spawned in bosses, there are no drops  from them, meaning you can't undo any damage they did to you. And as if this wasn't bad enough, Dhalia has many more hit points than any boss before her ever has. I would beat the other bosses in about 30 seconds flat, but I barely chipped Dhalia's health in that time. You're probably thinking ""Oh, look at this kid whine about how the game is too hard! Boo ♥♥♥♥in hoo!"" but I'm not whining about how it's hard, I'm whining about how it's unfair. It's like the devs knew that the player would be OP as hell by this point, so they just said ""♥♥♥♥ it, lets do all the bosses."" so the difficulty goes from a 5 to an 11. It's rediculous.STORY:I really have no clue on this one. You're on a boat, and there are demons and nazis for some reason??? I haven't beat the game yet, but nothing really follows the nautical theme. It's like the game wanted to be DOOM the rougelike, so it started doing that, then occasionally it remembers, ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm supposed to be nautical! Like sailors and such!"" And then it'll throw in a sea themed boss.GRAPHICS:Meh. There's nothing to make them stand out, and it doesn't really feel artsy or like the game needed to be blocky. I mean I kind've like the style, but there are parts when the walls and floor will have high def looking textures that completely stand out from the blocky theme and it just kills it. I mean the models are all pretty good with the blocky style, but there's just not enough color to make everything pop, and even though it's cubes and such, it feels flat.SOUND:I don't know how to judge dubstep because I don't listen to it, but the sound isn't nautically themed that's for damn sure. I try to push it to the back of my mind, but there's maybe 5 soundtracks at max, so they just wind up being grating and annoying as hell.PROS:-Fun gameplay-Kind've like Doom-Decent boss variety-More or less uniqueCONS-Very unbalanced-Feels like no playtesting was done-Grating music-Almost no sense of game juice-Doom wannabe[D-]  -  If you really want this game, buy it on sale. About 5.00$ is a fair price, it's a good time waster, not much else."
,Not Recommended,250580,29551469,Posted: 28 January,all,Soggy Toaster,"The game is poorly designed, enemies just get suck in random places, the overall GUI and level design is meh at best.  It just lacks a ton of polish and comes off as generally rough around every edge.  IF you can get it on sale, it may be worth it.  Any other circumstance, no."
,Not Recommended,250580,9688880,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,So/\/ 0f A M0ther DucK,"One of the first early access games i bought, and I was hyped! I love rogue-likes and I love old school fps games. To start off im not particularly a fan of the graphics but thats not why this game dissapointed me. While the movement feels great, bunny hopping around and dodging bullets are smooth and fun, The shooting isnt as great. The weapons just feel ok (like most pixel fps games) . The devs are also pretty slow in updating the game. I would wait for the full release"
,Not Recommended,250580,22343103,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,bigbeeftomatoes,"I was expecting an Eldritch/Ziggurat style of game, but this is far less polished and enjoyable. Way too clunky restarting after each death (which happens fairly often, as you'd expect with this type of game)."
,Not Recommended,250580,8194171,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,frrt,"Great game, if it were being updated regularly. Slow updates plague many genres like this, and while I may have bought this game I do not reccomend this game for anyone who is fans of ""roguelike-likes"", as you may be highly dissapointed right now with the level of content (many alpha/beta roguelikes suffer from this) before finishing the game. There is little playability besides different weapons, which can (and should be) purchased from the shop on a playthough, and the enemies have little to no variation besides melee enemies, enemies with straight shot, and enemies with a slight homing shot.Needless to say, the devs need to change the, ""We're planning to add multiplayer co-op in the very near future, as well as a ton more content, and of course some bug fixes and polish.” to ""We're on Valve time only we're not Valve.""More seriously, promising content that trickles out very slowly (last update was in October, after I purchased the game) when being in the early access is little more than getting a functional beta with less than beta content. The game has nothing that sets it apart from many other alpha/beta Roguelike-likes either, leaving it barren, not to mention the graphics are currently (hopefully) developer art, and will be just a bit more developed, but I'm not holding my breath."
,Not Recommended,250580,11409124,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","The description on the store page mentions ""Doom and Quake"", ""Binding of Isaac and Spelunky"".I suggest you get those instead of falling for big names getting thrown around.I own all those games (and know doom and boa intimately) and I can tell you they're not here.The game itself plays like a randomized room shooter with voxel graphic. There is little variation and a few minutes tell you all you need to know.You can find the same concept with good execution in ""tower of guns""."
,Not Recommended,250580,11384552,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,RoX,"This game has never really seen love. Just as the developers have never really shown love and in the middle of this conflict between the players and the developers is a game that had unlimited potential. It's a sad sight to see it die over something as lame as the dev's folding on the co-op support. For me personally, no biggie, yeah it sucks but that just means devs need to step up and deliver something spectacular to their backers for their own short commings on their promises.I understand the trials and tribulations that a developer goes through to see their vision come to life, another reason why it is sad to see it die but this is still no reason the devs need to go on the offensive or even the defensive as the backlash should have been expected from the community. A more inteligent tact would have been to go back to the drawing board, like maybe consider scrapping their developed engine because of it's short commings and using an outside engine, as there are a lot of free ones to choose from. The point is that, there were alternatives to how this could've been handled, but instead of putting their energy into fixing it, their efforts went into some kind of 'fight the community' damage control and broke it so bad that it is now unfixable. Thus, the world is less one good game.In all, the game wasn't half bad. It's a great idea but it needs a lot of polishing, the random generating algorithms need fixing and even though, technically that this game is still in early access (of which my review is based on) at this point, needing the polishing and fixes is not a good thing, as I have felt the heart leave this game a long time ago.I hate saying these words but ""I cannot recommend""."
,Not Recommended,250580,25957220,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,quasiotter,"If this was the only dungeon-crawling procedurally-genrated permadeath FPS I've ever played, I'd probably recommend it. It has a strong style going for it—I admire that—but it just feels a bit mediocre, especially when compared to other games of this genre.The gameplay is really basic: murder bad things with weapons, run & jump & dodge, enhance your character with power-ups, and progress forward. This is all just fine, but there's not much that makes it stand out here, just like this paragraph!I understand the logistics in building the enviroments as cubes of equal size, but the designs within are so unimaginitive: too much symmetry and open space. There are a few areas that utilized space in all three axes quite well, but they are rather sparse.The voxel graphics and lighting are my favourite aspects of this game. The enemies are neato, and I especially love the minotaurs... woof, so sexy!I do like this game, but I don't recommend it because there's more fulfilling ways to spend time and money."
,Not Recommended,250580,21597300,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ZZ,"I cannot reccomend this game. I love first person shooters like Quake and Doom, and rougue likes such as Isaac a ton, so when I saw that this game was a mix of those with a cool art style, I eagerly purchased it. I regret not refunding it.This gameisn'tfun, and, my god, is it slow. Games like Doom or The Binding of Isaac are fast paced, with constant action mixed into the strategy of play they demand, but this game, isnot that.Every room is a chore to get through, as it takes a few seconds to get into the action, which boasts a combat system with awide varietylimited choice of weaponry that gives little diversity in game play. The combat itself is clunky and isn't satisfying to attack. Killing enemies is satisfying, but only in the sense that you'll be thinking ""thank god I finished this room, I can only hope that the next isn't the same thing"", and are slightly relieved to be done. Speaking of next rooms, they might as well all be the same. I feel as if I am not exploring or getting through an adventure, as I am doing nothing but repeating the same mundane gameplay of the last challenge. This game can be summed up in one word:boring.Do not buy this game. Do not support it's jerk of a developer who wants to kill the guy who put his game up for sale. Do not encourage games like this to be made again. Do not waste your time or money. Buy The Binding of Isaac. Buy Doom. Buy Ziggurat. Buy Tower of Guns. Buy Devil Daggers. Buy almost any other game and you will have a better experience. ♥♥♥♥ this game.TL;DRDon't buy Paranautical Activity."
,Not Recommended,250580,9539766,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Coffeechipmunk,"I wish I could rate this game up. It seems like it has potential, but this game just throws you into the game and says ""♥♥♥♥ you, good luck!"" Wanna know what would be great? A controls screen! This game has a rediculous learning curve, and this is coming from someone who enjoys play Risk of Rain. This game gives you 2 choices: Either be tank, move slow, and do little damage, or die after 3 hits but be super fast. This game seems like it (I HOPE it) will be better later on, but at this point I cannot hesitate any more to suggest you to NOT get this game."
,Not Recommended,250580,11460268,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,"Ill start with the good things, it looks good, the music is great and the feel of Binding of Isaac, Quake and a bit of Serious Sam makes for an interesting idea, but then the Laughably bad sound effects, the little variety in enemies, and the Scunder Junts that make up the Dev team made me delete the local content and cry about my lost money."
,Not Recommended,250580,24328059,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cool Guy (ORIGINAL FLAVOR),"Another early access game gone astray, this game had so much potential till 1) the devs are the worst 2) sold out quick 3) released an unfinished game.The grindy industrial music adds a lot to this epileptic bullet hell fps but everything else in this game is extremely lacking. Stylistically, this game is total garbage. There is no consistency to any of the art you find in the game and the ""nautical""  of this game is forced in to what seems like a random set of enemies. You're on a nazi ship and you'll find anything from moths to snails if you get the just. They only have two different room backgrounds they apply to rooms with different torch placements. Yes you heard that right two room backgrounds on a FINISHED GAME IN A GAME WHERE YOU ONLY GO INTO ROOMS. And the graphics oh my lord the graphics. These graphics looked like they were made by a 15 year old learning how to use voxel. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are they just flat out terrible.There is no such thing as balance in this game classes or items. That wouldn't be such an issue if there was such a thing as building your character but its all 100% chance based folks. That boss that gives you double jump which is essential? Well you are just about as likely to find a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ boss who gives you a garbage item. Wanna beat the game as the Tank? Well you might as well play bouncer because you don't need a speed up item or skill. OH BOY I got another dark floor item even though I didn't and will not get a single DARK ROOM.Progressing in this game is like using a cheese grater as a fleshlight. You have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue if your build will win because you might just die to a totally random room because it was so ♥♥♥♥ing impossible.  Its almost like you're not even building to win, you are just building to hopefully surive to floor 7 MAYBE. The first playthrough where you think you're going to win is tarnished when you walk into a room and take 10 damage. This isn't even due to lack of skill, the devs flat out made layouts where if you don't see every enemy in the room and the room itself and react before 1 second 95% of the locations you try to run to will lead to 2-3 damage. Do you feel like you are making it anywhere with your build? No. Never. You seriously will get ♥♥♥♥ing destroyed sometimes and all your left with is why am I still playing this game.This is game has its fair share of bugs, there are so many I don't even know where to begin.I swear the more rooms you enter the game gets laggier by the end so you might as well just not try to stock up. I've had so many fictitiously good builds and then I get to the last boss and it drops to one frame rate. The only poor soul I got invested into this game has a super computer and after it released as a full game it could barely run at 10 fps for him. Enemies will like the caustic dogs and the flipping monkey men will get caught on room obstacles constantly. Enemies in general will sometimes get stuck in walls and you are literally just trapped in a room and have to restart.Don't even get me started on their cheesy excuse for an update. They somehow made the game worse and managed to overlook anything any player of this game might want. All I can imagine is the devs for this game sitting at a table thinking ""Lets make a floor type that ♥♥♥♥ing blows, a poor attempt at a hardcore mode, and a couple of new rooms that ARE TOTALLY UNBALANCED."". Well thanks devs thats about as good as an idea as sending death threats at Gabe Newell and losing all the poor souls paying too much for your game. The devs even made fun of the players of their OWN GAME on twitter. WHO EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING DOES THAT.If you are looking to buy an fps roguelite don't buy this one. Please do not buy this. The devs are trash, the game will only ruin your hopes for what it could have been,  and it will give you a sezuire. Speaking from a player whos been playing since early access, it is not and it will never be worth your time sadly."
,Not Recommended,250580,10052519,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Milli Vanillage,http://steamcommunity.com/app/250580/discussions/0/540741131152645803/
,Not Recommended,250580,30345169,Posted: 5 March,all,Dankinator,"as an early access owner, and played the game recently, this game is a sad waste of potential. the game could have been this super cool fast fps rouge lite, but it didn't become that. it became an unreasonably hard and flawed game. to see why paranautical is bad, let's see why the binding of issac rebirth and all of it's dlc was amazing. standard diffculty progression, a good balance of bad, decent and amazing items, 3 end game bosses all of them fun to fight, and the combonations of certain items adds for extra spice, oh and also steam workshop for after birth +. paranautical on the other hand, has an unholy difficulty spike, some the items straight up hurt you and the best items are mediocore, the endgame boss is easy as hell (the normal bosses are harder) and there is no intresting combonations. simply, this game sucks. if you want to waste 10 dollars, waste your time and get a headache, then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,250580,24301142,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,captain chef,"possibly the worst game i have ever played, incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and floaty gameplay combined with awful music and despite the fact it is out of early access it still feels and looks like an early access game, voxel graphics are not an excuse for lighting that looks like it came straight out of quake 2 and models that look like they were made by a highschooler"
76561198152673820,Not Recommended,250580,34238836,Posted: 14 August,all,Dk guillotine,very slipery and very repetitive all the rooms look exactly the same and also its just so freaking dark you can barley see whats going on also its almost impossible to figure out what is hitting you seriously would not reccomend this game ive heard alot of people have performence issuse with it to.
76561198013477101,Not Recommended,250580,11041059,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Just a Mad Scientist,"Well..... The game is ok, though it rarely gets any updates. The develpers also see it fit ban posts reporting some bugs in the game and in some cases constructive criticism. All in all the most annoying thing which the developers and the moderators of thier community hub have in the past, was give positive confirmation of multiplayer getting added, claimming for months that it would be in the ""next update"".  However this never happend because of a ""Technical issue"" even though they had been ""working"" on the game for almost a full six to eight months without a single update, bug fix, or patch. After which they claimed they never prommissed any such thing, instead of appologizing to thier customers. They have been one of the best examples of how a game development company should not be run. Ignoring feedback, false advertising, and, one of the worst things to do in my opinion, acting as if it isn't thier falt and not taking any blame about thier short-commings in thier developement.I Do not recommend this game to anyone, because nobody should support people like this and feed the ego of a delusional game developer. Especially one who can't even make a game that looks and feels like one a proper dev could make in the seven day fps competition."
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,250580,10691938,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Illimitus,"The concept is OK, a randomy generated FPS shooter, but the execution is too primitive to be worth your time.Others are trying to get teh rougue FPS formula right, so far we have no winners."
,Not Recommended,250580,11287840,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Polterpneuma,"I generally do not write a review for a game that I have not played at least five hours, but I made this an exception due to how easy it is to experience all there is within the first thirty minutes.I purchasedParanautical Activityout of curiosity during one of the Steam sales event.I obtained the game under the impression that it could be a nice pass time game allowing me to go on a rampage;the game definitely delivered in that aspect, I was given an environment and monsters to shoot at.The problem with this game, however, is the fact that the entire game seems to be just a showcase of an idea.Due to this very fact, I was no longer able to endure this game past the 25th minute mark.I do realize that this game is still in early development, but I would in no manner consider this a game.The definition of providing early access is to allow people to purchase the game and test it for the developers,with the fundemental qualification for an early access game being having most, if not all, of the core mechanics present.This was not the case.This game feels like it is showcasing the classes and the monsters, with overly simplistic menus with very lacking choices.This game delivered a functioning showcase, as I have yet to encounter a debilitating glitch,but other than the above point, there are several other problems I would like to point out:1) The game does not receive updates frequently enough.Out of the some eight months of owning this game, the game has yet to receive major function and mechanics update.The update frequency can easily rank just below the notoriousCube World.2) The classes are extremely unbalanced, for future update reference.I have been playing tanks most of the petty amount of time I have endured this game,as I was shown time and time again in the game that tanks somehow have amazing advantage in both offensive and defensive capabilities compared to many others. I could mow down all mobs regardless of the distance with just the shotgun.3) The game still does not have multiplayer functionality.The developer's blog did mention encountering problems on December of last year with creating the multiplayer function, but that was seven months ago.4) Despite randomized, the game has a very limited amount of mobs, rooms, bosses, and items.As such, the game was not very engaging, as within twenty minutes, the player may have already encountered every single possible instance. Hence why I could not hold my attention onto the game for even 30 minutes.Until the game performs a major update with multiplayer capability, and also have far more variety in its instances,I do not recommend purchasing this game.TL;DR:Ranging from instance variety and mechanics, the game is too lacking in too many manners.Until this game has a multiplayer function and an expanded library of instances, this game is not recommended."
76561198123806291,Recommended,250580,25064304,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Shrier Fueznu,"it's a pretty fun, fast pased shooter. i always have a great time with it up untill i inevitably get the snail boss that causes the frame rate to drop to unplayable levels. if you can avoid this boss though then i garentee you'll have fun."
76561198069045084,Not Recommended,250580,10431265,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Hehe xd,10 dolar for a garbage
,Not Recommended,250580,10136919,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,PersianVersion,There go my 10 bucks
,Not Recommended,250580,8865504,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,"It sounded like such a great concept from the summaryTake a pinch of Doom-esq run/gun, some Spelunky random levels, and the often used basic rougelike elements in order to get the end product of Paranautical Activityhowever... once you get past the hype... its pretty dull for a gameit plays like a 3D ""bullet hell"" game with avatars in the ""cube based design"" that has been done to deathYou die a lot in this game, even for a rougelike its to the point of frustration. Not the good ""gah, I was so close"" of other titles like Spelunky. But the ""ugh, i died. Again."" repetitve slog that makes playing this game seem like a chore, more than some recreational gamingWhen the enemies are not busy spamming endless projectiles at you, or just swarming you, their combat stratagy shows a decided lack of polish and sophistication... In laymans terms: they are idioticYou go behind even the smallest of corners, with a small bit of your (unseen) avatar obscured... and its like you never existed. Or failing that, they will just spam a projectile at the wall in vain hopes of breaking it down (which will never happen)LONG STORY SHORTIt seemed like a good idea, but is nothing more than a disapointing money sink that you will play for a little bit and then uninstall.Do not waste your time or your money on this game unless you want all the fun of Calculus homework with inflated 16bit graphics"
,Not Recommended,250580,28454797,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,hammy! ❤,"As an FPS veteran, this is by far one of the most unbalanced and finnicky games I've ever played.All copious issues with the developer aside, the game ittself has an extremely weird and just plain annoying difficulty curve. For instance, Khan should not spawn on floor 1. On top of this, the bosses swing wildly from being way too easy to way too difficult. On top of that, the classes are unbalanced too! I could g on.As a blanket statement, this game, rather than being fun and challenging, will just leave you frustrated.I just can't recommend this unless you're a masochist."
,Recommended,250580,14469314,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,☯Fey Yoshida☯,"""IT'S BACK BABY~!"" Paranautical activity is a Rogue-light FPS game not unlike Binding of Issac. It was removed after the dev got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at Gaben's Miss labeling of it's release... it was listed as early-access when it had just finished it's E-A cycle. now it's back and better than ever. play as one of about 5 (technicaly 6) Characters as you attempt to defeat Dhalia, a ghostly child that only wants one thing... the death of all living things. you, a sailor who happened to sail next to a deserted boat arives on the scean. the boat you where on suddenly dissapearing into the mist behind you, you go into the boat hopeing for shelter or some way to get away from this acursed ship, only to find adversity waiting for you... will you survive?... or will you become the newest crew member to join the Paranautical Activity on this boat?... there's just one way to find out. shoot, Bomb, and pewpew all that stands in your way, get the loot, and make it to the next floor before the ""ghost"" catches up to you... but Dhalia is not alone... and you can't help but feel the grudge filled stare of something much more sinister........... good luck~... and... do be wary of the holes... you wouldn't want to go back to a previous floor... would you?"
,Recommended,250580,10208459,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Iatroph,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ I leave this game for about a year and come back to see this game being a ♥♥♥♥ing badass rogue like shooter like it should have been. Thanks gabe for putting it back on.
,Recommended,250580,8409714,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Grrt,"First of all, Great Game! This game is joy to me, with the combination of Binding Of Issac, FPS's and the blocky feel many different audiences will love it!"
,Recommended,250580,8222717,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sefarias filius frigoris,This one of the little shiny treasures of a Year. Love it.
,Recommended,250580,27378927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zudzlee,I like shooters and I like rouge-lites.  I don't care if the develepor was a jackass. I like it. At least enough to have played it as much as i have. Not really much more than that though.
,Recommended,250580,11707149,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,VoiceintheWind,"I must say, if you are looking for a game to play on the side of other game while thay are doing an update or whatever, this is your deal. I dont roam game forums or post bugs and glitches alot, but the point of the review is to rate the game not the forum. Even though I have heard bad things about the forum, i still think this game has alot of potental.And now, a little bit about the game.-adrenaline pumping music-great boss fights, 2 per floor, one is optional-very helpful post-boss fight rewards-5 classes with different weapons and stats-several power ups-a couple refrences to other games-action!-in-game gift shops, one on every floor with different items-and last, but not least, giant flying sea turtles with mounted rocket launchersI hope this refiew was in the least bit helpful."
76561198024338968,Not Recommended,250580,33323658,Posted: 6 July,all,//Guerilla,"Didn't really enjoy this. Menu system is bland or non-existent. Gameplay is repetative. Not in a good way like other games. It's just boring. It wouldn't be so bad for the price if the music wasn't absolutely irritating.I can see the appeal for those who like Binding of Issac andare looking for an alternative for cheap, but I just couldn't enjoy it. Only played for about 20 minutes but knew it wasn't for me."
76561197989607632,Recommended,250580,8055347,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Grimthwacker,"A simple but unique premise:  Take The Binding of Isaac, make it into a voxel FPS, and set it on a spooky ghost ship.  It works out very well, and can be very addictive as you experiment with loadouts and items.  Worth getting into the early-access beta."
,Not Recommended,250580,29369572,Posted: 19 January,all,Octuplex,"This game is fine, but it isn't very polished. It feels like a budget game by one or two people, and it makes a lot of rookie mistakes in its design. Everything is very basic, but doesn't feel very stable. Enemy AI is very simple, always firing where you are instead of where you're going. Most fights just boil down to repetitive kiting.Nothing is explained or discoverable. There aren't any tutorials or controlled settings for you to learn how to play, you're just dropped in and expected to figure it out without any signposting. This wouldn't be a big issue in some games, but because of how hectic the fights are, you don't get a chance to absorb information or experiment. When you inevitably die to something that blended in to the chaos fired by an enemy that blended in to the background, the screen presents you with the option to ""restart"" or ""quit"". ""Restart"" sends you back to the main menu. ""Quit"" closes the game.I could go on for hours on the tiny mistakes the game makes all over the place, but overall the game isn't objectively bad. A lot of the problems could be fixed relatively easily. Regardless, I still can't recommend this game considering how many other games on steam are essentially the same game with a hell of a lot more polish.The soundtrack is nice, though."
,Recommended,250580,11631138,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,DEAD PROFILE,I really Like this gameits a little bit Like Binding of Isaac just as a FPSBut it is very hard too and I wish more difficultiesand an other missing thing are achievments :D
,Recommended,250580,22512171,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sheer Breenius,"The dev is kind of an♥♥♥♥♥but this is a pretty decent game.When it's on sale, if you find yourself interested, I recommend it."
,Recommended,250580,8213603,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Shia LaBarf,"Decent game as it currently stands in its phase of development. It's essentially an 3D FPS Binding of Issac in gameplay sense.  Apparently they are in the works of adding a coop mode and achievements, so that will add some more fun to the game in the future. However, currently there is not much room for replayability other than beating the game mutliple times with different characters.  All characters are unlocked at the beginning, there are no item unlocks for doing certain things, no unlockable bosses, one final boss, and no story.  Played it for about 5 hours and probably won't play again until they further update it. As it stands, great Early Access game and I recommend you getting purchasing it when it is on sale for ~$3 or less!"
76561198039683133,Recommended,250580,7319969,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,DonTheDon,"A super fast paced bullet hell first person shooter with the speed of Quake and the insides of The Binding Of Isaac. The Idea here is to just keep moving and shooting, even if your aim sucks. It takes a couple hours to get your feet wet, but once you start learning to run and leap, its very satisfying!"
,Not Recommended,250580,28858777,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,smileslime,Such a slow paced game with music that does not fit the style of the game.
,Recommended,250580,8659443,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,DI@ℬℓO ✔,"Its like The Binding Of Isaac, but in firstperson shooter with alot Doom and Quake monsters, 9.0/10"
,Recommended,250580,10308165,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Slowpoke Yo Face,This game is pretty dang good for some of the best reasons1.High replayability due to level and loot randomization2.I herd you liek Boss fights 2 bosses on every floor main bosses marked with a red skull door optional minibosses marked with a blue skull door Main bosses have small variation as to what Loot you get whereas the minibosses can drop just about anything3.who doesn't love a good ol' fashioned Powerup? just a couple examples are the Heart of gold and the Assault powerup Heart of gold is an instant full health powerup just press q and all your worries disappear unless you only have a max of 3 health then well I'd be worried The Assault powerup gives a HUGE boost to the fire rate of your weapons for a timeThe only thing I dislike about this game is... the map but that is only when the level is to big to fit in the zone for the map otherwise its pretty good
,Not Recommended,250580,18689116,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,killsplode,"The enemys for this game are usually pretty easy and often involve just simply moving left or backwards to get away from most of their attacks but there are other enemys like the skull and the moth that you need to look out for and the skulls are pretty easy too but if you have low speed (and you often will) they can sneak up on you and deal massive damage. The moths are what you need to look out for because there shots home in on you and these shots WILL hit you and the WILL lower your health to zero eventually if you don't concentrate on dodging there shots these two enemys aren't that bad but they're the only really difficult enemys in this game.Bosses are strange some bosses are easy and basically the only way to get hit by the easy ones is if you stop circle strafing around them.The only bosses you need to look out for are the ones with homing shots because they fire a lot and if you aren’t glued to a wall and moving fast your dead for sure. The other hard bosses are the ones that melee you because those ones fly right at you and deal damage and if you aren't moving fast and jumping constantly your dead for sure. However if they aren't FLYING towards you and are just something like a skeleton or something they aren't a problem at all.So bosses and enemys are alright just might need to change a few of their attacks to make the easy ones harder (recommended change) or the hard ones easier (not recommended change)  to stop making the easy boss fights feel like a circle strafing chore.Now lets look at the bad part. The items often horribly unbalanced and some items being flat out jokes that do almost nothing is AWFUL.There is one item in this game called Doxxy that will put me off this game until it gets removed completely. The item changes the sound that you hear when you get hit. That’s. It. You went through an entire blue skull room boss fight where it was that moth with homing shots and you barely made it out alive? Well here’s this completely useless item! You saved up all your money to buy an item in the shop? Well this item is free! It's also useless and takes up 1 of 3 slots in the shop! You only get to items in the shop this time! Should have gotten lucky and had a random dice power up drop so you can reroll this item.There are so many items that just plain suck. The one that flips gravity when you jump (makes the billion jump upgrades useless cuz you can't really jump anymore)DoxxyThe one that permanently lowers your speed for a couple of very temporary armor pieces (speed is essential if you aren't going fast then you WILL easily get your health gradually lowered to zero by moths and stuff. See above where I mention that speed is important to fight the bosses and enemys.).Rage which is a damage up when you kill enemys! What could be wrong with that? Well, it's also a damage down. It is many damage downs. Every 10 seconds or so it lowers your damage by 0.083~ I think and when you kill enemys it increases damage by the same amount lowered so if you aren’t constantly instakilling enemys then you are losing damage. You can't insta kill with this item because its lowering your damage.Not to mention the item pickup tip for rage simply says ""Damage up for killing enemys"" and doesn't mention this damage down I'm glad I looked at the pdf file supplied that explains items. If I hadn't done that I would think this item was good!Same with Fool, an item of which simply says ""doubles damage"" on pickup and doesn't mention that enemys deal double damage too! I could imagine myself spending hours ingame with the fool item dying quickly and not realizing it was fool's fault. (Fool is a good item because of an item called kamikaze which turns those normally useless bombs your carrying into armor and deals damage to enemy that melee you. The downside to kamikaze is that it completely removes your health so if you don't have any bombs and you get hit you die. The whole idea behind kamikaze is that if you now spend health to shoot bombs but bombs require so many upgrades that you wouldn't be shooting them even if you didn't have kamikaze.I would often find myself getting kamikaze and running around with 40 bombs that I wont use because I have 40 health and it would take so long to get me to zero that the final boss is a cakewalk. I could even take fool to insta kill everyone and it would STILL take a long time to die. bombs are more plentiful then hearts as you can blow up explosive barrels get a 3 hp up at almost any time.The other way of getting health is to take some health upgrades. The two I found were this one that doubles your health but lowers your speed. Because your speed is lower you are going to get hit easier and speed ups are so rare that this is never worth taking. The other just gives you two health and some armor which helps but both of these are nothing compared to kamikaze.I would say that kamikaze=win and if you don't get it you will have so many awful items thrown at your way that it's basically restart for kamikaze.I can name a lot more if I look at which item does in the little pdf file that says what every item does but that would be boring to see me explain why almost every item you find is bad.So a few items are good and the majority are bad.The point of item systems in roguelikes are that these items change gameplay and keep it interesting and a lot of these items have potential but are so imbalanced that they aren't worth taking and it turns the game into a restart early to get good items fest which is bad because this means that all your runs are the same because your taking the same items every time. This run is the same every time feeling is magnified by the low number of rooms the made for each floor. The number of rooms they made are so low that I found myself memorizing enemy spawn locations in only a few hours of playing.Because of the sheer amount of bad items in this game the devs have a lot of stuff to fix. I heard that they are spending most of there time right now adding net co-op but I'd say if you wan't to fix this game then ditch the co-op idea for now and spend all your time on balancing these items and removing doxxy.I got this game on sale for 3 dollars and it's so bad because of the item system. I don't think this game is even worth 3 dollars as pressing the restart button over and over again isnt fun. If I wanted to press the same button over and over again I would just play cookie clicker.TL;DR \/\/\/\/\/Pros+FOV slider goes from 30 to way to high+music is niceCons-enemys are easy except for one or 2-bosses are either easy or really hard and there's only 2 or 3 hard bosses.-The items are so bad that it encourages restarting-music is nice but it isn't tied to floors or rooms or anything it's litterally like they just took some youtube playlist and put it in the game. There is no boss fight music-I met the system requirements but expereinced harsh lag on lowest graphics because when you kill things the fall into a million cubes some times on later levels these squares become so plentiful that it becomes unbearable-game sounds are underwhelming. I looked at the credits and it had links to sites like freesounds which makes me feel like they just searched a shotgun sound . mp3 in google  and downloaded the first thing they saw-item pickup tips are helpful sometimes but other times don't mention a that an item has a secret bad effect. This encorages reading the pdf guide that comes with the game which means playing this game blind is a bad Idea-speed is essential for dodging and so many items lower this stat that most of the items become useless the game does have good movement but this good movement is gone if you take too many speed down itemsYes, the only good thing about this game is the fov slider and maybe one or two of the enemys."
,Not Recommended,250580,31363836,Posted: 25 April,all,ant meat,It's fun and performs well as a rail shooter but is extremely unbalanced and feels like a child's attempt to make a first-person Binding of Isaac. I bought it for like 79 cents and I'm still mad.
76561198049465659,Recommended,250580,8356070,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Speeds,"I'll probably update this as the game gets more and more updates.This game so far is really fun. Gameplay reminds me a lot like Serious Sam but a little floaty, and each level is different as the rooms are randomly generated. Lots of different class types, though some could be improoved. If you can get this on sale like I did, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250580,6953407,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,TheAnonyMormon,"What an awesome game! Seriously, the only reason you wouldn't like this game is if you are a joyless, boring old fart who despised happiness.http://youtu.be/s-D2u-zk1Ac"
76561198019405086,Recommended,250580,7852175,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Gai-Gin-German,"WHat do you get if you combine the Player movement found in Quake III, add Voxel graphics and elements of a Rougelike? You get THIS little pearl of an FPS-Shooter that plays itself what could be described as Binding of Isaac with Guns in First-Person.While it is Early Access it already provides a TON of fun and a truly challenging difficulty that is made for those who seek an adrenaline-coaster of a shooter. You move and shoot very fast, but die even faster if you are careless!A fair warning to those that prefer a more ""easy-going"" shooter where you do not have to pay attention to every moving pixel on the screen: This game is not for you. It is REALLY fast and can get ridiculously fast-paced and frantic, so those who cannot really take too much stress are better off with other games (Sorry, but this really is getting frantic fast and keeps that pace going all the time).The shooter elements are incredible and have this ""Quake"" feeling, able to move and shoot in one fluid motion. The shooting seamlessly combines with moving, jumping and the enemies keep you going in many different ways (even though there are not a lot of different types). The item system is well-implemented and even though there are not too many of them they offer more than just an increase in stats, but also unique effects that are real game changers.tl;dr: A game that plays like a mix of Doom and Binding of Isaac with Voxel graphics, clever items, fast-paced and challenging gameplay and just a handful of bugs to boot. Also Zombie Nazies."
,Recommended,250580,7874333,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,cl3ver,"More skillfull then cod, bf or other usless fps♥♥♥♥♥♥ You should play if you ever played quake, ET, Doom or similar to that!cl3ver APPROVES!"
,Recommended,250580,7880032,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Procrastinator,"Wait, so you are telling me the description Quake + Binding of Isaac isnt making you throw at the game? You are a weird creature"
76561197972230822,Recommended,250580,7941196,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SkinnyHatGit,"Paranautical Activity is one of those games I picked up during a Steam sale on the grounds of ""it's three dollars, why the hell not?"" It's pretty much an FPS version of the Binding of Isaac, set in an undersea Nazi fortress (?) populated with demons, mutants, and affiliated scum. Each floor is composed of randomly selected preset rooms, which lock until the player kills all the enemies therein. As you move down the different floors, more hazards are introduced, such as lava and bladed pendulums. Bosses battles are randomized, divided between mandatory (the room with the elevator to the next level) and optional, and an easy way to get free items. The game is fun, in an arcade-y ""how far can i make it"" sense, though it's not without problems. The dim lighting and voxel-based graphics sometimes make it hard to pick out enemies from the background, and getting movement powerups makes it very easy to run into something dangerous in the often cramped rooms. The different weapons are often more trouble than they're worth-the shotgun and the sickle are your best choices, hands down, and even then, you're at the mercy of whatever powerups are randomly generated in boss rooms or the store in terms of damage or firing rate. That said, the soundtrack is extremely catchy, and it's hugely fun dashing through the levels when you luck out and get the right upgrades. Though I'm not sure I'd pay ten dollars for it, it IS a fun little game."
76561198060112047,Recommended,250580,7874513,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,☆ Đee Gee ☆,BUY IT!!!!! it is a refreshingly retro shooter were mobility is key but also it's a solid challenging roguelike (which is a very good combo!).
,Recommended,250580,7888512,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Origo,"The Binding of Isaac+Quake style gameplay. Yeah, I can't wait to see this game finished."
76561198097238981,Recommended,250580,10745646,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FeelsLikeALotofHOOPLA,"A fun rogue-like game with a great fps style involved with it. The only bad thing I have to say is that the developers have promised some things that haven't been added, or cannot be added now (multiplayer), which is a big reason I bought it. They update the game once in a while, but there could be better communaction by them."
,Recommended,250580,8250685,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,The Taxman,"I didnt expect much, when i bought this game. I own Binding of Isaac and i dindt like it that much. But this game is really awesome!When you start its a bit difficult but after 2-3 times you can do well.I like this game, and i#ll continiue playining. Looking forward to the Co-Op Update!"
,Recommended,250580,8211072,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,pancakeboy607,"A work of art. The Music was amazing and so was the gameplay. The variety of classes was quiet low, But that doesn't affect the gameplay itself. If you like the binding of isaac and team fortress 2. You'd love this. 9.5/10. The only flaw I can find is how difficult it is. Get this game for you and a few friends, Multiplayer is coming soon!"
,Recommended,250580,7815785,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,andersgaem,"This game is really, really fun. If you like the binding of Isaac then you'll like this"
,Recommended,250580,7834595,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,KoTr~b54e,yes yes omg yes.
,Recommended,250580,8534976,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Артур Копрокубов,"gud gaym iz gudget it while it's on sale, it's worth it just for the music."
,Recommended,250580,8378064,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ludd,"Decent Roguelike, doomesque enemies +weapons.  Annoying at times due to the main strategy of dealing with bosses being circlestrafe+jump.  Pickups from boss rooms & item rooms in general serve to add minor changes to gameplay, mostly by increasing a stat or adding a gimic to your movement (wall flipping jumps, shorter, faster jumps etc.)"
76561198043220058,Recommended,250580,8414939,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dade,This Game Rules
76561198061863902,Recommended,250580,8465433,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SuperLuciferX,"This game .........God.......Dam .......WERE HAVE U BIN ALL MY LIFE!it mixes all the good parts of 90s fps with super random levels like in games like pixal dungeon<- (game for moble phones)its fun and VERY chalanging i have a hard time geting to lvl 3 the game has a nice sound track that get u pumped up there are a bunch of starting classes that sport there own states and starting weapons but u can swap the weapons out by buying new 1s at the store witch spawns each lvl with a random selection of stuff the rooms aprear to be emtay intill u enter them then it spawns random monster for u to fight and kill or be killed there are a few items u can get off monsters  includeing coins<-money for the shop, bombs<-2ntary weapon for all classes, hearts<-healh, Shelds<-armor,and a possable powerups  witch u can hold and save 1 for later u can only hold 1 so make sher its what u need there are 1 boss and 1 mini boss each floor u need to only kill the boss to procees to the next floor thoe i HIGHLY recamend u clear each floor to get the permanat upgrades like extra damage or helth and all the coins all in all this game is totaly worth the few dollers is it atm 100% replayable do to the random nature of the game u never see the same stuff twice. 10/10 in my books"
76561197991255663,Recommended,250580,9803706,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Wiking18,Very interessting game. Check out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NG3GM7SAUBY&hd=1for a first look of the game in german.
,Recommended,250580,8202510,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Warkthogus,This is essentially playing Binding of Isaac as if it were Quake.  Completely amazing.  I can't wait to see what else they put into the game!
,Recommended,250580,8260593,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mastrcheap,"Takes me back to the days of Quake and Unreal Tournament. A wonderful game that takes some getting used to, but will definitely give you an adrenaline rush once you get the hang of it. 4.5/5.0.As a side note, while this topic doesn't change my view on the game so far, it still needs to be addressed: The devs really need to get to work on this. Promising Co-op in ""the next update"" more than 6 months ago and still not releasing it yet isn't a good move if you want to keep your consumer base. Don't get me wrong, the game is still great; it is still an adrenaline rush to play, especially on the later levels, but the lack of love from the devs, from the promised bugfixes to the approaching vaporware status of Co-op, really hinders what this game could achieve.All in all, if you're a fan of the twitch-action shooter, than PA is up your alley. If you're hestiant about buying the game though, I'd recommend waiting until the Co-op update is released before purchasing."
,Recommended,250580,9568903,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,๖ۣPrince of the Void,awsome game is hard when first try but you will get the hang of it my racord is only level 4
,Recommended,250580,7619109,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Skunk,"I would describe ""Paranautical Activity"" as a mixture between ""The Binding of Isaac"" and classic first-person shooters. PA is extremely fast-paced, challenging, and sometimes terrifying. Like many other games of this type, you will find yourself fighting to clear rooms of enemies and eventually defeating the main boss. After the boss battle you will take an elevator to the next floor where the difficulty rises. From what I understand, you are on a Nazi ship with experimental creatures, and must fight your way to.. who knows where. The retro voxel graphics seem a bit overused these days, but it works fairly well. If you have had an urge to play this, I suggest picking it up to support development. If $9.99 is too much at the moment, go ahead and wait."
,Recommended,250580,7822029,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Krash2020,This game has fps with an attitude. It's a different game everytime so it wont bore you at the same time keep you on your toes on the next room. The game will demand your highest fps skills so dont expect a walk in the park. Its got a nice retro/modern feel. Not bad if you get it on sale. nothing id buy at full price.
,Recommended,250580,7812366,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,earlbrownie,"Played 16 minutes of this game and I love it so much already!The gameplay is fast and almost frantic but so rewarding when you kill the last enemy for a room!One last thing though...The music is masterful!:-DFantastic job, I look forward to more releases!"
76561198091259519,Recommended,250580,8175521,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Commander Kick Butt,Amazing game. Lots of fun.
,Not Recommended,250580,7866603,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Bricktop,"In its current state, it needs much more work. This is an early release game so I'm sure it'll get better but, so far, the controls definitely need a bit more fine tuning. The action is not very exciting yet either. I feel that there needs to be greater feedback letting you know when you actually manage to hit an enemy. Another problem I ran into is the inability to bind any actions to my mouse. By default, Bomb is set to Mouse 2 but when I attempted to change the button to Jump, the game rejected the change.On a positive note, the visual style is fun and all of the colored lights takes me back to the days of Quake 2. The music is also very cool and fittingly frenetic to match the game. I love fast-paced shooter games and I'll be keeping an eye on this one as I wait for the bugs / polish to improve. For now, I cannot recommend purchasing this title."
,Not Recommended,250580,8188599,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jaunty,"Pretty straight forward, you get what you expect with this game and so whether or not you'll like it will come down to preference. I found the controls sluggish and the guns generally unsatisfying; considering that's really all there is to this game, it means I can't give it my recommendation."
76561198060542514,Recommended,250580,19497174,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MaximusPain2,"Hard as nails and really wierd. Conclusion, in love with this game"
,Recommended,250580,17843491,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Green Wizard Needs Food Badly,"As someone who has spent most of his life playing DOOM and listening to Drum & Bass in the background, I can say that this game is just what the doctor ordered. It's a room-by-room, fast paced FPS with kind of silly looking voxel graphics, but I think it hits the dark atmosphere just right for a run and gun first person experience. The weapons are a bit tough to get into the swing of, but all-in-all I find this game rather addictive."
76561198042629976,Recommended,250580,8848441,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,rsuggs,"It's about as far as you can deviate from the typical roguelike formula and still be considered a roguelike, and still fun nonetheless. It plays a little bit like Quake, but less reliant on twitch-reflexes, and a little bit like Binding of Isaac, but with less depth.Still, a very fun game, and with a lot of potential as development continues."
,Recommended,250580,11500099,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Cydistical,"Okay, bought this last night just before going to bed hoping to fight away my sleep deprivation and my train of thought was ""okay i'll put this on download and go to bed.. wait, it's only like 100 mb? okay, i'll play like 10 minutes"" it's now 3 in the morning. Amazingly fun. the thing I hate about this game though is when you progress a certain amount it is made harder by enveloping the map in complete darkness... do not like, ples halp. still, heartily recommend this game, it is brilliant.Edit: I do however support the negative reviews in their complaints about the devs, they are horrible people and unless they start to support the game and support players, this will be another potential indie dev that has crashed and burned, of their own accord."
,Recommended,250580,11693571,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,MrOmniscient,"Like a first-person Binding of Isaac meets Quake's emphasis on mobility and shooting, Paranautical Activity is non-stop shooting and dodging from the start. Varied enemies and room layouts keep the pressure on, and the rogue-lite elements incorporate a steady stream of powerups to help the player through the constantly increasing difficulty."
76561198066159836,Not Recommended,250580,33250275,Posted: 4 July,all,Atri,"Meh.Is all I can really say if someone asked for a quick description of this game.The long one is here:The game has a pretty good soundtrack which I really like. But it is too quick for the gameplay, which is slow and should be much quicker. For example, you have 4 classes David Bowie, Di-no-mite (or sumtin') , (the really quick one), and The Tank.Out of these 4 only 2 are playable. (David and The Quick One) Becouse Di and Tank are too slow. When I played as them it was extremely boring going to room to room slower than a snail on salt. And even with the quick guys (B and T.Q.O) you sometimes can't run away from the enemies. The A.I. mostly tries to get as close to you as possible, and most of the time it's faster than you. So you get stuck in an endless party of pain. Which sounds cool but when you're in one it's really frustrating.I won't list any ways in how the game could get better simply becouse it's 4 years old and It's in a ''Deluxe Atonement Edition'' and if something has that big of a name, and still sucks. I don't think the creator is going to fix sh**.So yeah.0.6 hours in and I already saw everything. Ok game for a very, very short while. Also the price is too big for a simple shooter. Just buy Reptilians Must Die instead."
,Recommended,250580,14467759,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Armpit Juice,"threated the big man himself and lived, what a game."
76561198056526892,Recommended,250580,11439392,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ｔｅｒｍｉｎａｌ,8/10Pros.+ Great Soundtrack+ Interesting Level Design+ Creative Enemy Design+ Good Art Style ( does not have Minecraft syndrome like Eldritch does )+ Great BossesCons.- Lack of Variety in Levels- Lack of Variety in Weapons
,Recommended,250580,8258238,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SharpCoder,This game is surprisingly addictive. The really awesome fast-paced style is perfect for quick-and-dirty gameplay during short bouts of downtime.
,Not Recommended,250580,30007957,Posted: 18 February,all,Ar_Meisce,"I tired hard to like this game, but couldn't.  It feels unfinished.  The style of the game is great, but the gameplay was terrible.  It feels more like a beta build then a finished product."
,Recommended,250580,11822003,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,GhostYy,"First-Person Binding Of Isaac with it's own unique set of classes, enemies, weapons, items, power-ups, and levels.I definitely reccomend this to anyone who enjoys fast-paced first person shooters and/or rogue likes like The Binding Of Isaac."
76561198071421958,Not Recommended,250580,14500659,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,eternal jape,"No support for my video card?Game is pixelated, the FOV is messed up. Blackness everywhere for every enemy, I tried every solution.It'd be good if I could play it.Also I've been supporting this game ever since it came out, trust me that it has terrible developers."
,Not Recommended,250580,18663300,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Danny-Chinzo,"Constantlly Spinning, nothing online to fix the issue so i feel robbed of my money."
,Not Recommended,250580,12228401,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,rice_eater,I want my multiplayer as promised....
,Recommended,250580,14636611,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Patosomon kické,"Sadly, the last boss isn't Gaben. But still a good game."
76561198027959928,Not Recommended,250580,18930309,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,`¤ˎˏ¤´,A bit too primitive even for the blocky-styled game.
,Recommended,250580,12583283,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,PixelPodium,"Pros- Fast-paced, bullet-hell gameplay- Easy to set up and play- Tons of replayability- Lots of unique items- Variety in classes and weapons- Fun to figure out what items do- Procedurally generated floors (no two floors are the same)- Multiple bosses- Can easily induce One-More-Run Syndrome- FOV sliderCons- Enemy vartiation lacking- Dark rooms do not provide enough light- Flying skull enemies gang up on you and take chunks out of your health. Can make you feel cheated."
,Not Recommended,250580,26327671,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Minos,"Yea, it's pretty bad, don't even bother.Subpar quality, really bad weapon animations, poor sound quality, very floaty and unrealiable movement and also really awful shooting feedback for all weapons (which there is just a handful, although not unexpected).Just, you know, stay away."
,Recommended,250580,12563939,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,shadowsin,"Despite the friction between people of the community and people of the development team, this game is quite good.  Steps have been taken to make it what it was set out to be by the developers.The game on its own merits is very good: Gameplay isn't super unique but it is an enjoyable, fast-paced first-person shooter style rogue-lite.  While the item list at a glance is relatively small the variety of weapons makes it an interesting play.I wouldn't say it is infinately replayable as the number of item combinations and their affect on your gameplay isn't large, but the game is enjoyable for many hours and is well worth a buy."
,Not Recommended,250580,21572725,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,shem,"Clunky movement, bad menu and options, too damn dark, why do i have to keep moving diagonally to get away? I love the idea but the way this game is made is just garbage."
76561198097675823,Recommended,250580,12038446,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Izumi Sena,"Be careful with skulls, sharks and monkeys, this enemies can kill you in fragments of seconds, run from this deadly enemies, a pretty hard game, some action, good music, I have played this game a lot when it was early access, they changed the game a lot, I don't liked for tell the truth, but after the game was re released here on steam, the game is back full of potential for future biding of issac fps games like it was back when I first played the game+hard+techno soundtrack+a kind addicting =)-unlock system Its a kind pain-20% chance get dark levels with holes <<<-- WHAT??!-you cant run, but you can get speed powerups9/10 you can't save your progress, so you need to do everything in one straight playthrough"
76561198088752926,Recommended,250580,12489670,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,andy.stas,"overall, the game pretty great if you love rougelike games like binging of Isaac. It can be pretty tough at times, so you should be good at FPS games in general. All in all a great game, but its pretty hard to get any further than floor 3"
,Not Recommended,250580,16166166,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sky Lukewalker,"I really don't like it. It's not a bad game, visually I found some appeal. It's just too hard from the start. There is zero to no explanation about what is going on in the game, zero info on the controls, and it just isn't very good overall."
,Recommended,250580,21350265,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,FreshBazuble,"Paranautical activity is a rogue like first person shooter inspired by binding of issac and doom its a kind of difficulty that sort of puts out binding of issacs difficulty and really sort of has quake machainichs with doom like monsters, despite its rough past with valve/steam its back and its very good i would not reccomend it to people or are bad at games even i have trouble with this game how ever it is worth the price.pros-binding of issac but in first person and with guns-bunny hopping done easy-fun to playcons-difficult (duh)-hard to aim while Bhopping-can only swap one weapon outoverall its a good game and i can enjoy it i rate it with 7/10 and slap it with a recommendation"
,Recommended,250580,22262493,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Half Human,"I highly recommend this game. It's got great weapons, well-designed rooms and weapons, good music, and really fast-paced gameplay. If you want something that is like Quake, with minimal story and maximum speed/carnage, THIS is the game for you.9/10 - The only reason it isn't 10/10 is because it has giant pixel spiders, and I f___ing HATE spiders!"
,Not Recommended,250580,23426736,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dave,"A very flat feeling experience due to the lack of sound effects and animation.No theme or wrapper to the experience, just some odd creatures in rooms that feel very samey.Gameplay that's basically ""shoot at the thing that's jumping up and down"" ""shoot at the fish on the floor"" and ""don't get hit"".The dev might have played Doom and Spelunky, but they don't seem to understand what made either of them great.Oh yeah, and the soundtrack is horrible."
,Recommended,250580,12119358,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,SSZeroSS,"I bought this a long time ago when it was very different from what it is now.  It has come a long way, and sadly co-op isn't making it into the game.  Other then that downside this game is great! Grab your prefered gun and pray to RNGesus, you might make it to the end.  It's fast pased old school strife jumping and alot of running backwards firing like a mad man!  There is a nice variety of rooms and monster types, the boss fights are interesting, and there are tons of buff and debuff items.  Overall I would give it a 6/10 (I was really looking forward to co-op), however it is still a good game."
,Recommended,250580,12132221,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,-Zel,"A game would recommend.Paranutical Activity is a first-person rogue like-like, with an awesome overall feeling. Game takes place on a haunted ship, where everything is out to get you and you're out to get everything that is trying to get you. The characters are clearly destinct and have their own weapon. As the characters are so diffrent items you pick along your way effect the characters more or less depending on your choices. As many, I had my scepticism with an Early-access game, but if you can look past that, you can get into a game that's adding new content constantly.As a side note, the game hasn't been ""abandoned"" at all, that's a false rumor that's clearly not true, but still cracks me up every time, as it has become an inside joke that now is a pinnacle piece in the game's humor to me."
76561198079424580,Recommended,250580,12167459,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,I AM BREAD (Pedro),"Its early access its bound to have bugs and things of the sort, The devs might seem like they dont care but the truth is that they are some fantastic people, if you like a good FPS, Roguelike here you have it, i freaking love this game, and there is always things being done to improve it and thats awesome, more then most early access and even some normal games can be said about, i would play this game a LOT more if i had time to, believe me."
,Recommended,250580,12001468,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ChuckleNuts,"Dont listen to the reviews, this game is fun and has a resonable amount of replay ability.Not sure about what the devs have said to fans but it hasnt been forgotten. It says on there website about 1.8 coming out soon and it looks alright.If your looking for a game to waste a few hours away this game can do that but if your looking for a game like isaac then this aint what your looking for"
,Recommended,250580,12023641,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,CorbecJayne,"Awesome combination of classic FPS like Doom and Quake, with the randomness and difficulty of modern roguelikes like Binding of Isaac and Spelunky."
,Recommended,250580,16543706,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,saltmummy626,"Its a decent game which is an alright investment of ten bucks. Mostly a time waster though. Some of the weapon effects are cool though, for example, the item ""han's chainsaw"" which causes a large chainsaw blade to erupt from the floor when one of your bombs explode.A few complaints I have though are:-I wish it was a bit faster. It feels like I should be faster.-occasionally, youll get hit and it isnt really clear that its happened.-obvious disparity between items, leading to a point when you actively avoid certain items because grabbing them will completely screw the run."
,Recommended,250580,14457665,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Remixer1993,Good game.  Best comparison is an FPS Isaac but I think this game is more difficult than Isaac since its in the first person view.  I still think its a great game and its at a good fair price
76561198087713157,Recommended,250580,30644715,Posted: 20 March,all,Argyle,"This game is even simpler than the description implies; it's essentially just the feel of Quake in the dungeon design of Binding of Isaac. It can't hold a candle to Quake, but it's not quite fair because of the difference in budget. Some of the characters take a lot of getting used to and some of the enemies can ♥♥♥♥ right off, but if you're looking for a more frantic, roguelike rendition of Quake, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,250580,11715329,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,ＰＲＩＴＣＨＡＲＤ,"This game doesn't play very well, and the developers have proven to be quite unreliable. This is one of the failures of Early Access."
76561198067746049,Recommended,250580,14458529,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Kael Hawklight,"An FPS style binding of isaac esk game that i personally enjoy.About a year ago, i wouldn't have said that. The games community was a lot smaller. There werent many enemies, and everything just seemed... Unfinished in some way. But that my friends... Is not now. Now i would recommened this game to any/every one of my friends. The game has evolved to the point were it isnt just running around shooting everything that moves, it does involve some strategy.Example..Going in to verse a mini boss isnt always the best thing, seeing how a lot of the time it can easily kill you, but at the same time, the item/gold you gain can really benefit you in the future.I could ramble about what i like about the game from here on, and what i dont like, but i'd rather just give you a list of pros and cons...Pros:- Good graphics- Nice soundtrack- Unique gameplay- Fast paced (which not everyone likes)- Tons of different enemies- Many bosses (All with unique attack patterns)- Tons of fun weapons- David bowie....Cons:- Cost.     Dont get me wrong, its not a bad price. But at the same time its not something i would aim for...- Enemy AI.      Sometimes... They're just so... Stupid...This game might not appeal to everyone, but if you have the money and generally like Rougue-likes and are also a fan of FPS i recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,250580,20107382,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nettrow,"Before you play this game, I have some questions for you.Do you want to run faster than sonic given flash powers?Do you want to play a first person Isaac shooter?Do you want to pull your hair out trying to 100% this game?If so, Buy this game.P.S: ♥♥♥♥ THE ICE LEVELS"
,Recommended,250580,1281200,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Pötatø dëë shrîmpéé!,"Imagine if someone combined the alien landscape of Doom and the twitchy movement controls of Quake then slapped on some randomised maps and enemies for good measure and you're well on your way to PAranautical Activity!It's a little rough around the edges here and there, but it's still amazing to actually play and I highly recommend giving it a go!"
76561198060636874,Recommended,250580,12304738,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ExcaliJesus,LIKE DOOM BUT WITH GHOSTS 10/10
,Recommended,250580,12369924,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,kebcoob,"this game was 3 spooky, that i got spooked salad"
,Recommended,250580,18464218,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,«PZ» #NoSkill,"Really fun, Similar to Binding of isaac but in first perosn and more blocky.Lots of fast-paced action and great music to go with it."
,Recommended,250580,15275084,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Tommy Salami,"This game is pretty decent, but sadly I prefer the movie Paranorman"
76561197970405201,Not Recommended,250580,17090701,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,gdkags,"Played it for an hour, it is good for that long. After that it got boring.First few floors are easy, but always repetitive.Upgrades are boring and not very innovative. As are Characters.Differences are neglegtable and not worth having seperate classes."
,Recommended,250580,14443015,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,chrisromic2,"This game is really fun to play, and I am glad to see it back on steam where it belongs. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves rogue like/rogue lite games and fps."
,Not Recommended,250580,23916701,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Feindbild,"IMO absolutely not worth full price - check it out if you can get it for very cheap, maybe it's your type of thing.The extremely low production value made me get a refund though."
,Recommended,250580,7996189,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Kokoloko,"This may be the most refreshing new FPS concept out there: The Binding of Isaac as FPS meets Lego-graphics, mixed with awesome oldschool movement - strafe and jump without a break - loot nonstop and after you feel really heroic you die horribly. And again!I´m really looking forward to more content but even now it is fun as hell, you get better and better with every time you play and it is a real jewel in the indie-FPS-market for sure!"
,Recommended,250580,8192096,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Punk Mom,This game is literally the most fun thing I've played in years. BUY. IT. NOW.
,Recommended,250580,10003423,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Boink,HEY! I got a package of sea spiders over here!C+
,Recommended,250580,8527984,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pumpkin Thief,"This is a fun rogue-like shooter game with interesting voxel creature designs and really loud electronic music. Could be a little clearer on what the powerups do (Ankh? what does it do!?). If you die you have to start over in a new randomly generated dungeon, so try to live forever. Definitely recommended, but the price might be a little high for what it is."
,Not Recommended,250580,12197473,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Horror,"I used to reccomend this, because the project was looking promissing, but after that, everything just sort of went down hill, and I have sadly moved on."
,Recommended,250580,29743171,Posted: 6 February,all,sync54,this game is fun
,Recommended,250580,11174662,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Roodlex Poodleoodletoodlen,"This game is amazing in literally every way. This FPS Rougelike game reminds me so dearly of The Binding of Isaac. Although it is rather difficult to master the game, once you do, you can truly start to see the beauty in the game. Now, I'm sure you're looking through the other reviews thinking you shouldn't buy it. I'm going to take a few seconds to tell you why those reviews are just wrong. First off, one of the most common rumors is that the game is dead, that is a baseless rumor. The developers of this game are still working hard in attempt to patch the bugs and add new features. Next is that the developers are jerks. I ask of you to imagine their situation, working to fix bugs in a game and all the communtiy does is complain about the bugs you are trying to fix. Wouldn't that make you mad? Then there's the bug reports, some people complain about how they are ignored or treated rudely on the reports. These are the same people who don't bother to notice that the very same bug they're reporting has been reported multiple times. In short, buy this game because it's worth it, and ignore reviews from fools."
,Recommended,250580,10428554,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Raylore2000,This is the greatest 8bit FPS Open arena type game i have ever seen i recommend this to all who want to try something new and exciting.
76561198020766718,Recommended,250580,21196966,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,aCdhell,"Awesome Rogue Like fps.Great Music, fast paced gameplay.The only issue is the lacking SFX.Enemies have no SFX, even when attacking. Makes a hard game even harder but creates a strange and enjoyable atmosphere."
,Recommended,250580,11272918,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Freaky Ghost Bed,"Overall I think its a great game, and i think this game should be getting some better reviews. Its a very challenging game with a strong rouge-like gameplay to it. it may be a bit better after more development is put into it. I hope to see more updates on the randomisation of the levels and items dropped by bosses. I sometimes find my self walking into the same room multipul times in a row. if you like binding of issac you will love this game, as it adds that 3d, fastpaced aspect that binding of issac missed."
76561198055668110,Not Recommended,250580,15644695,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Totem,"I'm having a hard time liking this game to be honest, but I'll try to give it the benefit of the doubt.Despite that notion from myself (Mostly because I paid for the darn thing), I still don't recommend this game.><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><Pros:> interesting graphicsCons:> None of the classes seem very significant and are all hard to control> There's no storyline> It's hard as balls to get play> There are other reasons, but other reviewers seem to have covered them pretty damn well><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><I admit that I haven't played all that much of the game, but from what I COULD all I discovered that it is immensly easy to die and is almost insanely hard to get even a single power up.  Also most of the ""Abilities"" you can get have no explanation and don't seem to affect anything upon use.  There's not even a stat menu to see if any of the power ups have changed them.And did I mention how easy it is to die?  Most of the beginning weapons barely have any effect on the enemies sometimes and it's almost like you lose health way too fast in some encounters.  You can survive for a much longer time in the Binding of Isaac compared to this game.  Not only that, but everytime you die it doesn't even feel like you've accomplished anything.  I know the point of a Rogue-Like is that you only have one life to do everything, but this game takes that aspect way too seriously that it feels pointless to even try.As for the storyline... well... WHAT STORYLINE?I don't know who I am, where I'm going, or what I'm even doing this for.  There's really no point in doing whatever ""Mission"" I'm trying to do if there's no real goal in mind.  I'd say to get this game if it had a great storyline despite the weird and often annoying gameply, but since it doesn't even have THAT then I don't recommend that anyone really get this.The only redeeming feature are the graphics, and while I admire that, it takes a bit more than fancy creatures and pixel guns to make a game work.3/10 Would only play again since I paid for it"
76561198059060360,Recommended,250580,8260500,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Eerie Candle,The game is awesome!The developers are... odd...
,Recommended,250580,11173857,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,[BTB] Vsauce Micheal,CREEPY
,Recommended,250580,8228062,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,my cancer is finally progressing,Wow such gud gam much luv wow
,Recommended,250580,19919150,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,EpicGroover,it has a hand-held cannon... you figure out the rest
,Recommended,250580,25640954,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Vidd,Binding of Iscac meets 90s first person shootersIf you like neither then don't bother
,Recommended,250580,8764060,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,El_Dano,Loads of fun and runs quite smooth. I have played for a bit and have only came across one miner bug.
,Recommended,250580,14657787,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Zaelaporro-Udon,"This is one of those games in which you play for 30 mins and get adrenaline for next 2 hours.Balance- good (though I havn't played for a long time)Music- amazingControls- good (make game more about skill with almost no poor-control damage)Graphics- moderate. I like pixel art, as long as if it not confusing. In this game explosions are confusing and you cant really tell the sizes of explosions. Some other moments also need to be improved.Overall I want to give this game 7.5/10Deducted points go exclusively for graphics, sometimes making it diffictult to understand wtf is going on and how big explosions are.Reccomend for rogue-like fps lovers who want a game as fast as quake 3 or smth"
76561198031396215,Recommended,250580,16848733,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"For $3, sure"
,Recommended,250580,27542249,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fr4sek,"Nice, fun game, maybe not worth 9 euros but you should totally get it when it's on sale for 2-3"
76561198042564839,Recommended,250580,10373710,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,FB||NLMSalty,it is sooo fun
76561197961521535,Recommended,250580,9210436,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Captain Bumbus,It's ok
,Recommended,250580,20270949,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheCheekyTree,"I'm strongly conflicted on this game.It can be great fun a lot of the time, but you will find yourself dying for stupid reasons more often than not... not once did I die and think that it was my fault, but instead usually down to some stupid item I picked up not knowing what it did and completely killed my run. For example;The ""Eye of Dubbbz"" item. I got to stage 7 and picked this up. It made all of the rooms completely pitch-black (until the end of the game). I literally just quit. Why is that even in the game? That's a stupid idea for an item, especially when rooms become more cluttered with obstacles so you run into walls like the Kool-Aid man and die+ Skill-based gameplay which is fun+ Movement is spot-on+ Music is AMAZING (Produced by MACAskill)+ Weapons are fun for the most part and each have their different gimmick+ Punny names for weapons and items which is cool- Classes are basic and just have different health & armour, weapon, and speed.- Nazi levels seem out of place- Bad items that are there just to be bad and ruin your experience- Gameplay isn't addicting like other rougelikes- Exploding enemies can spawn in front of you as the enter the roomParanautical Activity is mostly a game about movement, and I love how a lot of the items such as the Recoil Rifle allow for some top tier gameplay, To make the classes more unique I think each class should start with a specific movement item (Such as dash, double jump, small etc)The aesthetic of this game is also confusing... it's like a nazi, pirate, demon shooter? What?TLDR: It's a fun game, but I recommend you get this game on the cheapest sale and give the rest of the money to MACAskill (the music producer), as they shafted him out of payment and basically took his music."
,Recommended,250580,21575605,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Budman,Really good gameDev had a strong creative geniusYet not a strong social geniusDev's not deving these days.
,Recommended,250580,8215254,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,I like collars on my woman,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,250580,9038992,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Neurotic Wolf,"For those of you thinking this game has a campaign like doom or quake, your wrong, it has a level to level layout and insta-death features.  Its one of those survival for as long as possible games.  Its still really good, fun, and I cant wait to play this co-op."
,Recommended,250580,8211589,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Xirce,"This game is still in development, I think, but so far, it's pretty neat.It's...nice. Good. 7 out of 10 I guess.Butts"
,Recommended,250580,8222210,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sakura J Lim,"i can see the potential,needs quite a bit of work, weapons, and many more options required to make this game good but its an early access system. i can see this becoming very good."
,Recommended,250580,8865154,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,2StepInMidair,"One of the best ""roguelikes"" out there on Steam, if you wanna call it a roguelike. Its random elements keep the gameplay alive, and switching up the classes makes for a new experience every time you play. My only problem is that I play my games on a laptop, and from the second level on, I get SERIOUS framerate issues, a result of the ninja enemy (they generate a ton of voxels when they disappear). It would definitely be nice to get some more optimization options for low-end gamers. Otherwise, this is a fantastic game so far. Keep up the good work, SpooderW!"
76561198041096154,Recommended,250580,8955801,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,The Worst Ever,"Like Rouge-likes? Like Shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥ LIke a challenge? Like Good Games???Paranautical Activity is what you like.Arcade style shooter that makes me hard.I mean, it's hard. Because it is difficult...Shut up and buy it already!"
76561197996649569,Recommended,250580,8964581,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Heli-Vets!!,This game is an excellent fps version of binding of isaac. I love the simplicity and action!
,Recommended,250580,8216934,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Arnval,Good game.
,Not Recommended,250580,20039067,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bowser,Eh. Don't bother. Not fast enough.
,Recommended,250580,15540366,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,the salt lord,a fun game is a fun game buy it
,Recommended,250580,9405253,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dr.jaws,possibly one of the greatest rogue likes on the market. the game is sort of a first person binding of isaac that plays like doom.
,Not Recommended,250580,35218381,Posted: 26 September,all,cinaps,"There are too many good roguelites on steam for the same price or cheaper to warrant playing this boring, vapid, shallow, low effort game. Go buy Tower of guns, Ziggurat, Barony, or really any other first person roguelite, and you'll probably have more fun. I may have changed my mind if I had played more, but I won't because I returned it, because if the first 100 minutes are trash, it's probably trash."
,Recommended,250580,14526735,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Saint Satan,"First impressions (2.5 hours played):  One of the better rogue-likes on Steam.  It's pretty much Binding of Isaac mixed with first person shooter.  Fast paced, intenese, and hard as ♥♥♥♥.  It still needs a bit of work and more things to do though."
,Not Recommended,250580,12023658,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Dolly,"-OH WOW THIS REVIEW HAS HAD MORE ITERATIONS THAN FINAL FANTASY MAYBE YOU SHOULD READ IT IN ITS ENTIRETY-Developers are rude and insulting to their customers, and the game is slowly picking up bugs when it should be losing them.The game itself is really quite enjoyable for people who're into fast-paced arena-shooter type games, although it doesn't have the replay value of most action-roguelikes such as The Binding of Isaac.I'd give it a 7/10, although considering the attitude of the developers, the lying about features, and the increasing incompetence of the game's coding, I would regrettably have to advise against purchasing this.EDIT: As of October 2014 the dev team seem to be stepping up on taking community feedback and listening to the playerbase's concerns. I may change this review to recommend the game if this continues.EDIT the Second: I'd advise you to not buy this game as of late October 2014, as you literally cannot purchase it any longer. Thanks SpooderW.EDIT the Third: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it's back, let's see where it goes from here."
,Not Recommended,250580,17119532,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Monsieur-Owly,"Steam description : ""Paranautical Activity combines the classic FPS action of games like Doom and Quake, with the randomness and difficulty of modern roguelikes like Binding of Isaac and Spelunky.""Now where is the Doom part and the Quake part because I didn't see any! The game plays more like a slow paced modern shooter than a fast paced old-school shooter. The shooting feels bland. The randomized rooms feel repetitive. Also, strafing and jumping feel kinda clunky. Just on par with other crappy so called ""old-school"" indie FPS such as Rogue Shooter and Wrack.Aside from that, there is at least one thing Paranautical Activity is good at : heating my graphic card like crazy...If you're in need of some modern FPS with an old-school feeling made by indie developpers give a chance to one of these games :-Hard Reset (2011)-Serious Sam BFE (2011)-Shadow Warrior (2013)-Eldritch (2013)-Tower of Guns (2014)-Ziggurat (2014)Gabe Newworld did a great job for getting rid of this atrocity from the Steam store. Too bad it came back to haunt the living as a ""Deluxe Edition"" because I am now experiencing ""paranormal activity"", not Paranautical Activity...Rating :2.0"
,Not Recommended,250580,14568586,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Benperson,"unbalanced, mismatched, and unfair game, i bought this because i love old school shooters and rouglike games so this game was an easy choice but when i started it up i died within 5 seconds. Okay... ill try again and realized that this game can be incredibly unfair espicially with the shark enemies that not only travel faster than all the characters, but the fact you literally have to stare straight down to shoot them kinda takes away the fun. This game does shooting and movement very well similar to quake 3 but its rooms are crammed with so much stuff  i cannot freeley move 3 feet without knowing EXACTLY how the room is set up. The weapons are also poorly matched with the stats on the characters, are not fun to use, and frankly useless with more interesting characters locked behind ridiculous challenges that only a die hard fan of a $10 arcade game ( probably not common ) can achieve, developer is also a jerk so yeah, don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,250580,30181520,Posted: 25 February,all,Komakozeee,GOD F NO this game is AWFUL they made the controls unresponsive and not fun to use when you press was or d it has momentum and you have to build it up and lose it so its not enjoyable playing a bullet hell -_- the items are not interesting and they are not explained nor is there a decent wiki to help figure things out like the binding of isaac or gungeon or something like that this game was decent now its AWFUL and F the developer my god.
,Recommended,250580,23427539,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,IT'S OVER,"Good, fast, jump n shoot gameplay! great for anyone interested in games similar to Nuclear throne, The binding of isaac, and enter the gungeon."
76561198143435433,Not Recommended,250580,15313309,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Doctor Bourbon,"I tried, I really did, but through all my failed attmepts it has come clear that i just cant reccomend this. its nothing more than a game aimed at youtubers an endurance test of sorts. Dont buy this unless you have the intent to record and share otherwise you'll be so frustrated with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t insta deaths from homing shots you could'nt possibly dodge. 5/10 meh"
,Not Recommended,250580,17700364,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sandoitchi,no
,Recommended,250580,23356021,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,pizzanui,"Like The Binding of Isaac, but an FPS. Honestly, I'm not a major fan, though I certainly see the appeal. It looks meh, but the action is pretty fast-paced and interesting. Still, I can't see myself picking it up again when there are so many better games out there you could play instead. If you want something like this but better, try The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (2D top-down dungeon crawler) or Eldritch (3D FPS stealth dungeon crawler)"
,Recommended,250580,10183329,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ants in my eyes johnson,"uhm... if minecraft and binding of issac had a baby , it'd be this. make of that what you will."
,Recommended,250580,8499806,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Voden,"Great game! Hard as hell, but great!"
76561198051879775,Recommended,250580,10247912,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jhawk ❤,real fun but real hard. not for babys but for anyone who wants a challange.
,Not Recommended,250580,8515180,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ChadRocxz,"I cant even play it lags so badly it took me about 10 minutes to get out of the first elevator, so i cant play. I cant believe i wasted three dollars on this junk, it doesnt even work. I cant shoot or anything because it goes slow. I want a refund because they stole my money they made me pay three dollars for a game that doesnt even work!!!"
,Recommended,250580,10268665,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,OwlEyes,great game
,Not Recommended,250580,16918409,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Red,"Game survived Gaben's ban hammer. 10/10 -IGNAll jokes aside though, there is variety in items, guns, enemies, unlockables, etc. But it all gets repetetive after a while. What I also didn't like is the fact that if you don't get a good gun/item 'till the 6th floor and have a bad superweapon, you're f*cked. I had a really tough time with gaanguses only because I had a crossbow and a cannon, and it ruined and lost the run for me. The only thing that kept me playing for 15+ hours was unlocking themystery manand playing him, just so I can evade having a run where I'm like ""Oh, I'm the tank now, better get some speed and damage ups!"". The deluxe atonement edition is definitely better, but the game still needs some tweaks, updates, and with some luck, even new items/weapons. At this point you're gonna have approx. 30-40 hours at this game if you want to get all of the unlockables including the infinite mode. This game has very much potential, too bad the former developer team left it to rot."
,Not Recommended,250580,15060828,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,PurpleXVI,"This game fails on pretty much every level.Firstly, the concept: It's basically a bullet-hell game in-first person, giving you an incredibly poor idea of where you are in relation to all the projectiles that are incoming from every angle and making it distressingly common that you sidestrafe into an obstacle, get stuck and eat a face full of projectile salvo.Secondly, the graphical/UI design: Pretty much everything that isn't a projectile is the same colour of shadowy gray-ish mess, meaning that about the only way to spot enemies is their glowing eyes(when they have them), which are obscured by the helpful volleys of glowing projectiles all over the damn place.Thirdly, it's a high-paced, dodging-heavy shooter... in a game where every single area is a cramped cube often further obstructed by stairs and similar. This one should speak for itself.And then there are just all the gameplay issues. For instance, on the third level I encounter a melee-attacking boss who moves so fast that even at constant sprint away from him, even bunny-hopping, he constantly catches up with me and hits me. There's literally no way to avoid damage, hitting him doesn't slow him down, Nothing does. Your only hope of beating him is that your damage output and soaking ability beats his, which is entirely down to what pickups you've been lucky enough to get.Did anyone ever playtest this? Or did they just slap a bunch of things together and go: ""FAST-PACED MUSIC. PIXEL ARTSTYLE. IT'S A WINNER.""?The music's pretty nice, though, so there is that.(Also why would you saddle one of the playable options with a melee weapon when every single enemy is either charging towards you to make its own melee attacks or constantly vomiting bullets? It's impossible to use it without taking damage.)"
,Recommended,250580,8660484,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kanye West,doomcraft 2: fall of rapture... + stuff that is like rouge
,Recommended,250580,10081181,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,AMB 10,"Fast, fun, smooth, and pretty, albeit too lean for its own good, Paranautical Activity is a fusion of old-school FPS and the ever-popular roguelike genre. Having a speedy, arcade-style shooter in a day and age where slow and steady is the way to go is always a welcome sight. The controls are confusing at first, given that the only way to learn them is through the launcher's configuration menu, but once you've got them down the game leaves you to your own designs. The rooms themselves are simple, having stairs, pits, tunnels, exploding barrels, and/or lava, but the types of enemies and number of them are just right to give the player a balance of control and chaos, while staying fresh each time around. There's also a lineup of high-octane Drum and Bass songs to run while you play, although they're knd of grating, and sometimes you get a few seconds of silence while the tracks are switching.While the combat in Paranautical Activity is great, the loadouts you get are rather disappointing. You choose package that includes a primary weapon with infinite ammo, a secondary weapon with limited ammo, and a number of stats including health, speed, and damage, although the concept of loadouts like this isn't exactly a nice one. There are no RPG elements either, aside from the various buffs and weapons you find in the game proper, so permadeath sets you back at square one. This isn't a big problem, but it really limits the replay value once you hit the difficulty curve.And from here inlies the biggest problem with Paranautical Activity: it feels very lean. Almost unfinished. There isn't much in the way of sound design, and despite the gorgeous visual style, particle system, and lighting, the game suffers from a lot of emptiness, even for a roguelike. After about an hour and a number of deaths, you feel like you've seen everything this game has to offer. Games like Binding of Issac have a plot and a sense of humor to keep you hooked. Games like Rogue Legacy have broad RPG elements and randomized perks to keep you hooked. This game doesn't really have anything. Even unlockable weapons would be welcome.Paranautical Activity is a good game with moments of real fun, and it scratches an itch that modern FPS games outright refuse to scratch. I want more out of this game, but it wears out on you about an hour in. If you and your wallet can justify an hour's worth of  gameplay that's fun and unique, then by all means pick up this game. It's an exercise in genre hybridization, but also in missed potential."
,Recommended,250580,14490095,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Behemoth,"Got banned by Gabe Newell,Came back and Rocked!If you are a Fan of Roguelike games or  Binding of isaac.This one is a must have, Its fun, Its Challenging. and its Addicting."
,Not Recommended,250580,15736032,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,the-simian,Absolute garbage. Same crappy techno music plays the entire game. Poor play control. Nearly impossible difficulty curve.
76561198072532343,Recommended,250580,22057720,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SKIDDY PAP PAP BOOM BOOM SKRRA,I my favorite part is when i killed myself
,Recommended,250580,14442274,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Diddly Diddly Doo Jew,"Amazing game, used to play it all the time, and at that point I was pretty much playing on a potato. Unfortunately, the (possibly hundreds) of hours I've played this don't show up since I had no internet at the time, but now that the Deluxe Atonement Edition has dropped, and I have an actual computer, I feel like I might be sinking a lot of time into this game."
76561198059869204,Not Recommended,250580,14454752,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Swagatar,"pretty much nothing changed with the new ""Delux Atonement Edition"". The devs are still neglecting the game."
,Recommended,250580,23441779,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,codythedragon,Decent game needs alot more playtesting to be above decentthe snail bosses roll is undodgeablei am all for difficulty but when difficulty exist for what feels like a generic reason like impossible to dodge attacks it takes away from the game to me so it's good when it works but some parts show a serious lack of competent playtesting but overall for the $1.99usd i got this game on sale for it's not horrible it just needs a little bit of fine tuning and difficulty settings would be nice as well difficulty i never did like random spiking difficultyI am not here to say buy or don't buy that is up to you what i will say is turning that FOV all the way up that might help with boss fights but as for me with the FOV at 90 the snails rolling attack was just impossible to dodge the devs could correct this with a sidestep feature or a dodge roll of sorts
,Recommended,250580,8913956,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Sobler,Awesomesauce!
76561198043200074,Recommended,250580,7989330,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,"Micheal, K.",Yes.
,Recommended,250580,23968930,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Barry the Bounty Hunter,Enter the Gungeon 3D!
,Recommended,250580,9023028,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,私は男性が好きです,L is for Laughing this game is completly and stupidly satisfying and will make you ROFL while you spam with your weaponsO is for ongoing the game seems to go forever and is incredibly hatd to get to the next levelL is for love you will love this game if you love old school shooters and arcade type gamesif you get the coupon it is well worth buying.
76561198065868537,Recommended,250580,32577649,Posted: 19 June,all,Rickthebanana,"While slightly broken this game is insanely difficult and fun! love the time pressure per level, and the variety of rooms 10/10"
,Recommended,250580,8235669,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Morbid Fable,"Game is quite linear but really shines in many areas. It's face paced shooting really gives it an edge, expecially with the limited ammount of lives every shot counts and you've got to time everything. The game has some really nice animations, but a few could use some work. The game is an early access game and doesnt have all its features. I honestly believe that if you enjoy face paced, first person shooters that bring you to the edge of your seat then I reccomend this. It's a classic FPS with great features that you can really enjoy."
,Not Recommended,250580,19919526,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Counter-Chicken,"Not being worked on anymore, since the developer decided to send Gabe Newell death threats on twitter. It's not very good in it's current state anyway."
,Recommended,250580,10464707,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Mister Espurr,"Despite the fact that the developers are missing more than a few screws and threatened the mighty Gaben, it's still a half decent game. The Achievements are kind of broken, but still."
,Recommended,250580,14471314,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Rex Powercunt,"WOAH WOAH WOAH, THIS GAME IS BACK!?!?!?!?!?!? HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ AS THE GODS PREDICTED!!!"
,Not Recommended,250580,30249792,Posted: 28 February,all,DoctorChocolate,"Everything is bad, right down to the MS paint style box art."
76561198071356805,Recommended,250580,12489800,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Count Kledof,"If you enjoy action games, roguelikes, permadeath, hardcore or even just casually killing things in a game, buy this."
,Recommended,250580,12568318,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,WWEdeadman,"If The Binding of Isaac was a FPS it would be this game. Paranautical Activity is a procedurally generated, ""Rogue-like"", shooter. It's fast paced, similar to old Doom or Quake games, and has incredible replay-value, as probably expected from a roguelike. Especially the last patch, which added a progression system and 3 different play modes, added a ton of replayability. It's absolutely one of my favorite games ever."
76561198098947005,Recommended,250580,12499629,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Medook,It was ok.ever since the new update my hopes are high for more stuff in the next update but its a fun game.
76561198035896324,Not Recommended,250580,17539364,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,GalvanizedDreamer(ShadowRunner),"If this was the pre-death-threats-to-GabeN version of this game, I would tell you to buy it immmidately, but that is no longer the case. The game at some point had an update that added two things that ruined the game for me: Slipery movement, and cringe-worty in-game achievements.By slipery movement, I mean that when you let go of the movement key, you keep moving about a foot untill you stop. 1 Foot may not seem like much, but being that platforms and catwalks are only about 6-feet accross in this game, it ain't a pleasant feature. Couple that with one third of the framerate of Minecraft (I can run MC at 60, this game at 25, dropping down into single digits) and you have a very rage-inducing combo.Cringe-worth eh? Padded: Tampon picture, Heh Heh Heh: 69, ParaNUT, stupid pun, you get the idea. Now that I look at it, I'm nitpicking at the names, but answer me this: Why did the game need achievements in the first place? Is such a short (Per playthrough) game not interesting enough without them?IMO; Get one of these instead, they both are far better games:http://store.steampowered.com/app/266110/AND/ORhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/211260/"
,Not Recommended,250580,18703836,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,jayxan,Dont waste your money. Get tower of guns.
,Not Recommended,250580,26137387,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,zimmer550king,"Serious game design issues. Plus the menu gives a really bad impression. The game has none of the rogue-like fast-paced feel at all that it should have. Art design is really good, so far the only weapon I was able to play with was the shotgun, the rest are literally useless."
76561198083705163,Not Recommended,250580,11517089,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Brutal Deluxe,I feel robbed
,Not Recommended,250580,14452355,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Prince of Eros,"This game is by no means a terrible game and to be honest, the price isn't unreasonable either.  But the reason I can't recommend is simply because while the game's over all mechanics are fairly solid it just feels very...well, soulless.The rooms are random and yet despite this fact due to their basic architecture you'll still somehow feel like you've been through the same dungeon a thousand times over.  While the voxel graphics aren't terrible the enemies still come feeling like they were designed using the most bare minimum of artistic design.Essentially, after pouring in an hour you're going to feel like you've seen almost everything the game has to offer."
76561198045287331,Recommended,250580,8057236,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Peeved Penguin,The best game about killing nazi ninjas on a nazi hell ship out there.
76561198094122016,Recommended,250580,34096868,Posted: 7 August,all,Scarecrow Daemon,"Very entertaining and envigourating experience! This unique game is a fast paced shooter that will keep players on the edge of their seats as they savour every kill! If you are a fan of action, fast paced thrills, and true challenge, this game is a MUST for you!"
76561198003729995,Recommended,250580,33982915,Posted: 2 August,all,=(e)=™ The Hessian,"I must admit, what initially drew me to Paranautical Activity was the name. I don't know what it means, but it sounds cool. In terms of gameplay, picture Minecraft, but with guns and bombs and samurai swords, flying skulls, spiders, bats and sharks all trying to kill you, and add a drums and bass/dubstep soundtrack. That's Paranautical Activity in a nutshell. The way the game works however, is that on each floor, there's a number of randomly-generated rooms with random enemies in them. Kill the boss on each floor to advance, but here's the catch. If you die, you start at the very beginning. Now, this makes PA more punishing than some other games, but I suppose it's niche is for people who enjoy the grind, or the process of constantly dying. While I don't personally have the patience for such a game, it's actually entertaining, but above all intense. The run and gun aspect of the game makes it incredibly fast-paced, and were it not for dying and restarting from square one over and over, I think I could easily keep playing Paranautical Activity. Overall Score: 8.5/10"
76561197985267228,Not Recommended,250580,23605248,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ScaryDoor,"This game is atrocious.  Why was it allowed back on Steam?  I played for less than 15 minutes, and it gave me a headache and sent me running to Steam for a refund.  $2 is far too much to spend on this junk."
,Recommended,250580,12584283,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,fing casual,"A lot of fun, but I feel they tuned the difficulty up a bit high on more recent patches (some of the new MOBs are challenging for a number of starting weapon types.)But yes, fun!"
,Recommended,250580,12585314,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,I miss bamzookie,"This game is getting a lot of hate because people dont understand the meaning of early access. This game is an FPS rouge game with hours upon hours of replayablility. It also has different gamemodes for casual  and calm playing to a fast paced one for all types of player.Everyone has different tastes in games but if you want to pay to have fun in a game, definitely a good buy.A spooky 9/10"
,Recommended,250580,22191203,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DoubleDogg6,"Here's how a recent session went for me:SpawnedWent to first room.Jumped for the entirety of the rooms fight, and won.Did this (^) for the entire floor and went to floor two.Rinse and repeat until floor three.Rinse and repeat until floor four.Walk into first room of four floor with full health.Did the same old same old.Saw these jumpy ceiling monsters.Stopped jumping, stopped moving.Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by monsters.Died.10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by jumpy ceiling monsters again."
,Recommended,250580,12505666,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Racookitty2 [PieNinjaPR],"The Game was AMAZING FUN, with lots of random stuff and great gameplay, then the update came out, adding half the games weight of new stuff and now i LOVE IT! I reccommend it, it is a very good game."
76561198059846762,Not Recommended,250580,8671041,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,FUDD,This game kinda sucks! lol
,Not Recommended,250580,15615111,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with activity
,Recommended,250580,8164325,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Knightwalker,Get this game now!! Sick music and Co-op is on it's way!
,Recommended,250580,12563261,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Call of Dew: Advanced Doritos,"This game is incredibly difficuly, yet highly addictive. (don't walk into the black holes in the floor)"
76561198024073874,Recommended,250580,12559713,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Linston,"This game is basically the FPS version of Binding of Isaac but it's also on steroids. It is so addictive taht you won't stop til you get to the 7th floor and beat the game. There are so many power ups that you wanna get just so you can see what they do. So many weapons, enemies, bosses, upgrades, and tons more. This game always has me on the edge of my seat no matter how many times I play it. And this is a warning to all of you who buy this game. As soon as you choose your character and click that select button and walk out of that elevator, you never know what you're gonna get from this game. Good Luck to you all."
,Not Recommended,250580,7778790,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,A Spooky Ghost,"At the time of this review, while the game is still in early access, there's a laundry list of issues with lighting, movement, sound, and how the level generator makes and populates your killing grounds. It has a lot of potential that will probably never be fulfilled because the devs are extraordinarily dismissive of critique to the point of abandoning their reddit and steam forum and designating 'lucky' volunteers to send them 'select' posts."
76561197970708144,Not Recommended,250580,12434537,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,resiseven7,"I saw a review of this game, and it looked cool. A FPS dungeon crawler with randomly generated floors and rooms. Sounds awesome! Then you changed the game. Picking classes at the beginning kills the suspense of not knowing what weapon you start off with. I died randomly at many occasions. Terrible default controls. Shift to change weapons? What?  And one class (Forgot the name) has a gun that fires spikeballs and a scythe that you can throw. Once one run out of ammo for the spikeball gun, using the scythe makes all the enemies (including the bosses) impossible because they move too fast. This is really sad because I can see a game like this being amazing but it just doesn't work. Of course the game is only in Early Access, so in the future the game might be better. But I can't recommend this game right now."
,Recommended,250580,23535716,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,YouTube/Kire667,Got this on sale for under $2. So worth it even if it were $5.The game is a random generated map every restart. First person shooter mixed with elements of dungeon crawlers where you earn gold to unlock upgrades. But nothing is kept between restarts. Only for as long as you can live.Imagine Binding of Issac is it were good enough to be in 3D. Occulus makes it that much more intense.
,Recommended,250580,34462460,Posted: 24 August,all,YungMustashe,Интерессная игра. Жаль из стима выпилили.Пользуясь случаем предлагаю вам купить аккаунт с этой игрой. Писать в лс.А так вообще 6 гранатомётов из 10
,Not Recommended,250580,26333210,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Reza Qin,Its an ok roguelike.
76561198085147034,Recommended,250580,29835818,Posted: 10 February,all,Cpt.Vaporwave,it fun..hard...i got mad..but kept playing...GET DIS GAME NAO
,Recommended,250580,31350001,Posted: 24 April,all,Tularean,it's okay
76561198060897854,Not Recommended,250580,23777400,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Da G Man,"Save your money, not worth a dollar let alone 10."
76561198103046019,Not Recommended,250580,8050630,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,steelshield1,"Unfortunately in it's current state I cannot recommend this game. I liked doom and while this kinda mirrors that games concept it does not reach it's potential. It needs a overhaul in all departeemnets. I like the graphics, but they still need depth texturing and rendering in order for a decent amount of valid perception. The lighting however is great. The sound is what really disrupts it's plaaaaayability. The music is annoying and needs different tracks with ambience. Also needs gamepad aassimilation and a story campaign.Basiclly the game needs a complete restructuring with the same lighting and graphics style with enhanced texturing and shadows."
,Not Recommended,250580,26503131,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,Just dont
,Recommended,250580,12585888,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,very fun; like an fps binding of isaac with quake shooting
76561198069653718,Recommended,250580,33475591,Posted: 12 July,all,Command,It's fun. Ghost is BS. 9.7466893234304780976039746058947503987635097675/10
,Not Recommended,250580,12279749,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"Apparently the developer has decided against being original and fun and implemented a ghost, so I can no longer even support a pretense of recommendation."
,Recommended,250580,33930052,Posted: 31 July,all,Dallons,eeeeeeh its okay
,Recommended,250580,10042928,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,pants,shootin pixels
,Recommended,250580,33581584,Posted: 16 July,all,Renin,Fun game with cool item system
,Recommended,250580,12261641,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,BattleSnacks,Developer threatened to kill Gaben.10/10
,Not Recommended,250580,7820254,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Shaq_Daddy,do not get this game it is so♥♥♥♥♥♥it is the worst game in the history of fps gaming in pixel form.do not buy save your money.
,Not Recommended,250580,26134358,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,RichardB,"Ugly garbage. Don't buy. If you already accidentally bought it, don't install. If you already accidentally installed it, don't play."
76561198070722121,Not Recommended,250580,33121234,Posted: 2 July,all,insanityscribe,eh
,Not Recommended,250580,23354083,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TheGrimmeReaper,.
,Recommended,250580,10572261,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Denny PRIME,"This is a wonderful, devious game, made to emulate old school shooters like Quake Arena and Unreal Tournament. The setting of a sunken(?), haunted(?) Nazi ship is very unique, one which I've never seen before, and enemies are bizarre and in some cases disturbing.I have yet to beat the game due to it's difficulty. It starts off nice and slow with giant demons and landsharks, but eventually you're fighting ninjas, flaming skulls, and numerous other creatures, each with their own attack patterns and annoying things you have to deal with about them.There are 5 characters to pick from, each offering a different suite of pros and cons, and each with different playstyles. There's David Bowie, with his powerful crossbow and revolver, Dy-no-mite, with his short range arsenal of a grenade launcher and a katana, Giliad, with his fast firing machine gun and laser, my personal favorite, Gorton, wielding an immensely powerful sickle and a gun that shoots homing explosives, and finally the tank, who deals with how slow he is with massive amounts of health and astonishing firepower.The gameplay is adrenal, not as much as something like Hotline Miami or Super Hexagon, but still very gripping and exciting, and I found myself physically tense several times while playing. Take this as a good or bad thing, but the game is intense for sure.The powerups are many and varied, although it does not tell you what they do a lot of the time, and the enemies, as I stated before, can be simply chilling, especially the bosses. Going through that red door, I have faced everything from a floating skull with spiders pouring out of it's mouth to a nazi chainsaw murderer, all of which were tough in their own way. Some bosses have special items that you get when they die, and it makes you really happy when a boss with the item you need comes up. This being a roguelite, that might not happen often, as the levels are procedurally generated.The game will throw a variety of non-enemy obstacles at you, making the game far more intense. These gamechangers include swinging blades, lava floors, and low light levels, which might not seem very hindering until it happens.The voxel graphics may be a turn off for some, but I found that I liked them a lot most of the time, and it added a level of uniqueness in it's visuals, along with the amazing lightshow caused by the projectiles and some of the enemies in the darker levels, that made the game all the better.There are a few things I dislike about this game, from getting stuck under stairs, some glitchyness, and a few annoying enemies, but this being an early access game, I expect that those will be ironed out at some point.10/10 as an early access game, 9/10 as a full game."
76561198079288710,Recommended,250580,10769719,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,PlatinumPlum,like the binding of isaac but with guns and 3d graphics
,Recommended,250580,10633983,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bob Kjetil,Great game
,Not Recommended,250580,10777730,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,anbusamuri,I even bought this on sale and it was still a waste of the money I spent. Noghting about this game feels right. From the movement to the shooting it all feels off.
,Not Recommended,250580,4275507,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Legåtus,"Told everyone they would do Co-op. They lied. No buyers remorse because I had my share of fun with the title, but I won't be expecting anything from the devs again."
,Recommended,250580,10814988,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mr. Timéstámp-é,"While others dislike this game because of the lack of updates and the poor feature discontinuation of the devlopers, I personally enjoy this game, although I am very very disapointed at their discontinuation of the multiplayer (Thats why you don't announce a feature until AFTER you confirm in your ability to be able to create it). From the very excellent gameplay to the fun and varied bosses that you encounter.NOTE: This review will change as the game changes, this review is as of 1.8PROS:+ Classic FPS gameplay that you've come to love including Doom and Quake, with over 10 upgrades and fast paced action that many people crave, and NON REGENERATING HEALTH! YES!+ The game is randomly generated and thus there are thousnads of possibilities for level layouts which is actually done really well, with every corner you turn being completley surprising. With over 50 differnt room enviroments its hard to see the same rooms twice on the same floor.+ There are many different bosses that you encounter with over 10 in the game, each with their own moves which are pretty insane to watch, with balls of glowing lime green light flying everywhere as you attempt to dodge them with precise movement, just hoping it will die shortly.+ Variety is a strong point in this game, with many many enemy types and each room having a random layout of enemy in every room, each enemy has its own attack patterns with ninjas that teleport to you in a blaze of white voxel blocks to sharks that dive into the floor leaching up onto you after they swim.CONS:(Unfortinutley this game)+ The music is boring a repedative with only a small handful of tracks that all sound the same.+ The game has its fair share of glitches (Doors closing before you walk into them causing you to be stuck) But it is early access so I can cut it some slack+ The developers have no clue what the hell they want in this game, from discontinuing multiplayer to saying updates would come quickly and sadly have come at a crawl.+ The level's appearance doesnt change often enough (the first 5 levels use the same wall texture and gets bland and tidious after a while) And the bosses aren't really seen as bosses as nothing happens when you enter the room it just spawns and a health bar appears, a nice boss spawning track or some sound effects would really help.+ Movement doesn't feel right, the lack of bobbing correctly to the very slow walking speed at the start doesn't work well with a game that depends on fast paced movementOVERALL:This game does have plenty of falws in it from glitches and the lazy developers but I keep coming back to this game, why? Because, its fun gameplay, great level layout and enemy variety really makes this game fun to me. I recomend only getting this game if it goes on sale in its current state, because currently it is a very fun game but there isn't enough variety from its very huge variety to make it worth it."
,Recommended,250580,10810029,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Chocolate Mike,More cowbell
76561198081156049,Recommended,250580,10520407,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,WIII ~ esque,first person isaac. nuff said
,Recommended,250580,10511745,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,giraffe,This game is great fun. It is like The Binding of Isaac but in FPS form.
,Recommended,250580,10506041,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Peng,♥♥♥♥ing lovely.
,Recommended,250580,9307947,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,happykillin,gud game
76561198084423684,Recommended,250580,9312883,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Skeletor,frikin awesoxme burger!
,Recommended,250580,9334256,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Burn The False Mickey,A quaint little game somewhere between The Binding of Isaac and Doom including the phenomonal levels of difficulty. And ya know its got a great soundtrack and graphics but who cares about those right? Me....
,Not Recommended,250580,9365024,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bakkensota,"Not Recommended.Got this for playing a gun game retrostyle. Was expecting a long game filled with awesomeness.Instead was extremely short, not that great, corny, way to simple/easy defeat/completion."
,Recommended,250580,9630240,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,TheHeadlessMonk,"A very nice game, it has a doom feel with roguelike aspects. I highly recommend this game but it has a huge difficulty curve."
,Recommended,250580,9664523,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,And I'm Javert,One of the only Early Access games I'd recommend. Despite being in beta it has enough content and fast paced action to keep you busy for dozens of hours.
,Recommended,250580,9675638,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,GenSpeedkill,i reccemend this game because its a really cool game thats it
76561197976402798,Not Recommended,250580,9695516,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,KeepGodOutOfSeattle,"Game lacks polish. Mouse acceleration is terrible on all settings.  Like old school Doom but without the fun.  Limited weapons, limited rooms, occasionally limited doors allowing continuation of the game.Terrible dev support.  Promised multiplayer (and more!) patch for Feb pushed back to March 15th now pushed back indefinately with no ETA.  Do not support this game.  You won't want to play it anyways..."
,Recommended,250580,10282579,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Coco Butter Is Key,"Pretty fun, overall uneventful though.  Gets a bit repetitive, but one of a kind."
,Recommended,250580,10355361,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Cryo_,"I highly reccomend this game to people who just love the binding of isaac; this is the binding of isaac in 3D and more fast-paced and with a nice soundtrack5/5 stars, would buy again"
76561198089461443,Recommended,250580,10360459,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Wor,this game is fun its not bad and now is a good time to get it it has just got more BA with this now update
76561198044949456,Recommended,250580,11046855,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Quality Queen,How can you say no to a first-person binding of Isaac!
,Recommended,250580,10859333,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Amrasco,"Very fun! Intense action, highly reflexive shooter.If you like quick reflex shooters where you move all crazy-fast (think Unreal Tournament) and you like rogue-likes such ad Binding of Isaac or Risk of rain then you might really like this.However! Do not be fooled by the early-access label, as it has become quite clear that updates are no longer planned to be implemented.So watch the video and expect to get what you see, this is a great get-in-play-get-out game that you can fit into just about any timeframe."
76561198091439888,Recommended,250580,11188155,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ItsTrydamere,The only reason I got this game was because I got a vouvher from Sleeping Dogs for it.I'm so glad it did. This game is fun and easily addictive. I would recomend it :D
76561198000358833,Not Recommended,250580,11041833,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The Cider King,"Not good. At all. Even if the devs cared enough to finish it, it would be a bad finished product. There are no redeeming factors of this game, trust me."
76561198056967285,Not Recommended,250580,11340767,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Japer83,"Well, to be honest I am a bit divided about this game.  I really wanted to reccommend it to everyone, it looked and functioned for the most part how I expected it would.  A simple, pixelated shooter with Rogue like elements.  That being said..the developers promised multiplayer multiple times.  I bought into this game rather late into it's development.  However it was promised on Steam, and judging by various Forum posts it was promised elsewhere as well.  However, it is not just the Multiplayer that detracts from this game for me.  It's just not that fun..well, at all after awhile.  The challenge overides the novelty of it all and even though a rogue-like seems fun..it doesn't quite add up.  Progressing a level or two, getting killed and then reset all the way back to the beginning can be a bit annoying.  Not just that though, I mean there is no story to the game which for the most part is barebones as it is.  The developers have also been agressive towards player criticism in the past..never a good sign when you can't take criticism.  2 out of 5."
,Not Recommended,250580,11268999,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Chunks,"Bought the game full price to have the ability to play co-op with a friend at a later date. Those dreams have been long dead by now. Don't get me wrong. It's an ok game. Just, it's definitley not worth the 10$ price tag."
76561198025613632,Recommended,250580,3651192,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Very Vivacious Venomancer,A great game.  Especially if you liked Binding of Isaac.
,Not Recommended,250580,21890491,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kinix,"Paranautical Activity ReviewFor me: 7/10 For others 3/10Let's just be honest right off the bat: you might not like this game. It's not nearly as replayable as other roguelikes, maybe 20 hours at most. it's very repetetive, which is something I personally am okay with, but many people aren't. The power ups aren't interesting, the gameplay is pretty good, even if it's just strafing in a circle for every boss or room, dodging is annoying especially with homing shots. for homing shots, the only way to dodge it is cling against the wall so the bullet flies into the wall. There are some things in the game that make it very laggy, making me rush to kill the boss before it lags too hard ( talking about the snail boss ). it's not well optimized for sure. But it's fun to play in my opinion! Like, it's almost literally binding of Isaac in FPS form! If you are fine with all these cons, then this game should be plenty fun for you!"
76561198093718584,Not Recommended,250580,20390769,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TheWarDrums,"Lacking content, replayability, and general enjoyability.  Definitely not worth the price tag.  Hundreds of better roguelikes out there, for sure."
,Recommended,250580,14587932,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SurgicalGlitch,10 out of 10. Would make death threats again.
,Recommended,250580,16224528,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,boosted monkey,Good game for refunding.
,Recommended,250580,7851882,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,snot,"fun take on the rougelike game in an fps style, still in beta but its like ace of spades mixed with binding of issac"
76561198059152864,Recommended,250580,7858984,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,dyHax,"Paranautical Activity is an excellent roguelike dungeon-crawling shooter, with simple humbling textures, and a charming implementation of voxels. This game's satisfaction, consisting of fighting off hordes of demonspawn, and cracking open phat lewts is only matched by that of the speed and finesse the player as they weave and blast their way through randomly generated rooms. All set to a spicy hardcore techno beat, valliantly played through the entire game.In addition to promised future updates, Paranautical Activity is absolutely worth the purchase to support its development. I personally await anxiously to play this game again in the future when I have a computer with enough hardware capacity to play this game without strong lag.8/10"
,Recommended,250580,7869746,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Cake,"Paranautical Activity is an amazing Roguelike Shooter filled with various items and mobs. Even tough is a voxel game, the enemies are always different and lights and lava and shots everywhere.It's still on beta, so be aware that everything is not 100% done and is subject to change.Some weapons are not that good, but If you find one you like, you can have fun.I would reccomend picking it up because it's fun in it's current state AND it's on beta, so it's cheaper and you can have your own opinion until the full game comes out."
,Recommended,250580,7871260,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The Riddler,"the second i started this game i knew this was going to be a game i will never beat. it is amazing and even though it feels early access its because it is. it may feel early access but it feels like a early access game that will grow to a higher point. this feels better than alot of first person shooters i have played before. since every time you play is different you will never be able to truly plan out ur attack, making you feel lost and helpless in this horrofying place."
,Recommended,250580,7890145,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Raxvar,"Binding of Isaac + Quake = Awesome. It somehow manages to make the blocky visual style actually look really good, and has great music as well. Get this game."
76561198097772151,Recommended,250580,9885160,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Nightshine,"This game's amazing and really worth buying and I don't get why people say it'd be a rip-off of The binding of Issac, i mean you can't simply call every game a rip-off of another game just because it's the same genre that wouldn't be fair. Anyway, really great fun to play and I really do hope thy can somehow come up with some kind of Co-op Mode that would be terrific!"
,Recommended,250580,9909252,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Jeremy VII,"This game is quite unique. It has a terrific soundtrack, retro/modern graphics combinedwith the rpg elements of choosing a character. The difficulty increases each time you move up a lvel in the elevator, which is good. Some of the enemies look like something out of doom, but then you have these random Jawas shooting fireballs at you and exploding dinosaurs. The bosses are even better, some so strange that you'll wonder where the inspiration for them came from. Another ineresting element to the game is the money system, in which you collect coins to buy various upgrades that can alter your speed, health and jumping abaility among other things. This game is great as it stands, but if you get it, somewhere along the lin co-op will be introduced, might be a long shot, but would only make it more fun."
76561198102157866,Recommended,250580,8826797,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Freedom Switch,"Absolutely love this game! It is fun, challenging, and leaves me glutton for punishment. I would highly recommend this to those that love a great challenge and arcade action."
,Recommended,250580,8637234,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Lerdi,Seriously a great fps the kind of which I didn't see in ages.It's fast it's fun it's paranautical!
,Recommended,250580,8639390,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,clint,like the binding of isaac on crack in first person
76561198069826139,Recommended,250580,8664708,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,turbopig19,"Picture the binding of issac combined with doom. Yeah, its really epic."
,Recommended,250580,8669085,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,YogPoz,A fun game with an amazing soundtrack
,Recommended,250580,8674839,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Dlutos,"I really enjoyed this gameThis game is great and fun, but at is current state mostof my friends and me wanted it to be a bit cheaper byabout 2 bucks or so, I am still glad i bought this gameand if you gfet the chance you, ge it, especially if youenjoyed binding of isaac, this game will get there butit will take longer because of the higher price."
,Recommended,250580,8699426,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,GuruLou,"Classic run fast, shoot fast, think fast arena action.  Variety of weapons and power ups is amusing and satisfying to collect.   Plays precisely the way a first person Rogue-like-like should, and was pretty much everything I wanted the Doom RL to be.  Soundtrack is hella solid and endorses the deucing of demons properly.    Execution of concepts is excellent.  Just, plain, fun."
,Recommended,250580,8703114,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"I am excited to see how the finished product turns out.  Even though this is an alpha/beta build with a good number of glitches.  I had a good time with the 6 hours I played it.The basic idea is that each level is sort of square built like Zelda on Nintendo (or more recently Binding of Isaac) where you get randomly generated levels, collect power ups, fight random bosses, and move to the next floor.  The twist is that it is a first person shooter with a lot of water based monsters/weapon/power up ideas.In its current state it is fun, but flawed as the monster curve through the levels generally out paces your power ups.  Most games end not through skill but an unfair situaiton, but I imagine those will be worked out over time.Anyone who played it during this alpha/beta phase knows that if you have a grenade launcher/no speed upgrades and you fight the chainsaw boss... just restart because your dead anyways.The power ups were fun and creative - at times I felt like I was playing a strange Quake Mod and other times it just funny.  The music is also energetic.A pretty cool game for the price - as of 1/14/2014 - I will revisit once the game has been fully updated and complete."
76561198006579440,Recommended,250580,8268146,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,doompa,HARD but fun
,Recommended,250580,8306297,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Khorasan,"This is a pretty fun game. Full of challenge, explosions, and pain. If you're good at twitch style FPS games you'll start out without much of a challenge at first but once you go up a few floors it really kicks it into high gear with the difficulty. It doesn't have a lot of bugs but it seems to lack some content. Too similar tiles, too few bosses, and a lack of enemy variety at first. If you like difficulty, the voxel style, and FPS arena shooters I'd recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,250580,8320086,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tavi Is Back You Guys,Literally a cross between DOOM and The Binding of Isaac.
76561198031252661,Recommended,250580,8325393,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Fingerbag,much rogueso scarefast-paced twitch-gaming amazevery recommendwow
,Recommended,250580,8328690,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Raincaller,"Super quick and super addicting FPS Roguelike that sadly lacks a save feature, but doesn't really matter cause the diffuculty will have you dying often. I hope I can find new classes, but so far the game is really fun. If you like FPS' and Roguelikes, its a must have."
,Recommended,250580,4117955,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,BABOONGA,The game's description says it all. It's pretty good and difficult. My only complaint is a slight lack of variety in the first couple of levels. Can't wait for the co-op to be added.
76561198063209888,Recommended,250580,8412183,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Unknown1,It's a fun game which you can spend hours a day playing even in beta :D
,Recommended,250580,8418640,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Feijãozinho,"Not a big fan of minecraft, but THIS IS A MUST BUY! The combo of The Binding of Isaac + Spelunky and few other games makes this game unique and intensely fun at the same time. Even better, there will be multiplayer soon. Summarizing, pick this title up."
76561198052990585,Recommended,250580,8471906,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ErectableRainbow,If you ever wanted to be almost instantly engrossed in ghost-fighting on a boat  with a killer whale this is the game for you. Tip strafe... a lot10/10 Would strafe again.
,Recommended,250580,8489752,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SlipWolf🐾,Old school FPS action.. checkPunishing.. checkRegenerating health.. uncheck (Thank god)Awesome sound track.. checkSolid gameplay.. checkEveryone throws in the Binding of Isaac refference (but I've never played the game.. and haven't played Spelunky yet either). $10 is a good price for this game and on sale for $3.06 is even better. 21 more hours left to get an absolute steal for your library. Buy this game no matter what though. (CO-OP should be awesome) Would love to see a level editor too!
76561198041863674,Recommended,250580,8505350,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,General_101,The game at the moment is lacking. This should be expected considering its state. Very fun game to kill time with a fair price. If you love classic games then this is for you.
,Recommended,250580,8802656,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Peeko,Its a great game. i refer to it as scout training because it helped me get better at scout in tf2. thats how good this game is.
76561198074944400,Recommended,250580,9508744,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,portalfan64,"This isn't a run and gun game. Its run, gun, and try not to die game. This was as if Dark Souls, Doom, and Binding of Isaac were thrown into a blender and this is the outcome. Its a really great shooter, it reminds of retro shooters where there is no regenerative health. The graphics are really cool, they have voxel like graphics which is really creative. It's also worth mentioning that when the enemies explode into items and red voxels which gives you the satistfaction of killing an enemy, and gets you pumped for more action (along with the door sounds opening when you clear a room). There is a HUGE variety of enemies and bossess as well, so won't get generic grunts all the time. The music is very awesome, it makes you pumped up and ready to kick some butt. The only problem is that there is barely any sound effects, the only sounds are doors opening, collecting items, and your weapon noises.Overall this game is really great and I highly recomend it."
,Not Recommended,250580,9588360,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Spice Weasel,I wouldnt reccomend it until they start actually putting out some updates.
76561198061333748,Recommended,250580,9160365,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,FailQuail_Justicar,"this game is amazing, but it NEEDS to at least have a 2 player mode. it gets very repetitive when you are all alone, and with two people it just may last longer."
76561198044824503,Recommended,250580,9411030,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,donkeybong,Fun if ya like old school shooters like quake doom ect with a rougelike prema death. just hoping they update it soon with content as of now every level feels the same as do the rooms on each level worth the buy on a steam sale at the moment i would not buy until another steam sale or they start updating with content
,Recommended,250580,16406017,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,KoolJohnKid (Old),"Brief reviewA first-person rogue-like voxel indie game. I haveNEVERseen anything like it! Overall, it is amazing. There's not much to say about it.Rating8/10Personally, I chose 8/10 because I'm not that much into rogue-like type games. Even though I know the game in general is worth a try.ProsIn-game achievments showcased over your HUDVoxel-based graphics style that will drop your jaw in Oculus VRConsA lot of weaponsA lot of enemiesDifficultRage-inducing"
,Recommended,250580,14804424,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DiscoRadio,"Politics aside, this is a great game. If you're a fan of rogulike design philosophy, this is a thrill!"
,Recommended,250580,14806933,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hostile,The Binding of Isaac + FPS = Paranautical Activity
,Not Recommended,250580,9419260,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,jimmosio,where is coop
,Recommended,250580,11112484,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Badger,"This game is a rouge like FPS its fun to jump on and have a go at it! The bosses are interesting and there are several classes for you to choose from with different weapons in each. The game is still technicly in ""Beta"" but it's prety much finished. The only thing that isn't in the game is Co-Op which is kinda dissapointing because I had it for a while and they promised it and it hasn't come yet. Either way it's verry enjoyable for some fast paced FPS action and I reccomend it!"
,Not Recommended,250580,11161049,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Todestrieb,"Originally advertised as eventually containing Co-Op play. Devs stated due to a coding oversight co-op would be impossible to implement. Game is okay but falls short of its sources: more haphazard than Doom, and less depth than Binding of Isaac. The kind of compromise I was planning on overlooking when I bought two copies expecting Co-Op to be implemented ever.Getting promised a prominent feature and then having it cut on the grounds that early access games may or may not change significantly makes me feel like I paid money for Carmageddon and got Nascar, and was expected not to mind the difference."
76561198037551658,Recommended,250580,7552523,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Anime_Warlord,THE GAME IS FUN TO PLAY AND IS VERY CHALLAGEING AT ITS BEST.
76561198093096882,Recommended,250580,7212692,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,fantaclaw,"New, cheep, nice creators, fun, not too difficult but not too easy that you can win first run through.How could you not enjoy it?"
,Recommended,250580,8035486,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,dozhx,Bought it and was not disappointed.
,Recommended,250580,8043227,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ThreeKMafia,this game is prety good 8.7 out of 10
,Recommended,250580,8054367,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,OwenJD,"Brilliant game, a lot ov variety in gameplay styles, and different levels everytime you play."
,Recommended,250580,8115184,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Noblivion,"Alright, now that is the best dungeon crawler/rougelike/generated-levels-arcade since The Binding of Isaac. A hybrid of that one and the classic shooters, it gives you a unique experience. It may be an alpha, but it is so playable I would call it the Steam's best Early Access 2013. It definetily is worth its money and I suggest you buying it for you and your friends right now.The only downside is that the game's interface doesn't fit the 5:4 screen, but it can also be fixed by changing the resolution to any of 16:9 formats."
,Recommended,250580,7722969,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,APmax,"If you like roguelikes and games like Quake and Doom, you might want to pick this up."
,Recommended,250580,7749892,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,*Mute,"A nice little Singleplayer shooter which has a little bit of Quake feeling. Good to kill some time, but nothing more really. The game just lacks a bit of variety. Still worth to buy it, especially with the upcoming coop mode."
,Recommended,250580,10000600,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Visiorex,"How do I start? Paranautical Activitiy, currently still in Beta, is such that if someone said ""Oh, first person shooter roguelike - wanna play one?"" I would tell them ""No, are you crazy? I'm awful at first person shooters!"" But then this game came out, I saw Bisnap playing it on YouTube, and I literally fell in love with the game. Honestly, I think this game will actually make me somewhat ok at first person shooters, and not the failure I was before I started playing. I've put in a little over 2 hours at this point, as of now I'm loving it, and I would recommend it to everyone - especially since there's multiplayer coming up (as a definite thing the devs are working on), and more content as well (I'm assuming). This game is SOO good and is literally an homage to Edmund McMillen's The Binding of Isaac, one of those games that will forever have a spot in my favorites section on Steam. As a result, this game will, too - for sure.As a side note, if the devs see this, I just want to mention that there are a couple of bugs I've noticed. First of all, when you start as Tank, you don't have a secondary weapon, and as a result when you press shift the game switches you to the weapon you already have (the shotgun) and resets its shooting timer. As a result, one can manually keep pressing shift to shoot, making the tank an extremely exploitable character. Something else that was actually pretty isolated (only seen once) was that when one of the small people that shoot orange balls of light at me fell down from a higher platform, and it shot at me immediately after, the shot was fired from midair, above where the little guy landed, shortly after it fell. (I apologize if the terminology is off, I don't know any of the character's names except the playable ones and the Gileads.)"
76561198091971092,Recommended,250580,24149817,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TheRussianWinter,"A hybrid of games such as Doom and The Binding of Isaac, Paranautical Activity delivers exactly what you expect from a mixture of the two. While not as good as games like isaac or gungeon it's pretty fun and challenging for what it offers, I would definitely recommend you at least try it out although maybe not at full price but it's not that expensive to begin with so it's up to you on that. it's got a pretty nice soundtrack and the items all generally feel pretty good."
,Recommended,250580,8487060,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,✨ Peso4Jaso ✨,"The ""About the Game"" says exactly what makes it an awesome game. Having a twitch shooter element in a rogue is a match that might not work, but the devs have executed the combination with expertise."
,Recommended,250580,27178593,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Da Atheist,"""Woah, dude!"" - that's all I can say. Quake mixed with roguelike games, And it's about shooting nazis (a bit).No further explanation needed, just ""Woah""!11/10 would play again."
,Not Recommended,250580,27075008,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,★ unleech,"not optimized, lagging on some part of the game. also at the start, even in main menu!good thing that i bought it with 80% off."
,Recommended,250580,1330084,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,jespelibur,Great Quake-like roguelike!
,Recommended,250580,24064196,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MJAT7,"ProsFun, fast paced gameplayVariety of enemies in each roomVariety of items that you can find and use to add aspects to your characterDifferent characters/classes based on what play style the player likesConsDoesn't have a (clear) storylineDoesn't have Multiplayer and Co-OpNot many classesDull menu screenLacks in balanceIt has potential. That's all I gotta say."
76561197993790681,Recommended,250580,26136531,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DUKE NUKEM,"it isnt bad, the levels are not as interesting as tower of guns and the combat is clearly not as polished as ziggurat but with so few rouge like FPS out there watcha gana do? this game will satisfy you and will remain fun to play in small doses for a long time to come.it is difficult.....but maybe not for the reasons it should be, most of the starting classes are terrible, and not because htey are designed to be terrible but because their weapons dont work right, the gorton's sickle is clunky, the tank is too slow and the crossbow is just plain awful, you will really need to rely on random luck in powerups to get started......or just pick the dynamo class....."
,Not Recommended,250580,8366234,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,muhamadi,Has potentiali feel bad it hasnt fullfil it
,Recommended,250580,11760608,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,O Alentejano,"The game is certantly enjoyable, but it comes up lacking in many aspects.The most obvious of these, is Co-op multiplayer.If you have the money and the desire to spend it go ahead, but I would advise you to wait until a multiplayer update is released."
,Not Recommended,250580,11600691,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Futanari Isn't Gay,"this game is ded, the devs have abbandoned it, sad"
76561198055963683,Recommended,250580,35351399,Posted: 30 September,all,Argento87,Muy buen juego lo recomiendo
