user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,250560,12477558,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,TKzip,"I'm long overdue to post a review for this game. Why have I waited so long?Because I've been having so much fun playing and creating, I hardly use my spare time for anything else!I think it's an outstanding, highly entertaining game! The community-generated ""adventures"" make this game virtually unlimited in it's original gameplay content.I should also add that I'm new to both the Hack & SlashandRPG genres...they just never appealed to me before. I bought this game because I think the devs are fantastic, having played both Cubemen and Cubemen 2, but I wasn't sure I would care for it that much. Boy, was I wrong to eventhinkthat! Now, I'm completely hooked and having a great time playing, interacting with the community in sharing/playing adventures, and in creating my own. The built in Adventure Construction Kit (ACK) is quite sophisticated yet easy to use. You can be building and publishing great-looking adventures in a fairly short amount of time.So whether you're a seasoned pro in Hack n Slash and RPG games, or new to the genre as I was, I'm confident you're going to enjoy this game. If the current ""Early Access"" state is a concern for you, don't let it be. I would consider this a complete game...that just keeps getting better with each update, as cool new features are added on a regular basis.Now it's time to go back and conquer more ""worlds"" as I add to the already 450+ hours I've got in this game! That in itself should tell you quite a bit about how I feel aboutFight the Dragon."
,Recommended,250560,13519261,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Blade McCloud,"Fight The Dragon is a simple, community-driven dungeon crawler for up to 4 players, populated with maps designed by the players themselves. There are twelve customizable character slots, and four classes to choose from, each with different weapon proficiencies and four unique abilities: the fighter, the rogue, the ice wizard, and the pyromancer. If you've played a fantasy-themed game before, those classes shouldn't be unfamiliar. The playstyles are all a tad different, but early on, it becomes quite apparent that ranged combatants are considerably easier to play, and arguably more effective as well.The look of the game is a bit classic. It isn't voxel, and it has smooth textures, but the shapes of the in-game models look quite crude in a few cases. Controls are fairly simple, and the mechanics of the game will come naturally to anyone who is familiar with the genre. The gameplay itself is smooth, if a tad unbalanced; it's rather easy for a map designer to make an area too difficult, whether intentionally or not, by saturating it heavily with certain, more powerful monsters. A good example is a trio of enemy pyromancers- they deal so much damage in such a short time that they will instantly kill you with fireballs and pillars of flame if you stand still for more than a thoughtful moment. Loot appears rather frequently, so it isn't too difficult to find a decent set of gear that compliments how you choose to play. A feature called the 'Loot Shrine' acts as an alternative to the typical store you'd find in the 'safe zone' of a dungeon-crawling RPG. Rather than buying and selling items, the game allows you to 'donate' all of your gold and unwanted gear for a chance at progressively better loot- the more you donate, the better the rewards, which come in the form of rare armor and weapons, extra stat points, increased inventory space, or other miscellaneous character upgrades. Although the game offers you three choices (typically one item and two 'other'), the choices are completely randomized, so you may end up finding some unattractive offers when you decide to cash out. I find this feature to be a refreshing change from the norm, and i've abused it quite a lot in my own time playing.The gimmicks that make FtD stand out from similar titles are it's trademark Adventure Creation Kit, and the titled battle against the Dragon. The Adventure Creation Kit(ACK) allows a player to construct a dungeon, then play in it against his own creation, or upload it to the server to share with friends or the community as a whole. The ACK is very user-friendly, and it's fun to play with. The design options that it gives you allow you to make maps of all sizes, or even chain multiple dungeons together to create a full campaign with multiple levels. The designer truly allows for an impressive amount of customization and creativity.Fighting the Dragon, as many would assume from the title, is an integral part of the game. At any time, provided your character has recieved a Dragon Scroll by completing a dungeon, you may challenge the dragon arena. The Dragon itself is extremely strong; with a massive, constant HP pool and tons of damage output, he's an extremely tough opponent, only killable with determination and lots of patience (and Dragon Scrolls). Each scroll you use gives you three lives to deal as much damage as possible to the Dragon, before inevitably getting massacred and sent packing back into the player-made dungeons. Fortunately, the Dragon's health bar is consistent through attempts, so the damage you deal in each battle will carry over to the next time. Each time you reach a certain point of progress(by consistently putting tiny dents in his health), you will get a shiny red piece of Dragon loot that has a very special effect, but will disappear after you've used it for a certain time. I find that these two features really do make the game a special one, and it allows the player to take a much-needed break from the constant loot grind.Overall, the game is put together well, and only suffers from a few minor bugs and glitches. The biggest issue I have with the game is a lack of balance and character development; aside from getting a new ability at level 5, 10, 15, etc., your gear makes your character what it is, and there is very little variance between two characters of the same class. Ranged weapons and kiting tactics seem to be the way to go most of the time, especially when the difficulty ramps up so quickly in most cases. The enemies deal a legitimately high amount of damage per attack, and some fights can cost the players a few lives before they can get a grasp on the situation. Aside from those few complaints, however, this is a gem of a game, would recommend to fans of the genre and RPGs in general.Appearance: 3.5/5, basic textures, mostly attractive, sounds get repetitive and could have more variety.Controls: 4.5/5, easy to pick up and play, mechanics aren't too hard, everything works how it should.Gameplay: 4/5, bugs are few and far between, the ACK is fun, character building could use more options.Replayability: 4/5, the ACK keeps the game fresh, but enemies get a bit repetitive.Overall: 4/5, a good, solid dungeon crawler with some fun gimmicks and extra tools to make the game unique."
76561198042362042,Not Recommended,250560,13286172,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mykhal,"Great game, great premise, but one very huge flaw in its design.  The game is based around player created adventures but lacks a fair implementation of advertising any new adventures.Searching for adventures at first glaces seems to be very complex but after a while you you notice a poor design choice.  Only the top 24 adventures will ever be displayed in a search, no matter how many tags you select.  What does this mean?  Only adventures with a high rating will ever be visible to other players to play, meaning, your new maps will never get a chance to be played unless someone searches for it by name.  You can search for Easy, Medium, Hard, or Extreme adventures, but you will never see any adventures that are 25th+ place.  Yeah there is a search for newly created adventures, but that category only shows adventures that haven't been played once.  Once someone plays it, your adventure is now unsearchable.  There is a category for weekly, monthly, and featured adventures but those will always display the same 24 adventures in the category, most of which are the same adventures.  Since I have been playing, no new maps were added to featured (about 2 months).  There is an option to play a random adventure, but that only selects an adventure you haven't played yet in one of the top 24 adventure categories, only playing a truly random map after those have been exhausted."
,Recommended,250560,9711267,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,CueZero,"With the help of a robust, user-friendly adventure map creation tool and an already very active and tight-nit community, Fight the Dragon is an incredibly addictive social interaction unlike anything I've seen on Early Access.. or Steam in general for that matter.Even in it's earliest form it already has a massive set of tools allowing anyone of virtually any skill level to create whatever is in their head from dark mines to open snowing forests, the variety here presented only in it's first week is enough to give every aspiring map creator the ability to conjure up something totally unique and special from one another. And this isn't taking into account the almost weekly updates the game will be receiving, already one in it's first week adding two entirely new sections of props to diversify your creations with. In short, map making is extremely addictive, often time consuming, and in the end EXTREMELY rewarding.The gameplay itself is very fun and straightforward, almost arcade-y in a Gauntlet sort of way moreso than how modern grindy ARPGs of today play. There's already a great loot system in place that scales to your level (max 30 currently), with legendary and rare items to find that give you additional stat boosts and sometimes elemental attacks. The adventures themselves are all user-generated (outside of a small handful of high-quality maps created by the develepor to show off what you can make), which is awesome for both the person exploring levels and the people creating maps, because everyone gets a fair chance at having what they made getting played. There is one other mode, a really cool concept which the game gets it's name from where you fight a dragon in an arena with a ridiculous amount of health (millions). Killing the dragon in one, or even dozens of tries is impossible so you'll have to earn Dragon Tickets by completing Adventure maps created by the community in order to keep chipping away at it's health. There are currently no end-game rewards for the dragon that I know of (to be honest, it's so tough I don't think it's even been beaten by more than a few people yet) but it already has a leaderboard to rank you against other players based on damage done. I can't wait to see where this mode goes.These are only the basics really, the game has so much to do already and there's a lot more to come. If you're at all interested in creating worlds or playing other peoples' then check this out and come by the community hub, the community is very active and the developer is amazingly responsive to feedback and questions!"
,Recommended,250560,15298292,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,peremptor,Gauntlet with a neverending array of levels at your disposal and that my friends is a good thing indeed. There's a big dragon that needs slaying that serves as a progress marker of sorts.Once you become strong enough to put out that fire in his belly... then you got to fight 2 dragons and a juggling bear on a tricycle. It never ends.
76561197961735012,Not Recommended,250560,9810405,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,nixL,"The recommendation is based on the alpha stage gameplay.The Good:I enjoy the conept of incorporating the gaming community into the actual creation of game content.  This means lots of diversity.  It also constantly improves the idea of a good ""map"": as one plays different maps from different users, his own taste for a ""good"" map diversifies and shifts.What's even better is that, there are quality maps.  Some maps you can tell the designer spent hours on perfecting.  The map creation kit also handles very well-- easy to grasp and almost anyone can build a map. The creation kit is also powerful enough to allow users to create very different environments-- a very elegant blend of simplicity and power.The game is easy to get into.  Jump into a game, and click on the bad guys. Key bindings are laid out clearly.  The gear is diversified, and your character changes appearance with each piece of equipment equipped. The loot system is balanced in terms of statistics, and it constantly poses questions like, ""would you sacrifice LUCK(magic find and crit chance) for damage?""The bad:Combat... feels a bit slippery.  Sometimes it feels like youre walking on ice: as you take damage you slide around, and so do your enemies.  Your special abilities are limited.  You have only 4.  Worse, you don't unlock all of them until higher levels.  This makes lower level combat repetitive and at times, monotonous.There are also certain balancing issues in the game.  As you reach levels 10+, you begin to encounter enemies that can 1 shot you... even with gear deemed rare, extraordinary, and legendary.  (Gear ranks from junk, common, rare, extraordinary, and legendary.)The downside to incorporating the gaming community into content creation is that there will be inevitably faulty maps that are incompletable or maps that overreward you/ under reward you.  While I understand the developer has taken steps to mitigate such problems, the issues still exist.  I have encountered very hard challenges on maps marked as ""easy"".Multiplayer is bare bones.  You can join on players (though, I have NEVER seen more than 2-3 joinable games within the US at any given point in time).  However, you can't trade, share, or give loot.BOTTOM LINE:I say hold off on this one.See what else the developer has to offer.  Right now, the game is still rough (of course, its in alpha), and still needs some tweaking.  With the features it has right now, it just isn't worth purchasing for 15 bucks."
,Recommended,250560,10522221,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,IMRavnos,"This is the Little Big Planet of Hack and Slash RPGs.  Do not expect torchlight or diablo or titan quest or any of the other AAA hack and slash games with this one.  What you get is a quirky art style and a ton of bite sized adventures. ( Campaigns are incoming and will likely link together two or more adventures ).The main reason to get this game is the fact that the ACK ( Adventure Creation kit ) allows you to design and create a variety of adventures ranging from simple 1 room arena battles to complex dungeons with puzzles, switche,s traps, platforming, and locked doors that require you to get a color coded key - ( Doom anyone? ).I've only had this game for two days but have already created and published 3 adventures.If you want a hack and slash game that looks overly simple but has suprising depth and limitless content, pick this up.If you want to create short engaging little adventures that range from 5 minutes of gameplay to 30 minutes of gameplay pick this up.  The ACK is the easiest to use editor I have ever used.Oh I almost forgot that unlike most games, this one has a BOSS DRAGON that you need to earn scrolls to be able to teleport to the Dragon's Lair and try and defeat him.  He has persistent health and this is a must considering he has 1,000,000 health and the firs titme I fought him I managed to deal 50 damage total with 3 lives.  Second time I dealt 650 and that was after levelling up for hours!"
,Not Recommended,250560,16572935,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Antien,"The game model functions very well - controls, stats, loot, combat (for the most part), and co-op.  The premise of the game is to adventure in community-created campaigns, finding keys, unraveling small plots, looting better items, and making your way to fighting the dragon by collecting Dragon Scrolls.  It's almost like Shadowrun Returns, but without the developer-created campaign.  There are some REALLY good adventures to go on by the community.However, it's like finding needles in a haystack - the majority of GREAT community-created scenarios are far and few between.  Many fall short between amateur DMs and wannabe writers akin to middle school English class.  75% of the adventures you will partake in often have glaring issues like loot balancing, confusing or short level design, awful dialogue and spelling mistakes and more.  It seems like anyone can create a dungeon with 5 rooms, 50 potions, tons of easy enemies and enough loot to make the game not much fun.This game is AMAZING for DM's and really shines in the way of quick pick-up and random co-op play.  It falls short in the way that the majority of the content is shallow or just bad.  If you dig hard enough, you'll find gold though."
,Recommended,250560,13253596,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,xtk,"Fight the Dragon is a user-generated action RPG, which can be good or bad based on the community involved in making the content. If you're looking for good content, I recommend NOT looking at the highest rated content because they happen to be the most bland and generic of them all. It makes me wonder how exactly they became the top rated in the first place, while unique and creative maps go completely unnoticed. This is because of how the game streamlines new content; it does it very poorly. There is a ""new content"" tab but its clearly filled with ""not new content"" because of the amount of ratings each map has, as if they haven't updated the new content tab since alpha. You just have to hope that your map falls under the ""local unplayed map"" pool that seems to be randomly generated for each user, since that is the actual ""new content"" tab, but this tab seems to only have like 5-7 maps at a time. I published my map yesterday, and as of right now, only one person other than me has played it. This game prides itself for over-saturation of content, when in reality, it's the main downfall of this game. You really have to sift through a lot of crap to find a few gems, or just give up and make your own gems that only you will end up playing anyway.Which brings me to why im recommending this game: The level editor.If you like creating your own levels, but are completely stupid and impatient when it comes to using editors (like me), then I highly recommend this game, because not only is the editor extremely easy to use, its also very intricate. You can do practically anything with this level editor. Every interactable item or prop you can place has its own programmable event tab, which you can use to trigger events throughout your level. Events such as ""When this monster dies, break down breakable wall"" or ""When player opens this chest, close X doors and spawn Y monsters in vicinity"". There are so many things you can do with this level editor, that you will spend so many hours messing with it and thinking of creative ways to use it. The only problem I have with it is that there's not a huge selection of props, textures, and enemies.Now you may be saying to yourself ""That's great and all, but hows the gameplay?""Well, the combat is a bit clunky and needs improvement... But LOOK AT HOW SHINY THIS LEVEL EDITOR IS!In all seriousness though, if you like to create your own levels, but don't have the knowledge or patience to use a professional editor, then it is well worth the money. The game itself ain't half bad either, if you can deal with a few bad eggs."
,Recommended,250560,16886486,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Silent Snow,"You might notice a Neutral Category and that is because sometimes due to the nature of the entry, the experience can vary from very good to very poor. Thus, it is there.Pros:+Pretty decent graphics, animations, and sound design+Level Editor+Rogue-like/Rogue-lite elements+Multiple Classes which allow for different playthroughs+Multiple Character slots+Lots of loot.+Multiplayer (I haven't tried this yet!)+Quick Playthroughs/Drop in/out features+Forever expandable, since there is a supposedly unlimited number of maps available (whether this is true or not in a few years remains to be seen)+Australian Developers+Did I mention lots of loot? There's a lot of loot.Neutral:=User Created Content=No Story / All levels are self-contained stories or designs and aren't cohesive.=Would be cool if there was a procedural level generator, however, given how complex the level editor is, I don't think this would be an easy feat. Not knowing the ins/outs of the game engine, I do not know if that would even be feasible.Cons:-Sometimes the character can get stuck on stairs and appears to have difficulty-Cannot attack enemies at various locations.-Enemies with Ranged Attacks (Bombs Arrows, Spells)  have an unfair advantage if you lack a ranged weapon leading to   some cheap death situations. Sometimes arrows will hit you even while you're moving.-Limited camera controls. It would be great if the user could zoom out a little more or at least add panning to the existing zoom and rotate.-Needs better transparency on some objects when your vision is obscured.-No proper graphical options, low, medium, and high, and still a framerate cap."
76561198059743609,Recommended,250560,9785899,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,mjvv81,"I generally don't write reviews but this game has me hooked!I'm a huge fan of open source and this game is exactly that.  The levels are designed by you!  The tool for map design is beyond powerful.  I was able to pick it up and know how to do just about everything there was to do.The game is still in Alpha and yes it has bugs and exploits and still a fair amount of work to be done.  However the game play it offers and design posibities are simply wonderful.If you like hack and slash games with a unique 3d design that takes you back a few years and enjoy a community customization this is a must have.  Bravo ""3 Sprockets"" continue to evole this game and you will have a #1."
76561197993265837,Not Recommended,250560,13278991,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dahlrek,"I really want to like this game. An instance-based multiplayer hack and slash with a built-in level editor and distributor is a great idea. That aspect of this game is done quite well. Unfortunately as of right now, the rest of the game itself is not. Character stats and mechanics aren't explained, and there is almost no depth to character development. Itemization is poor. Combat doesn't flow particularly well. Controls are iffy. The net result is a treadmill game with no story and no interesting rewards."
76561198012245691,Recommended,250560,13234330,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Sparrow,"Ran from the minotaur and stopped to heal.  He charged so far and so fast that it knocked me off of a cliff and I died - with full health.This is a fun little game that gives you thousands of hand-made mini-adventures to play and plenty of epic moments of near-death dungeoneering experiences.Only got 30 minutes?  Perfect, because these adventures can be done in 10-20 minutes.  The adventures have varying difficulties, so you can find a comfortable level and go have some fun.Got more time?  Give some of the campaigns a go - they have 3-5 linked adventures in each campaign.Feeling creative?  It has an easy to use level editor and you can participate in the community by creating and publishing your own level.Highest recommendations!  Give it a try!"
,Recommended,250560,30840016,Posted: 30 March,all,KirkWS,"So this game is pretty fun, and I recommend it only if you have friends to play it with.  The gameplay is decent (if a little shallow), but there is no one playing it, ever. Also, slaying the dragon is a team grinding effort.  If you are considering purchasing don't, instead send me a message politely asking for one of my copies, maybe we can play together if I have free time. I'll update this when they are gone. Update: They are all gone. Hiding a giveaway in a review worked great.  Maybe I can find some players since the price has dropped."
76561197994149636,Recommended,250560,13291533,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MaxKool,Much better tho similar to mighty quest for epic loot. Realy cool adventure and campaign designer. Simple enough for my 8 year old to work with but good enough for me to make some cool adventures. For the price its a steal.
,Recommended,250560,13885223,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Heart Miku,"You know, telling your friends that you will go now and fight the dragon is not really advisable ;)Anyway, the game is really fun heheHonestly i was really angry at the beginning, not knowing that some stuff is really hard as well as the fact that my chosen character was just bad -.-But as soon as i got a deeper insight into the game i figuerd out, that it is a hell lot of fun.The dragon? Ignore this dude he isnt worth your time.Appreciate the awesome content created by your fellow FTD players!Or just create awesome stuff on your own!Well you gotta dungeon crawl and explore places and stuff, you can even invite 3 more players to wrek the enemies and solve riddles if there are any.Or just relax, while playing some really easy adventures, no need to take on the extreme stuff on the first day...Yeah you got 4 classes, FIghter, Fire Wizard, Ice Wizard and Rogue.One for killing and tanking, one for burning and AOE damage, one for freezing and one for stealth and traps.Fully customisable including, swords, axes (some throwable), hammers, spears (naginata bruh), wands, dual daggers/shortswords, ice&fire staffs, crossbows, shuriken, shields, defense spelltomes, helmets, chestarmor, boots, gauntlets and dragon rings (the big bad dragon drops dem ringz).Then there is the ACK - Adventure Creation Kit -EVERYONE CAN USE IT!!!!!!!!!!111!!!!1Its easy and mostly self explantionary, even more complex events and triggers can be set up with little effort.Sure you are limited in tiles and content, but THINK CREATIVELY!!!!If you do, you can create awesome adventures, which will be loved and admired by those who play them!Game visuals are all blocky and stuff, but it runs even on pretty old and on weak machines.Unlike some other blocky games, this one got actually some curves heheIf you think you cant be a good adventure dev, just look at me.I never thought i would get better than a 3k+ devrank but now i am @ 129 devrank o.OYou just need to be CREATIVE and release well thought and balanced adventures. Not just mass produce overstuffed loot&xp farm levels...Be careful tho, the community can report your stuff and the game devs will check your creations... and maybe ban it and block you from further publishing anything!Now buy the game, rock the ACK and round up some friends to beat all the adventures!"
76561198047035752,Recommended,250560,20670780,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Butcherbird,"Thank you, Steam, because nobody else told me about this game. Cheap, cheerful, and often challenging, although turning up the difficulty while your character is low level might be an idea.It's easy to jump right in and make a map for you and others to play. You'll find out within a day or so exactly how well they liked it. Maps take about 12 minutes on average to play, and you can make a fun, good looking map in a few hours.My only complaints are: I wish I'd known about Fight the Dragon sooner and that it was more popular so that there'd be a sequel."
,Recommended,250560,13232085,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Ro,"Little Big Planet, 3D DOT HERO, Zelda, Diablo had a baby.And this is the result.You literally choose your own adventure. You can create your own adventure.To the lot of content 3sprockets provide, there's custom made ones.It knows how to deal with the useless junk you get in ""hack&slash "" games!It has a ""test your might"" mode where you benchmark your pro hero with pro gear against the dragon!An amazing game you can spend a lot of time, creating your own campaigns (or recreating other games ones! Just avoid Copyright issues!)... or playing them.There's content for every difficulty you can imagine. There are puzzle levels. Endurance levels. Epic campaign ""from peasant to king"" levels.The only ""minus"" side would be that it could feel a bit slow in movement or action.That's fine, it's not diablo 3 frantic clicking. But its still realtime!Would recommend a lot"
,Recommended,250560,12242196,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,MasterGentleman,"The words of the day: simplistic intricacy.Those two words sum up the whole of what Fight The Dragon (FTD) is all about.  At first glance, the core gameplay appears simple – and it is.  Upon a deeper inspection, however, the intricacies begin to emerge – particularly in its level designer, which I will go into more later.FTD is essentially Little Big Planet meets a simple overhead hack-‘n’-slash.  A number of community levels and a few tutorial missions await the player within this game.  The interface to select your adventure is easy to use and find what you’re looking for, and there is a search system that allows you to find a level that matches the difficulty you want, whether it’s a favorite of the community, or you can do a direct search for a specific title.The first order of business is to choose a character class: Fighter, Black Rogue, Fire Lord, and Ice Wizard.  Each of these classes has their own unique abilities and stats, which offers greater variety and opportunities to customize multiple playthroughs.  The appearances of your character can also be customized (to an extent) afterwards at your home base.While there are many options for combat in this game, the ones that will be used the most are the basic attack and a class-specific special attack (A and B respectively on an XBox controller, which I recommend using).  These moves are all you need if you employ a hit-and-run strategy like I do.  That’s the simple side of it; the more intricate side is that you can also block, dodge, and use another special move as well if you want.  But that feels a bit superfluous sometimes and the majority of your time will be spent just hacking and slashing with your basic moves.The game also provides ample possibilities for platforming adventures if combat is not where your interests lie.  Climbing, running, and leaping across chasms and lava appears simple enough.  However, doing it *well* takes  a little more attention and skill.  Then try doing it while some skeleton shoots arrows at you or a pyromancer blasts you with fire.  Or do it over lava where you have to think, “Okay, I have to time my sprinting right and aim perfectly or I’m gonna fall into hot burning lava and – dang it, now I’m dead.  Back to the checkpoint.”After a level, you can donate your unwanted equipment and excess gold to the Loot Shrine, building up enough credit to eventually earn a reward.  The more credit you build up before seeking a reward, the greater the reward.  It's a nice way to reward the people who spend time collecting what is often useless armor or weapons dropped in a level.But it is with the level editor that this game truly shines and brings to the forefront the reason FTD works so well.  Looking at a custom-designed level, it’s easy to assume that only someone who has played the game long enough and mastered the minute details could create something intricate and amazing.  At least, that’s the mindset I went into the level designer with.Boy, was I wrong.Within a matter of hours, I had created a level that involved a good amount of platforming and combat, tested it multiple times, and then released it to the community.  I had only played the game a few hours before to learn the basic buttons and get a feel for the game.  The instructions on how to use different components and how to connect cause-and-effects (i.e. kill this enemy, door opens).  Enemy stats can be modified to vary every time you enter a level.  There are also a lot of different options for what kind of level you want to create.  Various indoor and outdoor biomes are available, and you can mix and match at will.  You can create a massive level before you reach your “building point” limit, and that is half of the fun.**To see the level I created in my first attempt, look up Necrypt in the level gallery.**However, there are a few points that should be addressed in terms of what this game does not do so well.Currently there is no way to rebind buttons on the controller.  Sometimes the button combinations to do something are not intuitive or easy (i.e. pressing RB and Y together to switch between primary and alternative weapons).Music tracks for the levels are limited to 9 arrangements that sound very similar.Sometimes when creating a level, if you accidentally enter “Event Picker Mode,” you can get stuck there and be unable to leave.  Let’s say you place an enemy and you enter this mode .  You have to select an object for it to be connected to, but if there is no such object around, you are stuck in this mode (hitting B does not free you from the mode).Combat can feel extremely simple and not be too exciting after awhile.A few more options available in the character customization would not be amiss.All in all, Fight The Dragon is great fun.  The negative points I listed above are nitpicks at best, and they don’t interfere too much with the overall enjoyment of the game.  And as it is in Early Access still, I look forward to some of the features 3 Sprockets have yet to release.  But if you’re looking for a great game that is constantly growing in a community and bringing forth new features, take a look at Fight The Dragon.UPDATE NEWS:11/7LOCAL CO-OPHaving tried this mode with one of my friends, I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised.  While split-screens tend to be too small to make out details clearly, having a two-player split down the middle wasn't terrible.  That may have been because we had a laptop hooked up to a TV, though.....One way that this mode would be improved would be to have the split be horizontal instead, giving a greater field of view for each player.  Granted, the reason that this was not done was to accomodate the vision lost by whoever would have the Keys or other information on their screen, but I tend to prefer seeing more side to side so I can tell what threats are around.Another annoyance (which may have been altered in an update just after this experience) was that two people could not be at the home base at once.  Which made the process of transfering goods into the Loot Shrine tedious because one person would have to use the Player 1 controller to drop off loot and money, then he/she'd have to return to the house and switch to the other player.  THEN the controller would have to be handed over to that person so they could do their transfers.  It doubled the administrative tasks needed before we could return to what we REALLY wanted to be doing: adventuring!DEVELOPER UPDATESI'm happy to report that I love the continued growth in content provided by the developers for this game.  Almost weekly there's a new update that adds more to the experience than the last and improves it.  More features for the level designer are being implemented, fixes are being made to some bugs -- all of this attention given to ensuring that this game continues to excel both surprises and delights me, and it makes me regret less and less that the DAY AFTER I purchased FTD there was a 50% off sale.Kudos to 3 Sprockets; you've done a great job with your game.  Now keep at it and continue to impress me more and more.**Review updates yet to be included/experienced:Online MultiplayerThe Dragon Fight"
76561198026831303,Recommended,250560,13497004,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,JorgosNL,"Best thing about this game is the map editor. Build your own little adventure from scratch with terrain, objects, npc's and enemies. Use triggers and logic blocks to create events, like spawning enemies and triggers to open gates. After finishing your map you can publish it to make it available for all to play. 4/5"
,Recommended,250560,32016002,Posted: 28 May,all,stabbyjones,"I bought this a little bit after release years ago.Only played for a few hours and then ignored it for years. Now that I've given it a good 15hrs over the weekend I can say its been fun.Levelling, equipment, stats, different play styles. Pretty smooth gameplay. Much better than cubemen"
76561198004132377,Recommended,250560,15220665,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Hexorcist,Lets keep this review nice and simple.This game is great fun if you have ever enjoyed Diabolo or similar RNG loot drop dungeon crawlers.It is on sale and is superb value for money at moment....too be honest i would be happy to pay the full price for this.multiplayer DOES work and it is fun although intense for a newbie trying to keep up with the other seasoned players.I recommend keeping the defualt keymaps as they are as this is def the best layout for the ingame keys.It also supports game controller that I do not have so cannot offer comment.Great fun so thx all
,Recommended,250560,13518361,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,soolar,"Fight The Dragon is, in its current form, very worth the money in my opinion. The level editor is fairly straightforward, and very nicely integrated in to the game. Because of the level editor, content never dries out, so there is always a new level to play. There will be the occasional bad level of course, because of the nature of user generated content, but even those can at least be enjoyed with good enough company.I would not recommend this game as strongly if you are not able to convince some of your friends to play it with you too, since that is where a lot of the fun comes from, but it is still enjoyable solo.The game is not without flaws, and in a lot of ways does kind of feel like it... hasn't REALLY left early access yet, despite recently transitioning to full release. But most of the issues at the moment aren't deal breakers (things like some equipment affixes not scaling well beyond the early levels), and the developers are still working on the game actively and are very interactive with the community, so I am not really worried about the issues all in all."
76561197981407086,Recommended,250560,13290679,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,RktMan,"i only have a couple of hours playing with this so far, but as a gamer, and as a programmer, the brilliance of this whole system just jumps out at you.first, the game engine seems awesome. the art style and level ""building blocks"" are pleasant, fun and well ... RPG'ish.the mechanics of melee attacks, mana/rage attacks, and movement seem like that perfect balance, so that you've got options and growth in what your character can do, but you don't have an overwhelming number of things that you can do that clutter controls and make gameplay fiddly.the comparisons are to Torchlight II, and that is a great comparison, a fair comparison, and a compliment to both games.once you start playing, if you have a mind and disposition for these things, you instantly recognize how the engine and the level editor are truly going to be best friends, and how creating levels for the engine is going to be intuitve and awesome for a fan with that creative bent.the browsing of fan content, and integrating that content into a given users play experience (the workshop/level browser) looks and feels like it could be awesome and literally a game changer for games using distributions systems like steam.it'll be interesting to see if the community driven content mechanic is able to seperate the wheat from the chaff so that players can get access to ""good"" levels, and robust, connected experiences.the content browser supports a number of filters that give some pretty good control to the consumer for finding the content from the community that meets good criteria, such as 'popular' and 'by a given author'.the engine and level development tools are designed to favor small experiences, which will make it interesting to see how larger experiences are serialized by level developers.with my limited gameplay experience so far, i have nothing bad to say about the engine ... i _really_ like how it plays, and i like the ""art"" and look and feel so far.the developer is taking a huge chance that the ""community"" is going to create good quality content that is going to make their game worth playing, vs. bad content making the game ""suck"".i'm a little worried about that part, but a) it's too early to tell, and b) i would imagine, if the developers are smart, that they might curate or produce enough of the content at some point, that the game could be played with _just_ that curated content and be complete and good."
76561197966562725,Recommended,250560,13291548,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,flyinghitcher,"Fun casual ARPG with a cool twist, some nice puzzles, lots of content due to the easy editor.It isn't without its faults, but I find them easy to overlook. I recommend a Xbox 360 controller."
,Recommended,250560,17037472,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Mwen,"Simple, fun, old-school and rewarding. Best integration of a level editor into a game I've seen. Can be complex enough for adults or simple enough for kids. My thanks to the devs for adding the simple 'no blood' feature before launch -- something most players never see or use but will gripe about if mentioned, yet it allows me to buy copies for my kids (they don't like the blood, I don't need it and most who gripe about having the option aren't parents). Thanks."
,Recommended,250560,18168334,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,BassicPlays.dokgu,"By far this is my current favorite for a casual game. Lots of community-made levels and boy are they hard to finish. The community is relentless and unforgiving but I accept the challenge. I'll just get some more levels and take these guys on.When you're creating your own levels, it feels as though you're playing DnD which is a bonus factor for me.Overall, I love this game, good job to the developers and the community as well for such as awesome game. I see myself wasting a lot of hours in this game. Lots of replayability.BONUSSo far I have not seen any signs of a pay-to-win mechanism in this game and hopefully it stays that way."
76561197971809603,Recommended,250560,13256856,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Goredon,Great Game!It's like Torchlight and Diablo got a child and this child is raised by the community :)
,Recommended,250560,12959630,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,gralegath,"Fight The DragonThe game play is pretty fluent and so are the animations.Some might call this a typical hack n' slash, and maybe I would agree...And that's not a bad thing at all. The whole game feel like a big love letter to the genre.You start out in your hub area, in which you create a new character and customize him/her(yes..there is a female avatar too).You can also use the ACK (the in game level editor) which will let you make small to mediumstories - Standalone adventures or whole campaigns, consisting of more adventures.This opens up a large community of player created content.Two adventures in, the game opens up for the loot shrine, and man is that good!!Besides the chest functionality we all know and love, the shrine offers something more...You go on the adventures and pick up loot, then sell all your junk loot to the shrine, whichwill fill up a bar. This will earn you four different tiers - Bronze, Silver, Gold and Platinum.Pick a tier and fill the shrine till you're there. Then chose one of three items or perks.The better the tier, the better the reward.Three adventures in, the game opens up the dragon mentioned in the title.This dragon has a ton of HP and it is going to take you a lot of tries to kill.Luckily, the dragon's HP is persistent, so you are going to shave it down little after little.Great game!"
76561198054052960,Recommended,250560,14515582,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,bl00dylicious,TLDR: Very good game if you enjoy simple hack n' slash and like creating your own adventures.Pros:You can create your own maps and share them with the community.Almost all maps are created by the community.Map creation allows very complicated logic systems if you are skilled enough with them. Map creation is also very easy to get into.Pretty straight forward combat.Extremely random loot. You have no control on what you get.Devs are very active on steam forums.Most classes are fairly balanced but can use some work.Runs very smoothly.Looks like minecraft with tons of shaders and a very good texture pack.A helpfull community which is a great thing in a game where content is created by the community.Cons:Almost all maps are created by the community. Yeah this again. The reason is that some maps are just boring and not fun to play. Selecting a random adventure seems to select the better adventures.Slightly repetive combat.No real endgame other than getting better gear and creating epic maps.Fighting the actual dragon is not that rewarding and takes quite some time.Gold coins at the moment lack any use at higher levels.Enemy AI could use an upgrade.
76561197982685012,Recommended,250560,13724190,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rivethead,"Its been very seldom in my PC-gaming life that I have discovered a true gem of a game. FTD is such a game. I will break it all down into three parts: single player, online play ( multi-player), and creative. But first one thing that strikes me from the start: the graphic design of the game is such that it will ( or should) run on low-end computers. The visuals are, for lack of a better term- quirky. Its like a cross between Legos games and LBW with a dash of WoW.*Single player- In single player you go to an ""adventure"" screen where you can bring up an incredible assortment of maps to play on. It should be noted ( im guessing here) that over 90% of the availible maps are created BY OTHER PLAYERS. This is both a blessing and a curse: Player-made content is wide and varied. You may get a great and fun map; you may get one that was obviously made by a ADD 12-year old.If you enjoy a player-made map, you can choose to ""follow"" that creator. This is a wonderful feature that highlights other maps made by favorite creators. Very nice feature.* Multiplayer- I cannot honestly say I have much exp with this. Problem is that most of the games going are ""closed"" ( ie friends only). I have only been in one MP map and I got there near the end of the run. Overall it was ok.* Creative- Now THIS is the reason why I think FTD is easily one of the best games in years; The UI that is used to make maps is very user-friendly. I have exp making maps for other games and its usually a bad learning curve. With ACK ( the map editor) I was making a map within 30 min of starting. You can ""publish"" ( make availble to other players) your creations via a simple-to-understand vetting process. This process ( I assume) is used to keep junk maps from being offered. It works....most of the time.  You may still come across just plain bad maps.The bad side ( there has to be one right?)- The selection of enemy ( monsters etc) to place in maps are VERY limited. For a sword & sorcery game not to include enemy human casters? There are no, say, ""friendy"" men-at-arm NPCs to use. The list goes on. I can hope that all this will be added in future ( and free!) DLC.Overall- Simple but effective combat system, graphics that are cute but not kiddy, an incredible creative tool, and MP options to boot.I hope the devs of FTD get really REALLY rich, because they actually DESERVE it!Rivetscore  9 /10** UPDATE++ July 21 2015All of the above still holds true: I would just issue a warning for all those would-be story tellers out there; Don't bother. Want popular maps? The secret is to cater to the mouth-breathing imbecil players that want instant action / instant reward.Don't waste your time with characters, dialogue, set pieces...It will get you no recognition. Players today want ACTION.It bears saying that these same instant-action players will get bored quick and move on....to be replaced by more of the same.I have been playing FTD since release and see much promise in the game; but the up / down voting system for maps stinks and stinks hard.I keep hoping the Devs will somehow wave the perverbial magic wand and set filters in place to furthur weed out what I call ""Crap Maps"" but it does not seem to be happening.Overall I stay with my original  Rivscore of 91/ 100You have been warned!"
76561198048989781,Recommended,250560,21012653,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Firestorm,Allthough personally I'd rather invite the Dragon over for tea and become best friend forever... this game is a lot of fun!But more so because of the amazing levels being created by anyone who can handle the ACK that is included in the game. Forget the dragon! Fight the community made levels!
,Recommended,250560,13249873,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,bvesco,"Fun hack'n slash. Not a rogue-like. Not deep, but deep enough to stay interesting."
76561197966246107,Recommended,250560,13628168,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,zsefvy,"Great game for those that enjoy RPGs, but don't always have the time to dedicate to endless hours of grinding to complete quests. Each ""level"" can run from 3-20 minutes depending on the map."
76561198000266644,Recommended,250560,13302646,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,macabrearts,"So much fun! This game, while simple, is incredibly well supported by the community. More often than not, the levels you play are community creations, and they are REALLY good. Buy this, even if you aren't used to this kind of game, and enjoy it. It's very easy to get into."
,Recommended,250560,11631418,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Looks fun & pretty little RPG game with customing thinks & level editor! Referral! :3FIN:Näyttää hauskalta ja hienolta pieneltä rpg peliltä muokattavuuden mahdollisuuksilla ja taso editorilla, suositteluni! :3"
,Recommended,250560,10378123,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Erebus Red,Brilliant!  Everyone who enjoys creating their own content will have fun with this!
,Recommended,250560,13505148,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Renton,This game is a ton of fun and can be played for 5 minutes or 5 hours.  Endless areas to explore thanks to the LBP-style community creation.
76561198136764622,Not Recommended,250560,19557868,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,fabioecco,"There isn't a main campaign to play, so, to collect loot to build your character and kill the dragon you have to spend hours playing random community-created maps, which the majority consists of very bad designed, unbalanced and boring maps. There are some good adventures, but is like finding needles in a haystack. Also you wont find anyone to play online, so tell a friend to buy it or play alone.There is some annoying bugs. Sometimes you can't close a menu window and have to close the game by force (I just did it). The AI is incredible dumb, the enemies walks randomly, get stucked on terrain and objects or even just stop attacking.There are very few appearence customization options. The devs offers the possibility to edit and upload skins, but that's not much fun.I'm playing an ice mage and a rogue and it's just impossible to beat a level counting on ranged/magic weaponry, you must draw your sword/axe and go melee everytime, full armored. You start every level with your magic pool empty and no potions. There's no item shop, so you have to fight to fill the pool or scavenge for potions. I can't see the point to play a mage."
,Recommended,250560,14914670,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,arcdrag,"This is the perfect game for when you only have 15-20 minutes to play a game, but you feel like playing an RPG.  Most similar games don't really have anything that you can actually accomplish in that timeframe.Downsides:  The game needs difficulty of community generated levels to be voted on by the community.  I've already seen several community made levels that were very likely impossible marked as ""easy"".  I'm guessing this is done by trolls, but allowing people to just vote on how hard they thought the level was would alleviate that issue."
76561198057262600,Recommended,250560,13301366,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Ougtok,"I Really love this game. It is a game that you can always come back to and play casually or hours and hours. The dungeons are community built so there are always loads to explore. I have been playing FTD since early early alpha and have continued playing the game through it's changes. The one thing i love is the developers are Extremely active in this game always updating and changing things around. Very good game, I strongly recommend this game to dungeon raiders and those that want a casual feel and don't want to be pressured that they have to be on all the time to get good gear."
,Not Recommended,250560,33568938,Posted: 15 July,all,Grunvagr,Amazing concept.  What was lacking was a smooth interface.  I fought the camera SO HARD the entire game.  There was no key to quick-snap it back to a regular position.  Or to have it auto-rotate as you walk around.  The camera was an immense source of frustration.Building dungeons for others is an amazing concept and they should be commended for that.  It was actually not too hard to build community content.  Seems to be a dying community though.  If they serve out a sequel it might be worth a peek.EDIT - see dev's comments.  Pretty awesome they are this involved.
,Recommended,250560,13573419,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nimos,"Fantastic game. Just when you thought playing adventures is the best part, you open the ACK, only to realise that 15 hours went by without you knowing. 10/10."
,Recommended,250560,12481958,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Thana,"A fun hack-and-slash game with 2 player couch co-op or 4 player multi online, a fair variety of enemies, a large amount of user-created maps and fun randomized loot, unique graphics, and excellent level scaling which provides a lot of replayability (or rather, to be exact... makes the game's challenge somewhat rather constant)Other fun elements of the game include a powerful dragon boss with 1,000,000 health, granting rewards for damage milestones, and a sacrificial altar that works as a randomized store to dispose of unwanted loot, an easy to use, yet with many different features implemented.As it seems like Steam Workshop support is on the way, there's not much else to ask for, the game is great as it is already, and very polished for an Early Access..."
,Recommended,250560,9810510,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Saitech,"March 2015 Update.I came in to FTD around Alpha 2.1 and have been here ever since. It's worth saying that the game has only officially been out of Early Access since Dec 4th 2014 so it's still relatively new, It's also been upgraded to a stable Unity 5 version now.Sure, the Adventure construction kit is probably many peoples focus right now so there are more people making adventures than playing them, but as new game play features are released and improved that will help it shift back in to balance.It's a great little game with a very good community and an outstanding development team that are still constantly improving the game, openly communicating with the player base and pushing out regular content. These are the things that keep me invested in this game.------------------------------------------------------Early Access Review.Fight the Dragon, even in it's current early state this is a fantastic little Hack'n Slash RPG with the addition of a well equipped and simple to use Adventure Construction Kit (ACK).Right now the game is in Alpha 2.7 but is already surprisingly smooth and playable and I have experienced very few issues or bugs with the game or the ACK.Updates and patches seem to be coming out on a regular basis to fix existing issues and also add more tools and features, which tells me that the developers care about the game and are working hard to make it as enjoyable as possible.I highly recommend Fight the Dragon and I can't wait to see what the future has in store for this game."
,Recommended,250560,25892994,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Deamos012,"This is an incredible game. The mechanics are fast-working, and the game has no lag. The lever creator software is simple to use, but also allows for an incredible amount of freedom. It is slightly tedious, but the adventures come out incrediblty, as long as you've thought them through. The hack-n-slash adventure mechanics are fun to play, and there is always a challanging level to play.With amazing skins and graphics, and an overall amazing playstyle, this game has it all. Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,250560,13063044,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Robot Joe,Why can't I kiss the dragon
76561198053422627,Recommended,250560,13274717,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"I played the starter levels.. then the dragon fight arena opened up at my home...So I decided to take on the mighty dragon....And I died after scratching him for 69 hp out of his 1,000,000 health!Awesome game.  From being able to pawn a pile of loot and gamble on a 'dice roll' for something really good to the online co-op feature.Add in the insanely awesome level design editor where you can make an adventure to share with all other players, and you have a a truly great RPG gem of a game.While some people are calling this game ""Diablo meets Little Big Planet"", I don't see much Diablo here except for the massive random loot you'll collect.  In my opinion, this game is what ""The Mighty Quest For Epic Loot"" should have been.  This game is 10 times better then the Mighty Quest For Epic Loot with 50 times more control and creativity allowed in your level editor.  And this game allows you to play co-op as you adventure as well, and oh, yeh this game doesn't ask for any pay-to-win upgrades or perks as does Epic Loot.So, if you've ever played Mighty Quest For Epic Loot, and enjoyed any aspect of that game, then this game is a MUST-BUY!In my opinion, this is my first ever 'Must Buy' game I've bought and played on Steam, and with over 100 games to date in my library, that's saying something.  :-)Enjoy!"
76561198024316590,Recommended,250560,14875788,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Notavi,"A perfect game for Big Picture mode and a Wireless controller. Simple enough to get the hang of, yet there's a lot of tricks and techniques you can devise using some of the abilities you get :).Also, the level editor is pretty simple and fun to play with. Making maps for this game is as much fun as playing them."
,Recommended,250560,9779462,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Kris,"A good start for pre-release, fun combat and nice looking graphics.You can make your own dungeons with a user friendly editor, and as far as I have seen most dungeons are user created.  There are those slightly annoying dungeons that have a stupid challenges like climbing up on the edge of the map to jump over props blocking the way, I don't mind tons of mobs, traps, keys and so on.  So do be aware that some people will create stupid dungeons.If you are interested in the editor it is quite nice.[This review is early and I may add more in the future]"
76561198029170452,Recommended,250560,15342529,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,dulled_edge,"I cannot recommend this game enough. There is very little to complain about. Fun for short or extended play sessions. Progrssion is fair, and nothing is blocked behind a paywalls. No fun bucks required, just buy it, play it, the sky's the limit. It's everything that I wanted in Quest for Epic Loot, but didnt' get.First off, I feel like this game is like if Zelda, Diablo, and Little Big Planet. And like LBP it has something for everyone. if you like to play top down rpg's; you have an ever expanding selection of adventures. If you like to be creative, the level creatore is robust yet easy to learn. And, within those two categories' it has much to offer for the level of complexity that you desire.You could focus on being artistic or you can use it more like RPG maker. Designing complex events, quests, or puzzles. You could simply play a level or two and see the sights or you could could delve heavily into optimizing your stats. Play by yourself, with friends, or strangers.The online component is very intuitive. You can group up with friends privately or publicly. I haven't had any serious problems with lag. And, since it's all cooperative I have seen the least ill will playing this than any other online game I've ever experienced.I like thet there is some steam workshop support for character models. Instead of having to spend real money on fun bucks when I get bored with my appearence, I can just download a new one. It's touches like that that make me feel like I'm not being denied any content so the dev can weasel money out of me.Also to the devs' credit. they have a suggestions forum that they actially take into acoount when releasing updates. So if you feel something is lacking, they may actually improve on it itf it's a good idea.All in all, 9 out of 10. Worth every penny."
76561197973470271,Recommended,250560,14739016,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,BloodySirius,"I'm not a reviewer writer but I had to put my 0.02 worth for this game. After approx. 15 hrs of game time I have to say this is one of the most enjoyable games I have played in a long time. Yes, it relies on user created content but that content keeps getting better and better.The more people mess with ACK the better this game is going to be. I highly recomend this game to anyone that wants to just have some relaxing fun."
76561197971063003,Recommended,250560,13339323,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Ruck Bogers,"*Edited my earlier comments*FtD is a blast to play but you have to pay attention to the details.  If you want to select which user-created content you are going to play you have to right-click on the tiles to bring up the gallery.  Pay close attention to adventure ratings as players are able to rate content higher or lower.  Also, pay special attention to the easiness of adventures.  I made the mistake of playing more difficult adventures which my character was not ready for.  But I went back and chose correctly for my character and skills and was able to finish with minimal deaths. :)FtD may require a few passes before you ""get it"".  Once you do, it's a hoot to play.  It's nice to be able to quickly run through an adventure."
,Recommended,250560,9682052,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,BOT CHEESE,A very good game for people who like playing hack and slashers. The promblemk is that not enough people play the game right now and that is very unpsetting for a game of such quaility.
76561198010331785,Recommended,250560,28170715,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,K3YG3N,Excellent gameplay with a group. I've been playing with 2 other friends and it has given a nice challenge to our group. The community created maps and customizations for your character is great! I'm level 6 right now and the only downside I've noticed is not being able to fight the dragon as a group. Did a couple solo runs and he is giving me a good challenge. Probably just need to level up some. Overall really fun hack slash and loot based game!
76561198000611554,Recommended,250560,31362441,Posted: 25 April,all,S I R E 礼拝,Great game to play with a friend / loved one.Disappointed with the developers attitude on adding features they think are useless or add no value even though the players have asked. Get the feeling they wanted nothing to do with the game after they finished it.Not a recommend if you're planning on solo play or internet multiplayer.
76561197961150937,Recommended,250560,33281485,Posted: 5 July,all,eau l'Mèr,"If you are into Indie games and like Diablo or similar games,it's definetly worth buying.it's a no brainer as steam sale, but also worth the full price.I have seen some minor negative reviews, who seem to ignore, this game is an indie game.So keep that in mind and don't expect it provide features or graphics like a AAA-game like Diablo 3, etc.Also at the beginning, you should use the filter and only play well rated adventures.The battle system is relatively simple, although the RPG-aspects regarding your character (stats, abilities) are probably as complex as the ones in Diablo 3.You can choose from 4 Classes (Warrior, Rogue, Ice Wizzard, Fire Wizzard), each playable as male or female.although the wizzards feel more like one class. It's basicly the decision in Diablo 2, if you want to play as Fire or Ice sorceress.depending on the equipment you find, you can also play all classes as melee or ranged heroes.- the Warrior is the heavy, resistant melee class- the Rogue is both strong in dealing ranged and melee damage- the Wizzards are strong AoE damage dealers, with the frost wizzard being more able to kite.The fun for someone new is definetly the loot-system, which is nearly as addicting as the loot-system of Diablo 2 or 3.only nearly as addicting, because unfortunately there are not set-items.And of course you leveling up gives you the opportunity to spend skill points on 4 different stats.You basicly play short-storys or whole campaigns, created by other players, so the fun strongly depends on how good the map is, you choose to play.that's why i recommend to use the filter-system, only playing well-rated adventures at first.THE ACTUAL FUN BEGINS, after you have played some standard and user-generated levels,and you start to create your very own adventures using the ACK (adventure creator kit).there you design your own level, building dungeons, villages, forests, etc.placing enemies, NPCs and loot chests in it.and if you use the trigger features, you almost feel a little bit like a game developper yourself, since these triggers are basicly visualized programming functions.Being visualized makes it even for someone, who never has programmed before easy to do basic programming and therefor make your levels more complex.The game also has a multiplayer-feature, making it possible to play every level or campaign as a group.Although due to the relatively small active community, I recommend to play the game with friends, if you want to actually play the multiplayer.But even as a Single-Player, the game is a lot of fun.In a nutshell:it's an Indie-RPG game with a strong editor,worth every penny!"
,Recommended,250560,16483451,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lando,"This game is a great ""Create your own adventure game""  Perfect for anyone who likes storytelling and creating adventures.  The controls are super easy and controller compatible.You can play the content given to you, or you can play community made level(So much more fun) or create your own and see how the community likes it!4 easy to learn classes, and limitless possibilities.  I have had this game a while and bought it for more that the sale price, and still love picking it up here and there for a level or two."
,Recommended,250560,29026086,Posted: 4 January,all,Rex Draco,"This is one of those games that is special. It isn't perfect, nor is it amazing, but it's definitely special. The concept is simple, your typical Diablo clone (though it feels more like Gauntlet) with a bit of Little Big Planet.There isn't a whole lot of Little Big Planet influenced content. For example, the way you can customize your character is limited. You find loot and you wear it. The loot makes your character both look different as well boosts some stats, enable some abilities, etc. Little Big Planet wins hard by character customization. As far as level creation goes, it wins as far as I can tell. Maybe it doesn't win by content, for Little Big Planet wins hands down as far as content you can mess with, but this game wins as far as control to the point you can actually make some pretty fun quests.The gameplay is simplistic. You attack, you level up, you develop a play style, you get better, you attack more. You finish levels for loot, coins, and xp. Loot and coins can both be donated to a ""shrine"" in your home level (or pod, if you're thinking little big planet, but you cannot customize it like you could your pod in LBP). When you donate enough and then pray, you then unlock randomly options you can choose from such as a better item, stamina boost, health boost, inventory increase, etc.There is one thing unique beyond all of this, you're doing all of this for one major objective. You are leveling yourself up and grinding for better items so you can fight a dragon. Shocker, a game called Fight the Dragon and it's all about fighting a dragon. The catch is that it has a lot of health, 1 million HP to be exact, and your goal is to fight it and deal as much damage as possible. If you die, the hp doesn'treset. You can die and come back later, continuing where you have left off. This is a cool, interesting, unique game feature.Considering how low of a price this game is, the fact it still has a four pack, and how enjoyable it is, I'd say it's worth full price easily. If you want, you can easily wait for a sale where it goes nearly half off, which is an even more incredible deal. The game might not get 100 hours from me, but I'll get my money's worth."
76561198008228904,Recommended,250560,9647543,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Krellenus,"INDIE/RPG VALHALLA!!!!!  This is a fun Diablo + Minecraft type of game that you can play with friends or solo.The idea of building your own levels normally means a HUGE time sink but this game allows you to spend a small bit of time making simple levels to fully laid out levels with your imagination as your guide. It's simple, fight through levels of enemies getting tickets towards an epic boss battle (A Dragon) where you can get epic gear.The Devs are fully invested in this game giving updates often and they aren't always just minor tweaks but full bug fixes/additions etc. I also haven't noticed too many bugs other than a few enemies sticking in walls etc. but it is minor and not game breaking.Right now you can play two types of characters (knight/Fire mage) with two or more to be added later. The controls are mappable (ie.. WASD/Arrow keys) and the game plays great and is a lot of fun! A must buy for any RPG player! You can only level up to 30 atm but that will change as the game additions flood in. This is one of my favorite games atm.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!"
,Recommended,250560,16736881,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,NeonPoison,if you like hack and slash games where you can build you own dungeons and have other people play them.. this game is for you... The combat is very smooth and is very well rounded in every aspect. The dungeon creater is very easy to use and you can let you imagination run wild while♥♥♥♥♥♥off other players but loving you at the same time lol. Right now there are only 4 classes but devs are very intune with the community and always asking what else they should add. I can see myself playing this game for a very long time.if you have the money i HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game....these devs will not let you down and I can bet you will be drawn into from the get gogame gets 10/10 from me so hard to find games this well made
76561198034359392,Recommended,250560,13249258,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,-=WilD=-,"Trully awesome game!Enjoy advantures in user created dungeons, both small dungeons and large,dungeons of all sort and kind, from frozen forests, to hunted castles, to fields flooded with lava.Fight bosses, get all sort of loot.Tired of advanturing? Start making your own dungeons, and publush them so that other can enjoy them.4 difficulties for every dungeon, tons of items!Game is easy to learn, but hard to master :)"
,Not Recommended,250560,16574387,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ronzilla,"This would be a great game for someone new to action RPGs--maybe a budding game designer in middle school or high school who hasn't played this sort of game before. It's got a whole construction set for building maps, isn't complex, has a bunch of social features, etcetera. They'd eat it up.But I have a hard time recommending this to someone who's played many games before, as it's been done better many times."
,Recommended,250560,9830104,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,WarriorVet,"Fight the Dragon is, in my opinion, one of the coolest game ideas that I have seen, and for the most part it is executed extremely. I originally bought this game in early access and was able to watch it grow, and grow it did.In FTD you create a character, choosing one of the four classes: Rogue, Fighter, Ice Wizard, or Fire Wizard. The classes themselves each have a unique feel to them and it is fun to check each of them out. There is a decent amount of abilities to choose from for each class and they all seem pretty fun to use. You can customize your character with the in-game models provided or you can download new, unique models from the Steam Workshop.Where the game truly shines is the ACK - Adventure Creation Kit. This allows anyone to use all of the assets in the game to create their own unique levels. Obviously some adventures turn out better than others, but there is a healthy amount of extremely creative individuals making adventures that are truly astounding. You create everything in your adventure from NPCs and their dialogue to the landscape and buildings. The most creative individuals have weaved some of the coolest stories I've seen in their adventures, and when you complete them you can even follow the creator to be updated whenever they create a new adventure. There are also measures to prevent creators from making adventures that just give you massive amounts of gear or treasure without doing anything, which is a good thing (why exploit a game, the point is to play and have fun)! Writing about it simply doesn't do it justice and it must be seen by your own eyes.Not everything in FTD is perfect though, in fact one of the largest parts of the game can be quite buggy and frustrating - the combat. You can play the game with a controller or KB/M, but when playing with either I still encounter many enemies that I simply swing at them several times without actually hitting them, even when they're right in front of me. This can lead to some VERY frustrating experiences. On one of my own adventures I created I ran into a bug where it was impossible for me to kill an enemy, and eventually I ended up being pushed off of the map. Reading other reviews it seems I'm not the only one that has had problems with the combat.Aesthetically the game isn't astounding, but the landscapes can sometimes be very pleasing. The soundtrack again isn't amazing, but there are a decent selection of tracks - you can even choose which will play in your adventure. Even further you can set ""triggers"" that will cue a certain track when an event happens (the ACK is amazing)!After logging 50+ hours in the game, and trudging through the frustrating parts I do have to still give it a thumbs up. The developers do pay attention to the community and they try and fix bugs pretty quick. Hopefully they will be able to fix the combat eventually, then this game would be a masterpiece, but for now I have give it an 8/10.TL;DR Game is really good except for some frustrating combat experience. Creative minds will enjoy making adventures."
,Recommended,250560,14604449,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,tudor1,"Probably one of the most charming and innovative little games i have ever come across. Fight the Dragon allows it's players to develop an RPG style character while at the same time, building their own worlds/levels and even allowing you to share your own and play other people's levels. The artwork style is very very attractive and the game runs great. It will take anyone a little while to grasp some of the mechanics of the level builder but within the hour you'll be cruising along setting traps, spawning trolls and building towering castle walls. The building style is essentially Minecraft but with a blank canvas and on a much grander scale. Sadly however the community hasn't really kicked off as of yet so youre looking at only 1500 content creators. 9/10 and i hope this game gets more publicity."
76561197970441688,Recommended,250560,9685606,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,airart,"This is exactly the right kind of game to get on Greenlight. While I haven't even looked at multiplayer or the editor or even fought a dragon yet, I've seen enough to know there's really something to the idea behind this game. With seemingly endless user generated content out of the gate, I'll be playing a lot of Fight the Dragon. Good stuff :)"
76561198038034948,Recommended,250560,9681785,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Foot Skunk,"This is really fun, it has user generated levels and customize your own. Great for alpha so far. I cant wait to see what it becomes."
76561197970537749,Recommended,250560,22153933,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,kingbobcat,"This game is freaking fantastic! I bought it almost as after after-though since I do like Diablo, but I'm not a huge fan of Little Big Planet... So the description threw me off at first. If you have any doubts about the game, check out some videos on You Tube, they'll give you a pretty good idea about the gameplay. It's a great game and lots of fun... :)One other thing that threw me off: There is no selling of loot in this game. I thought, ""What good is a game with loot if you can't sell it to buy better gear?!?"" But all is well... This game has a very unique system whereas you ""donate"" your gold that you pick up as well as items you decide not to keep. Yeah, that sounds like fun, right? But what you get in return is awesome... The gold and each item has a value and as you donate more, you increase in level as to how good of an item (or special skill or whatever) that you get in return when you ""pray"" (in other words, choose to cash in on your generosity). It works very well in this game and is easy to get used to. Very inventive!I haven't built any levels myself yet... Just been having fun playing levels that other folks have built... And I've already come across some great ones! Very, very cool, and lots of fun! Been playing with an X-Box 360 controller and it works great. It's definitely a pick up and play game, but I can see I'm going to get hours sucked out of my life with this one. Definite Two Thumbs Up!"
76561198156528805,Recommended,250560,19126073,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jwtrooper,Fun RPG that I can pick up and play for a few minutes rather than have to be involved for hours. Decent graphics and variety make this a fun and worthwhile pick.
76561197997898393,Recommended,250560,12309907,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Trauma Panda,"I love this game thus far! I've never really written a review but I have loved this game since I saw it, then bought it, and played it.The Good!-Creative level disign-LOCAL CO-OP! (Wish it was 4 player local co-op though)-I love making maps for friends to run though!-Basic controls (Xbox Controler) for beginers to games (my grilfriend) to play-Entertament in short bursts. Great for casual gamers that want something to do between work, dinner, spending time with family and sleeping.-Awesome artstyle I love that it's not trying to be real!-Traps are to be feared for once! (Unlike most other games... Looking at you Skyrim..)-It's a Rouge like if it wants to be but for the caual gamers there are check points!-YOU WILL DIE! AND ITS FUN AND OK!-When you die your body stays where it died even when you respawn. Gives the feel like an actual adventure died!-You can make a story when you make a map! You make the NPC's stay want you want them too!-Naming bosses is awesome-Killing monster A to open door A or pulling a lever is a cool idea! Makes you feel like a map maker!The bad!-Keyboard and mouse gamers bewear! It's annoying to have the camera angle changing buttons( Q and E ) so close to the moving buttons (W S A D) because in the heat of combat I want to strafe but end um rotating the camera and jumping in lava or getting my face smashed in my an oger or minitoar.-NO FOUR PLAYER LOCAL CO-OP? Come one Dungon Defenders did it really well! Get on it! I have roommates!-Can't play it for more than a few hours (2) because you get board. (Unless your making maps.)-Needs more monsters to fight!-Needs a better loot genorator-Whats gold for?-Fire mage class is OP AS ♥♥♥♥! (Hoards of monsters bewear!)-Better sound efects. Very basic.Overall!8.5/10 Worth the buy and hoping only more to come as it develops!"
,Recommended,250560,24199566,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Xaliber,"Hack and slash RPG with focus on community-created maps. Fun to play with friends.The strong point on this game I think is the community maps--unlike Torchlight II, you can play the custom maps as soon as you finish the first level. The custom maps are very rich in varieties--ranging from simple hack and slash ""kill the boss"" map, to puzzle and crime investigation and campaign map. The great stuff is the community collaborates together in those custom maps, creating a series of maps with sequencial stories.Here are a few examples of those:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=559225869http://steamcommunity.com/app/250560/discussions/3/412446292756896658/It's a pretty fun game to play with friends, but it should be noted that the game itself is pretty barebone: albeit having diverse loot (which gives you some different ways of combat), there is no skill tree. You have skill progression but there is no branch. So with only four classes (Fighter, Rogue, Fire Mage, Ice Mage) there aren't much abilities to be invested in. Also, there is no main storyline as the game relies heavily on custom maps.If you want a quick no-brainer hack and slash with very diverse levels and have several friends to play with, go get this game."
,Recommended,250560,9661891,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,kit89,"A highly enjoyable game with lots of potential. This review is based on Early Access: Alpha 2.1. The concept of this game is simple, explore an array of user generated dungeons to acquire equipment and improve your character, currently only the Fighter & Fire Lord are available to play.The games combat system is simple and well defined, though I am not entirely comfortable with the controllers interface, I found myself continuosly trying to open( X ) an enemy rather than attack them. Perhaps allow for controller remapping, or provide a map that uses the Left/Right Triggers for combat?Enemy characters look exceptional and are initially enjoyable to slay, however after a few levels I found myself killing the same monsters with little variance in their combat tactics, most monsetrs operate on a run towards player and attack strategy.The game provides a swathe of equipment, with some rather enjoyable names, running through a dungeon can easily see your backpack being full of primarily junk items which you don't seem to be able to sell anywhere. In fact you can accumulate money but I'm not sure where you spend it?Dungeons can feel slightly bland with monsters only being used as the main challenge, hopefully as users become more familiar with the map-editor and the editor provides more tools to create unique set-pieces that provide memorable engagements this will be satiated.Overall I found the game exceptionally enjoyable to play, but as it is Early Access lacking some of the components that could make it a truly great game. I look forward to seeing more from the developer, 3 Sprockets."
,Recommended,250560,9672069,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Abyssus_j,"A must have game and deserves a place amongst the greats in the history of gaming.Fight the Dragon is thoroughly enjoyable hack 'n' slash adventure that is supprisingly suitiable for both casual players and entheusiasts.Game sessions are divided into mini-adventures where you enter a perilous dungeon to conquer foes and discover epic loot.The mini-adventure style combined with reams of user generated content, creates the right balance of endless game play while still producing a great sense of accomplishment and progress as you play the game.This is a brilliant must have game."
76561198014546506,Recommended,250560,16103177,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Joachim von Cockensocket,"I can only tentatively recommend Fight The Dragon as it stands right now.The game, when it behaves, is fun. Slashing or blasting your way through adventure after adventure is addicting, whether you're running through a new one or coming back to an old favorite for the thirtieth time because it's solidly made. The rewards for doing what the name of the game asks of you are nice, thought the timers are a bit irritating. The Adventure Creation Kit works just fine, as well. Which it should, because that's where Three Sprockets seems to be putting all their attention.Some weapons refuse to connect. The greatsword is the perfect example; the first two swings tend to miss. A lot. Even if the swing looks like it should have bisected your target. The axe also tends to catch air if you put it half an inch to the side of where the axe thinks it should be. Using these weapons WILL have you taking unnecessary hits. Projectile hitboxes are also an issue, with staff bolts impacting the guy next to your target, or the auto-target clinging to a mook because it happens to be a foot closer to you than your target.Then there's the platforming. It's weird, sticky, and slide-y. Relatively flat levels won't have the issue, or at least it won't be that noticeable. But, considering that the game is pretty much all community levels - and I won't be speaking to their quality here, it's not the place - there are going to be platforming challenges, even if the level description doesn't advertise it.Tip: ANGLE THE CAMERA.Make the jump straight forward. If you don't, there's a good chance you'll just 'walk' on the edge for a bit before the game gets bored and bounces you off into the abyss. Simple things like stairs can either be a little flavor added to a level or a fragmented turd unceremoniously pinched off from the♥♥♥♥♥♥of the Antichrist. You will - WILL, it's a guarantee - see your character fling themselves off into empty air because you turned around on a cliffside and got too close, or be attracted Nathan Drake-style to a climbable ledge precisely when you don't want to be.If Three Sprockets fixes the above - come on, guys, combat and movement are only TWO-THIRDS OF THE GAME - then I can fully recommend Fight The Dragon. As it stands now, only get it if you can handle the game not doing what you tell it to."
76561198079872413,Recommended,250560,14912386,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kristof Oliwa,"It takes hours to build an adventure and minutes to beat it, but its all worth it. Build. Kill. Loot. Replay. One day I will get that dragon below 900,000 HP."
,Recommended,250560,13646373,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[tG] _KenjiSan,"Early impressions and a very cautious recommendationthis is an early impression of fight the dragon, as such this ""review"" may change over time. however most if not all the mechanics of the game have been shown to me, and i'm really just playing through user created content now.This early impressions does not include co-op or the level editor, this is based purely on the single player experienceFight the dragon is a Community driven hack n slash RPG with tons of loot, played in an isometric top down sort of style. The main goal seems to involve level grinding up to attain better loot to fight the dragon, to get more loot so you can level grind more and eventually beat the dragon.This game has been quite a bit of fun to play so far however it becomes pretty repetitive pretty fast. I've put together a bit of list based on what i've seen so far and then catagorized them into a pros and cons sort of list.PROSNice, sleek, cute graphicsworks great with a controller (in fact i think i'd recommend a controller for this game)Tons of lootA lot of levels to play through (i'm talking about over 9000 levels, though most seem to be beat-able within 5-10 minutes; which is a good or bad thing depending on your point of view)some nice puzzles and level design (depends entirely on the content creator)content seems to entirely come from the community, which is rather niceCONSso far death has only come to me through sheer overwhelming numbers or falling off the mapthe combat system is very repetative, you have your normal attack, strong attack, dodge and about 4 magic spells (3 of which are unlocked through level progression), there is a bit of variety though with 4 classes to choose from but they all have what is mentioned above in terms of combatenemies are pretty much all the same and act the same except for a few speciality monsters (they just tend to run after you or if they're ranged they'll shoot at you however they always miss if youre moving around)there's not much to say in terms of combat tactics other than just kiting to stun and then using magic, you also have health and mana potions, but there's no in-depth, immersive combat to speak of.level progression seems rather slowoverall combat is lack luster, it's enjoyable at first but because of its rather simple combat mechanics gets old rather quickly.ConclusionFight the dragon offers a neat little hack n' slash supported entirely by a community, it offers a ton of loot and levels to play through. The game suffers from shallow repetitive combat that brings the overall experience down to knee deep level grinding while hunting for better loot to slay the dragon.overall i would only recommend this game if it's on sale due to it being rather repetitive in nature because of it's combat mechanics."
76561197992674721,Recommended,250560,9693786,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,DDD,"Amazing mix of crafting game like minecraft and Hack'n slash !!!!!! I understand now why there aren't any (i mean 0), negative reviews at this stage of the release. First of all, the graphics are great ! the art is really unique and everything is made with lots of taste. Second, the music is excellent so are the sound effects. Three, the gameplay is really good too, u use w-s-a-d to move the character and turning the mouse around to face a direction, it's smooth and feels great. And i have a special ""coup de coeur"" for the blood effects, really awesome stuff. The game is in alpha but already so much content it looks like, you can create your own levels and there are achievements and trading cards too. But really, check this one out, trust me."
,Recommended,250560,23324440,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Steiner,"As someone who purchased this game for about $3 during a sale, I have to say I'm very happy with it, as such, my positive recommendation is based on a sale price - I can't speak the value of full-price.Despite this, just look at the list of features this game provides. Online and local co-op, as well as fully customisable characters and a plethora of user-generated content. You'll basically never run out of stuff to do. Playing Fight the Dragon with 4 friends is honestly a treat, and the map creator is fun and extensive.Really my only gripe with the game is that as of the last time I checked you can't fight the eponymous dragon with friends, as it seems to be a strictly single-player experience. All in all a great game which is a steal if you can get it as cheap as I did."
,Recommended,250560,13272692,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,codehulk,Torchlight + Hammerwatch = Fight the Dragon :)
,Recommended,250560,13537009,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Eron,"----------------------------------Personal opinion-------------------------------------------If you are in doubt about this game I’ll resume to you what it is in just one phrase: ""FIGHT THE DRAGON HAS EVERYTHING YOU COULD EXPECT OF A GREAT AND EPIC GAME"".We could see around the steam thousands of indie games being abandoned and the creators just do not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their customers. They just gave it up and we players who paid for the game… you know. But anyway, in this case the game feels extremely the opposite, the creators look extremely friendly and attentive to the community, I always seens SeonR on the forums answering the guys and giving help to them. They do updates every week, not great ones but they’re always improving the game. I also added him and he just accepted and I was just like: lol? Seriously?Yeah! They are “the guys”, if you still not believing me, go in the forums and check for yourself!----------------------------------------Technical points---------------------------------------Overview in topics:- Physics looks perfect and really well done. (10/10)- Graphics. (10/10)- Key bindings. (8/10)- Fun. (Over 8000+ haha)- Overall gameplay. (9.5/10)- ACK Maps editor .(9.5/10)*They will need some time to do more props andoptions to make your own dungeon/adventure/campaignand of course do some opmitization in the commands. But there'snothing to reclaim about, it works fine and fulfills the purpose letting youto create great and epic campaigns/adventures.- Music (3/10)This is the only thing i've to reclaim about, there are no much options of music and it turns sickening over the time, but as it was released few days ago and as I've seen, the game creators are VERY, seriously VERY COMPETENT and active in the forums solving troubles, doubts and any other kind of issues. So all you need to do in this case is give them time, that's all they need."
76561198117633505,Recommended,250560,30804073,Posted: 28 March,all,PROCarryOats,"""SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK, SQUEAK."" - Every projectile in the game10/10 would squeak at the dragon again, if my wife would let me. The sound makes her crazy. Good game to play when your wife is at work."
76561198035391503,Recommended,250560,13229362,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,lagrie,"Pretty good game. allot of fun.If you are a rpg fan, wanna make you own dungeons and play a dungeon crawler.Buy it."
76561198058225013,Recommended,250560,12852030,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,drearydada,"Short version- Found a cardboard box, wore a cardboard box, got smashed by a dragon. A++I don't do reviews, but I feel a bit compelled to do one here because this game really could use more press. This is probably one of the best independent developments I've played, with (as far as I know) an almost entirely novel premise, given that  nearly all the content of the game will be community generated.It's already very fun in its current state. The mechanics are simple, very easy to pick up if you've played any recent isometric action RPGs. The controls are reasonably intuitive, and suit controller based play particularly well (although keyboard and mouse is perfectly viable). Combat is reasonably challenging and satisfying, with slightly more dependence on reflexes than other similar games. There are only a few fundamental puzzle mechanics at the moment- switch operation, pressure pads, key hunts and (interestingly) an autojump mechanic that is based on terrain height. That last mechanic, while seemingly restrictive, actually leads to some interesting puzzle design, and I've already seen it used quite well in some of the player made content.There's the odd bug or ten still, balance is a bit whacky, and some of the content that does need to be developer created (such as classes and items) is a little sparse at the moment, but this is both a great indie development and a very good quality early access in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,250560,12278772,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Tek,"The selling point to Fight the Dragon seems to be that it's the Little Big Planet of Hack n' Slash games. Sadly, if anyone really believes that statement, then they clearly don't understand what LBP is.The game itself is very bare bones and is very far away from having the complexity of LittleBigPlanet 1, let alone 2. Yes, it's currently in Early Access, but I am not seeing any promises of seeing any real depth being added to the game by the time it reaches 1.0.The gameplay is shallow at best. Sure, you have 4 classes and several abilities to boot, with both melee and ranged combat, but it's still just the bare minimum of what can be considered gameplay. After the first 5 levels played you WILL have seen 90% of the replay value this game could possibly offer. Hit enemies. Back off a bit to counter their grouping up on you. Hit them some more. Repeat forever. Activate an AoE skill once in a while not out of necessity but just for the sake of changing things up.So that's the gameplay aspect. But what about the user-created-content? Well, it suffers from two things in particular:1) The shallow, repetitive gameplay directly affects custom content. Simply put, there's only so little you can do with the creation tools that will make your time worthwhile, and those are mainly cosmetic things like the visual design of your map or the story/dialogue paired with it.2)There's very few Logic-systems in the game to work with, and this is what separates this game from the likes of LBP. You are handed the tools to make a top-down hack n' slash dungeon and nothing else. You are creating maps for one very specific game. In LBP, you have the ability to create interesting platforming maps, combat, cutscenes and puzzles limitied almost entirely by your own imagination. You can make a map with a working Chess game complete with a functional AI who can Check-Mate you. Fight the Dragon doesn't even remotely come close to having that level of depth.Now a game isn't bad just because it's not LBP. I simply bring that up because it seems to be somewhat of a slogan for this game, and it's wrong. This game gets a thumbs down because it's shallow. Gameplay becomes boring in a matter of a couple hours and if you're a fan of user-generated-content, you've probably played/used numerous other software that puts this game's Editor to shame already.For now, this is being uninstalled for me, but I'll follow the developer to see if they have anything substantial up their sleeves. The only possible way I can recommend this game for now, is if you intend your young child or sibling to play it, as they will likely have the attention span required to have real fun with this game, due to simply not having experienced anything better."
,Recommended,250560,17847258,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Limbo,"I just bought this game because it was on discount and i thought it was some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and short game that i could just quickly play through when i get bored.BUT!I was very wrong! This game takes time and it's actually really fun!But it gets boring after a while if none of your friends play the game, it does have an option to share your current session so random players can join you.You have 4 different characters to choose from, all of them have multiple different skills and playstyles. You can also make your own maps to play on or share for others to play, you can also play the adventures that other people have made.The maps are often quite big and have multiple areas that are quick to explore with other people, which is why i recommend to play this with friends!I really like and recommend this game!(The first people to see this are probably my friends and this is a message only for them!)Guys... Please... someone buy this game so we can play together! It's boring to play alone!(The first people to see this are probably my friends and this is a message only for them!)"
,Recommended,250560,14335849,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Destromech,"It seems the better idea of this game is to not bother fighting the dragon but instead do campaigns or adventures...First thing to know about the game... always check the custom maps, cause you're missing out on a lot of content you might not see during the first few playthroughs. Doing random maps if fine for the first few maps but it's worth checking what's out there. It won't show you the entire level or loot but it might help you out by not hitting extreme levels so early."
,Recommended,250560,10177319,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Seismic,"I'm conflicted. It's an amazing game but there's a lot to fix, but I know it's still in alpha/beta. If you're playing this, get some friends in on it to share in the bizarre and unusual experience! It's a blast!"
,Recommended,250560,15250889,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,I have no idea what I'm doing,"Kinda simplistic, but incredibly addictive. So far, loot isn't really that exciting, mostly +1 stat and just completely random defense/damage (both min-max values) - but I didn't get any legendaries yet, so yeah. Sometimes lower level loot is considerably stronger than higher level for some reason. Still, you'll go ""SHINY!"", especially when picking loot shrine rewards, which'll make you grind and grind and grind and grind just to sacrifice all the crap.Gotta say, the whole idea of including a level editor and making the community build most of the ""adventures"" was brilliant. I think there's nearly 7k levels right now, so you won't get bored easily, as long as you won't get sick of the mechanics for some reason (things work fine, although sometimes you have trouble getting to tiles slightly higher than the current one, which is annoying).Too afraid to fight the dragon yet~."
,Recommended,250560,12248885,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,MulletMaximus,"Strangely addictive . The loot shrine is my best friend (Like The Tower of Pimps) ! Rogues like the sport of suicidal jumps and this is a hilarious yet action filled little brother of diablo as they state in the description . Minor bugs here and there , but still a pretty solid experience ."
76561198041191001,Recommended,250560,9860815,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,georg.hametner,"Very smooth. This game has all the elements to become a classic, at least in my collection."
76561198008836686,Recommended,250560,13321259,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,BrotherPotato,"Awh man... played it for an hour and I already love it. The fact that it's basically endless with community maps and stuff makes it so nice to play. I started to make my own map too, the editor is actually really simple to use. I picket it up within minutes without even watching the video.Gameplay is smooth, love the graphics style, music is good but sound effects could be better! Overall I loved it and I now know what I'll be playing over christmas break :D"
76561198018148408,Recommended,250560,15164817,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Superchowder,This is a super amazing game if you like hack and slash games and like little big planet this is definitly the game for you!
,Recommended,250560,9938494,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,biship,"Looks pretty, no suprises, plays like it looks. Developers adding/updating frequently and are very active in the forums (and the sub-reddit). The game is missing bells and whistles of a full release game, but is perfectly playable. Its quite enjoyable and pretty. Its correctly priced for what it is, but if the devs keep up this work, I can see it becoming a fully fledged game and worth more. Recommended."
76561198036170520,Recommended,250560,14948475,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,humungousblock,"Awesome Game.  I wasnt sure about it at first, but it has a minecraft graphics set, but much better and more color.  Also The editor is amazing so far.  I would reccomend this game, and give it to your friends as well."
76561198043108578,Recommended,250560,9774934,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,PewPewPew,This game is alot of fun. More Gauntlet than Diablo. The user made content is where this game will shine.There are hundreds made by the community that intergrate with your game. Levels that are rated well will remain playable for others while others that do poorly will see less playtime. It is a well polished experience in both playing and creation cant wait to see what is added to this. If you love hack and slash. Or creating diablical levels for others to survive this is your game. and as a side note dont think you will be able to post something unbeatable. You MUST complete your level for it to post.
,Recommended,250560,9812787,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Robutron,"I tried to hold off on buying this until it was further along in production, but I caved within a few days of discovering it. I have to admit, I was a little disappointed at first. There are some key features missing, e.g., a ""loot shrine"" to sell/buy goods, customization, etc. I also noticed a lack of music and sound effects (I'm not sure if this was due to a bug or not) sometimes while playing. The bugs are few and mostly managable, with the exception of one that somehow disables the ""use"" button. Of course, all this is to be expected in an early access game, and, to be honest, this is probably the most enjoyable early access game that I have played. From what I have seen, the developers are dedicated and very efficient with their updating of the game. If you're on the fence about it, but love the hack&slash and RPG genres, casual games, the idea of an easy-to-use adventure creation tool, and watching a game develop, go for it."
,Recommended,250560,9887715,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Geopixel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPuF7CtKCIMGreat game, made a video review. Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,250560,12311930,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Vomiting Moose,"Keep an eye out for this little game, because THIS ""little game"" is going to become one MASSIVE user-made world for fans of hack'n'slash rpg's to truly enjoy. Have already immensly enjoyed the brief amount of time I have spent conquering player's worlds! (dungeons, levels, quests, adventures, etc..)10/10 WILL PLAY TIME AND TIME AGAIN"
76561198017912895,Recommended,250560,13318686,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Smuckas,"Are you dying to have your thirst quenched for a solid  RPG hack and slash?  Look no further.Simply put this game is like gauntlet met diablo with a comforting playful art and combat style like torchlight, and a level creator that is as simple as minecraftDo you and your buddies think some hack and slashes are too easy? are the waves of monsters just not tough enough for you? GOOD! look no further-- get your crew together making maps in only a few hours with as many enemies as you can handle, with tricks and traps to kill each other, and hidden treasure to share with the adventerous!The community for this game is great, the devs are incredibly friendly and helpful and listen to their fans, and as it stands this game is a fun family game- weekend game and even a fun single player experiencehope they keep up the good work and possibly add another class or 2"
,Recommended,250560,13321984,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,PwndCake,"This game is awesome, 9/10I recommend it to anyone who enjoys playing games. Matter of fact I bought a second copy for a friend because its just that good.Pros:User created contectFun gameplayLoot for daysFeels like a lite DiabloCons:Controlls for keyboard (Mainly camera control) need a little workGraphics are a bit low end in some areas, but for those with less than great rigs that could be a pro"
,Recommended,250560,15442432,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Pepper,This is a great way to kill a weekend.  If you have an old time D&D bug this will definately take care of it.
76561198041940313,Recommended,250560,21294175,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,arslesmeten,"Having buoght this on sale for about 2 euros, I feel like I owe these guys a positive review concidering the 100+ hours I've spent on it.In the beginning it was kind of slow to get into the game for me, a tip I'd like to share:Start with the fighter class, it's good to level up with.Creating maps are very fun (and time consuming, haha) and you can do pretty cool things with the editor.What I like the most with this game, in addition to the editor, is the combat and gearing/levling your character. You have alot of freedom and the combat is pretty deep and challenging.A little problem though is the lack of challenging content. After reaching max level and beating the dragon I've not been able to find alot of challenge among user created maps. But I'm trying to do something this by creating my own end game maps, hope other players will follow.Controls with keyboard and mouse is not the best in my opinion, but gamepad works great.Community is small and friendly.Give it a try!"
,Recommended,250560,10166421,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Poppy McCabe,"What a good idea. The best part of this game is the intuitive level editor that fully supports a controller. Create a level from the couch and run through it in local co-op or share with the world. Great monster and loot system that they seem to keep expanding. And of course the ""fight the dragon"" idea is pretty great. Dragon has a million HP and your damage is cumulative, so keep wacking away at it."
76561198117485588,Recommended,250560,9738338,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,THISSEN97,"100% worth it, no regrets, the creator kit is really intuitive and plenty of great adventures out there :D great community devs are on forums fairly often and are regularly rolling out patches and updates from such a small team so much is coming. really great both casual and pulling you in for longer sessions.BTW if you get this game please check out my firehall level which will release in a couple of hours time, I want to know if it's too hard or doable for most people as I would like to turn it into a saga spanning 5-10 levels thx :D"
76561198071177883,Recommended,250560,14638565,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Rizzit,"I am absoulutely loving this game. it has so much content, due to the fact that there is a level editor, which is awesome!And on top of that, split-screen, and online multiplayer co-op? Even better. The gameplay itself is like a simplified version of diablo. Leveling up and playing through custom made levels is so much fun. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,250560,35357848,Posted: 30 September,all,Nirrudn,"A neat concept, ruined by a lack of progression.  If you can get this for $2 or less, it's probably worth that.  If you want a massive grind game, this is it.Several hours in to a game with literally thousands of maps to play, and I find myself bored.  The scenery changes but the core gameplay hasn't.  The speed of leveling feels like the original EverQuest.  Two days of playing and I'm level 6 of 60.  I've unlocked one new ability, and I'm otherwise indistinguishable from a brand new character.  I feel like I've made no progress at all with my time investment.It's not even necessarly character progression that's the problem either, it's a lack of depth.  The 4 classes play almost identically. They're so homogeneous they even start with the same equipment as opposed to some class-specific gear.  Equip your weapon of choice and either get in melee range to spam the same button, or stay at range and spam the same button.  It's too monotonous.  The only depth comes in the form of class specific skills, but depending on the map you may not get to use those much at all if the creator neglects to include potions.  This plays like a mobile game, not a desktop one.If you're looking for a 10-point rating, I'd say this is a 5."
76561197995158485,Recommended,250560,21273438,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Searanox,"I give a very HESITANT Thumb-up. I'll explain.I can't really judge this as a game, as much as I have to judge it as a toolbox. And, as with any game where you hand the keys to the kingdom to the playerbase, only about 1 in 12 actually knows what they're doing. :(In Fight the Dragon you're given a battle arena against a red dragon with 1 MILLION health, and told to go questing from map to map to build yourself up and fight him. Any damage the dragon takes is cumulative, so even the 2 points of damage you do to him at lvl1 will stay.So, you leap from player-made map to player-made map, fighting monsters and finding loot. As I said, most folks should not be given the tools to make game levels, as they don't know what is appealing, what flows well or even what looks good. I found myself with serious respect for the real industry after playing 50+ maps (there's an achievement for that), and only really liking about 8 of them.But back to the dragon. Each time you finish a level you get a dragon ticket/scroll, which gives you three lives to fight the dragon in the special arena. As I said your damage sticks, so you run in and do as much damage as you can before he freaking annihilates you. Most battles last about 30 seconds, even with three lives. So you chip away at him over time as you level up Just remember:-Fire Resist does NOT work on the Dragon-You CANNOT bring your magic rings, arguably the best items in the game.-Almost all the dragon's attacks have major push-back, so good luck if you're a melee characterThe dragon fight is VERY unfair, and if that is the focus of your time in this game you're going to have a bad time. Instead, I spent my questing hours in search of a good map that felt like a real video game level, and not just something a 9 year-old threw together to mess with people. Not all levels are created equal, and it comes with a thumbs up/sideways/down function, and the ability to leave a comment on the level itself. I blasted a LOT of bad levels, trust me, and praised a few good ones.Fight the Dragon is a cute rpg toolbox, but if you judge by the player-made content, not an especially good game. Get it on sale for a quick distraction, but this is not something to devote to.TL:DR Version:-Dragon has 1 Million HP, you chip away at his health over many attempts.-Dragon fight does not respect fire resistance, magic rings, and allows you no health/mana items.-Dragon can kill you three times in under 40 seconds, burning your Dragon Fight attempt currency.-All the levels outside the tutorial are player-made, most of them are really bad.-Cute, addictive, but not something you're ever going to finish. Only the INSANE will grind away the hours to ACTUALLY slay the dragon."
76561198052301752,Recommended,250560,11676573,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,matthew.fielding,"Awesome game, even though it's still only in Alpha!Very promising with the constant updates and a great community to keep the levels coming."
,Recommended,250560,11704580,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,zephrim,"This game is great! At first I saw this and although the reviews seemed good, it just didn't seem like something I'd enjoy playing. Then I started playing it. This game hits so many of the right buttons it's fantastic.You want dungeon crawls, they got that. You want loot and charcater progression, of course they got that. You want a sandbox and build stuff, yeah they got that too. You want to play online with your friends, they got you covered there as well. I mean I have bought games for each of those reasons alone. To find a game that does all that, looks good, plays well, and has a great dev team...I don't know what your waiting for.Oh are you looking at the User Created Adventures and thinking, ""oh great a few good levels then a bunch of crappy super easy loot runs, and a ton of super hard death trap dungeons."" Well let me stop you right there, because thats not the case at all. Most of the user created adventures I've played were very well balanced and a lot of fun. And using the ACK to make adventures is easy to learn and fun to play around with.Now if your one of the many people on here that gets scared when they see ""Early Access"", don't worry over it. Honestly, you won't notice until update time when they add stuff. Thats right I said add stuff. More monsters, more ways to build adventures. So don't let the ""EA"" on the game scare you off.In summery, great game, lots fun with a ton of variety."
76561198032828224,Recommended,250560,13655850,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kezar1369,Well done action-rpg :) Cooperative mode is great fun where you can spent a lot of time with friends.
76561197974854417,Recommended,250560,13895671,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,American Dream,"I love Fight the Dragon!  I didn't think I would like it as much as I do.  I became addicted right away.  With almost all the levels being user created there is a ton of creative adventures to go on.  As more people find out about the game, more adventures will be made and there will be a seemingly limitless amount of adventures to explore.Creating adventures is quite simple and intuitive.  I made my first level (Rendlehelm Forest) within a few hours and it has some pretty cool features and looks pretty good.  The Steam Workshop items add a lot of options to the character customization, and I expect the options will get even better as more people make more complex pieces.The gameplay is very fun.  Old-school hack & slash with light RPG elements mixed in.  It is so simple yet so fun that I can play this with my young son, and my wife enjoys it too!  It's complex enough though, that I could easily play this with my gamer friends for hours and have a blast.The dragon is a lot of fun to fight too.  At first it seemed hopeless because the dragon is so powerful and you do so little damage.  However, as you level up and get more powerful you see the health finally start coming off in larger chuncks and you really feel like you are accomplishing something.  It's also really cool that it starts at 1,000,000 hitpoints and the damage done to it persists.  Talk about epic battle!  I'll be fighting this dragon for months.I highly recommend this game!  The more people that play and contribute the better it gets!"
,Recommended,250560,14211177,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Bel,"6/10Pros:- Decent release. Not many bugs and devs are constantly working on and fixing.- Steam workshop and customizable content.- The developers are active and give feedback.Cons:- Limited content and customization of content, it is gradually expanding though.- Limited multiplayer options. 2 player local split screen only but 4 player online.- The ACK(editor) lacks function when trying to make content specifically for 2+ players as it requires completing a test-run with only 1 character in order to publish.Other:- Graphics are dated/indie.- Multiplayer is split screen not shared screen. This can be a pro or con. Personally prefer shared screen and helps keep party together, but it is a personal preference and doesn't stop me playing."
,Recommended,250560,17459720,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is a fairly fun, albeit generic, multiplayer dungeon romp.It gets serious points for player made levels, and well done multiplayer. Essentially, anybody can host a game, and it is easy. There is a 'hub' where you can store items and manage your player's stuff, which is really well done. You then venture out into the world as a team.Pros:+Very customizable characters+Fairly tight controls+Crisp graphics+Great controller supportCons:-Feels really generic as far as textures and levels, but I assume this is what you get when custom level building is so easy-Music is meh-There should be an option for larger text when playing on your television - currently its way to difficult to read from the couchIf you have friends that are into RPG dungeon romps, you can't go wrong here."
76561197969066488,Recommended,250560,15507287,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Warlok,"Very Indie, Very cool! A really special game with an amazing personality!"
,Recommended,250560,9652200,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Yeti,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6dVB_OT3v4Fight the Dragon, even in its alpha state, is incredibly loaded and full of potential. The major RPG character archetypes aren't yet introduced as you only have the sword-and-board warrior and a fire mage, with a frost mage currently in development. The dungeon creation is incredibly simple yet powerful, allowing you to create nearly any environment and setup the details such as enemy patrol routes or which combinations of levers open a door.There are a couple dungeons created by 3 Sprockets, but they're mostly tutorial levels. The gimmick here is the user-created content. Dungeons created can be published and thrown into the pool of user-generated content, randomly chosen for an adventurer. There's filters you can set to get the newest dungeons or the highest-rated dungeons, and you can even set up a list of favorites.If you're afraid you'll ""out-level"" a dungeon, don't be. Difficulty and rewards scale with your character so you'll always get enjoyment out of your favorite dungeons. Now, you might say ""Hey, if everything levels with me then how do I tell I'm really strong?"" Cue the dragon.The dragon is a premade dungeon (bascially a door and a platform surrounded by lava) for you to head into from your house very early on. The dragon's health is absolutely insane - the chances of defeating him in one go are nearly impossible. It'll likely takes hundreds of attempts across all of your characters. The dragon's health never resets, so eventually you can defeat him, and as you try to your progress is logged. You're ranked against the world and ranked against your previous attempts, so you can see just how far you've come.I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in a dungeon-crawler. Diablo, Gauntlet, Torchlight - you name it, this game ranks right up there with them, even in it's alpha state."
,Not Recommended,250560,21679476,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,^1Straw^4blue,Pros:Making the maps is a lot of fun (although I would like more options.)Cons:Most of the maps the community makes are awful and it's not easy to find good ones.The combat is mind numbingly boring.
,Recommended,250560,13602013,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,brykoch,"Even hard levels are easy, but Community-created content will provide a lot of fun and surprises. Worth grabbing a 4-pack for you and friends to multiplayer."
,Recommended,250560,16483106,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Shammy,"Despite all of its flaws, this is still one of my favorite games to play with my friends. There is so much fun to be had just exploring and plundering the various missions and dungeons that people have made for this game, ranging from open-world style exploration minions to dungeon crawling and boss rushes. The level editor is simple and easy to use, with the ability to build story into them with NPCs and whatnot giving the game ridiculous longevity.The game isn't perfect, though. The UI takes a little bit of getting used to, and the combat is pretty lacklustre. Not to mention the game's survival is dependent on the support of its player base.TL;DR version:Pros:- Lots of variety in levels- Great to play with friends- Finding new loot is addictive and exciting- Good variety in the different classesCons:- Combat leaves a bit to be desired- Can't easily search for specific levels to play with friends"
,Recommended,250560,13622480,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jaycub,A cheap and fun ARPG that concentrates on the community making 'adventures' and 'campaigns' for it. Combat elements are fun and the loot system is highly rewarding. Game centres around getting loot from the community missions to upgrade your character to fight a dragon in a seperate arena. A great coop game for people that find community driven games fun.
,Recommended,250560,13662426,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TheUnknown,A good hack n slash community based game.
76561198054558637,Recommended,250560,17251485,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Dregorin,"This game is just realy realy funny. You can spend alot of hours at playing this game. And the best thing about playing it, you can do it whenever you want. You just start the game, play an adventure and quit again, if you feel so. On the other side, you can play it for a looong time if you want so. Adventures are finished very quickly and everytime afterwards you can look at your new cool stuff and change equipment. The restloot isn't useless at all, you can put that into a lootshrine and transform multiple scrap parts into a much better weapon or an armor.And if you've got what you want or feel like you're pretty experienced now, you can start creating your own maps. You can do a whole campaign with up to 5 Levels or just create a single adventure. You can do alot of cool stuff with this editor and it isn't that hard to use, even if it looks like. There's a leaderboard for creators of adventures, so if you want, you can try to be the best adventure developer out there haha.So afterall I could recommend this to everyone, to people who doesn't have too much time and to those who have. To fans of editors etc. Go ahead and buy it, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,250560,9692160,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Sym,Fought a dragon. Very accurate. It's also got other things.
76561198036681081,Recommended,250560,9680170,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,ThatOneFox,Lost key and had to commit mass suicide. 10/10
,Recommended,250560,13264597,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/cbman42,An absolute beast of a game. The art style is unique and attractive and the level system is so well-balanced that you can play normally without grinding. I have wasted a good 10+ hours and the stress-free multiplayer system makes it quick and easy to get into a game with friends. I recommend this to anyone looking for a casual-hardcore multiplayer experience.
,Recommended,250560,18896777,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,iostream64,"Interesting and fun game. It does take a while to level, but I love the modern UI.Nice work!Also, thanks for not abandoning the game. I notice you push an update about once a month."
76561198060470937,Recommended,250560,15283577,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,keeperosin,"Okay, so I love the fact that the levels are user made.  I love the nuanced fighting style with dodges, blocks , and stuns (making fighting more than just pumping out spells or spamming the attack button).  The graphics look great but are a llittle cartoony in my book.  I love creating little short stories for missions.  I've just put out an easy called ""kill Jill"", where Jack was pushed down the hill by Jill after the poisoned water in the well turned her into an evil creature.  And I have a medium one called ""Ruin Runner"" where you've been sent to rescue a woman from a bunch of criminals, and end up getting caught up in a treasure hunt in an old abandoned ruin.  And right now I'm working on one (don't have a title for it yet just search for creater named Dyztanz) where a town is overrun with evil when a hell gate opens up in a nearby mine.  That one is likely to be hard because it is so long.  It's a full fledged story with events and a big finale.Where was I?Ok, Pros...nice to look at.great fighting system.diverse character classes,Level creater is intuitive and easy to learnSome of the user created levels are innovative and brilliantFighting the dragon is a great little side game.Easily worth the money and more.(note I haven't even tried multiplayer yet)Consa little cartoony for me.some of the player created content is terrible and poorly thought out.the level creator could use more optons (more diversity in the npc types and enemy types)  That will probably be resolved over time as the developers are still adding contentIf you make a level with any sort of depth and length it is going to be labeled medium, hard or extreme, and unfortunately it seems that everyone goes for the easy missions.I have to work and cant spend all day playing and creating.pudding is better than yogurt.You haven't bought it yet.If you like Diablo style hack and slash, and have a controller, or you used to be a dungeon master and love creating adventures then this is a game custom built for you."
,Recommended,250560,15224585,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,abc0815,Good Fun so far. Recommended
,Recommended,250560,15259327,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Epistaxis,"I got this for the ACK (adventure creation kit?) and it delivers. Yeah, its kid-like graphics and some things simply do not do what you'd expect, but the core is rock solid. Before ever actually playing, I spent 8 hours building a campaign, then finally got around to playing the game. The inventory, loot, xp, loot shrine - ""store"" basically, did NOT leave a lot to be desired. Despite the simplicity, the mechanics are satisfying. This game is a great example of how a non-AAA looking game can blow you away. Heck, could this be the next Minecraft? We'll see."
76561197973679687,Recommended,250560,11756864,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Thunajack,"Simple and brilliant! Although in alpha version, the game works well and it's full of potential.The creator community is also very active so lot of adventures to come."
,Recommended,250560,17808084,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Felis Stellaris,"If you had been a hardcore 24/7 Diablo II player, and just recovered from a stroke, this is probably the game you would play to help you regain your A-RPG gaming sense.10 strokes / 10 strokesWould stroke again."
,Recommended,250560,18276429,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rabbit Sensei Gaming,"If you're looking at purchasing ""Fight the Dragon"", you are making a pretty wise investment with your funds.This title is a dungeon crawler, similar to the games like: ""Diablo"", but with a more light-hearted look and feel to it. However, there's a bit of a different twist to it. For, while you'll start off playing some basic developer created levels, to get aquainted with how the gameplay fully works, you'll soon find that the rest of the game is playing stages that other users have designed.This aspect, in itself, gives the game massive amounts of replayability. As there are new maps (and even campaigns!) being created, by people around the world, each and every day.But, sometimes, we don't want to play other people's levels. So, alongside the gameplay elements of this title, there is also a built-in level creator (Which you probably already guessed at, thanks to the above statements). And, my god is it a good one!The level creator gives you massive variety on what you can build with, and every tool that the developers used when making their stages as well. At first, it will feel a little overwhelming, as there are so many options to choose from, when looking at the blank canvas. However, the tools provided to you are so easy to learn that, as you practice (and play around) with them, you'll find yourself becoming more and more adept, and soon will be making stages that even the devlopers would be jealous of!All these good things said though, there are a few issues that I do have with the game.1 - The difficulty to this game is pretty low, once you get a single good weapon and piece of armor. Allowing you to solo ""Extreme"" difficulty stages, with little problem.2 - You can not fight the final boss (aka: the Dragon) in multi-player. Though, this was likely due to coding reasons, it still takes away a little bit from the feeling of an adventure, when most of the time, you're going to find yourself fighting through levels with your friends, or random allies.3 - The soundtrack isn't that varied, and is limited to maybe a total of 5 or 6 different tunes (Though, what little tracks there are, are still amazing).Despite these small issues I found with the game, ""Fight the Dragon"" is still an AMAZING game! One of which you'll find yourself putting many hours of your life into, just as I did when I played an almost non-stop 24 hour spree of the game.Yes. It's THAT addicting.Final Score: 8.5/10"
76561198056331720,Recommended,250560,17986607,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Prahok,Well....The game is simple enough and is kinda fun. Good maps are few but there is alot of maps as well as you can play your own maps (the assets are really small but hopefully they will grow). I would not say this feels at all like Diablo maybe more like a beta Torchlight...but the game is fun.My issue is I had to reinstall OS. Well turns out characters are saved on local computer all my characters are gone now 2 of them were max lvl and had inventory maxed and all the gear I had gone poof.....So I'm gonna give it a thumbs up cause the game its self is what it says it is a fun little game. Just beware of backing up your char info if you have to reinstall. If you use Steam cloud it might not be an issue but I do not so others like me just beware. The game feels like  that sorta stuff would be saved the same way your custom maps would be (yes they are still there). Anyway pick it up on sale its an ok game.
76561198029584543,Recommended,250560,18061940,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Korean Lady Jesus,"This is a great little game! I've had a lot of fun with it so far. It's a very basic little ARPG with simple graphics and gameplay, but it manages to do a lot with a little. The simple graphics are charming and the simple gameplay actually has a surprising amount of depth once you get into it.Most of the adventures / maps you will play on are created by fellow players! There are tons of maps out there, and players are creating more and more each day. A lot of them are really fun!Adventure creation is where this game really shines. It comes pre-packaged with a very very easy-to-use adventure creation kit (ACK). I never like to even attempt to use these tools when they are packaged with other games because I am a re-tard! But this game's kit is so easy to use even a re-tard like me can create and publish adventures. It really is an awesome little kit.Is this game a Diablo killer? No way! But at $10 or whatever I paid for it, it is an excellent value."
76561198093709578,Recommended,250560,16489295,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,rugbyengr,Haven't had time to play a lot recently but great game! Fun playing split screen with friends! Most maps are made by other players and third-parties which adds a lot of diversity and unlimited replayability. Haven't put in enough time to kill the dragon yet....
,Recommended,250560,17848957,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Gior26,"A wonderful hack-n-slash, I suggest to play it with some friends.An easy to learn editor tha allow to create new community levels.Only, can we have some dualshock-controller support?"
,Recommended,250560,14005686,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RendCycle,"Spent 100+ hours already in this game and just bought it last month. Most of the time, I'm in the Adventure Construction Kit (ACK) building and enhancing my custom Adventure that I share publicly. For me, the draw of the ACK is it's ease of use.  Its similar to how you build houses in ""The Sims"". This game is ideal for frustrated Dungeon Masters of Dungeons & Dragons paper-dice game. You will find here the best user-friendly tool to date that you can use to create your dream adventures to play with your friends in online multi-player or split-screen mode!Just a warning: The ACK assets that you can use in building adventures are still few. But we we're assured it will grow over time.  Also, know that the game still has a lot of noticeable bugs currently. There are also some player-made Adventures available that are quite imbalanced. But the passionate developers are fast in implementing patches, they are persistent in finding solution to known problems, and super active in the community. This game has a lot of exciting potential. I highly recommend it!"
76561197972155384,Recommended,250560,14154171,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Caden Elbowslash,"It's a pretty simple hack and slash RPG. Choose a class (amongst the four classes), name the character, voila you're ready to start. I like the unique concept of the gold shrine. You can either donate equipments to the loot shrine (essentially selling them) and getting gold in return. As your gold amont increases, the rank of loot increases giving you superior ranked (not necessarily great depending on what you are building your character towards), stat point, health (don't underestimate this, it's an extremely important perk like in any RPG game), bag slot, and so on. Not to mention if you always wanted to create your own custom map for games, this game provides that very feature. I have been having a blast at the start but the gameplay gets pretty dull after for awhile because the game starts heading towards the usual grinding and farming for gold coins to sell and donate respectively to the loot shrine and get equipments and perks from it.What would be nice to see in future updates are new features such as more specialised classes (like monk, ranger/archer/battle mage, etc) more variety of weapon classes (like bows, knuckles/dusters, fighting staff, etc), more unique features like the ones implemented (loot shrine custom maps, and etc), and if possible a skill tree for all characters so that we can choose what skills we would want therefore allowing us to create a style suited to individuals instead of the fixed 4 skills."
,Recommended,250560,14769069,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Obsidian War PJs,"I reviewed this once when it was Early Access and panned it for being too simplistic. Several months later, it feels like there's more depth--or maybe since I'm playing more difficult adventures and campaigns there's more interesting stuff happening. Part of it, also, I think, will be my own lack of exploring the available gameplay options to the fullest. Or maybe they weren't there when I played at first.Anyway! tl;dr I'm having fun now and can give this a recommendation. Community content makes or breaks a game like this, and I can certainly say that my second, recent take on it has shown me a lot to enjoy. Go forth and hack those slashes! Or slash those hacks."
76561198122593884,Recommended,250560,14077797,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,RMartian,"A streamlined ARPG with addictive gameplay with all the levelin' and lootin' love you could want.What you will find in FtD:• Thousands of user-made quests.• Tons and tons of loot.• Four varied characters to choose, customize, and level.• Speaking of customizing, you can do that A LOT in this game.• Quest creator included which is easy to learn and opens the door to hours of game design fun!  It's like having unlimited Legos to crete an adventure for people to enjoy.• Multi-player madness at its best. Add friends, multipy the fun.• Casual gaming without losing much of the more hardcore things like looting and leveling.• A varied, if somewhat inconsistent, difficulty.• A low price tag,• Regular updates by Devs.• A fight with a dragon you must enter all alone.What you won't find in FtD:• Not a very deep character creation system. It revolves more around the loot you get as each class comes with predetermined abilities.• A story. There is no story to this game. no story mode. Each quest may or may not include a story within itself or as part of a series of quests (""campaigns"")• Top-of-the line graphics. The graphics have a style that reminds me of detailed and well-animated Legos.• PvP• Crafting• Pay-to-Anything schemes, in-game stores, or micro transactions.The most important thing to know about Fight the Dragon is that it's addictive, hack and slash fun."
76561198028891927,Recommended,250560,14712542,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,thetang22,"Its a pretty fun game.  It relies on user-created content, which can be a good thing.  However, there's a limited amount of resources, so even though there's a ton of different user-created levels you can play...I felt like I had seen most of what the game had to offer after the 17 hours I have on record at the time of this review.  Too many of the user-created levels just feel ""samey"".  The controls are a bit stiff too, as well as the heroes having quite a limited amount of skills.While I'm saying quite a few criticisms, the game is fun for a while.  I won't likely be playing this for 100+ hours, but I could probably get 20-30 hrs of fun out of it before finally putting it away for good (barring any big updates to the game)."
76561198142916512,Recommended,250560,14816382,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,theduke237,This is awesome on many levels just a really good game
,Recommended,250560,14923682,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Babbi-Jan,"I don't know which is best, the gameplay or the map editor. Actually I do. I spend way more time in the editor than playing the game itself. Anyways, really cool game!"
,Recommended,250560,13729635,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,angra,"Fun so far, a good Torchlight 2 ""light"" style game, great fun with friends.  The random and community maps keep it interesting.  My biggest complaint is that the invetory space is very limited, so you have to keep playing the inventory management game mid-adventure."
76561198053844768,Recommended,250560,13736931,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jeebes,Way better than I expected (controller is recommended)
76561198105312408,Recommended,250560,15066038,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Obi-Wan Gerudi,"Well, it's absolutely brilliant in Co-op.Playing alone is ok I guess, but it's made for co-op looting. Lots of exploitable bugs for loot as well.Top notch!"
,Recommended,250560,10353656,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,davidma,Very promising. Works well already.Also it works fine on linux.
,Recommended,250560,11195147,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Wootywoot,"Casual, yet in depth, would highly recommend"
,Recommended,250560,12215953,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Nevrm0re,"Fight the Dragon is a fun little hack n' slash with very basic, Gauntlet-style gameplay. The game is entirely built around player made levels and designed to be played in short bursts, with each level lasting 15 minutes on average. The four available classes are differentiated by each having 4 abilities (in addition to basic attacking), as well as some unique weapon types that are only useable by certain classes.The lack of combat depth may turn some people off but it comes down to personal preference. The adventure creator is easy to use and offers a lot of freedom, with more content being added on a regular basis. At the time of this writing, they've even begun adding a logic system to the creator as well. The game is great for picking up and running through some adventures in your down time where as making levels can keep you busy for hours on end.FTD isn't perfect and has it's issues. The entire game's entertainment value relies on the quality of maps and the variety of tools available to those who make the maps. That being said, the devs are very attentive and really seem to care about making the game better and better. They listen to community feedback and continue to polish and add to the game, pushing out great patches on a quite regular basis. Overall I don't see much to complain about. The game is a fun little gem to spend time in and has the potential for a lot of replayability. I look forward to seeing FTD grow and hopefully its community will as well."
,Recommended,250560,12268944,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,KEVCHARLIE,"Stick to your hearts, you guys have made something brilliant!The developers interact with us all day on the forums, beautiful game and the fans only compliment it,If you're on the wall, BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,250560,12281218,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Swankd,"This game is awesome so far! Design your own dungeons, join others online to take on player created dungeons, fight a dragon, collect large amounts of weapons and armor, and the full game hasn't even been released yet. Looking forward to the final copy!"
,Recommended,250560,13727631,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CTi flauxhawk,"An enjoyable action-RPG. The game is initially somewhat difficult due to a lack of ranged weapon availability. Once you pick one up though things become much easier. It's WASD controls with keys assigned to weapon swap, dodge and block. You have a special meter that allows you to use skills you unlock at 1st, 5th, 10th, and 15th. Each class has specific weapons it can use along with 4 skills. There are generic weapons / armor etc. that all classes can use as well. There are four classes from which to choose with a variety of loot to collect and equip. You earn dragon scrolls by playing new adventures that you can use to 'Fight the Dragon'. This beast starts with 1 million HP and you can use multiple dragon scrolls to whittle down his health. You will die multiple times but are rewarded based on the amount of damage you can do before biting the dust. The dragon's HP is persistent so next time you'll whittle it away even more...The adventure creation kit is fun and easy to use and is the real draw of this - creating, sharing and downloading adventures. There is an excellent feedback system so you can see how many folks have played your adventures, the ratings they provided and any feedback / comments they have to help you improve. Online multiplayer co-op is available as well though I have not tried it.TL;DR : Enjoyable loot-based ARPG. Easy to use adventure creation kit that you can share with friends to play co-op. Persistent dragon HP mechanic is interesting as you do all you can over the course of your adventures to take it down."
,Recommended,250560,13728816,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,jake,LittleBigZeldiablo with controller support and trading cards+ it's early access so it's gonna get more awesomererer all the time..BUY IT :D
,Recommended,250560,13787013,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Straith,"As the description says, it's Diablo + LBP.  I really enjoy the adventure creation kit and what it can create.  I am looking forward to additional content being added though as it has an OK amount of content to be fun, but it needs more for variety.  The main negative I would pose is the AI is a bit clunky at times and multiplayer triggers seem to have issues."
76561198043865255,Recommended,250560,15332333,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Artgineer,"Speaking as a veteran dungeon master, I really like this game. It's really cool to see what kind of adventures people make and a lot of fun to make your own. Combat can feel a little clunky at times, but nothing about it is a deal breaker. Overall, I recomend this game to anyone who likes building up or crawling through dungeons in their spare time."
76561198076288348,Recommended,250560,21719696,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Shagnasty,"This game relies heavily on user generated content, but fortunately there are loads of maps/modules available, in fact there are so many maps that is nearly impossible to play them all. There are many short maps, which makes it suitable for casual play if you don't have much time. The gameplay is simple, yet entertaining, the one thing that i found somewhat annoying is that there is no save during maps, which means you have to finish the map or you loose any progress including xp and items. It is possible to get used to it though.The game works well on linux and with steam controller out of the box, though I find aiming a lot easier with a mouse.If you like action rpg-s you should consider buying this game."
76561198097390535,Recommended,250560,22468056,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,aTRUEgroovie,Diablo plus minecraft
76561198043526259,Recommended,250560,22470583,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,lil_misfit,"After I became intrigued about this game when I heard it was like Little Big Planet, one of my favorite PS3 games. A few questions later and I bought the game. Now 4 hours into the game I am proud to say that I bought this game. It is fun, unique and ""never ending"" but I'll get to that later.You create your character from one of the 4 classes. You can customize their skin and even customize it with some cool skins made with the steam workshop. After you do that they drop you into the hub where you will spend a lot of time ""praying"" to the gift gods and managing your inventory. From here you may go to online mode (multiplayer), go on an adventure or battle the dragon which requires a dragon scroll. Once I beat the developer made levels it started to put me into community made levels which made me nervous but it turns out that the devs don't like garbage levels polluting their game. Which is good. At this point I realised that this game is ""never ending"" because you can create your own adventures or play other adventures after you played the developer ones.The level creation tool deserves more credit than it gets as you can do a lot with the triggers and events. Sadly I have not tried to play this with multiplayer so I cannot give a review on that.Pros:Lots of good unique levelsLevel editorCharacter customizationNice graphical feelCons:I can see how some people can find this game repetative.Games this is similar to:Spiral Knights and (barely) Little Big Planet. More so to spiral knights."
76561198105331787,Recommended,250560,13743111,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Yerkisk,"Excellent game, well done!"
76561198084863223,Recommended,250560,13762833,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Aegon Aetolos,"I have been playing this game for a somewhat long time, and I must praise the game devs for how addicting and fun Fight the Dragon is. I would absolutely recommend this game for anyone who loves Role Playing Games and wants a new taste of adventure. The only complaint I have currently is that the game seemingly deleted my Fire Mage character, who was around level 20, and forced me to delete my game content so I wouldn't have to deal with ""duplicate maps"""
,Recommended,250560,13767146,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,whitejay2010,Reminds me of Ubisoft's The Mighty Quest For Epic Loot if TMQFEL wasn't complete F2P P2W garbage. Might give a full review when I've had more time to play.
,Recommended,250560,15208676,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Messy,"Cool unique little dungeon crawler, very light RPG aspects (skills and leveling) but overall still fun, local co-op support as well so that is a huge plus if you have kids! Dungeons are very random and each one is different than the last they also add new ones every couple hours so you wont have to play the same ones if you dont want to, or if you find a good one you like spam it! :)"
,Recommended,250560,15337857,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Croft,"Fight the dragon is a pretty solid game for being early access.It's already been said but the best way to describe it is Little big planet meets diablo.Everytime i've had issues with any machanics in this game seems to get fixed frequently. It's constantly being polished along with new features being added in. the foundation of the game is solid and i'm really looking foward to the next big updates like scenarios, possible higher tier armor weapons?? stuff like that :).8/10 Absolutely worth the price!"
,Recommended,250560,12240557,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,baron164,"I always like supporting Early Access games that have very active developers. FTD fits that bill, the developer is very active in the community and releases updates regularly.As for the game I picked it up on sale and I have been thoroughly enjoying it. I ran through a few of the included adventures and then set about creating my own. I'm looking forward to when the developer adds campaigns. The level editor is very easy to use and get the hang of. You can have a basic level built and ready to go in a matter of minutes.The combat is less advanced than your typical hack and slash but it's thoroughly enjoyable. Just don't go in expecting Diablo level of combat.I'd say it's the ultimate dungeon crawler as you and the community should provide an unlimited number of dungeons."
76561198006993061,Recommended,250560,13727896,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,rbp111,This is a really fun hacknslash for the price.  Reminds me of cubeworld graphics and effects. What I like is the fact the adventures are short and doesn't suck up alot of time.  I also love the adventure creator and how they have stats for the adventures you have published.  I hope as time goes on they keep adding to it.
,Recommended,250560,15423855,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Soarel,"Probably one of the most underrated games on Steam. Like a pay-to-play Atmosphir. Incredibly fun, simple yet deep creation tools."
,Recommended,250560,11415987,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Chrogion,"Fight the Dragon is a  very nice mini-hack&slash game where you play through several maps that have been created by the community. And I have to say that there are some really nice maps that are fun to play. But there are also maps that aren't thought out so well. But you (and the rest of the community) votes on the map and you can decide to only play maps that have a high community rating. Some people have really interesting ideas for their maps so this game never gets boring.If you expect a storyline in this game, you won't find any because this is not about long-spanning adventures but more about dungeon-runs that do not take that much time. So, if you have a busy life, it's easy to fit in a FtD session inbetween your busy schedule.The level editor is also very nice and intuitive. It's really not surprising that the number of maps for this game has exploded.So, who should buy this game? You should buy this if you like-Hash and Slash games (like Diablo)-Looting and equipment management.-Building your own maps/dungeons and share them-Multiplayer gaming with your friends-fighting hordes of monsters with weapons and spells-solving puzzles (in some maps)Things you might expect but that are not there:-Skilltrees. Each class has a fixed set of abilities that unlock at specific levels-A storyline. But future updates might allow map creaters to link maps to create more epic adventures-Item trading (but you can drop items ingame for your friends)-Always a dark atmosphere like in Diablo. Some maps are dark and menacing, but sometimes the overall visual style is a bit too non-threatening. While the graphics are not as spiffy as in Diablo, I think 3sprockets has done a good job with the visuals.A note for Linux users: There is a thread in the game's forum about systems that are capable of running the game. I'm playing this game just fine with Intel graphics. So check out the thread to see if someone with a similar computer managed to run the game."
,Recommended,250560,12245565,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,mathewthedino,for an alpha i feel like im actualy playing a full game if you get tired of playing you can create your own level. been both a diablo and LBP fan this  game is a must
,Recommended,250560,12277234,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,JuxPlays,"By, far one of the best rpg games that i have played in a while. The dungeon system is so well established, the class are well balanced, the mosters or amazing, the user built maps and dungeons are great, and i mean its just a great game. If you have the money do yourself a favor pick the game up.AND IT'S LOCAL COOP......."
76561198103711130,Recommended,250560,12287566,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,NotTotallyHuman,"Fight The Dragon has got every requirements for becoming a real masterpiece;But there are so many things to add/fix yet, a better customization for the Characters, the Enemies, the possibility to include NPC that can help you in the fight, and the combat system is still too akward and kinda weird, and every Character has got a very limited pool of abilities; IMO a way to solve that could be to introduce a skill tree...The editor is simple and brilliant, just like a Little Big Planet, but it's still very poor and limited.The game is very addictive, and i hope that the full version of the game is gonna ROCK."
,Recommended,250560,13647537,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Telarius,"If you enjoy dungeon crawlers like Diablo or Torchlight, this might be right up your alley.  I really enjoy dungeon crawlers, but quickly grow tired of repetative levels.  The customization via the Workshop really offers a level of flexibility such that the community itself helps the game to evolve.Though there is currently not an overwhelming amount of content available, this game offers incredible potential, and is already enjoyable.  It would be really nice to see a larger variety of classes, but given the price, I certainly cannot complain."
,Recommended,250560,13663113,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ellye,"Pretty fun co-op game to play with friends, and the adventure creation kit is quick and fun."
,Recommended,250560,15208349,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Thorvall,What an awsome lil surprize!  This is a great game !!
,Recommended,250560,15349230,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Quello93,"What seemed like only a few hours turned into 20 hours. I'm only level 8, but I'm addicted to the level creator in Fight the Dragon. Not only is that fun but actually playing the game in itself is a blast. I highly recommend! 10/10"
,Recommended,250560,10222937,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Panokkio,Already feels like a finished game!Almost Infinite replayability!Easily one of the best early access titles that you should buy right now.
76561198041696110,Recommended,250560,11460163,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Milisim,"tHIS GAME IS GREAT. yOU GET TO PLAY OTHER PEOPLES STORIES. YOU GET TO MAKE UP YOUR OWN. FOR THE CURRENT BUILD AND STATE OF THIS GAME, YOU CANT GO WRONG.  IT CAN ONLY GET BETTER FROM HERE ON OUT... MORE OPTIONS, MORE TILES, MORE ENEMIES, MORE THINGS TO MAKE STORIES WITH...... CANT WAIT."
,Recommended,250560,9802907,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,hyeLite,"for how early this game apparently its quite enjoyable, and great fun, fooled around with the level/world builder a bit, while basic it doesnt take forever to learn, looking forward to more development on this enjoyable co-op hack n slash"
76561198044515520,Recommended,250560,12196543,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Silver Knight Ledo,"I'd been looking at this game for month's watching it develop and I'm impressed, I loved the potential, but wanted to watch the progress before I paid the $15 and now that I have it I'm glad I found the game, It's a simple game, but with features that make it playable as long as you want. Can't wait to see how far it goes and hope many more stumble upon the game."
,Recommended,250560,12258011,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Nanaramui,"This is an easy to play game, fun and nice, which reminds me of Darkstone by the possibility of creating our dungeons, with a plus for the sharing of them between the community. At least 95% of the user-made levels I played were balanced.There is a lot of grinding and farming involved if you really want to face the poor dragon. But this is nice, who would want to win a game in a few hours?"
,Recommended,250560,12292118,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Disaster Master,"This game is very addicting - I played it for 8 hours the day I bought it. Unlimited amount of user creator maps. I got to level 20 just off running around with a friend. The gear crafting system is pretty neat, although could use a little more work with making the class specific weapons/items (I have a rogue and got 1 decent rogue only item in 20 levels).I just finally tried the editor and I LOVE it. There is still more to be implemented but what is there now is done very well. Making levels is pretty straight forward. There is a little more UI work to be done too, but mostly they just need more time for more content.9/10 for Early Access gaming. It also looks like they update pretty regularly, which is promising for early access."
,Recommended,250560,13639179,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Aenashi,this game is coming along nicely.  A lot of multiplayer fun.  Takes a bit to figure out how to do co-op.  Could use some more polish.  Community building is a great idea :)
,Recommended,250560,13658064,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,memanme,The game is fun to play.The map editor is great and really easy to use.
,Recommended,250560,13735196,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,h4xiom,Incredibly fun and surprisingly challenging! Best game I've played in a long while. 10/10Think Diablo style RPG at the core but with more user flexibility. This game has massive potential and is already among one of my all time favorites. The devs are quite active with the community and still have many plans on adding even more to the game. If you're on the fence about whether or not to get the game then just wait for a sale and pick it up asap. It's definitely worth it.
,Recommended,250560,13780549,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bignutt,Great game for getting your DnD fix inbetween your sessions with your regular DM... Love the ability to create your own adventures and check out the vast amout that has been created.
,Recommended,250560,14176385,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,HazedTG,Lasted longer than a bossage - 11/10
,Recommended,250560,15214028,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Nugget,"If you like dungeon crawlers, you'll love this one!Simple online mode, totally intuitive level editor, and fun online interaction that builds worlds based on player created maps exclusively is a great idea that actually works wiell.Couple that with solid combat and local multiplayer, and you've got yourself a swell deal.Unfortunately, fighting the eponymous dragon is strictly an offline feature. :("
76561198096742032,Recommended,250560,21831315,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,senkiasenswe,"It is a fun drop in/out style game. My only complaint is the limited number of enemies that you can face. I would have liked to have seen sets of enemies that escalate in difficulty. Instead they all adjust to your current level and equipment set. It isn't a serious RPG, so I can't complain much. Worth 5-10 bucks if you play with a friend"
76561198116786626,Recommended,250560,10108778,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Digital Dragoon,This game is evolving to become a good game. The objective is simple and there is a lot of creative depth. Build levels for users. Explore other users levels. Then battle the dragon.This game is heavily based on user generated levels. There is a lot of depth to creating your own levels and creating a storyline using NPCs.The in game level designer works well and is fun to use. They are currently evolving this part of the game.The objective is to level up your character experience by trying out different levels created by other users. This gives you access to fight the dragon. Then you take as much HP of the dragon on each visit. When you finally deplete the dragon of all its HP you have completed the main quest. The dragon has a huge amount of HP so you will have to play a lot of levels to gain access to the dragon. As you play the levels your character become more experienced making him stronger and more effective against the dragon on the next visit.The graphical interface looks sharp and tidy. The actual game graphics may look simple but are very effective for this type of game. There is not many sound effects in the game but what there is sounds very good. I believe more will be added as the game evolves.Highly recommend this game. Fun and creative to play. The developers are adding and updating this game frequently. The game is missing a couple of things from the date this review was submitted. But it is playable and there is plenty to do.
76561198075277696,Recommended,250560,12291057,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Pawel (LINUX),"Very nice game. A lot of build in levels and plaaaaanty of online/downloadable levels. Gameplay little bit like diablo 2, but movement is with the arrows, and there is no quest like in blizzard game. Anyway great job!"
76561198009275870,Recommended,250560,12301089,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,coolj8888,"Hmmm lets see where do i start.... the game was awesome and i played for hours on end getting myself better and better only to log in today wih my lv 32 character gone replaced by a lv 7 char without any of my legendary loot and it wasnt even the right class..... I want my money back NOWI will change this as soon as it is all sorted, working with devs nowUpdate to old review, there was no way to bring my character back but i forgot it was alpha still and some bugs may occur, the game itself is ridiculously fun and has some great features such as the loot shrine that make the grind feel a bit less grindy. despite one error that occured i have enjoyed every minute of playing this game and it is definatly worth the price tag, dont even wait for a discount, GET THIS GAME NOW!"
,Recommended,250560,13795629,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Trinith,"The game is fairly fun but not overly complex; however, having a built-in editor that's easy to use and allows for user-generated content is awesome. Looking forward to more updates :)"
,Recommended,250560,15206132,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,imortus,"This is actually a pretty fun little gane. It's not deep, there's no plot to concern yourself with, but it plays well and accomplishes what it sets out to do. The only downside is that most of the maps you play will be user-created, and those can be hit or miss. Fortunately you can filter by popularity, thumbs-ups, difficulty and more, so it is easy to weed out the disappointing ones."
76561198031128550,Recommended,250560,15209913,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,tcbscott,"Pretty fun action RPG.  Looks really nice, plays really nice, and I'm not sure how many levels have been created in it, but it sure seems immense!"
,Recommended,250560,15252572,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,shadical,this game is awesome and i can just spend hours on it at a time and i just love the loot system and the fact that you can create your own map witch is really cool. great game thanks!
,Recommended,250560,21306770,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Chinspinner,"I give this a thumbs up, but only because it is priced at about the right level for the content you can expect.In terms of gameplay, you work your way through hack and slash isometric maps, collect gear and loot, which you either equip or exchange for stat gains or better gear. Completing maps earns you tickets to ""Fight The Dragon"".The maps usually involve a lot of clicking and running, as well as puzzles revolving largely around pressure pads and levers hidden within maze-like environments. Fighting the dragon is simply an arena against a boss.This is reasonably fun for a short period of time, but it has little longevity.The best part of the game is the creator, where you can design and build your own maps and campaigns. Despite the limiting graphics, there is actually a lot of freedom to build from the ground up, create relatively complex puzzles and interesting environments. Unfortunately, as always with these games, the maps you produce tend to get lost amongst a lot of crap, or go unnoticed beside those few early maps that received ""thumbs ups"" so show up in most people's searches.I give this a tentative recommendation. It is fun but has little longevity."
,Recommended,250560,22092876,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,MaDgIzMo,A friend asked me to play this gameso i thought give it a tryThe Multiplayer option is not 100% without buggs took us a long time to get it all working finethe graphics are funny but not that specialoverall gameplay is not that bad
,Recommended,250560,10584060,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,pmarek,"Propably one of the best early access games I ever player.Since I buyed it some time ago there were tons of updates and new content. The community is quite active (considering it is early access!).Play it with your friends to maximize the fun and gaming experience.By having the possibilty to create your own adventures and share them with the public you get the feeling of being a small part of the game itself. And of course you can also play your or your friends maps together.There are a few maps, generated by the programmers to help new players but you will most of the time enjoy maps created by other players.So if you like bashing through almost random levels and exploring dungeons created by users or generating your own adventures and levels you should give ""Fight The Dragon"" a try.If you expect a story-based rpg where you don't have (or be able) to enjoy your own interpretation of a story or a realistic adventure you should not buy this game.The story, as I said, is created by the user and you will see by the looks of the pictures that for instance the fighting system is not comparable to the one of for example dark souls."
76561198063621133,Recommended,250560,9768415,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,undertones,Fantastic game...I'm writing this to tell the player to stop reading these reviews and get this game! Even for early access this game has a lot of features and potential. A+
,Recommended,250560,11325666,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,spageti boy,"Very fun and VERY CREATIVE GAME. Though they do require more to make it a long lasting game, its being dealt with very safely and nicely.Some things i would like to pin point that you must understand if you want to play this game.-This game has a VERY SMALL COMMUNITY. (I do expect a growth spurt once its finished.) Though it is online, expect 1-2 servers to be open for the most part. *I have never gone fully online before.*-The game is a BUILD YOUR OWN ADVENTURE, it is not made to be perfect nor are the players. It's building a dream and just enjoying it.-The game is in EARLY ACCESS, sometimes i feel like it really isn't. Its very polished and the bugs iv met were logical and fixable. It's very clean too."
,Recommended,250560,11761458,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Jnfoot,"Great game! Very smooth gameplay, I would say a mix of Zelda and Diablo. Have not tried out the creation kit yet, but licking my chops to get into it. Large mix of items, and depending on the weapon and/or shield equipped, you have different attacks. Definately a solid start to the game, and I am very very excited to see where it leads!"
76561198035914263,Recommended,250560,11770971,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Draegonis,"I don't normally write reviews but for FtD had to make an exception.I know a fair amount of people dread early access games, but the devs working on FtD have something special going on. They are straightforward on what the game is and what they intend to do. They listen and respond to the community and have implemented things that have been suggested. They just have a generally nice vibe about them that is enjoyable.The game itself is lite RPG: the stats won't blow your mind and the gear slowly scales as you level. There are 4 skills per class and 4 classes also a level cap of 40 at this moment. Online/lan/splitscreen local multiplayer arleady in the game and supports the use of controllers. The Hack and Slash elements are well implemented for an Alpha build and is in a very playable state. There are still some bugs to be ironed out and features to be added in but saying that the game still is a ton of fun.The best feature I would have to say is the ACK (adventure creation kit). I have spent at least 1/2 my time playing this game in ACK making adventures. There are still a lot of features to be added like more monsters and more triggers (atm it is only implemented for weather effects) but you can still make some decent adventures given enough time and effort.This game seems like it's flying under the radar but I highly enjoy the game and highly recomend it. It has a lot of potential and looking forward to it!"
76561198017292966,Recommended,250560,12259904,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,The Saltiest Seaman,"I do reccomend this game to anyone who loves builders, things like garrys mod, space engineers, robocraft and the likes. There is plenty to work with in the map maker to eat up hours of your time and enough variety that you'll want to make every concievable type of map your head can come up with.I like the simplicity of it but it can get a little awkward at times when camera angles start to get in the way because of construction work and the lack of a multi level building mechanic at this time is a shame. However the map maker is a solid builder and even I found it easy to use.gameplay is just as simple and enjoyable but camera rotation can get a little annoying when you're in a big brawl and unless you spend a little time observing the game it can be a little difficult to understand the leveling mechanics. Honestly I still havent fully found everything on this yet but thats my own fault for jumping straight into the builder.so as a rundown.PRO's: simple, looks good, easy to control, vast possibilities for inventive maps, replayability due to community contributions.CON's: awkward camera movements, confusing insight on character mechanics (leveling, ability use, potion use).I've had this game a few days at the writing of this so I have yet to fully see everything it has to offer but this is what I have observed so far."
76561198042581573,Recommended,250560,12281442,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,SilverCrest Zero,"I liked the game alot at first,I bought it at a impulse!But what a boner.It does support controllers yes!But the support is so bad that after it disconnected once.You need to reboot the frikking game!And the progress (mainly in dungeons or making maps) is lost....So i'd recommend this to anyone without a controllerAnd that is a turn off since these games are played the best on controllers!Please by all means play this game.But do it after propher controller support"
,Recommended,250560,12301780,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,1994mvs,"great game, nice level editor. I spent more time on it then I want to say"
,Recommended,250560,15219737,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Silverbane,"Fight the Dragon is a really neat game. User generated maps lead you on adventures and empower you to, you guessed it, fight the dragon.Pros:- Fresh gameplay- Fun multiplayer- Diablo-esque item collection- Replay-abilityCons:- Low population (you can fix that)- Not a ton of music variation."
,Recommended,250560,15269040,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,pityugonzales,"Very funny little game, I mostly enjoy online play.Full controll support for only Xbox controllers (x360ce is required for the others)."
76561198045673290,Recommended,250560,11283495,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,fitlsok,"A simple adventuring rpg that makes its main draw the custom adventure creation. This game is worth checking out and keeping track of because once everything is fully released, this will be fantastic."
76561198009624182,Recommended,250560,13832915,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Chilli Dog Dave,"Fun yet simple ""Hack'n'Slash"" with a creative touch of being able to make your own dungeons for others to delve or make really hard ones to challenge yourself and others.definitly worth getting as that entertained me rather well within the first 20minutes"
76561198045923996,Recommended,250560,10105839,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ToXXiC RaGE,I like this game. The idea is simplistic and very creative. User levels add hours of playtime with more levels coming everyday. The graphics are clean and run well on any computer. The only issue I have is the game not saving. I don't know if this is a problem other people face or if it's new. Bought the game the day it came out on steam.
76561198022809948,Recommended,250560,13620338,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,lamenth,"This was a very fun game, kid friendly and easy to get into. Great Co-op play!"
76561198068255615,Recommended,250560,13852518,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Oatmeal,Really fun with friends and yourself but I disconnected from a server and all my stuff reset even all the stuff i got from the loot shrine
76561198020448520,Recommended,250560,10861852,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Killhunger,This little game is huge with potential.  The game lets you play multiple classes of fighters in a fairly simple hack n slash dungeaon crawl format.  Allowing up to 4 person co-op online is even better.  You gain levels new abilites and pick up loot.But that is only half of this game.The missions you play are almost all made by players! The game gived you the tools in the adventure creation tool to make your own adventures and publish them for others to play.The game is still being worked on regularly the dev's are amazing on the forums and they are constantly adding new items monsters decorations and features.Great game and very creative for kids also.  My son loves it!
,Recommended,250560,11867613,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Smoky Goats,This game has amazing potential. Already very polished for an Alpha title.If the developers continue to add variety to the monsters/loot I can see myself playing this for a long time.
,Recommended,250560,13679971,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kumagor0,"I generally don't like hack'n'slash games, but this one is really good. The best thing about it is that you never know what lies ahead, because the game comes with enough player-made maps to never play the same map again and still spend hundreds of hours playing it.It could be better only if it had co-op...wait, it has! It's really easy to connect with your friends and explore dungeons together, which is even more fun, I wish we could kill the Dragon co-op too (dragon killing is solo-only activity currently).So the game is 100% worth the money (and is far more entertaining than, say, Diablo III imho)."
,Recommended,250560,13917829,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,BurningDonut,"I got this game yesterday because i was kinda getting bored of Minecraft now that i've been playing it for a few years. I'd say I made the right decision picking this game out. This is the very first hack 'n slash game i've ever played and it wont be the last! There are not many adventures yet but i dont really care. This game is REALLY difficult so dont ever get used to winning. There's also a level editor that's pretty cool, even though it's advanced. I haven't tried out the multiplayer yet so I can't say anything about that except that it sounds awesome. But although amazing, buggy. Very, very buggy. Most of the time when I die, a litterally fly backwards until I hit a wall. Somtimes I even fall into oblivion. The enemy AI is just as bas as the bugs. There was this one time where an enemy kept on walking into a wall and never stopped even when I was behind him. So I just kept backstabbing him until he died. But even with the bugs and poor enemy AI, It's great game! I'd give it an 8/10."
76561198027069392,Recommended,250560,21925706,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,NimbleSquid,"Fun game...  The controls are like FPS (WSAD, Shift to Sprint, Space to dodge).Unlike Torchlight 2, all achievements are attainable, however will take some time."
,Recommended,250560,24382749,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,War Boy,"This game is pretty good for $15. You get to choose from 4 classes and you get a decent variety of gear as you go along. I like how your final goal is to defeat the dragon, but you can nip away at its health as you progress.It's definitely worth the $15 in my opinion."
,Recommended,250560,13657180,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cthulhu,"A great ARPG which is community driven, theres no main campaing just various levels and campaings made by the community. Simple to create your own levels and its all done in-game. Textures are kinda basic and sometimes lacking but the gameplay makes up for it."
,Recommended,250560,10955928,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,lukkan99,i cant stop play this game it is a  Hack'n Slash RPG and have suport for user made maps so the fun well like never end and if you get this you will be happy if you like  Hack'n Slash RPG
,Recommended,250560,11083481,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Java Awp,"First a quick result: 8.5/10, the game is definitely worth the price.  FUN to play both in SOLO mode and Multiplayer mode.The game looks promising, has a few glitches but I am literally still suprised as many other early access games have many glitches and options ingame are limited.The main idea is go on adventures to gain dragon scrolls, loot and xp to get enough power to defeat THE DRAGON SOLO.Fight The Dragon is still in early access but still manages to impress me in many ways. Firstly, the game has a variety of skills and classes such as a firelord, fighter. It also has a variety of weapons, armour and special skills that requires you to be in a specific class BUT NOT TO WORRY SINCE YOU CAN CREATE MORE THAN ONE CHARACTER. The leveling up mechanics is impressive and it makes sure that gaining XP isn't easy nor hard. The system it uses to go on adventures(or dungeons) is all based on other player's creation. EVEN YOU CAN MAKE A MAP and have it featured.The cons are the few glitches and the servers are generally mediocre and you cannot host locally YET.THE GAME GETS MANY PATCHES( 0~90 Mb) and everytime there's an update, I get more impressed. More features are still being developed, so expect the game to get more interesting and fun.IMO, it is worth the money and future looks promising :-)"
,Recommended,250560,13798782,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Avery Bunker,"This game is a great Family game. We already have been playing for a couple of hours and enjoying it. Also shows how to work as a team, otherwise we die quickly :)"
,Recommended,250560,17545233,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,I slay dragons
76561197993758132,Recommended,250560,17663015,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Melorii,An amazing hack n slash with fantastic Mod/Workshop support. CRaVE iT!!
,Recommended,250560,17682459,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,dowNINit,"There's nothing really to add more than anything that has been said, but I just wanted to give my props to the developer for creating such an astounding fun game.  The beauty is that it never ends.  Players will be designing adventures for this game for years and the dev keeps adding more elements to add into our adventures.  I haven't gotten the opportunity to design an adventure yet, but I'm almost certain I will in the future.  While it does play a lot like Gauntlet, it's still very unique in its own way.  It's a hidden gem that's going to stay installed in my library!"
76561198015998196,Recommended,250560,17257314,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Bjornbuddy3,"This game had great potential. Its still fun and the adventure creator is the best I've seen in a game.Pros+great adventure creator+can play with friends to beat dungeons+great community+fun to play in general+endless content, you'll always play on a new map/adventureCons-sometimes you'll get crappy adventures since they are community made and can be randomly given to you to play.-I feel like there isn't enough variety in the classes, and you can only play as human (unless you use mods)-movement doesen't feel so fluid-dead online, nobody plays online so you'll need to get some friends"
,Recommended,250560,17828280,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Torbjörn,This game is great and huge.Now on sale is a must buy
,Recommended,250560,16742686,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Banjo Kaboom,"It's better than what I thought it was going to be. Pick a character from 4 classes, level up that character, get rare equipment by donating and praying, and you get a randomly-generated adventure that you can play with your friends. Awesome to me!"
,Recommended,250560,16697430,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Happywall,great game .the comunity of this game is great 2 every week there are over 50 fun maps added by the communityi woud buy this game again if i needed 2
76561198091120947,Recommended,250560,16808162,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,TJKing905,"54 hours. Easy to say I am hooked on this game! It is beautifully made, simple to learn, and never gets old. I also have to tip my hat to the dev team who dealt with DATA LOSE! If you're looking for a goofy yet structured hack and slash game, this is it!"
,Recommended,250560,12265384,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Wormri,"Play horribly crafted maps crafted by amateur users that include uneven terrain, horrible structure, no storyline, bad puzzles, and shrek. like the one I made."
,Recommended,250560,10674748,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ash2ka,"Out of my collection so far this is probably my favourite game on Steam.Currently in Alpha 3.9 at the time of writing this is a game that is constantly getting better. It still has a few features that are not active yet and some areas that could be improved... but that is what you would expect from a game in the Early Access area.The Great things about FTD, which is picked up by a lot of players, is that the developers are spending a hell of a lot of time taking feedback and ideas from the community and using it to add to and improve the game.The game itself is a fun hack and slash RPG with multiple classes and User generated levels. SOme of which are absolutely fantastic. If you are sitting on the fence about buying this game (like I was) trust me and just buy it.You wont regret it."
,Recommended,250560,15310310,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Skrewex,"Wow.My first look in this game felt like it would be ""lego-ish"", if that makes any sense. Turns out it wasn't. Just like promised, Diablo and LBP combined. It has the classic Hack & Slash feeling in it, yet making it fun to play as there's so many player-made maps, and most of them are fun to play.Every class has it's own unique skills and abilities. They are quite balanced, except for the Fighter. The game is heavily based on ranged combat (i'm not saying that CQB would suck or anything) mainly because when you have to fight even a little bit bigger groups they do alot of damage to you if you try to melee them. CQB works quite well against single enemies, but ranged weaponry is more effective against groups and bosses.Overall, i'd say this game is awesome and fun to play :)"
,Recommended,250560,13326159,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Tribaal,"This game is awesome! The community-created content is very good and the general idea is very fun. Kudos for split screen play, too!"
76561198042030719,Recommended,250560,9654722,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,UnicornPooping,"I don't normally take the time to review a game, so this is saying something. As it is right now, this game is so much fun. It hasn't unlimited potential with the help of comunity created levels. Each new level I play is an exciting discovery. I have only just started playing this game, but I can't reccomend it enough. There is a huge value to be had for anyone who enjoys Diablo styled gameplay mixed with user created content. Loves it! Can't wait for more."
76561198065057321,Recommended,250560,9665308,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Tux,"Sweet game tons of fun even being in Alpha stage, Not really much people playing at the current moment so joining a multiplayer game is rare unless you and your friends play together. Love the Diablo style were you find randoms items/weapons/armor from chests and enemys.Can't wait to see where this game goes in development, its going to be awesome.Highly Recommended"
76561198108269527,Recommended,250560,9649721,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,quantum_jak,"This game is every bit as cool as it looks. The replayability of this game due to use created content is going to be staggering.        The gameplay is part arpg, part platforming with puzzles involving pressure plates and switches etc... The gameplay is already pretty smooth, combat is not complex, but far from dull. I have noticed a couple glitches, but nothing that occurs consistently or that kills the game. I would heartily recommend that anyone who likes action oriented dungeon-crawling games purchase the early access copy and help support the devs. I can easliy see getting hundreds of hours of gameplay out of this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,250560,20336410,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,sasafras,"Don't know why I love this game so damn much, but I do. This game combines some of my favorite things: loot, and level editing. You can have endless fun creating your very own levels with an intuitive level editor and, play levels created by other players. I must note though that this game is best played with friends, it makes the endless grinding a bit less mundane.But overall Deffinetly worth a buy."
76561198018757869,Not Recommended,250560,21701431,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HuntingU,"needs MORE things to make it feel truely epic, needs more classes, skills, and enime types, as well as new blocks, outfits, and traps. Also. please make a higher placement limit. As the game stands. it feels a bit lack luster. Its a great starting point for a game with this kind idea, dont get me wrong, i love how it works, but it just needs more of what we love about it. adding in just say, 10 more enimes, and 10 more mini bosses, or 3 or 5 actual bosses would help a little. but as is. I can't recomend this game. After about 3 to 6 hurs you've akready seen all there is to see, in most of the combos that there are to see. :<"
,Recommended,250560,11428438,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Simon,"This is the most comic hack and slash rpg sandbox game ever made, which is a good thing. There is forests, ruins, dungeons, castles, creatures, class selection and loot; and thats the pre-made tutorial level! This is a great game and I love to play this all the time with my friends and siblings, then create a level that goes to the game for thousands of people see and play (and the fact that I can show my levels off to my friends) to roam about on whatever i create. Then instead of having about an average six hours of play time and then I get bored, this game has countless hours of playtime because all of the levels are by people like you and me, so far i've only seen one bad level because I could not complete it, but I did report it so stuff like that doesn't happen all the time. If I say so myself this is an awesome game, plus the fact it is only in alpha which means there is more to come and more to do.I rate this game a 8/10 (keep in mind that its only in alpha and i gave it an 8/10)"
76561197975543765,Recommended,250560,14465440,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ABNMP,Gonna get a lot of play time from this. Kid friendly as well.
,Recommended,250560,12366821,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Flux,Awesome!
,Recommended,250560,12431784,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,stuff_here,"Cute characters, cool Adventure Creation Kit"
76561197993257210,Recommended,250560,12320443,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Chr0no5x,"It has potential to be really fun, like a non pay to play version of spiral knights.My one issue:WTF is when the weapon swing direction.  Its like its based on the camera direction, and not the character direction.  I can run down from my perpective,  and left click, and it swings behind me.  Even if I'm holding 'down' the entire time.This is a game breaker for me, until its fixed to be relevant to character facing its a deal breaker.It is based on mouse pointer direction.it is toggle-ableAlso had really fast feed back from the Dev about the issue.  NICE @SeonR"
,Recommended,250560,13268028,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Kafasken [NOR],"Fighting a dragon with 1 mill HP... Did 98 damage and died. Great stuff, next time...."
76561198027328746,Recommended,250560,13297654,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Raven,"To the Dev's,Guys, we need a way to respond to feedback in-game from players who've run through our maps.  Also, the search mechanism for choosing adventures needs work.  There have been several complaints about not being able to search for maps based on user defined tags.  Further, it seems only the top rated maps are visible to players when they're searching for adventures to run.  How can an adventure rise to the top of the ratings if no one can find it?  Please fix these issues so that we are incentivized to continue adding content and telling our friends about this, otherwise, gem of a game!Respectfully,The Rebel Raven"
76561198032234181,Recommended,250560,11457871,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Daddy Burburs,"I have only played 1 hour of this game so far, but I am already enamored with it.  It is incredibly fun and innovative, and it seems to have a lot of replayability.  It is something that I can see myself playing a lot of.  I recommend this game to anyone who wants a fun, innovative RPG to muck around on."
,Recommended,250560,12664935,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Goodnight,Awesome! but my fps is dropping sometimes even though i have the recommended specs T_T might need some more optimization considering its still EA.Its kinda like diablo but with unlimited maps and campaigns and adventures that are unique everytime since everyone can make their own dungeons and share it with the community!Needs more class :D i hope they allow us in the workshop once its implemented to make our own classes :Datm 8/10 would fight the dragon again!(could be 9/10 in the future when more features are implemented and all the bugs/glitches are gone)
76561198085174920,Recommended,250560,13981375,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Assfoot,Fight the angry nerd.
76561198003469372,Recommended,250560,12390320,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Demagnetize,One of the most entertaining games of the year. Wonderful build feature and equally fun adventuring. I wish there was more versatility in textures and so forth but that will probably come.
76561198086758882,Recommended,250560,13977780,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zappieroth132,deffinitly recommended.to those who like dungeon hunter games.it has a bit of a cartoon-ish theme but in a very good way.effects are amazing and support has been great till this pointmaps are all made by the community and it has thousands of hours perhaps even unlimited amount of content.you can level up gain expirience loot weapons and armor and upgrade your character.with as ultimate goal to FIGHT THE DRAGON!
,Recommended,250560,12824916,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Devkalion,Lovelove
,Recommended,250560,12911769,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,<THROW>,"It's OK but don't be fooled by the screenshots as I was. I thought it would've been more fun but so far there are close to 0 players online which I find quite annoying as Single player mode sucks. 	Overall it's an OK game and I would recommend you to get it if you have extra money to spend, so I will be able to play with more people :D"
,Recommended,250560,12994125,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,(Duchess) Sterling Malory Archer,"After about 6 hours of playing the game, i think i have a pretty decent feel on where it stands and how it works ^_^This game is 99% user created content and that can go both ways. your experience can either be fantastic or dreadful depending on the community maps you get. In MY experience i have had very few maps that i hated and quite honestly most of the maps are actually really good!lets get into the pros and cons!Pros:-easy to use level creation kit-game is great for both short and long play sessions-will have steam workshop content in the future (ie skins and other customization features)-very fun multiplayer-its gauntlet meets little big planet!Cons:- the movement can be a little odd to get used to at first, it feels rather stiff- the evasion mechanic can use some work as it will NOT interrupt your current attack. your choice is either tank to deal damage or evade to do none- spell casters in the game still feel like melee classes, this here is a huge problem for me because it makes it feel like the game caters to more tanky characters (ie warrior)-some levels you recieve are outright horrible/cannot be completed (however you CAN delete the map, exit, and block the creator/map from showing up again!)All in all, i would say this game is a must buy if you were EVER a fan of gauntlet or little big planet. you are given a lot of freedom with the in game creation kit, and with the steam workshop and further development i see a real gem on our hands.As long as they sort out that evasion issue and make the caster classes a bit more diverse, AND add some more creatures and tile-sets to the game (or at least allow us to via steam workshop) this game has insane potential.8/10 (score can improve with further development)"
76561197994831624,Recommended,250560,13047076,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,nopant,grind and fight a dragon..
76561198018010251,Recommended,250560,13081045,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Scarab,"This game rocks!And if you experience horrible leveldesign don't blame the devs, it was a player who did it (rocks too!)"
76561198008311485,Recommended,250560,13589143,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MightyHorsty,This game offers alot of Fun.The fact that everyone can create level makes some really awesome stuff possible. only played a few hours but i saw really call maps and enjoyed the challenge.the gameplay itself makes you think of games like diablo.i´m really looking forward to see more and more updates for this awesome game!
76561198019338462,Recommended,250560,13297049,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Poyzo,"Like ARPGs like Diablo, Torchlight and Nox? If so, then you might enjoy Fight The Dragon.The levels are mostly designed by the community. This is actually nice because there will always be something new, unlike the other games I mentioned which have pre-set designs.Pros:- User generated levels- Typical hack n' slash loot fest- Fun solo, with friends or with randomsCons:- Not as in-depth as Diablo 3 or Torchlight- The skills each characer get are pretty lacking; nothing to write home about- Since it's user created content, users can just create a world full of chests, and shut off the enemies (unable to attack you) to get free loot and easy exp."
,Recommended,250560,10964940,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Timba3olf,"If all you could think about while slaying your way through Diablo, Dark Alliance or Torchlight was, ""I wish there was a game that let me make my own dungeons and adventures,"" then this is the game for you.Well, sort of. Fight the Dragon is made for dungeons that take less than a half hour to complete, and the terrain and dungeon-building tools are very Lego or Minecraft-esque. They're still smoothing out the combat (which takes more cues from Gauntlet than modern ARPGs), adding more tilesets and enemies, and developing more classes. But it's a thoroughly pleasant experience for an Early Access game. The dungeon-building is intuitive and well-developed, even at this stage. Updates and regular and substansial, and the developers respond to player feedback. Highly reccomended, especially if, like me, you enjoyed the park builder in Tony Hawk's Pro Skater or the dungeon builder in Neverwinter more than the actual game."
76561198113291506,Recommended,250560,10988554,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pickle Rick!!!,"This is one of the best games i Have EVER Played, not just in early access, but one of my to 3 games of all time, its addictive, has endless replayability, and you can easily create your own levels, rate others, and i have put 6 hours into to the game on the first day of buying, This is a definate must buy For ANYONE, im Not a fan of these type of games but this really got me intrested, and the aspect of fighting a dragon with a million health makes you really ambitious 10/10 a definite must buy for early access and for all time, will definatley play more in the future and looking forward to more updates."
76561198012917500,Recommended,250560,12625238,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Aeon,just got this game and i cant say its bad. it gets boring after a lil while so play with friends (dont forget its early access and should have more content) also every lvl is different so far that ive played.
,Recommended,250560,12675607,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Thomas,superb even in Early Access!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250560,11372921,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ernesto,"I am not going to go into a ton of detail. You should be able to tell what the game is about. I recommend the game whole heartedly. It is still in early access and is more fun and farther along than many game that are supposed to be finished products.You can tell the DEVs love this game and want to make it fun, not just for us, but for themselves.  I have already gotten my moneys worth. In it's current state it is worth the purchase price. If it looks at all like you would like it, go for it. You wont be disapointed.It is only going to get better and better. The finished product is going to be so good. I devote time every day to play this one. I am a gamer from way back. I have a job and family and choose to spend atleast some of the little free time I have each day, playing this."
76561197979991098,Recommended,250560,13065027,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,P0NYSLAYSTATION,LittleBig Diablo Souls in the best possible way
76561198064032140,Recommended,250560,13009993,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Shadowsoul,Brilliant game!
76561198080789353,Recommended,250560,12978084,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,RANDY RANDERSON✌,"I've been playing this game since the very beginning. There's a community feeling about it that doesn't mean that you have to play with others, because so many of us are playing these to escape from people in the first place. The team has added so much new content and is very dedicated. I've gifted this to friends and would recommend it in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,250560,13301438,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,StickyFingers,"It is not everyday you can fight a dragon that hasn't been scaled to allow noobs an easy fight. On the other hand, common enemies scale significantly creating more challenge with each new adventure. Player created content is good for the most part, the downside being some people shouldn't design levels. With the built in ACK though this games limits are broad. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes games. If you don't like games, there is still a big shot you will probably enjoy some of the features of building dungeons. Seriously though, it takes maybe 2 hours of work if you get paid US federal minimum wage. There isn't really an excuse for you not to have it unless you hate fun."
,Recommended,250560,28609040,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HOT DOUG,"I have played about 5 levels so my opinion may not be totally accurate, but I already got a decent grip of how the game works.This game is great when got during a sale (my case). It's relatively fun, the community creation aspect and etc is a big plus, but the combat is kinda clunky for a Hack n' Slash. I found myself waving my weapon at nothing at many times, and the play with mouse + keyboard seem much worse than with a controller, I think a controller recomendation should be there. *However if you press the movement keys on the same direction the mouse is pointing at while striking, it does seem (at least seem) to improve accuracy.Also, despite having quite simplistic graphics, I have both a gaming computer and a notebook, and I found myself shocked to notice that the notebook couldn't run above 30 fps, actually not even above 20. It's an i3 with 4 gigs of memory, and the video card isn't really great, but it plays Dota 2 really well with almost moderate graphic settings. Not being able to run this game just seems... wrong. * NOTE I put the game in the lowest settings and now things are pretty smooth, at least with small mobs so far, but to me it is still weird that Dota 2 on some average aspects still runned smoother. Anyways at least you will probably play the game decently with just a little better than minimum specs.*Anyway I'm not sure if I would recommend this game for full price, but if you are looking for a new way of experiencing old concepts from action rpg-like games, this one will probably keep you entertained for quite some time. I just wish the hitboxes and optimizations were, (I may be wrong here but that's how I felt) better. Still, I think I found myself a new timekiller."
,Recommended,250560,13836871,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,kaiserrandal,Great concept. dungeon creation can be very simple or a bit more complex. Needs more monsters and traps!
76561197974713655,Recommended,250560,11253779,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,m0ef0e,Awesome game with tons of creative potential. Devs have been hard at work with many updates coming rapid-fire after initial release.
,Recommended,250560,12247037,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Teilexu,"First time I'm writing a review, and I got to say this game is really value for money.Mechanics are not very deep, but its simple and addictive. Tons of reasons to keep playing:1) Loot!2) Level up to be more powerful, and wear better loot with higher requirements!3) Donate Loot to the Shrine to earn more loot!4) Earn dragon scrolls to chip off the Dragon's health. Even if you can't kill it, you earn rewards along the way5) You want to grow more powerful to continue killing the Dragon"
76561198074768278,Recommended,250560,12305918,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,themagicfunstore,"I try to keep my fascination with video games under wraps..it's such a loaded topic it makes religion and politics look positively benign. Some things are just too hot to discuss on social media.And as much as I love dungeon crawlers and space games, I have to admit they usually don't hold my interest. World of Warcraft was an exception, but after leveling five characters to 80 my heart just wasn't in it any more.I like to MAKE things, not just play with things other people made..no matter how cool they are. No dungeon crawling fulfills me like painting does, no space battles are as challenging as writing a good song.With Fight the Dragon that may have changed..This is a game that you make yourself.Sure, there are hundreds of levels already made, but you have access to the exact same editor the developers use. Build your dungeon brick by brick. Devise devious traps, puzzles, and mazes. Populate your level with enemies ranging from fire beetles to skeleton archers, each with their own behavior and AI.Make pools of lava, poison, or mud. Rivers of water and bridges with trapdoors. Gates that open if you find the right key. Pressure plates that trigger walls of fire. NPCs that guide the player along their way.Then when you finish making your level, you can publish it. Your level will be played and voted on by other Fight the Dragon players around the world.It's much more fun to make a game than to play a game, and if your kids are into games but you worry that it's not an intellectually stimulating pursuit, you might do well to buy them a copy of Fight the Dragon.And if you're like me and tend to like the idea of games more than games themselves, buy it for yourself. Spend a few hours in video-game legoland and I'll bet you'll be as excited as I am.We finally have the keys to the castle!"
76561197973763462,Recommended,250560,10473724,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,C Kobra,Started with fun gameplay.Updates are slowly fleshing out the game for the better.
,Recommended,250560,18700880,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mewruto,"You get to fight a Dragon, 10/10 would fight again"
,Recommended,250560,9819360,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Tyck,"Fun game with a group of friends, Not so much solo"
,Recommended,250560,13268536,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Hostiledoge,"awesome game. nice Diablo feel, and the unlimited different maps makes this game really sweet"
,Recommended,250560,15209029,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Magus,Great game!
76561198117367774,Recommended,250560,15224286,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Noikallus,10/10 would set on fire again -ign
,Recommended,250560,13648181,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,『PNOTU21 』,GG easy
,Recommended,250560,13774612,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tontus314a,"There's a lot to like about this game - unlimited adventures, fun combat, nice graphics, and a strong developer presence in the forums. It's not perfect though. Community made maps are hit or miss. There's a ton of great content out there, but unfortunately you'll need to wade through quite a bit of clunkers to get to them.As a single player game, it has a limited life span since each map is pretty much the same monsters/puzzles/traps just in different orders. Once you are able to get multiplayer working for more than 5 minutes, it becomes extremely fun again. I'm not sure if the problem lies with me or the servers, but there were plenty of frustrating moments with either disconnects or just plain not being able to connect at all. The gameplay makes those frustrations worth it though, but beware problems do exist.Bottom line, this game is definitely worth full price even with the drawbacks, but as always, it's best to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,250560,15231351,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,シェーン,"I'll be honest here. I really enjoy this game. Is fun, and so creative. It allows the community to be super creative as well, with the in-game game designer. That's where I actually spend most of my time. It's simple, yet deep enough to usually do what you want to do when making an adventure. The dragon is a super boss, you will die much trying to kill it. I'd give this game a 8.5/10."
,Recommended,250560,22594839,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mryayayify,Pretty good game.8/10
,Recommended,250560,13260019,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,HanzStrudel,"I'd like to strart off by saying that Fight the Dragon is quite the GG. It is a good game. It is very fun with some buddies, and it has a very fun hack and slash and loot atmosphere that will have me coming back for more. I do reccommend people get it, although the only bad things that we have been presented with is that you cannot fight the dragon (some big boss) with friends, only in solo mode, and we also felt limited in some ways. The missions did not carry over from when I joined my friends lobby and did like 15 and the gameplay does get a little repetetive. With all of these things considered, I should not have a problem putting over twenty hours onto this game."
76561197988113155,Recommended,250560,13220519,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SAF,"Fun hack-n-slash. Think a basic diablo lite mixed with gauntlet. Has level progression, 4 different classes and loot! Make your own levels and play other users too. I could see this game becoming something grand if it becomes more challenging, and more expansive in terms of the level creator, weapons and armors, and character classes. In its current state, its fun but I keep thinking how much better it could be with more work...the devs seem on it though with frequent updates, so I have high hopes!"
76561198084126091,Recommended,250560,13346183,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ecton213,"This game is really fun. An Rpg and Adventure Creator in one!You gain exp and level up.Find new equipment,Use or trade that new equipment in for new items or bonuses.Create your own adventures and campaigns.The editor is straight forward to you and easy to learn, with a few slightlyharder things it lets you do that takes a bit more practice but not too much.Can play multi-player.4 different classes.Can make or download your own clothing for cool looks.Oh and ofcourse - Fight a dragon!"
,Recommended,250560,13948485,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,BloodWyrm,This Game is definitely a great bang for your buck with adventure creation and diablo-esque combat players from worldwide and randomness only limited to the community's own imagination. have fun and see you in there :)
76561197982989481,Recommended,250560,11710926,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Addicted to Sadness,awsome game :)
,Not Recommended,250560,13876562,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Salmon Snake,"This is my first review, but I feel like i need to write this.This game is good and fun to play, but for a group of 4 this game is really easy, there is player made content cool! There are different monsters and RNG loot, cool! But the game lacks in difficulty, the game is a steamroll after level 5 and gives no challenges, this is a huge issue in my eyes. Also when creating maps you are limited with height options, making mountain maps impossible, and maps are made to be linear, limitations are bad in my opinion, and mob creating is also pretty lame, you cant create cool bosses with high health and damage, and the skills for bosses are lacking because there are none.If you want a cool game for 2-5 hours this is it, but for more its impossible. Need a lot of polish and tweaks to be a good game."
76561198132283559,Not Recommended,250560,14035892,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Pinkrats,"This game gets boring after a while. There's a few hillarious bugs in the game that made me laugh my head off, but that's basically the best part. There are some very challenging and fun dungeons, but most of them are easy as heck, even though they shouldn't be. Why? Crossbows. You basically just need a crossbow and some decent juking strats and kiting strats if things get out of hand, because crossbows can stun enemies. They're basically unbalanced. Also, Fighting the Dragon is kinda boring. It has 4 basic moves that you can all dodge easily except for one of them, and 2 op abilities that can half shot you at level 15ish that you can dodge easily. There's also a bug that you can get while fighting the dragon, maybe in dungeons too. If you stand still and just use basic attacks, the dragon will keep attacking you until you get down to 1 hp. Then, for some reason, the game shows the dragon doing damage, but it actually doesn't and you become virtually immortal unless you use a heavy attack, special move, or you do a dodge roll. It's fun for the first 15 hours, then it gets boring."
,Recommended,250560,29581896,Posted: 30 January,all,Cheddarmunky,"If you have friends to play with this game is really fun. The ability to create levels is a plus too... the downside is the multiplayer option is dead... in the couple days it took me to get 100% on this game I saw 2 other people online, and they were in my LAN game XD. A few bugs here and there like when you load in and everything is working but your character never shows up... that's the worst i ran into. IT IS A BIT GRINDY, UNLESS you equip +XP gear and make a simple level to spam (or look up mine or one called RAT TRAP from this guy TEK-- , overall 7/10"
76561198170453819,Recommended,250560,13799430,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,esprks,awesome
76561198060473095,Recommended,250560,30043537,Posted: 19 February,all,e-luck,Great game to play with kids on split screen! Don't forget to turn off the blood though.Notes for devs:- The fonts are ridiculously small for split screen;- There's a bug: the first player's name is automatically overriden by the second one's.
,Recommended,250560,13197643,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,col000r,Love it! Make your own Dungeons and crawl them with your friends!
,Recommended,250560,13087543,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,dick facy,"Cartoony hack'n slash fun. Different weapon types (swords or clubs with shields, shuriken, crossbow, frost staff, halberd, spears etc) change up your characters combat style and they differ depending on your class.  It's a nice feature because this game is an absolute loot-fest in the best way possible. It gives you enough decent loot that you can upgrade consistently without feeling over powered, nor like it's gimicky. There is an interesting trader mechanic in this game that I've come to like, wherein you sell your items for gold, and ""donate"" your gold and pray to the gods to see what extremely rare loot, stat points, inventory slots, or dragon tickets they'll offer.  Much like a lottery, but you get 3 choices and get to choose one. And don't dare trying to Fight the Dragon. It will whoop yo'♥♥♥♥♥ Absolutely worth the price, I scooped up two extra copies for my girlfriend and brother, and having people to play with is awesome! If you don't have any friends with this game, you can always host or join a global server with lots of ease."
,Recommended,250560,13322649,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ioquatix,"This game is very polished. If you like Dungeon Defenders, Gauntlet, Diablo, Neverwinter Nights, etc, you will love this game."
76561198054106233,Recommended,250560,27611141,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,D8CHDO,Great little rpg with tremendous replay value.. YOu can play untold number of quests and campaigns made from others or make your own with the level editor.. The possibilities are endless. The classes are well balanced and of course the hack an slash loot grabbing never gets old. Don't let the innocent look fool you .... it gets pretty damn intense at times. And if you're up  to the challenge.. there's always the dragon waiting to destroy you. Super fun all around goodness.
76561198134701399,Recommended,250560,13324786,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,WEWERSDS,Nice game!
76561197995497155,Recommended,250560,9655103,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Codus Plex,"What's there to say about FTD? Well I can tell you it's nothing bad. This game is totally worth th $15 asking price. It's a solid ARPG and the ability to build your own adventures and share them with the world is a fantasic feature that ot only works well but also adds a level of replayability not seen in most games. With an awesome devlopement team that's pushing updates pretty much weekly to add content and fix bugs as well as listen to player feedback I see this game going places. So buy the game, grab some friends or go it solo. Either way you will not be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,250560,13628238,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bignastycupcake,"I have to recommend this game, it's too hard not too. Fight the Dragon is a really REALLY nice RPG, and it's early access! The amount of content that's already in it, and I'm only around 35 minutes in, since I just bought it for a discount, so I would love to see this game have some nice updates too it, before I can judge the amount of time it takes for updates, I need to wait for the next two updates, then I can estimate right around how long it takes, I will update the review as I go on, if your looking for a good RPG with friends, I HIGHLY recommend getting this one, the controls are very easy, but can be kinda confusing, while one potion button (for me for some reason, I need to change it) is on one side of the keyboard, while the other is on the other side, the adventures I guess are endless, I can't say that that's completely true yet, as I will continue to update the review as I play, but I will not regret buying this, nor will I ever think this game is terrible, but I hope they don't ruin the game, but I simply can't believe it, and I don't want too."
76561198077699615,Recommended,250560,13309626,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Greensiili,"Well, I recommend you get this game with some friends. You can make maps and ask them to beat the big boss and watch them die :D I think this game have a great future. I like it, I recommend it and I am waiting this week end to spend more time on it :)"
76561198078964409,Recommended,250560,13470878,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,petezhut,"This is a really fun game with a very simple dynamic.  I have yet to take on any ""create"" work, but I plan on it in the future."
,Recommended,250560,21869775,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,rival,"3/5 - mediocre static gameplay, needs smarter content and revamped combat"
,Recommended,250560,13295737,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),My favorite game so far! The loot system is really neat. The Online Multiplayer feature makes the game a 10/10 for me. You can also create your own map for other people to play. The game is really worth it!
76561198073694779,Recommended,250560,13301200,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Tabasko Sweet,Tons of replayability because of user created levels
76561198077245539,Not Recommended,250560,20883064,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,weasel75,"As a game I can not recommend this.It sounds good, and there are tons of maps.But: it feels more like a sandbox-title.... with a bad camera, clumsy controls and odd hit/collision-detection.And no storyline, just ""random"" maps, with some Steam-achievements thrown in.Yet somehow not rewarding at all, as there is no soul to it.I find it hard to find any feelings for that title. It is just: Meh! (in a bad way)However, one might find it entertaining for some hours running around and killing every creature on any of the (endless) maps.If you are into grinding, keeping a clean and sorted inventory (selling the bad stuff) .... this ""game"" provides plenty of that - with bad camera, clumsy controls and odd hit/collision-detection.PS: Did I mention the camera?!"
,Not Recommended,250560,22351180,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Superscooter,"It's like LittleBigPlanet.You got your maybe 100 fantastic user levels, then hundreds of thousands of piles of garbage. The combat isn't impressive, either."
76561197990879621,Recommended,250560,13291578,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Knees_PhD,Tons of fun! A lot of bang for your buck with this one.
76561198129462986,Recommended,250560,18688097,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Black Jester,"Well I`m not normaly a player of these types of games but this got me totaly hooked in , its fun its full of great ideas  its simple yet complex at the same time and full of charm ... great for a diversion from the fps type games I normaly play ... I like this better than Zelda but maybe thats just me."
76561198095821122,Recommended,250560,20818247,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,IllusiveBurrito,Fun game if you have friends to play it with. Great user created content.check out me and my friends playthroughs on my channel.https://youtu.be/_FC1RVW-Uvk
76561198030750803,Not Recommended,250560,20986770,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PAGODAH,The game may be awesome in so many ways but the gameplay is so clunky compaired to other in the genre. I couldn't get into it. It was not enjoyable to play.
,Recommended,250560,13978395,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Crazy Fish,Diablo made out of a Lego kit.Full review:http://gamefeatured.com/fight-dragon-bigger-boss-fight-bilbo-got-smaug/
,Not Recommended,250560,16541866,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GIFIDIDY,"First impressions ( All Bad :/ )Watered down spinoff of the Zelda seriesBoring ‘combat’ mechanics (left click, right click, and four abilities that just seem to be a change in animation from one another)Brings petty victories to a whole new levelThe most highly recommended maps/levels were just a small room to level up and get a crap ton of money? How could this be fun for more than ten minutes? This is a game I would expect to find on one of those free flash game sites.Good?If it was made into an open world and quest driven system there would be a lot of potential.Long story short, a boring game that was not worth 80 minutes of time."
,Not Recommended,250560,28947771,Posted: 2 January,all,Butters5566,"It's a very grindy game.Gameplay is mediocre, it's ok and worthy of the price.However, reward levels are often full of bugs, wasting time and getting you stuck a lot. I mean, a lot."
76561198080209179,Recommended,250560,23890366,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kuńrad,For this moment there is only about 10000 adventures. Meh
76561198034910982,Recommended,250560,13249218,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,The Rogue Spy,While the combat could use a little more balancing and the editor could use some more objects and tools this game is amazing! Building your own levels is great and playing other peoples masterpieces is even better!I highly recommend this title!
76561198009593918,Not Recommended,250560,16524894,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Veevslav,The ACK system is garbage with screwy ratios and a shackle system put on the map designers to keep the game from reaching a difficulty higher than something my 8 year old can handle with a level one character.The game in its current state is fun for a little bit until you realize how hard the developers have tried to keep the game from being a true hack and slash experience.
,Recommended,250560,13249440,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,|SacK| Holzi,I've only played for a short while and already love the game. It is very entertaining and sure wortht he few bucks.
76561197993670834,Recommended,250560,12255730,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Zeph Grey,"Talk about a hidden gem!I noticed this game on a weekly sale, and snatched it up, and I'm glad I did!  Still needs a lot of work, but is already playable and tons of fun!  A lot of clasic ARPG goodness and 100% controler campatable!  Even the adventure builder is quick and intuitive, allowing novices to hammer out an adventure in no time, but with enough depth to enthuse more advanced builders!Seriously, a win on all levels!  Can't wait to see more!"
,Recommended,250560,10522944,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DarkByte97,"Honestly I think this game has a lot of potential. It needs a lot more additions in the form of character customization and customizations features.Would be nice to see a wide arrary of classes as well. Looting system is pretty solid as it is BUT types of loot themselves could be improved. Would also be nice to see a way to ENCHANT items.Needs more enemies and randomization of types and looks to enemies too I think. But this game has a lot of potential. Is it worth the $15 price tag? Honestly no, not at this point: not now. But if the developers of this game stick to it I bet this game could turn into something really fun and unique."
,Recommended,250560,24669258,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shut up Sid,"It's very fun to play with friends, and it has a nice feel to it. Controls could be made a bit smoother though."
76561198114328082,Recommended,250560,13425911,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,GenuinelyPolish,"I killed the dragon as a level 22 Black Rogue, may all bow before my greatness. I do believe I have yet been the lowest level to kill it."
,Recommended,250560,13285526,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Space Monkey,"Great fun. Shortish 20-30 minute adventures.Good Loot. Fun concepts for a loot shop.Download player made adventures.Good to play when you only have an hour to spare.Good to sit down and play for long periods, adventure after adventure.Superb adventure crafting tool, upload your adventures for others to play.Recommended fun game."
,Recommended,250560,27689390,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rektonjaa,Surprisingly fun game. Nice to pick it up while it's on sale !
,Not Recommended,250560,16538139,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cartof,"I am sorry but this is just.. horrible. Honky camera control, imprecise fighting, unintuitive menus and mechanics.. and the graphics.. just do not bother with this game."
,Recommended,250560,15238746,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,America Has A Problem #LasVegas,"Really an amazing experience, don't let the cartoon facade fool you. It's a bit like dark souls meets your-favorite-isometric-camera-arpg, with a built in map maker.The combat is what brings the game to bear similarity to dark souls (for me). You can dodge, roll, block and stun enemies with certain abilities. You then have selectable abilities that can enhance combat and really make your class shine, unlocking their true potential. It also feels relatively balanced and consistent in how it scales difficulties that gameplay never feels stagnant. Actually, gameplay feels quite rewarding. Upgrading stats or putting on new gear. You work hard for those first few rare pieces and it feels like a small accomplishment.The map maker is where the online portion of the game thrives; all players can make and submit their own unique creations using a very intuitive and simple development interface similar to voxel based construction games. You can set traps, create false doors, use movable objects to hide switches and levers, create npc's who trigger events, create anything and make it trigger an event, set up boss monsters and create pools of phat lewt; possibilities are endless. The magic comes in the creation of adventures (these are what the maps are effectively called in Fight the Dragon) and exploring other user's creations either solo or with friends. I'm about 6 hours into the game and have spent half of my time making my own mazes and arenas. It's addicting and fun.At under 10$ (I got this for 5$ on a steam sale), I would gladly pay full price for a title like this. If you are an arpg fan, or a dungeon maker fan of anykind..you must try to Fight the Dragon."
76561198107588985,Not Recommended,250560,17856270,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[CG] BlackBerry,"Could have been better pretty much sums up this entire game. I get more fun out of watching rich white ladies grass grow, than playing this game. Fight the Dragon is a good idea let down by poor production values, sub-par gameplay, and ugly graphics. It tries that whole voxel look, but everybody and their mom look like disformed lego people.I get that this is an indie team, but the excution could have been better. Combat is a joke. (like the asking price of $15) it feels weak, slow and unrepesonsive, blocking is pointless, there is very little differences between classes,and there's barely a community, which something a game like this needs to stay fun and intresting. People confuse me by saying that this game is good, but hey people enjoy Postal 2 and Fable, so i guess it's somewhat understandable, in stupid way. dungeons are like potato salad alright to look at, but when you get into it you feel cheated, dissapointed, and upset, I played a player made dungeon and it was leagues above what the devs created, because it was acutally fun, and that's sad. There is nothing that great here, everything has been done better, by better games. It needed more time, and money, and it's a darn shame it didn't get it.I hope another team picks this idea up, and does it better, cause it honestly deserves better.-2 out of 10, at least it's fun to uninstall."
,Recommended,250560,13363981,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Scooter Cogs,This game has everything that I want in a game. A great adventuring platform and the ability to make great quests. A community driven game where many of the adventures are rated and have been played hundreds of times. This game is doing the adventure platform right. 9 out of 10.I hope there is more coming =)
,Recommended,250560,16526489,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Johnny SPIDER csgopoker.com,"The game is awesome...fantastic local co-op and amazing new ideasGraphics is cool  and the way of gameplay is greatYou have a good friend lives near ya ? you want to play a good game together ? you want to feel the adventure ? {{{THERE IS A BUTTON ABOVE CALLED ADD TO CART}}}the game just need more long time campaigns (most of the  ones I played can be done in 6-7 mins )GG Devs , thanks to the whole crew , waiting for more.."
76561198006701550,Recommended,250560,13273140,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Kribby D,"Lots of customiation options, great loot incentive, and adictive play mechanics. I find myself wishing the adventures were a little more ""meaty"" but perhaps with time the community can rectify that. Overall a great product!"
,Recommended,250560,13275054,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Count Fuckula,"Excellent hack n slash gameplay with a surprisingly powerful level editor that has produced some fantastic results, also great fun to play with mates!"
76561198071874095,Recommended,250560,13282331,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,markotaur,Worth the money its fun its perfect ! i recommend!
,Recommended,250560,13363774,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,jmido8,"A simple hack and slash with lots of loot. It's fun, easy to get into and you're always finding stronger and better gear. Best part of the game though is the map creator that gives you the tools to make your own maps and such. Maps are uploaded and everything you play is user generated by other players like yourself. I'v spent more time making levels than I have actually playing. It's a cheap game with infinite replay value!"
,Recommended,250560,14142721,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,morrae,"UPDATE:Perhaps I was too harsh in my original review and now I feel bad about it. The game is fun in co-op and has a very neat idea. Some things can be improved upon, but overall I had a fun time playing it. It can get a little repetitive, but it is up to a community to create fun maps for it, although tools provided need a little work and I would LOVE to be able to put more stuff in adventures, right now it is kinda limited.My initial review was negative and posted after I spent almost 3 hours creating my own adventure and focusing on details only to find out I ran out off points without implementing even 1/3rd of what I wanted and never being able to publish it, because the albeit much needed anti-grind system is flawed in thinking I made an impossible challenge of puting too much traps and enemies in my adventure. Which bummed me out, cuz the whole idea of my adventure was about hard and challenging castle inspired by Dark Souls that can't be rushed. Fighting 2 bosses at a time, running under heavy ranged fire, carefully walking around traps. I've put a lot of effort in it, but ultimately couldn't published it and that really bummed me out because of the time spent designing.If you're creative type and want some good time with friends in coop in a simple game, this game might be what you want.Although creating mode is limited, there are still vast variety of adventures that can be created. I really wish you can let your fantasy run free and produce massive and detailed maps with lots of enemies and challenges, so player can sweat a little. But I realise this is not exactly a game about it. It is more simple, more relaxed and easy paced hack'n'slash game with basic controls. It's more of a kids game perhaps.Whatever the case, I am canging my recommendation, because I feel like I've been unfair in my initial review.OLD REVIEW:Right now it is really boring, super simple battle system, ui and controls for creating your own adventures are HORRIBLE, I am fighting with controls more than designing, new adventures are hard to find, it's very repetative, you can't customize your map after you've put adventures by a developer without completely erasing all of it (which is so sucky, i would've created it differently if i could). You can't create really large adventure unfortunately and very limited in your resources, and anti-grind system is flawed as hell. Hey, dude, you have too much enemies, okay, I am putting more potion chests and checkpoints -- nope, too many potion chests. WTF? Just let me create what I want, not what you feel impossible to complete. Yeah, I have a room filled with rats, but thats the challenge I want to face. Really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off."
,Recommended,250560,13271380,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Manzikeen,"Fun game, easy to use creator, and most of all an awesome dragon. If you like hack-n-slash you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,250560,23850677,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TCProphet,This is a wonderful game! The enemies and loot scales with player levels so any map can reward players.  A level 1 and a level 60 have roughly the same experience on every map.  That and the editor makes it really easy to create new maps for others to play on.
,Recommended,250560,22703474,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Sugarpuffiepixie,"Cute game, I love dragons! <3"
76561198081263375,Recommended,250560,29385496,Posted: 20 January,all,Werewo1f101,great game love how its been made
76561198053691407,Recommended,250560,11877832,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Cuddles,be more fun if you could also be the dragon stoping around slaying hordes
76561198016311661,Not Recommended,250560,20237310,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sh1tHapens,"Fire damage scales with HPfighter is the worst possible choice to beat the dragon. High HP are no help, as the fire damage scales with HP"
,Not Recommended,250560,20338432,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,applessmillion,"As fun as this game is, I just can't reccomend it. It heavily relies off of community submissions, which can be a good and bad thing. After awhile it gets extremely repetitive, which makes it a bore to play. This game could be fun, but because it's just so repetitive and grindy, I can't reccomend it."
76561198007524041,Not Recommended,250560,15239222,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sonicfire,"Dont let the positive reviews full you. This game's AI is so bad that if your a ranged character u win every time. Even on the hardest difficulty! Very repetative with the same mobs and traps everywhere, along with very short maps makes this game a 4/10 in my book. geting bored after playing for 3 hours is not a good sign. And with no endgame no point to play it any more than i have."
,Recommended,250560,10116242,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Franchan,"yes, gooid"
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,250560,17948353,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sinatr,"Game looks amazing at first, but then it rapidly become boring. And here is why:- it has bugs (option ""Suicide"" here is for a reason - you can stuck in terrain);- it's not polished, there are so many small things which prevents you from loving it;- it's not balanced, you can get uber loot from easy map and then bag full of crap after beating extreme;- there is no point in difficulty, you MUST choose the easiest, that's 50% exp, while maxed difficuly only 3x times more exp but with 10 times smaller chances to finish it, nobody care if you beat map with 0 lives, but making single failure on unknown map is too easy to spare any available life, simple math: run 3 new maps and get 3x50% exp easily -OR- run just one map, but die first time on unkown trap, die second time due to unexpected trigger spawning monster behind, die third time because of no potions left for last boss fight, which makes it total 0 exp and no loot?- UI is terrible, the guy who invent inventory is either idiot or he never himself played this game, no map, terrible idea with running between adventure/multiplayer game/switching hero and most often visited stash/altar;- lack of information, there are no clues what which stats gives in order to choose between them, tutorial message are very few (to give you an example, just few minutes ago I discovered the purpose of gold in this game.... after 13+ hours of playing....  not going to spoil, good luck in discovering if you are brave to buy this);- loud statement ""community driven"".. sounds like ""we made map editor, we sometime add new graphics, go make us reach"";- multiplayer isfantastic!, you will enjoy it as much as I did.. once.. to never try it again.All-in-all game is a fail with dated graphics, crappy mechanics and poor UI. Not recommended. You want teamplay action with puzzles and hordes of enemies? Then buy Gauntlet and not ""Fight teh dragon you will never be able to beat because game is boring""."
,Not Recommended,250560,18164520,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Setari,"Fight the Dragon can be categorized as a grindy RPG game, and that's pretty much it.Unless you have a group of 3 other people to play this with, don't bother playing it by yourself. It's pretty boring and extremely grindy, and there isn't much of a playerbase anymore.  (No online games in the lobby ever, so it's SP all the way).I'd recommend it if it's 5 dollars or under, but anything over that and just nah. It's way too grindy to be good. It takes me 3x8hours to level up 1 level after level 6.tl;dr: buy it on sale, don't buy it at full price if you don't have 3 more people to play with all the time."
,Not Recommended,250560,18461861,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,JaCrispy,"MIndless, boring, and for little kids.The game image says Build, Explore, Battle, Loot... lets go over this...Build: build a level that no one will ever see or find or play.Explore: there is zero exploring of anything... you play a level, a short level that has nothing to do with exploring anything.  You just go through the level.Battle: Battle, or mindlessly click the lmb with zero strategy or skill needed? ... the latter.Loot: This is the only one they got right, yes, there is loot.This game is beyond terrible."
76561198087246041,Recommended,250560,17932138,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Fire,great game
76561198072645815,Recommended,250560,19426351,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sparker,"great machincs, very skill based though. You don't need to spend decades grinding to be able to fight a hard boss. All enemies are defeatable if you are skilled enough."
76561198037080732,Recommended,250560,17877196,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gentleman,"this game is a truly jewel. If you like loot, dungeons, tooons of diferent dungeons, customization... thats ur game 100% worth it."
,Recommended,250560,15226022,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Avolition,I just adore this game.
,Recommended,250560,33611271,Posted: 17 July,all,Fallkhar,"Getting it on a sale is in every way better than playing spiral knights at all.Pros-It is really satisfying to pick up loot and grind weak mobs-lots of community dungeons and comsmetics-you don't nee to fight the dragonCons-very few original (developer made) maps-few classes-poor diversity between some classes-actually fighting the dragon is the worst part of the gameVerdictGreat fun for some time especially for the price, however it gets pretty repetetive after a while."
,Recommended,250560,33599925,Posted: 16 July,all,H3dwound,I'm loving the Diabloesque style.
,Recommended,250560,16491032,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Whoop Whoop,Time Sinker
,Not Recommended,250560,17836826,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dominohno,"In spite of the charm and solid build-your-own foundations, it loses luster very quickly. Spread too far and too thin which is ironic for a game that wants you to do 90% of it's level design and the interface is sticky, if you're that into the runaboutypointandclicky gameplay but have already bought and completed the Diablo and Torchlight series' then sure give this a whirl but otherwise look into those first."
76561197972156558,Not Recommended,250560,17874484,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,HangOn,"easy to get in,after a while highly repetitive like a 8 h shift at a burger joint...."
,Recommended,250560,27213532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shadows,"The user-created levels can be hit and miss, but sometimes the misses are the most fun. Not a native english speaker? Don't let that keep you from making poorly worded english levels, haha."
76561197985368940,Recommended,250560,17804523,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,They Call Me Josh,"Haven't played a ton of this game, but what I have played so far has been very fun, and entertaining.  User created levels, fun little skins, combat is even enjoyable.  Well worth the regular price, let alone if you catch it on sale!"
,Not Recommended,250560,34249713,Posted: 14 August,all,eRyft,Wasn't very interesting. Got bored quickly. Game could feel pretty tedious without any great payoff.Just didn't have a whole lot of fun playing it.
76561198044777820,Not Recommended,250560,34535558,Posted: 27 August,all,GamingWithTakhilin,"This game is just, so very meh. Couldn't get into it, couldn't get excited about it. Controls are stiff and unwieldy. Very generic."
76561198016477228,Recommended,250560,34817676,Posted: 8 September,all,Crankage,"This game is about fighting the dragon. You work really hard, you train your mind, body, and soul. You prepare hard, you level up, get loot, develop a gambling addiction, lose everything, work hard and stay motivated to get it all back and become the strongest warrior YOU can possible be!And then the dragon eats your F'n nuts off.10/10 would work hard to get F'd up again. I highly recommend this game.- Crankage Games (Developer of Metal as P H U K)"
,Recommended,250560,15246301,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,DillyDallyDallas,I f***ING LOVE THIS GAME.
76561198052469457,Not Recommended,250560,13245962,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,DUCK,"I do like the game but in many ways it still feels like bare bones in combat and the editor.I have only 3.5h so keep that in mind.Graphic:-Everything fits the theme looks pleasantControlls:-Can be weird in the beginning.-Combat controlls not so good and got not that much controll over attacks (mostly goes in one dir when attacking).Combat:-4 character (maybe more from addons) 2 with spells and 2 with melee attacks-All got a primary and secondary attack (1-4 abilites unlocked after leveling up)RPG elements:-Feels very much like a ""very"" light rpg game with not that cool hack""n""slash in it (I don't know if you get more powerfull stuff later on)-Not that much loot (if compered with diablo its 1/10 amount of loot gained and what is of loot)More to come."
,Not Recommended,250560,13245768,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Tethik,Meh.
,Not Recommended,250560,13282515,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,E_128,"The gameplay isn't fun, the combat is slow and un intresting.It's hard to explain, but it's nothing like Forced or other action fighting games."
76561198021644656,Recommended,250560,13246877,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,pmwnorton,Built a level so difficult (The Black King) even I had trouble completing it. 10/10
,Recommended,250560,17109245,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Saito Fox,"Great Game, needs more active players."
76561198035104101,Not Recommended,250560,14273556,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ddengster,"Awful keyboard/mouse controls, bad feedback, terrible explaination of game mechanics, camera perspective harms gameplay more than helps it."
,Not Recommended,250560,13400042,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,joeywiltshire,"playing through levels only to get to the end of them and getting stuck behind locked unopenable doors with your only choice being to quit the level.Not a fun experience when you do not get to keep anything you got during the level.The worst thing is this has happened many times to me.Until they fix the player made levels and filter out levels that make you get stuck or cannot be finished, I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,250560,15656170,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,wang2chung,"Wow!  Boorrring. This is the only review I've posted.  This game is like a slower version of spiral knights. The inventory system is simplistic and may appeal to some. I don't like it. I like ""bag"" systems where I can see everything. This is an item system where you can't see what you've picked up unless you click on your equipped items.  The adventures are slow and simple. Not very engaging at all and seem geared to 1st time players of the top down system."
,Recommended,250560,33108525,Posted: 1 July,all,Kana,game that runs smoothly on my ancient pc and have support for linux i rate it 11/10 /)^3^(\
,Recommended,250560,13271244,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,THC** FIREston,"If your a diablo fan, this should be right up your alley. A really awesome and fun hack and slash adventure. Grab a few copies for you and your friends and have a blast!8.5 on 10"
76561198031781820,Not Recommended,250560,13284126,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Lemmiwinks,"Overwhelmingly easy, also, can't fight the dragon in online mode"
76561198008997975,Recommended,250560,13802955,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,orionsune,"I seriously enjoy playing this game, not much else to say really."
76561197971411710,Not Recommended,250560,20770578,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Inconmon,Haven't played a game this bad in a long time. It's like they didn't even try.
76561198060846251,Not Recommended,250560,15617789,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,KungFooGrip!,"It seems like every time I try to find someone to play with, there are 2-4 games available, and all are way out of my level range. I feel like I'm missing something with this game. Maybe it would be fun with multiple people, but I just couldn't get into it. Regret buying it."
,Not Recommended,250560,16493737,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Strangelove,a good idea brought down by its absolutely TERRIBLE fighting system
76561198031946595,Not Recommended,250560,18136162,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,jesus_patriot,Boring
,Not Recommended,250560,18165498,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,sd50,Boring!
76561198003060443,Not Recommended,250560,19394869,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Schneble1,Fun the first hour.. then it started feeling repetitive. And some dungeons are just too unbalanced.Had promise - but it fell short.And don't even have me started on the insane out-of-view range off enemy archers..!! Jesus.
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,250560,13751537,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darth Chocula,"as a builder, right now, it is very limitedas a arpg, right now, very limitedworth 1/2 of asking pricesort of like Diablo 1 without the depthnothing like Little Big PlanetMore like Neverwinter Nights without any of the detailed building mechanics for making adventures"
,Not Recommended,250560,15314529,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Pyle,the characters are ugly and the game is way too blocky i wish i never bought this and would love a refund as the game is very boring
76561198077623139,Not Recommended,250560,18046903,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Null,This is a community created game and  the community is dead. nuff said...
76561197961141880,Not Recommended,250560,20121677,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sloth,"Eh, it sounds like a blast, but in all honesty it's kinda rubbish.  Grind the f out of your game, and pray for good loot.  Literally you pray for loot.  Pretty cool system, but the rest of the game, just doesn't feel like much fun.  Thus, I got bored.  Doesn't really compete with other games of the same price."
76561198073883030,Recommended,250560,27657437,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jje,great little game.
76561198052882229,Recommended,250560,27536276,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Missle,A very underrated game that's extremely fun with friends. Sucks that the community is quite small though.
,Not Recommended,250560,15285703,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Synn,"The core of this game is actually very solid. It has a good loot system, good mechanics, good enough graphics, combat works well, the dragon concept and loot shrines are great ideas and even the spawn system is spot on. Unfortunately the game just doesn't go far enough to remain interesting. There are only 4 classes and each class has very few abilities and there really isn't much of any customizing to them. The loot shrine is a solid idea but it left me wishing I had something else to spend my gold on that was more interesting. The adventure design system has a really solid core, but unfortunately is just so limiting to what you can do with it that every adventure you play feels exactly the same.Overall it's a game that gets many of its core ideas right, but the lack of ""more"" to it just leaves you bored with the game after a short time playing it. That said, I'd love to see a Fight the Dragon 2 if they really expanded out on the character options(D3 and Torchlight 2 level), adventure tool and added in more gear gambling options."
76561198160489740,Recommended,250560,33172351,Posted: 3 July,all,JhonBlyat,this game is quite awesome!I really don't get why it didnt show up earlier.the level creation is good even workshop stuff is nice .good game! :D
,Recommended,250560,25107724,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kinasin,fun!
,Recommended,250560,9671116,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ibuysheep,A couple of rats nibbled on me until I died 10/10.
76561198114957721,Not Recommended,250560,19103571,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Captain x Bear,"Firstly I would like to just say that I got this game while it was on sale in a 4-pack for a total of $15-20. I believe this is a very good game and the fact is that the game is good. However, I do not recommend anyone buy this game if they are looking for games similar to what I've been looking for. To elaborate, I am looking forsomething medieval-like,something rpg-likewith dungeons and new loot to find,something challengingand fun at the same time, andmost importantlyit has to bemultiplayer co-opfor at least 4 people. In the months I've randomly searched when I decide to delve into the steam market I've found many games that seem almost perfect but don't have multiplayer or are too expensive for the time being.I am going to prove to you that there arebetter gamesthan this that you can get that have these elements and some are even cheaper. Read on and I will explain....This game is fun at first but the problem is the fact that it is based on you and your friends taking on random dungeons created by players. I marvel at this idea; it is brilliant. The issue is the fact that they are in factplayers, that causing the obvious problem that not every dungeon is good. I am not exaggerating when I say that some dungeons I and my friends have went on are just garbage. I've spent more than 20 minutes on a dungeon with a friend when it should've taken about 5 minutes to complete. You might be thinking ""Oh, that just makes it more challenging"" and you'd be right, it took a long time to simply figure out that while on the inside of some castle wall (I know what you're thinking ""Oh! Castle wall!!! That's so cool"", this was anything but an actual castle.) we had to climb a ladder that was against the inside of the wall which happened to have a small house (not a shack, A HOUSE) which when you go inside seems to have nothing. Then you find out you have to go in a cellar there which we didn't discover existed till after killing everything on the ""dungeon"" (it was more of an outside area) and the only major difficulty was figuring out what to do. Mind you that this was not meant to be a puzzle, it was just bad mapmaking. You were presented with the area for this house right after you kill the things around you when you spawn. The point being is, if you expect anything as great as in the trailer video, I have not found it or even experienced anything that great. I will admit the game is fun, but what I'm trying to prove to you is that there areBETTER ALTERNATIVESto this game if you are looking for similar things as me.Better games for you and a group of friends to try that I've played or intend to play in the future:Trove:It's on steam, it's free, it's a 3rd person MMORPG with a bunch of fun classes like swordsman, archer, ice mage, pirate. There isn't PVP it's PVE oriented, and it has a ""minecraft-esque"" atmosphere. It is a voxel game which I'm normally not into but it's pretty good. Also, despite it being an MMO it does require aiming and you can dodge attacks if you jump and such, it is not lock on and just press a button to kill things like a lot of MMO's. Whenever you and your friends are near each other you all get xp despite whomever kills a creature and you all get your own specific loot drops that only you see, when you open up chests, that are based on your class. So there are no arguments over splitting up loot, you get the same amount of loot and xp with a group as solo-ing. So it's better with friends, you level up faster that way. There also are bosses at the end of dungeons.To sum it up: As my friends and I describe it, it is basically Fight The Dragon But Better.Sky Saga:Currently in alpha and free. It is not on steam and does require a key that you get when you sign up for an account on their webpage and email you a key. It is an MMORPG and very, very. similar to Minecraft in virtually every way except it's less about the building and more focused on getting quests by talking to npc's at the hub and you go on adventures. You might have to get an item you've never gotten before and bring it back to the hub, or just go take on dungeons and they do have somewhat difficult bosses in dungeons. I was co-oping a dungeon with a friend and they left for some reason and I was stuck with half health and found a boss and basically just ran out of the dungeon cause I couldn't take him. It was this big dude who had a giant lance or something and would swing it at me.To sum it up: I don't know when they will be releasing keys again as of this moment though, butdefinitely checkthis out and make an account if you're interested in playing in the future.Also be sure to check your ""promotions"" tab in gmail if that's what you use, it got sent there for me.Secrets of Grindea:This game I have not played or own yet. But from what I gather it is multiplayer with up to 4 players and basically a top-down RPG with monsters and boss fights. I don't know what else there is but it appears to have the elements I'm looking for in dugeon style games. It is currently $15 the same price as fight the dragon. So if you don't want to at least try the free games I mentioned and you do want to spend money still. This game is most definitely an option.To sum it up: Same price as Fight The Dragon but probably better.In Conclusion:Look up any and all of these Games and if you are truly looking for the same elements I sought after, you will not be disappointed. And if you are, you will be even more disappointed by buying Fight The Dragon. I release this review to help people like me get the best game possible for them and their friends. Good luck all and have a great day! After all you are on Steam! :)"
,Not Recommended,250560,17804484,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Sejuani,"There's some kind of freemium-esque system where if you die in a dungeon you lose all the loot, exp, skill points, etc. you earned up to that point, and re-playing the dungeon doesn't guarantee the same loot will drop. You could go through a dungeon for 30 minutes, earn a flaming longsword and 3 levels, and then trip over a beetle and lose all of it instantly. There's no way to improve if you can't flawless complete each dungeon with no error whatsoever. Basically, to get good you have to be good already."
76561198147662060,Not Recommended,250560,20361512,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Alibrandr,Crap!
76561197983301475,Recommended,250560,10438693,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,RabidUrko,"Amazing dungeon crawler with great chunky dev updates, comms from the devs.Powerful but easily used editor to post your dungeons/maps for others to play.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=267414771Watching this video above says more about it than any amount of words."
76561197976848064,Recommended,250560,13261461,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,dukc,Fun♥♥♥♥♥
76561197967861921,Not Recommended,250560,19506053,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DustMan,"a fighting system designed for 5 year olds, atrocious interface, horrible soundtrack, poor aesthetics, bad hit detection, repetitive content....well. atleast the concept is nice.-1/10 would offend my harddrive again"
76561198012545565,Not Recommended,250560,18835702,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,zastroph,"This game does not work. It gets to the page that displays who made it and then just never gets past it. Some spinning thing in the lower right corner, but nothing else :("
76561197965602081,Not Recommended,250560,14573426,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,NeonBootyGoon,"Played this game for a couple hours. First off, the idea is cool. Have players make levels for you to complete, you run through them, get tons of loot, ""craft"" new loot, rinse and repeat.What actually happens is people put out broken levels, that wont work and then you get stuck on one for 30 mins, and if you dont complete the level, you get nothing from it. All experience, loot, etc you gained, gone. So needless to say this game got old and overly frustrating much faster then I though, and I stopped playing. So don't buy this game until it is either polished to be playable."
,Not Recommended,250560,13643768,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Saahn,Terrible
,Not Recommended,250560,17806459,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Robotic Dreamer,"Good game, I guess, if you are playing with a game pad as it is near impossible to play with keyboard and mouse."
76561198061746192,Not Recommended,250560,20271486,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bloody✟,"0 people playing multiplayer,give me my money back ! Its only boring single player or coop rpg ..."
,Not Recommended,250560,15414110,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Fahrstuhl,"We played for a while, intrigued by the interesting concept, but were really let down by the gameplay itself. We couldn't help but find it an incredibly boring game which requires no cooperation at all. The fights are incredibly easy  and uninvolving, the riddles are rather bland and not even the best-rated community map was interesting apart from looking pretty good.So if you're looking for a cool coop RPG experience, I'd recommend to look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,250560,17802236,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,emmalemmadingdong,"I bought this game for myself and some friends because I thought it would be a lovely, quirky game to play. So far I have been nothing but frustrated by the gameplay. Don't get me wrong, it isn't all bad and I do enjoy it. I just find the levels so difficult to complete that it takes the fun out of it for me. The drop items are quite fun, but unless you play a higher difficulty they are crap. The enemies are well animated and create a diverse and dynamic game, unless you play at anything over the easiest difficulty then you get swarmed and die, a lot. There is a good online element as you can play senerios that other members have created, which can result in some interesting storylines. However the game is so difficult to complete that I just cried and now have no energy to try again.Play it if you enjoy a challenge and can actually overcome it. Don't play if you have any tendency to rage quit like I do."
76561198024943583,Not Recommended,250560,17857005,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,karmonaitis,"Bought the game. Never gets past the initial developer logo screen. ""Failed to initialise error"" over and over again. ""Cannot connect to Steam client"" even though I am launching it from the Stea, client. No support options seem to be available for this title either. Wasted money. Would not recommend."
76561198036874457,Not Recommended,250560,17840506,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,gbigdan,This uses WASD to move and is very clunky. It ruined the game very quickly. Would have been infinately better to move with the mouse. It's garbage.
,Not Recommended,250560,16654999,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mathosis,"This game had a lot of potential and when I saw it during a sale I thought why not. I bought the 4-pack for me and my friends for about 8 USD, and found the fighting aspect of it was pretty terrible. I have not tried the building aspect of it and may try to just to see what it is like but the battle mechanics are just too easy. The controls are mediocre and it just feels like you're playing a game for children. I will say there are a few things that I can give for it is the art style of the environment. It looks really nice and the textures for the levels made by people look finished and nice. But the character models seem a bit stolen from Roblox. Lastly, if you have a friend or more playing with you the game will be so increasingly easy that you will not die."
,Not Recommended,250560,16593348,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,VictorBurgos,"So, me and my FOUR year old picked it up (I needed something decently ""kid-friendly"" with LOCAL Coop and Controller support).TL;DR: Not 100% Coop. Very misleading. As you cannot fight the dragon with anyone else.Pros: Loot system, easy combat system, plenty of adventures, there's a dragon you can chip away at for awhileCons: The too easy combat system, TOO many crappy/unbalanced (especially some of the ""easy"") adventures, you can't take anyone with you to fight the dragon. Gold has no use at all other than donating (so why even bother having in the game? Not very meaningful gameplay there)I really think that if they just had some other use for the gold, and allowed coop for the dragon, and cleaned up the combat system, this would be an easy 90%+/Gold game if everything had some meaning. Otherwise, me and my four year old enjoy running around pointlessly and killing things together...Good luck on Pacman, hope that you learn from your mistakes on this one."
,Recommended,250560,33226917,Posted: 4 July,all,Rabbidscool,"Its fun, but not quite!"
,Recommended,250560,13279229,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,LeVar Burton [READING],Truly this generation's bad rats.
76561198012229682,Not Recommended,250560,21018567,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,North,Not very good. Go play Portal Knights
76561197981742029,Not Recommended,250560,17807370,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,72 virgins,game controls suck. dont like interface. waste of my money.
76561198036142978,Recommended,250560,14816610,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bonticune,"This game is fun. The map editing program is extensive and I spent a while making some complicated maps. The game is very basic, you gain levels by playing either creator made maps, your maps or maps of other users and eventually defeat the dragon.Pros:Map making is easy and fun, and you can accomplish a good amount in a short time.The gameplay is pretty fluid, although sometimes when you try to hit an enemy with a sword nothing happens. That could just be a miss on the attack, but it isn't indicated.The loot system reminds me of Borderlands.The dragon is VERY tough to beat. After pouring several hours into leveling up and getting good gear to fight the dragon I've still only been able to knock out a few thousand health from it per battle. It starts out with a million health, but health doesn't regenerate in between battles, so the damage you do to it is permanent. If you get health regenerating equipment and are willing to run around the map for about 48 hours to avoid attacks while you heal, then you could beat the dragon in one sitting, but I do not recommend you try.Cons:Once a moderator accuses your map of being an exploit, it seems they never go back to unban it after you edit it. For example, I built a map that was a straight shot from beginning to end with a couple hundred rats and skeletons to fight. It was by no means an easy map. I would usually beat it with just a single life left. Because of Its simplicity it was banned for being a grinding exploit, and now that I edited it to include Minotaurs (which easily knock a player off my map, thereby increasing the difficulty greatly) It's still in review.Although bugs are fixed quickly and little things are added here and there, no real new content has shown up to my knowledge since my purchase of the game a few months ago. The game's replay value sinks quickly after you unlock your final ability and realize the only thing you have left to do is suffer through endless generic hours of gameplay to get a bit stronger to stand up to the dragon better.You can't just go and challenge the dragon whenever you want. You need a scroll, and to get it you need to play a new map. If you don't have an internet connection, you will run out of scrolls quickly and won't be able to play the main purpose of the game.Overall, the game is good, and I recommend it if you're willing to do the same thing for a while in order ot beat that pesky dragon, and if you're willing to put up with moderators banning you for exploiting, then not giving you a second chance. Don't mess up in map editing, or you'll end up like me, the evil Bonticune.Things I'd like to see:A multiplayer option to fight the dragon with. Maybe a dragon whose health resets after each battle, and some prize system if you do a certain amount of damage.Different equipment when you deal enough damage to the dragon. The time limit rings are good for the few minutes you get them, but the rings that last for even as high as an hour and a half are gone a lot quicker than people would think.A difficulty higher than extreme. I like heavy combat in my games, and with health regen equipment the game has become too easy.The ability to have bosses speak before they attack.The field of views for enemies increased (if the player makes it so while editing)"
76561198072455090,Not Recommended,250560,17803001,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Sun Bro Steven,"This game was pretty boring and all around buggy, I don't reccomend it at all. Was not worth the money."
76561198066767829,Recommended,250560,29021838,Posted: 4 January,all,Paul,Very fun dungeon game!
76561198110958594,Not Recommended,250560,16479133,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tinkleman44,"Great Idea just never buy this for full price.  Kind of sad I spent three dollars on this since it doesn't really work for me.  The hit boxes on all the enemies is just so bad I had to quit half way through the second dungeon I went into.  They can attack you straight on while you slash away, but only the enemies do damage.  You occasionally can get a hit but definitly needs fixed."
76561197989775121,Not Recommended,250560,31420364,Posted: 28 April,all,The Angry Planet,"This game offers an interesting take on the dungeon crawler, with player made maps and small group multiplayer. i really enjoyed the item system and the puzzles in the official maps were interesting enough. i cannot reccomend this game however, due to its lack of a playerbase. when i played this game, it was completely dead.. not even a single player was hosting a game."
,Recommended,250560,13286244,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,demsy,"it is awesome and very cool, i think a very cool person would like this game but perhaps a not so cool person would think it was uncool and they are uncool for thinking it is uncool because it is cool"
,Recommended,250560,25448867,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hungarian Dragon,"Better than No Man's Sky.>be bored af>looking through steam library>see that some game called fight the dragon installed>launch it>create character, chose fire mage to blast some mofos>not much fire magic but got a big a*s sword>be some dope♥♥♥♥♥fire battle mage>game got boring fast>didn't touch for a long time>came home after a long day work>want to play something to let out some steam>too tired for even some no man sky bullsh*t>switch off brain launch fight the dragon>spent hours playing even though i could swear i was sleepingSerious note: Too much grind, too easy game, too much repetition. For some reason i still want to kill that mofo dragon a*s b*tch. And it looks like it can be played in half sleeping state so easy game does not always mean its bad. ez gam ez life."
76561198070790739,Not Recommended,250560,13300209,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,BigBadSam,"Cheaply made.  If you have a 7 year old looking to play a fantasy game, this is it.  For anyone else, keep looking."
76561198051074467,Recommended,250560,13622090,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,rug looks like galaga,u no it could have had a more apealing art hahah rymes with fart.
,Not Recommended,250560,20417884,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ActionPoohole,"More of a kids game than anything an adult would want to play. Combat and controls are console like, simplistic and dull...I tried to enjoy it but it was so boring and the content was dull..If the content was harder and the controls better it could be a good game but it misses the mark... Unfortunately :/"
,Recommended,250560,14898666,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,M@.Bordered Gaming,This is one of those classic games where we will play tomorrow when we have everyone never.
76561198253115282,Recommended,250560,24291800,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MaStik,good game
,Not Recommended,250560,14283288,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Tarhker,"This game is funny the two fist hours. After, it's boring and very repetitive."
,Not Recommended,250560,21124674,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,M3Tank,they blocked all my levels for a false reason
76561198095878832,Not Recommended,250560,12746727,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Drowsy Sloth,"A potentially interesting hack and slash where you can use the included editor to create new content.Positives* I like the editablility.* Graphically the style is nice, although seems to be inconsistent on whether it is supposed to be cartoony or realistic.* Has single player and can supposedly be played offline (i haven't confirmed).* Good that levels are short so you don't get stuck being unable to save. Although, would be nice if you could save outside of levels (doesn't seem possible).* Got better once my character upgraded. Initially it was very tough going. I assume this is tuning that needs to be done as part of the early access.Negatives* Game seems very slow. My computer can run Just Cause 2 and Skyrim at high resolution very smoothly and this game is really laggy at the average settings to the point of giving me a headache.* The controls are not very tight at all. There are long delays while attacking, no indication if you are ""selecting"" the monster as you try to attack which leads to a lot of misses (or being low level I am suppose to miss a lot, hard to tell), and the jump mechanic could use some work.* The content is very sparse. They seem to be entirely counting on users creating most of it.* The UI is bewildering and the style doesn't match the theme of the game at all. Little things like Esc not exiting out of inventory or back up a level (you have hit tab again like TV menus), somethings can only be done in certain situations or at special locations like checking your inventory. Took me a while to figure out that the box with a number and a flashing plus was stat increases but that you have to click on the individual stas to upgrade them.* Thief doesn't start with a crossbow/bow? Seems wierd if they are going for the guantlet feel. Also, the loot drops seem to be giving me weapons for a fighter (swords, axes). I was only able to get a crossbow from the loot shrine.* Difficulty ratings are ocassionally wrong, even in the official maps. The Ice pass is definitely not ""medium"" having beaten several official ""extreme"" levels.* Bugs, i think? Somewhat expected with an early access game, but simple things like having a strength of 1+1 (+1 due to item boost) doesn't let you equip a weapon that requires a strength of 2.Overall not great based on the cost compared to other games at the same price point. That is somewhat expected with an early access game, but the developers keep talking about how playable it is, so ... I can't really recommend the game at this time. Perhaps as it matures it will get better."
76561197970998990,Not Recommended,250560,23803046,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,*UNDEAD* Heero Yuy,It is incredibly 'meh'.
76561198214288551,Recommended,250560,31891127,Posted: 21 May,all,soulscorpion485,good game
76561197976899433,Not Recommended,250560,12275449,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,MHZH,Game feel is pretty bad. It feels soo slooow.
76561198020675807,Recommended,250560,13309539,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Jazneo,This one the Awsome sandbox dungeon maker out there you play and share with friends or play with random people onlineif you like minecraft and diablo you like this
,Not Recommended,250560,12856349,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Pretentieux,"This game?  Pretty terrible as of 11/9/2014Developer is snobby and has an extremely narrow view for how he wants the game to be, in spite of it being a game that relies on player-generated content.  Such douchery.  Read a bit in the community discussion and you will see he is very two-sided and arrogant.  Don't give your money on a whim, wait and see if the finished product has more potential.The combat is extremely dry, sluggish, and requires less skill and more button mashing and potion consuming.World creation is very constricting, thus turning a game that people should be able to play the way they want to into a game that might has well have been fully created by the devs.UI/inventory management needs work.  The minimal look of the UI is awesome, but the functionality of it is lacking.Art style leaves much to be desired.  I understand this is highly subjective, but it just seems uninspired."
,Recommended,250560,16761896,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,☠ Tzaar ☠,"I bought this game during the Steam Summer Sale, figuring if I didn't like it I didn't spend too much money on it.I fired it up and played a little while, figuring out the combat and loot system, as well as trying out the random and player-made adventures.  The next thing I know, 6 hours had passed and I still wanted to play more!THIS GAME IS FREAKING AWESOME!Fight the Dragon is an action hack-n-slash RPG, but one like no other you've ever played.  Sure, you get stat upgrades, tons of loot, and you fight strange mystical creatures.  FtD, however, has something I've yet to see in any other game - player made adventures!  Thousands of them, too, for hours upon endless hours of replayability!  Add to that the four unique character classes, and you're getting far more than your money's worth from this title.My personal rating?  The graphics have a cute charm to them, and while the controls can be a bit slow or clunky at times, they're very manageable.  The gameplay and replayabiolity is where this title truly shines, however.  I can see myself sinking 100's of hours into this one, and maybe even creating a few adventures of my own!9/10  This game is PURE GOLD and worth every penny (and then some)!  Pick it up - I promise you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,250560,31328836,Posted: 23 April,all,FireDragonDoL,"Sorry, I tried to like the game but the combat is boring and repetitive, the UI is terrible, the characters are terrible, character progression is terrible, I can't really recommend it, played much more interesting action rpgs around."
76561198008811876,Not Recommended,250560,25102145,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,bucketheadisgod2,cant recommend because how fighting the actual dragon works. you cant fight the dragon multiplayer which really bothers me. since it is called fight the dragon after all
,Not Recommended,250560,19271336,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,jables,[Awful] O--------------------------------- [Fantastic]
,Not Recommended,250560,14343735,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[Wiskie],9999 thats satans child don't but this GAME IS AIDS
,Not Recommended,250560,29963346,Posted: 16 February,all,Gay Fax,"It is not a bad game, it is interesting at start but after some hours you will get bored.It is an action-RPG/slasher which will give you unique experience with random and handmake levels, tons of (trash) loot and not so many types of monsters and after you had tasted you will say: 'and it is all?'The game has the end - you need to defeat a AWSOM BIG RED DRAGON (I did not defeated him yet lol). Did you kill the dragon? You may delete game, nothing more inside a game - no content.Pros:- Nice graphics- Good optimisation- Random everywhere- ChallengeCons:- Animations are very cheap- Not good mouse controlRecommend? After 45 hours - no."
76561197970617229,Recommended,250560,9775292,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Junior,THIS IS INSANE!
,Recommended,250560,13226908,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,tctimmeh,my thumb. it goes up.
76561198077518634,Not Recommended,250560,31231146,Posted: 18 April,all,H.P.,"was pretty bummed this doesn't use basic commands like ctrl-z, y, c, v, etc... to redo, undo, all sorts of stuff like that.I don't like to learn new ways to use programs I already don't know anything about, that's why universal commands are used in professional software as a basic necessity, all the way from programming to creating music to websites.I would strongly recommend if the developers read this to possibly consider something of the sort, i'm not saying your game is horrible, but it's simply that most people who really cherish their freetime and still put energy into something like this - don't want to learn an entirely new system of commands if they have to dig them up everytime they want to use them.If there was a transparent commands display.. or even my earlier recommendation to use simple ""MS Paint"" hotkeys for basic universal commands I for one would change this review to a positive - but who cares, I feel like a YELP reviewer."
,Not Recommended,250560,33303450,Posted: 6 July,all,Multihack,Game is dead.
76561198143372099,Not Recommended,250560,13232875,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,lmyers072660.lm,do u only use a controller for this game can u use the keyboaed because mine wont let me
,Not Recommended,250560,29328892,Posted: 17 January,all,Mushuukyou,"Boring. I had high hopes, but I should have known better. I should have paid attention more. Wasted money."
,Not Recommended,250560,27949586,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,»NoNick«,"It's was fun at the beginning, but got bored of it quickly playing solo. I tried to play online, but this game is dead. There are max. 10 players online and not a single one open lobby, so don't bother buying this game for multiplayer.Also, big minus for graphics. The game looks like a mobile game from 2008."
76561197996368907,Not Recommended,250560,33378792,Posted: 8 July,all,Tec7,Cant rebind keys on gamepad = fail
,Not Recommended,250560,29296998,Posted: 16 January,all,Rusyn,"The devs slapped a ""1.0"" on a certain release and dropped it from EA, when the game is hardly worth a dime.Crooks, don't buy this."
76561198061596714,Not Recommended,250560,29087881,Posted: 7 January,all,It was a Twist of Fate.,"TL;DR @ bottomNEG:-5pts Difficult to get people to play with-2pts Grind Heroes, get loot dungeon crawler-2pts Needs music soundtrack-3pts Clunky graphics (I mean, everything looks rather fugly)-3pts It's way too easy-1pts Customization is ♥♥♥♥♥♥-3pts Loot are not special/interesting enough-100pts Where are the boss fights? (You're fighting a bunch of swarm minions all the time)A sum of -119 points.POS:+1pts Runs smooth on crap computers+1pts Easy to understand+4pts Player involvement (players can create levels for others to play)+2pts Cool bank system (you can sell items to improve other♥♥♥♥♥♥you got)+2pts Workshop+1pts It's fun for a few hours (you sometimes get riddles, sometimes get puzzles, it's a fun way to exercise your brain while you play - get's boring though)+4pts 4 different classes you can playA sum of +15 pointsSo, let's play a game, shall we? Don't worry, it's not called Dora nor Math for toddlers. The game I want to play is ""Let's play an other game"". Can you do that? Of course you can!TL;DR+15(GOOD) / -119(Noooot worth it) - would you buy this?:::::::::::""EDIT : DEVELOPER MADE CONTACT , GET ME THE PRESIDENT !"":::::::::::Hehe, true, Seon. But I want moooore~I know it's asking a lot.. but that's what some people do.A lot. A lot. A lot. But not too much, that would make it confusing. Well, maybe even just a tiny bit would be enough for me, that is; if it is to be a very simple game. But then; we might expect it to be ingenius - which is harder to accomplish. Anyway, I really liked the idea of the game (because I like dungeon crawlers 'n♥♥♥♥♥♥, but the result up 'till now is less than attractive. This is more, but still just a review which holds little weight. I want to see more intricate adventures.. more exciting adversaries.. and definetaly more boobs. No, I jest.. boobs are for babies, everyone knows that (so what are you doing with that cow milk, sur?).(/w TL;DR a bump below)Asking players to develope your missions, our missions, is demanding of us that we create a community of creative interaction.. we need tools for this, good tools, quality tools. Like, for instance in-game forums and chats (private and chatrooms) to play more socially, create more socially. Why? Because even if this can be played solo, you don't want to play solo at all if you're a ""maker of maps"" (yes, titles should also be awarded!). The logic behind this is simply that you make maps for others to play them (which means you have humans and no AI's in your mind while painting)!- <b> TL;DR :: Give players a method of finding Allies (other than seeking a dungeon party). Friendlists / Guilds / Factions / Global Chat etc. </b>:::I hope it atleast sparks some interest in these developers, 'cuz I love myself very much and that would be awesome:::I bought 3 or 4 copies of this game, I think.. and when I show it to people they cringe, seriously.The fact that you can get different abilities (right button) with weapons is great, but there needs be a few more ""chance on hit"" things to force happiness. There also needs to be other joys than the mundane farming and crawling. I am saying that there should be more abilities that boasts a lot of ""wow"" (not the game), and more of a intelligent dungeoncrawler gameplay. There needs to be variations unknown, more patterns to crack and more playstyles to adapt to, with occasional highlights of some kind.I like the idea of having super hard maps which in the end give you something really special and valuable - achievement / title / unlockable. Why? Why ask why? Should you really why my why? Why would you even why that?Like more bosses than the dragon, pal. Pal, I already requested this.Some chain stories that you can follow would also be nice - with an end reward. F.ex:You may create chain missions through the map maker - allowing you to chain many dungeons with eachother, summarizing the points of them at the last level (or last played level with the option of taking a lesser reward early - for the impatient). In the ""quest/mission selection screen"" (picking levels) you may follow a chain quest by some simple means.At the end of this event, or when you choose to give in, a chest of some sort appears at your home/base/whatever - or a random evil muppet takes your candy (boss fight!) and leaves you with a princess (you don't need boobs - ""where's my kale chips, muppet!?"") and so you chase it.There are so many things that  should be done - but what the maker makes of this game, only Psyduck and future players can tell._______________END TRANSMISSION_________________:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Psst;I mean, I have a lot of ideas, simple and perhaps contradictionary to what the developers are trying to accomplish here - but alas, I have no influence in these matters anyway, so I might aswell influence those who wish to buy the game. MUAHAHWHAHWHWEHAHESIdjiejkfne..M'yeeeees. I like getting mail - it often means I can EXPRESSSSSSSS my opinionsssssssss~... sssss..!"
76561198036019166,Not Recommended,250560,24431009,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,tictactoe_13,"Absolutly fantastic game!Controls are dogs!%t.Horrific WASD contols, only support for few controllers.No way to bind keys to controller."
,Recommended,250560,17856823,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Snakeoil,"This is a very fun game because...1.  The co-op is great to play with my wife2.  I get to tell my friends ""Not now, I'm playing 'fight the dragon' with my wife"
,Recommended,250560,17855721,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Holger,"Even though i bought this game for 6.24 for me and my friend, i'd say it's still worth the money it is now, I only have low hours becuase I bought it a couple days ago but I'd recommend this to anyone even if you hate ARPGs."
76561198040111339,Recommended,250560,17828759,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Zearleth,Really fun both solo and with friends and family. Simple but challenging
,Recommended,250560,17830484,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,RageBucket,as long as the keep updating this game i highly recommend playing it with friends. gg
,Recommended,250560,17842265,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"We have Fight The Dragon; an indie RPG from 3 Sprockets. Let’s get rocking.The GoodFtD has an impressively high replay value. The game itself consists of thousands of 10 – 15 minute (on average) adventures for your character to go on. This keeps things interesting and ensures that you don’t get stuck in a quagmire of monotony.FtD includes an editor which allows you to build your own adventures and maps and not only play them, but share them with the rest of the community. (Steam Workshop is a big plus to any game in my opinion.)This game is rather addictive. You get into the “just one more” mentality and find yourself still slapping skeletons with bladed instruments hours later.The graphics have their own charming quality to them and it is fun to see different maps on every adventure.The BadOnce or twice I’ve had my character glitch out and rocket across the screen which resulted in my death. Not cool.The camera angle isn’t always the best thing for you.The game is kind of dark no matter what your gamma is set to.The MehAs far as character customization goes, FtD has a limited amount to offer you. While there is Steam Workshop, there’s still not much too it.Weapon and armor varieties are also limited and the same goes for enemy variety.Verdict: YeaIf you’re looking for a solid time killer and/or something you can get together with your friends and play to have a great time, look no further. You can pick up Fight The Dragon here on Steam or you can watch the Humble Bundle End of Summer Sale and try your luck there. As always, thanks for reading."
,Recommended,250560,17842674,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,BeardedKhakiPants,Me fight dragon went home in a body bag. Make level went home in a body bag. yummy fun
,Recommended,250560,17907187,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,(Section9)NeoCrYsisX_I11,I love this game because you can find something new and interesting to play every time you go online.One area that I think needs some work is the camera control and adding the ability to zoom in and out.
,Not Recommended,250560,17895574,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,melissahk,"I played Fight the Dragon last night with a friend, and I don't really have any desire to play it again. I love dungeon crawlers (huge fan of the Diablos and Torchlights). I found this game to be quite glitchy (random locking of items, spell/ability book on the side of the house not available, not being able to switch inputs even after re-loading the game), and so did my friend. We didn't play the campaign, we just went for reward runs, and while most of the levels were great in concept, the designs in terms of gameplay were at times frustrating (like being able to get to a water area past a cliff but no way to get back, or killing a boss that opens a door on a timer, not making it in time, and the only option was to quit the level rather than try again). I got the humour of things like the item names and the NPC dialogues, but I found that it grew tiresome after a few hours. Maybe if there wasn't the frustration of the glitches, that might not have been the case.I really like the concept, and I certainly see why it was supported. But in actual gameplay, it just didn't speak to me personally. Based on the reviews, it obviously spoke to others, though. :-)"
76561198107678440,Recommended,250560,17941264,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,johnny hotsauce,"great idea for a game(the tiling level thing and such).  i liked it, then i found the rick and morty head in the workshop and i love it.  it's like lord of the ricks now."
76561198128305702,Recommended,250560,18066687,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,crvuono,"This game is great, i love that you can build and play. I tend to spend most of my time trying to create that next great adventure. the only con(s) i would have with this game would be after playing for hours and hours you want more, more textures, mosters, npcs. i'd love to see and update or dlc the gives more to this amazing game. (ice mage, mini(or baby) dragons, demons, new flooring and wall textures, new effects.)"
76561198116352804,Recommended,250560,18055497,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Z7,"I spended a lot of time with this game, well, I've not defeat the dragon yet.If you have friends to play with, and you're a crazy item seeker in a RPG game, This will be your favorite game.But If you're alone player and HD graphic lover, you won't enjoy this game much as I do.There're some problems about LAN system and discconect of friend's session. Should be more guidances for these issues, or simplify them.I give 8.565644687/10 to this game :)"
76561197991610639,Recommended,250560,18058429,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Nanaki,"Try the Level creator, it works perfect and you can have a great time creating your own dungeons."
76561198079465377,Recommended,250560,18211313,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Le Pard Bunny,"Amazing! So fun to play, with a friend or alone! The game sometimes has these amazing glitches that will send you flying over your enimies, or you could get on the top of the map! Its so funny and amazing! Also a suggestion. You should add PETS! PETS PETS PETS! That would make the game 10x better! But still a super fun and fantastic game!"
76561198091857970,Recommended,250560,18128334,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Nezberet,"A simple, fun, and addicting way to pass an afternoon.  I picked up the muiltipack and played it with my kids all day.  As a testament to the games incredibly accessable interface, my 8 year old daughter had no problem designing a level and even understood the balancing mechanics when she first tried to publish it.  I highly recommend this gem for anyone who likes to be creative and who also likes diablo-esqu loot grinds with a fanatastic UI and consistent atmosheric aesthetic. 10/10"
76561198048507721,Not Recommended,250560,18269065,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dreaguh,"Fun game, pretty smoothe with little issues I don't want to go through a whole pros and cons thing due to 1 issue, this game promotes co-op to such a degree and the name of the game is FIGHT THE DRAGON and the whole point of the game is to adventure with friends and gear up and get ready to face the beasty, but when it's time to fight it..you can't fight it with your friends? Wha its solo only??? o.o"
,Not Recommended,250560,18252247,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,AgentOfAsgardia,"This game has a lot of potential. The levels made by 3 sprockets are pretty fun, but the rest of the community levels are hit or miss.The biggest problem I have with the game is the clunkiness of the combat. It feels like the enemies are hard to hit. I often miss when it looks like it should hit, which becomes very frustrating. This issue, combined with the poor placement of checkpoints in many user made maps made the game feel like a chore."
,Recommended,250560,18319624,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[2.FJg]Malibu-Schtz,11/10 there's dragons
,Recommended,250560,17889176,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MyuFox,There are some timing issues but it is lots of casual fun.
,Recommended,250560,17809320,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Commando Moon,"I like this game because, it is very fun, it is very creative, it is very.... inspiringi give it 9 molester moons out of 10Plz buy"
76561198132168070,Recommended,250560,17823601,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SaucyWaffle,Game is very fun and challenging right from the start and the Devs are very helpful when bugs/crashing is reported.
,Recommended,250560,16270651,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Batman Sucker Punch,"Fight the Dragon is a pretty charming game.  With four classes and countless player-made levels, it offers a lot of replayability.  After getting all four classes to level 60, I have still yet to ""Fight the Dragon"" more than a few times. And that's one of the great things about this game, you can really play it how you want. The level editor is shockingly good and in-depth. You can make anything from a simple arena with waves of mobs or recreate your favorite D&D scenario.  My first day I stumbled upon a recreation of Diablo III Act I, the story and all. It was amazing! You could really tell the creator spent a lot of time working on it, and it was damn fun.  I have quite a few favorites that I revisit because they are so well made.I was looking for a hack n slash style game with a light hearted feel and not so dark for a change. To be honest this fit the bill better than I could have ever imagined. Fight the Dragon was worth every cent of $15."
,Recommended,250560,16545661,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,shapes345,"pretty dank, pretty swank."
,Recommended,250560,16546376,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PlasticLizard,"There is an indescribable charm about this game that I just can't get over. I picked it up during the Summer Sale because it was less than three bucks. My expectations going in were for an hour-or-two-throwaway, barely finished product.What I got instead has enthralled me so much the past two days. I can play for five minutes or get lost in a two-hour binge. The maps are long enough to feel detailed but short enough to complete in one sitting. Combat can get repetitive but with new and better loot dropping here and there, from enemies and chests, I didn't really care; it's good, plain fun. There are four classes with individual spells and special abilities - a fighter, fire mage, ice mage and rogue - but I've only played as an ""Ice Wizard"" up to this point without losing any interest or even gaining a desire to try other classes. I'm having too much fun with this one.There's also a map/adventure/campaign editor where you can create your own landscapes, buildings, villages, etc. etc. You can also script NPCs to talk to the player when he approaches as well as decorate your worlds with trees, rocks, fountains, bookshelves, beds, chairs... You name it. With a touch of detail here and there, worlds come alive. The editor has some rudimentary logic chains and pressure pads so that you can create some quite interesting and complex puzzles, though I'll admit, I haven't delved into that area quite yet.Buy this game. You will not regret it. I haven't had this much fun playing a game in who knows how long."
76561198068860565,Recommended,250560,15733673,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Baulfazaur,"I just bought this game and i'm about an hour into it, was wondering (yes i've done the tutorials) if there is a level requirement or something of the sort that stops me from joining player games?.. Servers say they are up, idk if it's lack of player base at this point due to the simplistic small size of the game and that it's been out for a while now.  Either way having a blast and so far can only say good things about it all around :) If you are a person looking for someone to play with add me on here and I hope to get in game with you soon!"
,Recommended,250560,15487621,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Unfunny Valentine,"A typical dungeon hack'n'slash game with a twist...The community make the dungeon segments!Basically you go through the dungeons (randomly or player chosen) to get gear and beat them for Dragon Scrolls.Dragon Scrolls are used to Fight the Dragon. One scroll is 3 lives to fight the dragon.Making levels is fun and easy, the third preview video shows the process."
76561198030089655,Recommended,250560,15516841,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,grinless,Solid gameplay with great addictiveness
,Recommended,250560,15491723,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,closetgeekshow,Simple and fun hack and slash rpg. The easy to use Level Editor that works with a controller is impressive. Playing user-created content is encouraged through XP bonuses. Every level scales with player XP so you can return to earlier adventures and still be challenged.
76561198041701953,Recommended,250560,15511469,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Traveling Morgue,It's cute when rats blow up
,Recommended,250560,15289316,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,ＤＥＶＥＳＩＤＩＧＩ,It's a fine time killer. However ACK really limits the creativity of map making. Developers should inspect Warcraft III mapmaker.
,Recommended,250560,15257013,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DragonBlade,This game is AWESOME!
,Recommended,250560,15258476,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[IHC] Yenski,"[Edited review]After playing a bit more, I'm not sure if the crashing was due to the game, or Steam, but either way it doesn't detract from the experience.The community is really strong on this one, and a good half of the levels made are decent.  I've seen both the 12 year-old made grindfests, as well as the complex and logic-driven stories that remind me of a table top experience."
,Recommended,250560,15230296,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Rin,++ Diablo Reduction ++Now Available On Wii U亲子向游戏 其他都还凑活 不过鼠标中键拖动旋转视角?开发者醒醒 多买几个鼠标用用好不好?
,Recommended,250560,15259757,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Mal,"A few good ideas with a healthy modding community so far, but the combat lacks depth. The rewards for fighting the dragon aren't all that appealing, and the game seems willing to throw dragon tickets everywhere when it gets the chance. A bit more character depth or class choice would be appreciated, but it's fun in a low-effort mass looting sensibility"
,Recommended,250560,15237734,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rusharoo,"9/10 for meA little glitchy in some parts like for example looting an item that got stuck behind a treasure chest on the wall. But the gameplay, damn that gameplay, it made it so hard for me to even quit the game and write this. It had me begging for more dungeon raids in order to donate more items and just answer that unnerving itch for the question, what's in the Platinum section, what is that super rare item that I'm gonna get, will it be worth it? And yes, having answered that the first time I'm ready to run through it again however I am pretty sleepy right now since it's running pretty late here. Solid job guys!"
76561198132265412,Recommended,250560,15229189,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BAN✔️ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,I can change my review now since it had to do with backup files...
,Recommended,250560,16239094,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Zarxes,"A nice and brand new genre for me. Create your own adventure and let everyone play it!Recommended for those who love loot.Too few characters though, and there're plenty o bugs like dead body collision and such.And why hasn't it updated for so long?QAQ"
76561198025338089,Recommended,250560,16501452,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,mike2ykme,It's an awesome game that's only gotten better with time from newer and better features and new players creating maps.
,Recommended,250560,18867489,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ballistic Bubba,"Ok game. Do recommend buying it, but when it goes for like $7.50. Not worth the whole $15."
76561198059123060,Recommended,250560,18331024,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,snarky_spice,"Got it on sale, bit grindy but lots of potential."
76561198128410805,Recommended,250560,17832553,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,imaginativeplayer,i think u should add diffrent types of dragons!! and alot more classes too choose from like enough u have too sit there and think about it! :) have a nice day
76561198053933900,Recommended,250560,17832986,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,kharma1425,"This should be on every work computor.  It is such a great way to disengage ones mind from stressful day to day activities.  It's got leveling, exploration, story(ok, thats a bit of a stretch), challenges, rewards, achievements.  For those more creative than I, it comes with the ability to develop ones own adventure and then publish it to others.  A great RPG/Platform that is light on time required to be invested, but packed with fun and adventure."
,Recommended,250560,33844983,Posted: 27 July,all,ObediahGenocide,"Really easy and intuitive level designer with lots of options. Controls are responsive, and the gameplay is as varied as you want to make it. Couch Co-op is super fun!"
76561197998214072,Recommended,250560,34069905,Posted: 6 August,all,MrXFactor,"This is a kind of game we could really use more of. Gameplay is fun and engaging, leveling up feels rewarding, and the fact that the game relies on levels made by the community rather than its own really saves on space usage. My only gripe is the blocking system. Your shield has its own health bar which deteriorates way faster than it should. It's a tad annoying, especially when you're in a room full of archers.ACK is probably one of the best editors I've used for a game so far. It's so easy to use, but the possibilities of what you can make with it are staggering. My only complaint about it is that when it comes to placing monsters in your map, you don't really have that many options with them. You can only name them, make them slightly stronger or slightly weaker, change their appearance and link them to triggers. A shame because I had a horror map in mind and I needed a monster that was unkillable.All in all, Fight the Dragon is awesome! Very much worth the asking price of 15 bucks. And just a little warning for the newcomers out there. Watch out for the skeleton archers. I've got level 5 characters and they're STILL my biggest problem."
,Recommended,250560,11606333,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Doohicky101,"Perhaps I was blinded by fanboyism. Perhaps only few saw what I could.What I do know is I had a quite a bit of fun building levels and getting feedback from those who enjoyed them.This feedback, along with seeing what others have creatively come up with is the bulk of the fun for me. See it as a creativity gateway rather than a dungeon crawler.I would say the price is right."
76561197980196275,Recommended,250560,33816109,Posted: 26 July,all,rlleaneagh,fun little game don't play it as often as i would like to
76561198072485016,Recommended,250560,35225928,Posted: 26 September,all,PlagueB,A good co-op game to play with someone you like. Very fun.
