user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198052770757,Recommended,250700,11864549,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,mulchov,"One thing for sure, I have not played anything liek this before.Personal score so far 9.5/10Pros:- I created an army of 50-60 me on a single boss fight.- Game plays really smooth both on keyboard and xbox controller!- Sound effects are amazing!- Originality of the game is originallisticlishshly original!- Thankfully not another 2 hour campaign, there's a little learning curve and a bit of immersion!- Funny 80's punz that force a grin or two.- Mission slow-mo replay is awesome, it's almost better than gameplay itself.- No multiplayer? If there was, it would cause brain damage!Cons:- unfortunately the purchase of this game does not come with real food :("
,Recommended,250700,11954299,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"I'm writing this before I'm 100% done with the game. Just an FYI.Super Time Force is one of the best games I've played this year, period. Its so fun. And thats the most important thing, isn't it? Its incredibly fun. The gameplay is solid and introduces a mechanic that improves the action platformer so much that I wouldn't mind seeing a few other games incorperate something like this, because my god is it amazing.The time travel. Its incredibly fun and satisfying to fly back in time to kill an enemy that killed one of your other teamates, and possibly save his life. You can then absorbe their life and now you're able to take even more hits(One more, to be exact). This doesn't sound like a big deal, but when you see it in action, believe me, its a lot of fun. Another thing this game does very well is it makes the entire team important. There will be situations where your wondering how to solve it, and maybe you'll pull out a teamate you wouldn't really think to use. It just adds so much more to the game and makes it that much more enjoyable.I'm about halfway through the game and if I was going to make any sort of complaint it would be the story/humor. For one, the humor is just bad in my opinion. Its like the borderlands-esque trying really hard to be funny and it just makes me cringe kind of humor, for that reason the rest of the story is just garbage to me, because its based so much on this terrible sense of humor(in my opinion). It falls flat, and its really a shame because the rest of the game is so amazing.I suppose gameplay is king here, but if you're gonna try and write funny humor, don't make it so horrible that I'm cringing when I try and read your dialogue.I don't really do ratings anymore, so I'll say this. I recommend this game at full price, absolutely. Especially if your into the kind of humor the game produces. One of the best games of the year so far, hope to see more great things from Capybara Games.Edit: I have now finished the main story of the game. I still love this game as much as I did when I wrote this. The story is still horrible.Buy At Full Price"
,Recommended,250700,16389938,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Caomhainn,"A crazy co-op game which gets rid of the co-op part.Well you can co-op with yourself so if you're the type who gets annoyed by other people ... buy itDeveloper: Capybara GamesPublisher: Capybara GamesRelease Date: 25 August, 2014STFU! Heh. I’m not telling you to be quiet but STFU is the abbreviation forSuper Time Force Ultraa game which managed to make me get hooked from the very start.Have you ever wanted a co-op game which gets rid of theco oppart?You might probably say’Bu-But … u iz not makin’ sense!Well relax kiddo and listen.For some people this might be a dream come true. You canco opand to be honest you’re forced to at nearly all times. Sounds weird doesn’t it?Well here comes the super fun part ofSTFU! You have toco opwith yourself!Say whaaaaaaat? That’s right folks. You have the super, awesome yes I want to say even godlike power of controlling time: TIME OUT!So what does this mean.Let’s take this quote from the Developer’s Homepage:TIME OUT LETS YOU STOP TIME AND REWIND BACK THROUGH WHAT YOU JUST DID!THEN YOU CAN JUMP BACK INTO THE ACTION WITH A NEW CHARACTER AND PLAY ALONGSIDE YOUR PAST SELF IN THE PAST, WHICH IS NOW THE PRESENT… WHOA.YOU CAN USE TIME OUT TO PARTNER UP WITH YOURSELF IN THE GOOD OL’ DAYS OF A FEW SECONDS AGO, CREATING A VERITABLE ARMY OF YOU(S)....Woah Dude. Mind blown right? Doesn’t this sound just awesome?And boy the whole game is definitely something else.There are a ton of characters you can play as, including favorites from TF2 and L4D.You’ll die in six different time periods. Oh yeah you will die don’t argue with me on that. In fact you will die a lot my friend. Before you you complain or might even end up crying let me quote the developer again:BUT DYING IS PART OF THE STRATEGIZING, SO DON’T WORRY ABOUT IT! WHEN YOU DIE, YOU CAN JUST REWIND TIME, ADD MORE FIREPOWER AND GO!So quit your whining and go! More firepower equals more fun equals you enjoying this game probably way more than you should!StoryLet’s make it short right here. Because the story is rather confusing since it involves time travel and to make you understand how time travel works I’d have to go deep into the world of physics and you’d still wouldn’t get it … well I don’t quite get it but it’s possible! At least inSTFU!You’re a scientist, with one eye, yes this is important I’ll get back later to i, in 1987 discovering the theory of time travel. Short after the world turns upside down. Your biggest concern: Can you use time travel to go back in time and save your beloved car? A Toyota?Right after someone appears. A Guy that looks exactly like you but he lost both of his eyeballs and wears two eye patches! See? Not one but two! It’s your future self! So after a sweet talk you know what you have to do: Saving the Earth!This is as much as I can spoil the story at the moment because: Time Travel. It would be too confusing.AtmosphereFun, crazy, high paced and gorgeous. ‘Nuff said let’s move on!Guess I have to expand a bit on it right?Well alright. Crazy would be really the best way to describe the feeling I get by playing it.There’s no need to decide whether you want to useShieldy Blockerson, using a Shield as his weapon orJean Ramboiswielding, guess what, a Machine Gun of course! I mean if you fancy both you can use’em at the same time! Sorta. Well if you happen to activate aTime Outand trust you will, you’ll can go ahead andcollectyour buddy as apower upturning into this nearly indestructible dude or gal … or reptile.The Pixel Art in this game is fitting and trust me when I’m telling you the game would look horrible if it would have been made in 3D. Not to mention it wouldn’t be fun anymore.Using Pixel Art for a game like this just boosts thecrazyfactor.Not to mention the music, if you can hear it over the sounds of exploding robots and bullet shells flying all over the place, just adds something to the game which let’s you forgettime.Not to mention the dialogues. Oh they’re glorious. Fancy. Crazy and so much more … You just have to fall in love with the Doc of the future. He’s a real man.GameplayI talked about it earlier but the biggest focus ofSTFUwould be theTime Outfeature.You have to use it if someone dies or is about to die. If you want to blow open a gate and you’re not strong enough to do it alone. JustTime Outand go back in time and show, whoever or whatever you want to show it to, who’s boss!But that’s not all. The real beauty of the game is the, let’s just call it, single playerco op.You’ll have to think on the stats which characters you’re going to use in which way to face certain enemies or situations.Besides that the game’s crazy, high paced and above all else: Challenging.I’d like to go as far as to say that this game is similar toDemon’s Souls. Similar as in it will punish you from the very start and throw you into situations where you could end up throwing your controller at your screen.But then again that’s the beauty of the game. It’s challenging and rewarding. Finishing a level nearly unharmed or so … a good feeling.VisualsPixel Art is love. Pixel Art is life.STFUis just another example why Pixel Art will, hopefully, never and should never die. It gives games a certain charm on it’s own.What else can I say?...Woah dude. Crazy.Yeah I can’t emphasis the crazy part enough. I mean the game’s gorgeous and looks absolutely fantastic but above all else the game’s stupid and crazy and I love it such much because of it.The Intro alone got me hooked … I mean … If you read that boy you’ll end up loving the game on the spot. It’s just so good.To be honest I should have bought the game full price. And not on sale. It seriously deserves every penny.And a shout out to my dear and annoying friendTimLol aka ScumSolfor showing this game to me."
,Recommended,250700,11864281,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,kiddo,"STFU is one of the best platformers i've played in a long time. the core mechanic lets you rewind time, which sounds very simple, but it's addictive and can be awesome to watch unfold. Think as if Braid and Contra had a baby, then that baby grew up in the 1980s while spouting off pop culture references and told corny jokes.Pros:-Cool Gameplay Mechanic-Awesome Music-Customizable Controls-Clever, Insane Story-Lots of Replay Value-Diverse and Unique Characters-FunCons:-Lag is Not Uncommon-Slight Learning Curve-Can Get Crowded On a Screen-Cheap Deaths (somewhat frequent)8.5/10Buy if you like:-Shovel Knight-Bit.Trip Runner-Mega ManOverall, a splendid game that make me chuckle more than a few times. Replay value is high, and the game is just fun to play; I can't stress that enough."
,Recommended,250700,12850445,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Horrible Little Man (MO of MOO),"You want this game.You dont know you want it yet but you do.Before this game i could never get into any contra style sidescrolling shooters, Hell, i couldnt even get into megaman.At first glance the whole time traveling gimmick could look dumb, since such mechanics are usualy only touched upon in sub-par free online flash games. But the way time travel is used here is great, it puts me in that ""speedruning"" mindset, but it barely ever feels stressfull to have a strict time limit AND limited lives for a level. The challenge mode can be mindmelting  sometimes, but the story mode is a big goofy romp the whole way through. It has just enough difficulty to make you think you arent going to beat it, but you are given allot of leeway, and it is immensly satasfying once you reach the end and the level and the replay shows everything falling into place perfectly.My only complaints are about the shortness of the story campaign, and the way the characters are done.Basicly the only things that separate the characters are what their weapon and their hitbox, i wound have liked to see more passive differences, and better balence between the characters (i found myself returning over and over to a few favorites.) I also think that a replay saving system would be nice, and perhaps a highscore board similar to dustforce.Get this game. Right now. Go on. Why are you still reading? Go.Buy it.go on.go.now.butts haha"
,Not Recommended,250700,13652997,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lordnine,"A mechanically sound game that just happens to have mechanics I don’t enjoy.  The whole premise of the game revolves around rewinding time to perfect your character placements and attacks.  My problem with this is that instead of fighting your enemies you end up fighting the limited time limit, rewinding time to shave off a few extra seconds so that you can progress more efficiently into the level.It’s a perfectionists dream but I just found it tedious and annoying."
,Recommended,250700,14045146,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,rgk,"At first glance, Super Time Force looks like a Metal Slug/Contra type of game: a 2D side-scroller in the run'n'gun vein.While the aspect is similar, the gameplay is in fact very different, for better or worse.The special feature of Super Time Force is to rewind time in the level while the previous occurrence of the player will do the same exact action. The player spawns with a new/same character, at an earlier point of time in the level, and exists alongside his past selves.It is then possible to prevent the death of previous characters to pick them up for bonus combo attacks, or to be multiple characters shooting at the same target to gain time in destroying something, as there is a time limit to finish the level (which is very generous with all the bonus pick-ups to increase the time on the clock).At the end of a mission, a replay allows to see an army of the player storming through the level and wreaking complete chaos.This time feature is particularly well done and makes the game really really fun, as the players create their own challenges and time puzzles.There is quite some variety in the level design and the atmosphere of the different levels (dinosaurs, post-apo, medieval, futuristic, etc), so it keeps feeling fresh and interesting.The problem is that the gameplay itself is not exactly the best. Unlike for instance Broforce, most characters can shoot in diagonals and up or down. This sounds like a good idea of course, but it is badly implemented. Games where you move and shoot independently do the twin-stick formula. On PC, it would mean moving and jumping on WASD and using the mouse to aim and shoot. But no, they went with the same stick/WASD both for aiming and moving, which removes the possibility to navigate fluidly through opponents while disposing of the enemies that are on a different plane than the player, and a LOT of enemies are on a different plane instead of just facing the player. The placement of the enemies is good, don't get me wrong. It just feels imprecise and approximate with the current control scheme. Thankfully the game is reactive and not clunky, but really I wish the moving and aiming was better implemented to reflect the complexity of the game. The developers came up with buttons to lock the player from moving or to keep aiming in a specific direction, which seems like a weird patch-up instead of just using the mouse/another stick to aim. Especially on PC!There are tons of characters to unlock, even if the main first ones are often the most suited. They different abilities are great and complement each other, it is really fun to use them and to think about which is best for which situation.The story is simple, fun and silly, and the graphics are.... Well, it's a matter of taste, but from the developers of Sword  and Sworcery I expected better. Everything in Super Time Force is very minimalistic and cubical, even a lot of effects. I did not really like the art style despite liking the variety in the environments and missions.As a conclusion, this is a game with a great novel game mechanic that is fully mastered, and just in addition to the fun of shooting with interesting and different characters, it is worth playing it. The downside are the controls, having movement and aiming on the same keys does not suit a game with so many actions and it makes it feel imprecise and approximate. Movements/jump on WASD and aiming on the mouse would have felt so much better!"
,Recommended,250700,12930162,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Cosmo,"Do you like arcade-style shoot-em-up platformers where you fill the screen with bullets?Do you ever wish you could rewind the game a few seconds to before you made that one mistake?Do you like taking the measured, methodical route to collect all the shiny things in the stage?Do you enjoy performing the perfect speed run?Do you want to do all of these at theSAMEFREAKINGTIME?!"
,Recommended,250700,22656463,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AlexWrench,"For the first five seconds, this feels like a silly and bombastic run and gun. Then, I die for the first time, and it becomes a sociopathic deconstructive exercise. I end the level exhausted, with my hands covered in viscera. Before me, lay the bones and organs of a video game, carefully washed  and separated, lined up by size and color."
76561198040855634,Recommended,250700,13439432,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,el Tron,"This is an incredibly fun, challenging, and creative game that also happens to be quite hilarious. Like Dark Souls, it is a game that will punish you in the beginning, forcing you to learn its mechanics, and eventually master them. Once you do, you will feel very powerful, and the game becomes quite rewarding as you burn through the stages with a mini-army of your past selves. It's a great concept that borrows from its predecessors, yet still creates something very new and fresh. The game's sense of humor is wonderful, and the ending is the best I've seen in any game in 2014. An original, enjoyable work by a very talented developer."
,Recommended,250700,19244052,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Mazzle Dazzle,"This game is crazy. Its what you dreamed up as a kid. Its ridiculous, stupid and wonderful. It's a fun platformer even without the numerous time clones. The time clones are such a great fun part of the game and they respond properly to changing conditions. Effectively managing them is great. It is both a puzzle and action platformer."
,Not Recommended,250700,14215858,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Dr. Sexy,"It feels pretty bad wanting to write a bad review of this game, but after several times of picking it up and slogging my way through it I kept having the same problems over and over.On the surface the game has a very fun pixel aesthetic, and the music more than adequately captures the mood of the game. However, this game is almost exclusively aesthetic.The games core mechanic is around using different characters to work your way through a level--You can only take 1 hit before you die, but you can rewind time at any point and respawn with the same, or a new character. The games challenge comes from using characters to quickly overcome set pieces and race against the clock, which has a very tight time constraint. You're only allowed so many respawns too, which (in theory) should force you to use your rewinds/respawns effectively.The problem with this game is that almost everything can be brute-forced and the set pieces end up providing little to no challenge during the games stages. Overcoming the set pieces is tedious and repetative, and using characters effectively doesn't provide any real rewarding feedback, and this is due to an overabundance of available resets.Almost all the stages can be taken down with a single character, and whereas the game is not entirely intended to be played that way, there is literally no encouragement to do otherwise. This is largely due to some of the characters being incredibly niche in their application since each character only has 2 moves: Their standard attack and a charge attack. So more than likely you'll find yourself comfortable with 1 or 2 characters, only branching out in a desperate attempt to inject some life into the shockingly mundane experience.The game comes alive during the boss fights, which if the game was only the boss fights (and the mildly entertaining puzzle rooms) I would actually recommend it without much thought. Using your entire rewind pool to take down one very overpowered enemy ends up feeling relatively exciting because of the nature of being able to overcome pattern in one cohesive string of actions. However, ultimately, like the stages, this doesn't feel immenselyrewardingdespite it's flash-in-the-pan fun due to the players ability to slam their head against the enemy until it's dead.Also the the writing is horrendous.HORRENDOUS.Whereas I don't require much story in my games, and in fact I usually want it to be as unintrusive as possible when it comes to platformers, I simply could not ignore the juvenille attempt at humor that this game crams down your throat. For a game with the potential to be played semi-serious for some great humor, it devolves to sophmorish poop and violence jokes. I wish I could've ignored it, but the game makes a point early that it wants to be at some part narrative to justify your adventure, but the justification is so garbage that I spent most of the time wishing it wasn't there.Could you have fun playing this game? Probably. Can I recommend this game? Not even remotely. Unfortunately the games uncompelling gameplay and ♥♥♥♥♥♥-chill inducing writing leaves a title with high potentail stranded in the dime-a-dozen pixel aesthetic indie games as of late.0 Comments"
76561198072335974,Recommended,250700,12917592,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Mareman69Me,"This game is so much fun. It's a beautiful blend of Contra, Austin Powers, and hundreds of internet jokes. The addition of Saxton Hale, Zoey, and Pyro only added to the fun of this. Great action, great comedy, and all around great game. Also, you can tell it's a good time-based game when you have over 5 hours in it and still don't completely understand how the time mechanic works. 6/6 great horses."
,Recommended,250700,11878753,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,zone,"Miss those old Treasure games like Gunstar Heroes, Silhouette Mirage, or Astro Boy: Omega Factor?  This is made for you and me.  Imagine if Braid looked and felt more like Contra Hard Corps mixed with the whimsy of Adventure Time, and boss battles that become a platforming shooter with almost RTS-like timeline layering mechanics.  Fantastic game, and one with a look I enjoy quite a bit in a growing sea of faceless pixel art nostalgia.  So far, one of my top picks of the year."
,Recommended,250700,11930896,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,aranth,"This is Braid, but with guns instead of art."
,Not Recommended,250700,13657442,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JoKOR,"At the time of writing this I have played just over an hour of Super Time Force Ultra (STFU). I may update this review at a later date.I feel the need to give myfirst impressionsof STFU.This game looked kinda cool, and seemed to have some really sweet ideas. But something just isn't quite there for me. I bought this game at 66% off. I thought that even if I didn't totally enjoy the gameplay I could still appreciate the visuals and game mechanics. I can't say I'd recommend STFU, even with a 66% discount.Before I get into why I'm not a fan, lets quickly list some things I do like.The visuals are pretty cool and uniqueDialogue is kind of humorousThe time travel effects are pretty damn coolThe game looks good, and the art is well made. But I have a fair amount of issues with the core gameplay.The PC port feels lazy- The tutorial kept asking me to press controller buttons. Many parts of the UI still reference controller buttons. I honestly feel like there should have been a little more effort put into the port. It plays laright once you find all the buttons and perhaps change a few.You have to look where you're shooting- At least in the PC port you can only shoot as you move, this makes hitting a stationary target very difficult. I have no idea if this is by design. But I often find myself struggling to hit things.The time travel mechanics break the flow of gameplay- As soon as I'm even slightly getting into the platforming, I must go back and repeat the last 10 seconds.Time travel is kinda repetitive- You're probably thinking ""Yeah, of course you're repeating it. That's the whole idea!"" My issue is that the repetition isn't made fun. It can often get quite frustrating. It feels like a mini grind. ""Repeat the last 10 seconds 3 times to get through this wall.""Defeating enemies is a finicky task- The previously mentioned aiming/moving issues make killing enemies a somewhat troublesome task. You might be thinking ""get good scrub, you obviously aren't good enough."" I'm not saying the game is hard or too difficult. I just feel like killing stuff requires some luck/flailing around for 3 deaths. If that makes sense?I'm told the game is kinda short- Aparently STFU only sports 3-4 hours of gameplay. I'm sure that's for a reason. The enviroments look lovely, and I'm sure they took a lot of time. You could also compare the price of a movie ticket to 3-4 hours of fun. But, for the price I would rather recomend otehr games.Simply touching an enemy kills you- This may seem like nit picking, or trivial. Whatever. There doesn't seem to be a smart way to kill enemies. Progressing through the levels often feels like bludgeoning my head against a wall in the hopes I knock it down. Just move forward, flair around with some attacks, die a bunch, maybe succede.Some of those things may give you the impression I hate the game. I don't. But I feel little motivation to play past the first stage.Please, please, please remember that these are only my first impressions.I'm planning on playing some more, but I felt the need to comment on some core issues I'm having.Some people seem to really be enjoying the game, but I can't say I'd reccomend it after my first impressions. Gameplay feels iritating at times, and I often don't feel in control."
,Recommended,250700,21668877,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sarzy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHPwR_hfkpQToo long; didn't watch -- Super Time Force is a ridiculously fun, stylish game with a memorable time-rewinding mechanic that sets it apart from similar platformers."
76561198091067271,Recommended,250700,12393638,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,TheWayfaring,"This game made me rage more than Dota, CS:GO, and Battleblock Theater combined, and I loved every second of it.10/10But in all seriousness, this game is crazy fun, with a unique approach to puzzle solving and boss slaying, and a really light-hearted approach to the whole thing. It's got simple controls, good mechanics, unique characters, and the ability to go back in time is very well done and the uses for it are plentiful. I suggest getting this game if you're looking for a unique game to shake up the classics, or maybe if you're masochistic, in a good way. Overall, it's a great game, and at the time of the review, I intend on putting many more hours into it. Actually I have thousands, but I keep going back in time to stop messing up. Man I called my teacher ""mom"" a lot."
,Recommended,250700,14443934,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"After playing through both Normal and Super Hardcore Mode I can say that this game was definitely worth the asking price.Super Time Force Ultra (STFU) is actually surprisingly deep after you get over the overwhelming game mechanic they throw right in your face moments into the tutorial. If you explained it to someone it'd be simple:""It's a side-scrolling run 'n gun game except you can rewind time if you mess up.""But once you get your hands on it you'll start to realize it's so much more then just ""rewind if you mess up"". You can rewind to help yourself kill a boss in 2 seconds instead of 15. Speed up certain stage segments by being in multiple places at once all at the same time, etc, etc.Getting into the game you'll quickly notice that the story isn't what drives this game. It's quirky, witty and not afraid to make fun of itself but eventually the jokes just get stale; thankfully we're not all buying this for the story and if you are then I'd recommend another game all together.But aside from the quirky story and rewind mechanic the game features 6 stages with 3~4 chapters each, one of which is always a boss chapter so it's short (60 seconds for each final chapter). The stages themselves are beautifully designed and have specific enemy themes to them since you'll be in different time periods for each stage.Now one playthrough of the game would take you about 3~6 hours if you just go from start to finish, there's another difficulty which may take you a little longer to complete since each squad member has 1 life and if they die then you're forced to either save them or forget them for the entire chapter. Also aside from the two playthroughs there's badges you can collect in each stage depending on what you do.They are:Chapter Clear - Just beat a chapter to get this badge.Glorbs Get - Acquire all yellow diamond's floating about in a chapter to get this badge.Shards Destroyed - Destroying all purple shards that appear after rewinding in a chapter to get this badge.Looker Met - Reach the 'Looker' before he leaves his human form at the end of a chapter to get this badge.STF Badge - Acquire all other badges in a chapter to get this one.Going for all the badges in each stage will add a considerable amount of game time and it's extremely unlikely you'll get all of them in one playthrough so you'll probably be replaying chapters a bunch if you're going for 100%.Ontop of the two playthroughs and badges you can collect they also have a seperate set of challenge levels called Helladeck Levels. These levels will test your skill and patience because each of the 50 (Yea fifty) stages makes you use pre-set characters with a certain amount of rewinds to try to collect all the glorbs before time runs out. They really do a great job of showcasing how unique each character in the game is from one another.Speaking of characters there's a ton, they range from a dolphin wielding a machine-gun to a jedi wearing a bathrobe. Some of them are hidden in chapters while others are unlocked once reaching certain milestones of Glorb/Shard/Looker badge completion.Like I said at the start of this review, definitely worth the asking price in my opinion Capybara Games did a fantastic job and I don't regret any minute of playing through both difficulties and doing just about everything the game had to offer.But if you're looking for something to quickly play for a night or two until you beat it once then I'd say purchase it on a sale since the game's short and the story doesn't take itself seriously at all."
,Recommended,250700,14465286,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Whoota,"I hate puns. I think they're a really cheap way to make something humourous. At least try to make your jokes work on more than one level. Cracking stupid jokes based on some loose utterances while acting all clever is really funny...[Rewind]So anyone who ever played Super Meatboy will attest that platforming games can be extremely unfogiving. Especially SMB, that just throws you back to start even if you mess up two pixels before the end. Wouldn't it be cool if you could rewind your game for a second or two, just to get that jump right? Super Time Force Ultra has you covered.Rachet and Clank Future had these puzzles where you're constantly rewind time to move in tandem with yourself to open doors and stuff. They were really ingenious and I liked them very much because they made you think on more than one level. Unlike puns that are just flat gaffes that no one can really...[Rewind]STFU (Yes, they made a pun....[Rewind]STFU is a retro-style run and gun shooter where you play as a squad of inter-temporal mercenaries that have to stop some robots from messing up the course of history. However, your team prefers the ""All solving hammer approach"" and just makes due with shooting everything. The main key here is that you have about a minute to complete a stage. Not nearly enough. However, because you can rewind time to any point beyond the first second, you can run through segments, while you let your past selves deal with the enemies. If you end up dying, you can rewind to come in with a different weapon to tackle the enemy, rewind again to walk again, but this time the enemy will be blown up before it can hit you.The mechanic is easy to use and tough to master. Seasoned players will find themselves growing comfortable with building a spectacular setup that resolves and obstacle in mere seconds, while beginners will be pleased that the retry button is lenient enough to keep them coming back.The characters borrow heavilty from pop-culture and puns. Even the dialog is in a league of its own when it comes to making the same pun over and over again. The whole game revolves around repetition so it isn't entirely weird that names like Jean Rambois, Dolphin Lundgren and Melanie Gibson (pretending to be the road warrior) show up. It is groan inducing at times, but you'll get through it intime....Crap I just made a time pun.[Rewind]The chaos on screen can pile up to such a degree that you wonder how you managed to get it done in the first place. Luckily the game replays your run through a level to show you just how clever you were at thetime. Damnit![Rewind]So, all in all, be sure to check this game out, because it is well worth yourtime. ...[Rewind]Just play it. It's fun, unique and full of explosions."
,Recommended,250700,24642519,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Akka,"Out of all the pixelated, shooty, over the top, sidescroller video games this is the one you should playMercenary Kings has ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t grinding.Broforce is boring and all the levels felt identical (partially because the terrain was destructable.)This one is wonderful. Time ♥♥♥♥ery gives you the widest assortment of locations for meyhem, not to mention an♥♥♥♥♥load of different bosses and actively switchable characters. It's hectic without ever being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Bonus gifts, it's hilarious and takes less than 4 hours to finish. If you own it, why haven't you given this a try?"
,Not Recommended,250700,15359798,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Shawnecy,"Cool idea but ends up being an exercise in repetitive game play with a set of limited controls (not necessarily bad) and levels that seemed designed to create nothing but frustration. You're often trying to shoot at an enemy with a gun that require some awkward timing/jumping/positioning etc. Objectives and enemies seem to be positioned such that you have to constantly stop, wait, clear the screen, move, etc. That's not horrible, but the style/theme of the game is one of play, die, rinse, repeat which doesn't jive with levels that are designed to trap the player into slower, cautious play (until you build up a number of replays to unleash a barrage).The game's fundamental concept seems fine, it just seems held back by a plethora of minor design issues. For example, movement control feels okay except for the part where charging you weapon forces you to move slow. Why not have charging the weapon have no effect (a la megaman)? This seems like the games designers wanted players to be slow when shooting, to be required to move methodically through a level. Essentially you can run or you can gun, but you can't run and gun. And in a game that has a big clock ticking down in front of your face all the time, you have a setting that tells the player to ""go go go"", but the game's mechanics forces you to be ""slow slow slow"".I really want to like this game. And I feel like if I sunk 40-100 hours on it, it'd be a blast to speed run some stages, but as it is, it's lacking just enough to be ultimately frustrating so I'm not willing to sink that kind of time into it. There's too many other games on the market where the fun of the game is more accessible."
,Recommended,250700,20883509,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,chad28_69,"Super Time Force Ultrais a retro-inspired side-scrolling action and shooter video game byCapybara Games.The gameplay is really enjoyable and sometimes challenging thanks to the novel use of the rewind time mechanic.  The story is funny and the many unlockable characters play differently. It gave me20 hoursof entertainment and I only did 12/50 of the Helladeck levels. It has a Metracriticscoreof80(critics).Overall, I really liked, had fun with and recommend the game.My score: 8/10"
76561198153539264,Recommended,250700,22809154,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Moose Beard,A UNIQUE and OUTSTANDING game.
,Recommended,250700,13440670,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,JerkDouglas,"This is the best game I have ever played, but also once you do everything you're all like ""HUH I WANT MORE TO PLAY"" and of course there isn't more to play so you get bored and delete it. So let's hope they put together some ridiculous add on content, or some kind of level generator that makes there be infinity things to do."
,Recommended,250700,11944518,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Tokiw,"Anyone here remember that video by Corridor Digital ""Clock Blockers""?  That's more or less what this game is.This has quickly reached high rankings in my favorite games. I love platformers, I love shooters, I love run&guns, I love puzzle games, and I love unique concepts. That's basically everything I love covered in a single title!  There are a few things I have complaints about however, but I'll get to those in a minute.Pros:- You can save yourself by going back in time and preventing the death from occuring-The game can be played by almost anyone of any skill level, but there's harder challenges for those (like me) want a more difficult game-Great sense of humor, and it doesn't even need to be vugar to be funny-Replayability is very high. Each level contains various things to accomplish such as beating it very quickly, collecting all of the Glorbs, or destroying all of the slo-mo doodads-Team Fortress Characters... But no hats or F2P model?-The game's name shortens to STFUCons:-The replay viewer is very limited. You can't save replays, and I feel as though you should be able to control the camera to watch the various prespectives rather than just following your ""Main"" prospective. Also, in the Helladeck, the replay stops at your very last glorb according to your main prespective, meaning your replay can be cut short of how long the actual playthrough was.-It can be frustrating when trying to get a fast time on a level, because once you defeat the boss, you can't rewind time and do it faster. You have to time out your shifts just before the boss is defeated, or the level ends, and your time is a little longer than it should be. This also means you can't re-wind through the whole level to make sure you didn't miss anything.I feel the pros definitely outweigh the cons, and like I said, this has worked its way up to one of my favorite games on steam.  If you have fifteen dollars on hand, I highly reccomend you buy STFU, or you had just better STFU."
,Recommended,250700,13967515,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Blazebeak🔥,An amazing game that should be talked about more. STFU has a unique gameplay mechanic that (as far as I know) has never been used in any other game. The game has great comedy and runs smoothly. Overall this games shows that you don't need a big budget or fancy character models to make a great game. Definitely pick it up if it's on sale.
,Recommended,250700,13738634,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Lord Weh,"The mechanics of Super Time Force Ultra are a lot of fun. A sidescrolling shooter, you can reverse time to 'double up' (and more) on yourself to help kill enemies and beat the level within the time limit. If you die, rewind and try to save yourself from dying by killing the thing that killed you before it has the chance!The levels are varied in terms of art, each world has a level that mixes up the objectives and style, and each boss is really fun and zany. There's a lot of unlockable characters, each has their own style and abilities, giving you an ever-increasing pallette of tools to deal with the challenges you face.The game isn't incredibly hard, but it is really fun, and the challenge level felt just about right for me. For the ultra-hardcore player, a hardcore mode unlocks on completion, that locks out a character completely if they die, unless you can travel back in time and prevent their death. Sounds like a lot of fun, but I'm certain it will make the game REALLY hard, so if you're after a challenge, there it is!I enjoyed the game's art style, which reminded me of Bravest Warriors / Adventure Time, and the humour is really good. There are a few overlong cutscenes (namely at the start and the end of the game), but they're so well written and amusing you don't really mind.There's a lot of unlockables and collectables too, so there's a significant amount to do after completing the game's stages. There's a lot to do and a lot of excuses to spend time with the game after completing it."
,Recommended,250700,13662366,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ok,"If you have ever wondered about the impracticality of time travel and the paradoxes associated with being in different planes of time and space simultaneously, then this game says ♥♥♥♥ YOU in a retro 8bit adventure full of puns and references to pop culture that will leave you grinning like this                                                                                                                ╔╦╦╦╦╦╦╦╦╦╦╦╦╗╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣╠╬╬█╬╬╬╬╬╬█╬╬╣╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣╠╬█╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬█╬╣╠╬██████████╬╣╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣╚╩╩╩╩╩╩╩╩╩╩╩╩╝"
,Recommended,250700,11876466,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"Braid meets Broforce in a well executed comedic story with refreshing gameplay mechanics.When you die (or when you feel like it) you can rewind time and try (again) with a (optionally different) character, the effects/actions of your previous character will still remain throughout the next try, and if you succeed in stopping the death of your previous character, you will gain HP/powerups.Next to the addictive, arcadic and intense gameplay, replayability is found in the form of unlockables, secrets, challenges and leaderboards.EDIT:Having finished the campaign, I can add that the ending is awesome, that it unlocks an extra mode which is super ultra awesome, and that I might go back in time to play this game again.Made with loving and caring, don't skip this gem!"
,Recommended,250700,13903586,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,tullece,"Super Time Force Ultra is a  side-scrolling action/shooter game by Capybara (Critter Crunch/Sword & Sorcery).You start each level with a 60 seconds counter. You need to finish it before the counter hits 0. The levels are based on various points in history like the middle ages, dynosaurs and also the future.You can go back in time to do things differently (you must do it each time you get killed) about 30 times each level.The fun part is that you can actually ""save"" YOURSELF from dying if you kill the enemy before he kills YOU FROM THE PAST (woah). You need to make several time travels per level to finish it in time.Each time that you make a time travel you can pick another character, there is a great variety of them (Aimy McKillin is my favorite, the sniper one). Plus, there is a well known character from a famous valve title in this game that needs to be unlocked ^~^The game has no local co-op or online mode, which it's not a letdown in my pov, cause the game's concept doesn't fit well in a co-op mode. It would be really chaotic to make it, since both players would need to work together and make every time travel to be useful and to not mess up with the other's player timeline.STFU (yeah) it's a excellent game with a creative proposal, well crafted retro graphics, funny history and addictive gameplay. I recommend it to anyone looking for a great 2D platformer experience."
76561198047737457,Recommended,250700,14119240,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SamiBoi,Max Paynes' Bullet Slo-mo + Braids' rewind mechanic + Classes of Team Fortress 2 = A Fun.......................TIME!
,Recommended,250700,14267773,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Youhavemyaxe,STFU is a rollicking good time.  The core mechanic is well implemented and doesn't get tired--unfortunately the humor does wear thin.
,Recommended,250700,11876641,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Pachetah,"By God... One of the best freakin platformers to date, tons of fun! 10/10 (Or rewind and make it an 11/10)"
76561198023416892,Recommended,250700,11876389,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Khorne Flakes,"Ill review this game in 10 minutes in the future, after i played it for 300 hours in 3 weeks from now.What can i say about a game where the whole idea is to screw around in space and TIME and change history forever becouse why not? Well, i can say it's awesome!For a pixel game the art is quite gorgeous, animations are fluid and the sound does it's work quite well.The gameplay revolves around going trough each level, blasting everything or everyone standing in your way, much like any other good Run and Gun game, except those guys have a TIME machine:EveryTIME you make a mistake or die you can rewind (back to the very beginning of the level even) and correct it, this opens up for various and creative uses: you can save your past self for getting killed and collect it (yea, collect the dude, it's complicated) so you can add him/her to your power and get and extra hit without dying (you can only get hit once normally), you can explore some part of the level to collect collectibles and bonuses then rewind back so you can continue without losing TIME, you can add as many dudes to shoot a boss all at once so you kill him in mere seconds instead of 2 minutes.Every level must be completed in less than 60 SECONDS! 1 MINUTE!! How is possible? Well, time travel, duh?! You bonuses on your way that extend the time with more seconds, but if you don't play your cards right you'll never have much TIME to complete it.This game really want you to step out of the conventional way of thinking, it wants you to think outside of TIME itself, if you think that you can't get that shiny bonus that come out of the enemy way too fast and vanish when it touches the ground, you are doing it wrong, rewind TIME and tell that bonus to fudge off!Aside for this the story is an amazing clusterfudge of hilarious TIME travels, there's no TIME to explain that!This game is a really fun and enjoyable experience that anyone, be the pro gamer or the casual, can jump into it.Now if you excuse me i have an appointment with my dinobros in 20 minutes in the past from now."
,Recommended,250700,12248346,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,=|Puruzi|=,"The people that made this are brilliant, and this game is awesome. Do yourself a favor and purchase it."
,Recommended,250700,11893508,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,srsface,"This game is the perfect platformer. I don't use that term lightly.Controls are as tight as you need them to be for a Contra-style game like this. The time gimmick is just a great idea and loads of fun. You'll laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off every new stage at how silly the game is and how great the dialogue is (seriously, it's a selling point in a PLATFORMER, that's how funny it is). The music is just right.It's perfect. I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,250700,11902422,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,SuperToxin,"One of the best games ive ever played, if you like action packed 2d time travelling fun then this is for you.Also the abbreviation is STFU 11/10"
,Recommended,250700,33315397,Posted: 6 July,all,yessoan,"This game is awesome.The gameplay of manipulating time and dropping in and out to progress faster, kill stuff faster, and save previous versions of yourself feels incredibly skillful and tactical.On top of that, the game is rather charming, with a story that throws caution to the wind.Add in the massive roster of characters including such notable figures as the Pyro from TF2, Merlin the wizard and Leonardo Di Vinci, as well as a bunch of collectables, bonus missions and time trials and I don't think I can reccomend this more."
,Recommended,250700,20554694,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Most Nights,This game never gets old.  The mechanics keep me wanting to replay levels over and over with different characters and set ups.  Also has a good sense of humor and great pixel art.
,Recommended,250700,20860567,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Axass,"Completed the campaign, the holodeck, got all collectibles and characters. I love games that try to ♥♥♥♥ with my mind, the whole time rewinding plus clones mechanic is excuted excellently, collectibles are fun to get and require skills and timing (especially in the well crafted holodeck challenges), the characters are a lot and almost all unique and interesting to use, each with its own quirk, having to actually save them to use them is a nice added touch. The pixel graphics are phenomenal, with an unusual attention to detail, it really feels like a moving cartoon, the story is pretty much nonsensical, the settings awesome; the whole game is very pop-culture inspired and sometimes it goes overboard, ending up in the silly zone, the opening and ending cutscenes in particular go on just too much."
,Recommended,250700,20485178,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Orandj,"Interesting mechanics, intriguing programming, sweet art style.Dinosaur on a skateboard."
76561198198180671,Recommended,250700,21918064,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ninjamob888,"Well designed! So much fun to play! Defintely twist to a normal shooter game, the art work is ohhhh soooo fun to watch, must play game! <33333"
,Recommended,250700,21216922,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Super Time Force Ultra review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 4 hoursPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? No, I found the game soon became repetitiveBest part – The clever time manipulation mechanic is unique to STFU and is well worth experiencingWorst part – The are many characters with their own abilities but only a handful of them are actually useful"
,Recommended,250700,11870779,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,riglow,Mind-numbingly addictive. Eye-popping graphics and a brilliant soundtrack. Controls are simple on keyboard and controller. Clever dialog and slapstick character personalities make for a hilarious storyline with an enormous cast of playable characters that are brilliantly designed. Using the full roster in a single level is easy. The challenges built in to the game provide infinite hours of extended gameplay that strike at the heart of hardcore gamers rased on the classics.
76561198065755191,Recommended,250700,20218402,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hoaxfish,"The basic premise of time-clones is clever and perfectly implemented, however it can cause the game to feel fairly unchallenging due to the ease of ""fixing"" your mistakes.While the game has a lot of playable characters, only a handful stand out as useful.Overall it's a fun game, but can feel over quite quickly."
,Recommended,250700,20441617,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Google Drive,"Less teamwork, more repeating death!"
76561198041330758,Recommended,250700,11868018,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,SpencerFault,"This is a one of a kind game. With all the mindless shooting and rewinding time, it opened this strategy to continue shooting in more effective ways, with your own personal style. If you enjoy a ridiculous and thought provoking story, it gives you the quantity for you to thirst for more of this game.There are so many playable characters that all have their own unique traits, you get to find your comfort zone in which you choose countlessly to rampage across time. I looked at what I'm up against and thought 'what would be the best option? Long Distance, Close up? Do I want to get the enemies all at once or try to pick off the biggest threats to losing a character? It encourages thought for shooting anything and anywhere.The art style is beautiful. People may think of it as unoriginal or an indie-staple. Vic Nguyen shows off the best in colours and animation and really captures an atmosphere in each level, making it feel unique. I say these graphics suited the game best.It didn't take too long for me to beat the game when I did not go for all of the items thrown about, but I suggest you do to get a insane menagerie of characters, even a few from Valves franchise.I see no real negatives, if you die constantly in the game, its a matter of paying closer attention. The bosses may be all delt with my stacking characters but that is the point when you only have a minute to beat them.I wish I could shake the hands of representatives of the company, Capybara Games. I thought it was pretty funny that they only lived 11 minutes away from me in Toronto, ON, when I used to live there.Great art, great mechanics, rad story and amazing game.10/10 kookabungas"
,Recommended,250700,11880781,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,HeavyEyes,"This game is too much fun.. If you like side-scrollers, if you like innovative ideas, if you like comedic stories, and if you just want to smile while you blast knights, robots, dinosaurs, vagrants and alternative-dimension enemies, this game is for you.  In fact, ♥♥♥♥ it, if you are a gamer, this game is for you."
,Recommended,250700,11866470,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Big Bang Blitz,"Equal parts fun, innovative and outlandish, you'll stare in constant amazement and sometimes disbelief at what goes on in this game. Fun graphics, jaunty tunes and all sorts of variety between characters paired with never before seen mechanics plus a dash of 80's sensibilities make for a fine Stew. I really want to see where these Devs go next."
,Recommended,250700,20944284,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Oacyst,"Just like actual co-op, but the only person you can yell at is yourself."
76561198122265869,Recommended,250700,13154282,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Classics,"If I could travel back in time to buy this game sooner, I would."
,Recommended,250700,11866515,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Wasserstern,"I wasnt sure what to think about this game when I first watched the trailer. Seemed like a cool idea but I was sceptic at how it would play like.But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is just so much fun. And its really really challenging, getting all those collectables is very motivating. Especially getting a certain collectable that is at the end of every level (wont spoil how getting it works) is hard as balls sometimes.Dont get me started on all the extra challenge levels and unlockable characters.This was my first session with the game and I just couldnt stop playing, now its 1AM here and I really gotta get some sleep.Can recommend this. Great gameplay, great graphics, nice soundtrack, quirky story and characters and lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥to do."
76561197975607244,Recommended,250700,29069988,Posted: 6 January,all,Nomad,"Completed and loved this game. The graphics are pixel style but the gameplay is amazing. The ""time"" gameplay mechanic is used really well and is great fun to experiment with. The ""homage"" naming of characters is also great. I loved the art style, loved the humour, loved the mechanics and loved the game.A truly badass and innovative game, I highly recommend this badboy.So STFU and get it :P"
,Recommended,250700,11890293,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Timegoat,Braid with Guns
,Not Recommended,250700,25456012,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Unique Time Travel based combatWhat You Need to Know:Game basically requires a controller, the game only shows Xbox controller promptsThe Levels are short missions that require you to use the time travel to speed through some partsThe bosses are fun, requiring you to stack up multiple version of yourself to stack up damage on themThe combat is very shallow and just not fun because of the timer put on you in each level. It's more a speed run game with it inMy hours maybe short, but I got through 1/3 of the game and just wasn't enjoying it, so if your on the edge of buying, just skip it your not missing muchMy Score:CPrice:$5Main reason for dislike:The timer on every level made it unenjoyable, since it was so fast, and didn't give me time to enjoy the gameGames similar that are Better:BroforceAlmost any other side scrolling shooter"
,Recommended,250700,11864713,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Face Hugger,"This game is fantastic. All of the charatcers are fun to play, and the time mechanic allows one to manipulate gameplay in all sorts of ways. It also grants it some replay value. Really great boss fights, lots of humor."
,Recommended,250700,11876632,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,sumtinsumtin,"Excellent game. I may buy a few of these as gifts next week for pals, is the soundtrack availabe on Steam yet?"
76561198070667259,Recommended,250700,11874148,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,TarAlacrin,"Yep. Its a good game. Good for a mindless romp in explosions, also good for a thoughtful romp with explosions"
,Recommended,250700,12212104,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Apiary,"Hilariously written, novel to play, and challenging enough!"
,Recommended,250700,11877351,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Its rad.
,Recommended,250700,11878812,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,misc,"Awesome game. Bought the soundtrack with it, but I don't have it yet. What gives?"
,Recommended,250700,16245390,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,megarust,"This is a gem of a game.  Nice shooter mechanics, a variety of well done characters with their own unique abilities, and hilarious writing.  Turtles in time meets contra minus taking itself seriously in the slightest."
,Recommended,250700,12186822,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Pirateguybrush,"This is really solid fun, great for playing in small chunks, and the writing will get a few laughs.  Definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,250700,12286356,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Deep 13,"This is the smartest stupid game I've ever played. The dumb humour, silly story and nominally mindless run-and-gun gameplay are combined with a genius concept and a completely fun and unique approach to create a must play! Plus, the radical soundtrack (yes I know I used the word radical, I mean it) and expressive, pixel-ly graphics are both excellent too. If you want to play a deep, puzzling and tactical, but overall fun platforming shooter, STFU should be your first stop.Plus there're characters called Dolphin Lundgren and Jef Leppard, c'mon how can you resist that."
,Recommended,250700,11872868,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Kungfuquickness,"This game is no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just fun. Don't let the time limit scare you either. You are part of the Super Time Force after all.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,250700,11875293,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,kgivens41,i dont review games... BUT I LOVE THIS ONE!
,Recommended,250700,13115475,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Icefang,This game is amazing. Why haven't you already had buying it? You have been enjoy it as much as I will right now.
,Recommended,250700,13208689,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,finalfrog,"This is an extremely fun game that feels more like Gunstar Heros on streoids than it does Metal Slug. The story is very silly and it knows it. A well polished gem worthy of any collection.One weird side-effect of playing the game for more than 30 minutes at a time is that it trains your brain to account for the ability to wind-back time. Every time I stop playing I find myself wanting to reverse time to get back to my seat after I walk into the kitchen, or if I forget something when leaving the house I'll try to rewind back to before I left then realize I can't do that in reality. A rather curious effect."
76561198043854440,Not Recommended,250700,33200997,Posted: 3 July,all,Azeras,"Tl;dr: interesting ideas with some very annoying elements of gameplay.The good:* Time manimulation mechanics are one of the best things I ever seen in gaming - doing different tasks at the same time (game's time, no real time) is very entertaining, solving problems, optimizing run and then, at the end of level, seeing it done in real time is very impressive. Though, the most intense and enjoyable moments were boss battles - every boss is somewhat different and requires different tactics to beat, that makes time control shine: player must go back in time just enough to increase damage output, but do not much, because boss will change it's phase too fast which could waste previous soldiers lives (they will be shooting empty space). Well done.* Runs great;Tne neutral:* Story is ""meh"" - did not fell it at all (but the ending was sweet :D );* Music is ok (personal preference);* Looks ok (personal preference);The terrible:* Commander is annoying - I just don't like his monologues and he is not entertaining at all;* Controls - oh my, oh my. What. A. Mess. Yeah, I exaggerate a bit. They are just inconvenient:- movement: everything is ok, no problem;- it seems that, sometimes, game eats my inputs but do not show anything in game (very frustrating in platforming-heavy sections). I have never encountered anything like this before.- aiming. Just missed oppurtunity. It is possible to use mouse for actions but not for AIMING. The only options are move at the same direction of shooting; move and shoot at fixed direction; stand and shoot at any direction. There is no independence like in twin - stick shooter. Didn't stop me from finishing the game however it was kinda ""kick in the ****"".* Visual pollution: SOMETIMES there are a lot going on the screen and it is hard to see projectiles moving towards you.Recommended on sale? INDEED.Just use these 3 hours to decide if controls are bearable for you.Also: collectables and hardmode for extended palytime."
,Recommended,250700,21385528,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,leafy,"Neat time rewind mechanic, vury challenging"
,Recommended,250700,13044664,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Literally Joseph Stalin ☭,"Why aren't you playing this game right now you dumb idiot? My only regret is that I can't use a Time Out to go back to when this game first launched to play it then. Or to go back to when it was in development and help the developers out by, like, scratching their balls for them or whatever they needed. Because this game owns."
76561198089251910,Recommended,250700,23390881,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Abe Froman,"shot a man while other me saved me from the same man,in the future.Its a bit like a bad x-men comic."
,Recommended,250700,11872905,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,[G@mer]But terd,"First Try on Super Time Force UltraThe video is here:http://youtu.be/-kIVm7iun9cSTFU is a side-scrolling shooter with platformer and time travel mechanics.Before going into the game, I'd like to point out the game runs at 60 fps and features fully rebindable keys, which is really nice and has to be pointed out laudatory, since this game happens to be a console port and there are many console ports that just don't have things like that.Ingame you start with 3 different characters to choose from. Each has its own abilities, so, depending on the situation, one might be better than the other two. Your ability can either be activated fast by pressing the ""Fire"" Button or can be channeled to a more powerful attack by pressing and holding the Fire button.One thing your heroes have in common is that they are really squishy and die most of the time with one hit. If that happens you can rewind the time even back to the very beginning of the level, if you so desire. And with that said we come to the main mechanic of the game: The time travelling.As stated above you can rewind time to anywhere you want, except for the very point of your death. Each move, each action  you have taken before with whatever characters you have happened to choose is kept, which means everything you have done before will affect your current attempt, so to speak.When you have died before rewinding the time and you happen to kill or disable the source of your death in the current attempt, you can pick up the character that now doesn't die as a shield which means that you can be hit more than once.But even if you don't get hit by anything you still have an advantage by doing that.Because of you having picked up the spirit, said spirit will now use his abilities simultaneously to you, which increases your firepower immensly.There is a plethora of ways to use this mechanic, so I've just scratched the surface with that description.The dialogue and the pop-culture references are good for a laugh or too and are reminiscent of oldschool parody titles that don't take themselves seriously. This also serves as an explanation on why the story is, let's say, not really comprehensible. The reasons on why you go (back) to certain times is interesting, to say the least, and I think you'll have to see it for yourself.Asthethicswise the game has a lot to offer and when you've played superbrothers: swords and sorcery, you might recognize Capybara's artstyle there. It is also a good example on how to make good pixel art.The background of each stage is unique and has something to offer, so I recommend taking the time(no pun intended) to take a look at the replay and paying attention to the background. You might find something surprising here and there.Speaking of the replay, it is a nice addition which lets you take a look at your failures and epic moments, even in sloooow... moootiooon... which makes this moments even better.The soundtrack is great, and you can even buy it on its own, but why would you do that, you can buy the game as well in a package.Are there any complaints? Well not really. One thing that might be nice to have is a multiplayer mode(VS, Co-op, Co-optional), but as I've said, it would be nice to have.In the end we come to the price. It's 15€ and seeing that it has taken me about an hour to complete about 1/5 of the game, I'd say its safe to assume that one playthrough might take up to 5 hours. Apart from that there is pretty much nothing that speaks against a recommendation from my side.To put it in the vein of Mr. Leeroy Jenkins: ""Alright! Time's up! Let's buy this!"""
76561197993402955,Recommended,250700,13802813,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bring back Psychic Force,the humor in this game is so embarrassingly awful it basically ruins the whole thing.the time rewind gimmick doesn't amount to much more than grinding out the same level/boss enough times that you can do it fast enough to reach the end.it's kind of fun but kind of eh.i'd recommend it only if you plan on skipping all of the cutscenes and dialogue.
,Recommended,250700,11867705,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,EggsOverEasy,Insane hilarity when you play this game. You'll love it!
,Recommended,250700,11866488,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,zedqube,Best time-travel shoot-em-up I have ever played
76561198171066041,Recommended,250700,16969336,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,jRam90,Best ♥♥♥♥ing game I've played in several years! I totally recommend this!
,Recommended,250700,11868054,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,shoggofu,"I've played this game for about an hour and 45 minutes before writing this. It's pretty good.- Being able to rewind back in time and re-spawn at any point is a really cool alternative to simply having extra lives- I like the choice of heroes and the large amount of variety in the locations, enemies and bosseshttp://youtu.be/c_kwgTqLFNohttp://youtu.be/uJ3fhdQCeysYou have three heroes to choose from when you spawn. A machine gunner who has a spread shot secondary firing mode. A sniper with reflective shots whose special fires a big laser through walls. Lastly the shield dude who is able to block and reflect projectiles and has a special area of effect attack that lays down a protective shield.-----Each time you die you expend a 'timeout' and can rewind the action to any point you want, you are then able to re-spawn as one of the characters at the position of your previous avatar. Your previous incarnations will follow the paths you took and repeat the actions you made with them. The damage your previous incarnations made to enemies will still be dealt and accumulate, you pretty much have to do so to beat the game. I'm not sure that's it's possible to get through this game without dying and using a single character.-----You can do stuff like use a shield guy to lay down protective barriers. Then on death re-spawn as a gunner or a sniper and use those barriers for cover. If you save previous incarnations from death they leave behind a power-up which allows you to take one more hit before you die, usually you die in one hit. You will also be able use their special until you expend that extra hit. So basically if a gunner picks up the power-up left by a shield guy both of their specials abilities are activated so that a protective barrier is placed down as well as a spread shot.-----I found the game quite challenging. I ran out time-outs once even though you start with thirty of them. Your characters are quite vulnerable usually only being able to take a single hit, and it's easy to miss something and get yourself killed on it. You need to use variety in the characters you choose, some will work better in certain situations and their effects are more effective with one another. It helps to use a bit of strategy in terms of which hero you pick and at which point in the past you re-spawn at.-----You encounter a large variety of enemies. First it's just robots. But after the first area you have access to the choice of different locations, like in Megaman. I didn't have time to visit them all but there around eight different world's each with their a different theme and their own unique enemies. A medieval era where you search for the holy grail. You are then taken to heaven where you find henchmen from various world worlds from the game lining up to be processed for the afterlife. In these places you battle knights, archers, cherubs and angels. You are given a Jetpack to fly around with in heaven, yay! There is also a post-apocalyptic world and a dinosaur themed one and so on. Each world ends with a boss battle and each of these has a unique appearance and attack sequence.So the game look's really good. I haven't played a lot of Contra which this game is meant to be like. But I've played a bit of metal slug and this game me a lot of that.-----The opening scene where you have the scientist who invented time travel and his alternate incarnation from another timeline reminded a LOT of Men In Black 3 where there was a very similar scene. I think this is probably intentional and I thought that was really cool.-----There's a lot of silly humorous dialogue. My favorite part was when I came across the former Bass player of the teams leader. You are told that he would be a good addition to the team as long as he isn't murdered by a giant robot, but of course as soon as that's said a robot drops down and does just that.I really enjoyed playing this game. As far as plat-formers go I think it has quite a bit of content, and it feel really good and fun to play. It's definitely a game that I would like to return to if I can make time for it.Clickherefor my YouTube gaming channel"
,Recommended,250700,11913997,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,KristophUK,Recommended. The use of time travel makes this one of the better platformers I've played. Has a great sence of humour too!
,Recommended,250700,11881800,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Gunwarrior,The raddest single player co-op game I've ever played.
,Recommended,250700,12005040,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Mighty,A game that is chock full of wibbly wobbly timey wimey funstuff.
,Recommended,250700,12385216,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,SlaughterSpank,THIS GAME IS DOPE AND FRESH
,Recommended,250700,11887859,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Regis Philbin's Dick Bone,Best Game 198X-3072
,Recommended,250700,11883852,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Sam Hatley,This is the best game I've played all year. It'll probably be award snubbed in favour of Depression Quest.
76561198075202999,Recommended,250700,13442364,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jakuzi,"easy to learn, hard to mastermuch gameplay, skippable cutscenes, solid controls, neat idea, nice art, solid tunes"
76561198027167026,Recommended,250700,11902947,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,wordanjitter,incredibly fun.
,Recommended,250700,13522003,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,slashz,"A retro SHMUP done rightI usually don't like pseudo 8-bit (actually closer to 16-bit, most of the time) ""retro"" styled games for the style iself, although it is understandable that not every developer has the resources to animate heaps of HD sprites in 60fps.With that being said, I'd say that Capybara Games pulled it off better than anyone with STFU. The only negative thing I could possibly say about it is that some of the sprites feel a bit too chunky sometimes. Other than that, the game feels SOLID. With the esthetics along with the tsunami of 80s and 90s pop culture references, STFU brings me back to ""the good old days"" (quite subjective, I know) of gaming, in a way that no other game has managed to.Good: Lots!!!Bad: Severe slowdowns attimes. Sometimes I could swear it even runs backwards!Ugly: Turds"
,Recommended,250700,14614553,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,(O)RE,"+ pixel art graphics with nice colours and animations+ cool sound fx and music+ tutorial and easy to learn how to play+ lots of action and replayability with different combinations+ nice puzzle levels @ HellaDeck+ funny moments and dialogs+ cool and funny characters & some of them are references from other popular games+ pretty awesome scenes at each campaign level+ ultra mode is unlocked after the normal campaign completion (same levels, more characters to unlock)- the gameplay gets frustrating some times- gets a little bit tiring after some time- more challenging in ultra mode, but even more difficult to control your character successfully -you don't enjoy it much"
,Not Recommended,250700,19153737,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Squigly,"Huge bloody let down...from what i had seen in the videos this game was a fun, fast paced, side scrolling game with lots of explosions...what i got was a hard to control mess with near unplayable levels (dino boss is extremely hard compared to some others) not a fan and i was hoping that it would be much better than it was :p 4/10 keep ur cash"
,Recommended,250700,21976862,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Chicken$#it,"I had much fun TIME with this game. In about 6 hours TIME is how long the main campaign took me. Could have completed more, but not my thing. probably take a about 10-15 to grind everything. Plus secret surprise at the end.Story was funny, with character. Lots of variety to choose for your team / run. Meatboy mechanic was cool, music was on par with the style."
,Recommended,250700,17648902,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Gay Yandere,"This game is great, It was satisfying to shoot things, I found the dialogue and story funny and the characters... Well, I only really used 3 of them but whatevs.This game was great all the way through, even though the ending cutscene wasted a lot of my TIME.Sorry.I'm sick of time puns.They show up all the time."
,Recommended,250700,18332916,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kacper Kwiatkowski,"Man, I wish I could go back in Time to relive the enjoyment of completing Super Time Force for the first Time...A very positive surprise. I played it for an hour or two about once a week and I think it was perfect to be enjoyed this way. It was challenging, but not very difficult, VERY funny, and the whole time rewind idea was more than just a gimmick - it properly driven the whole game, never becoming boring. Plus the visuals are superb!Relaxing, amusing and ingenious. Huge recommendation."
,Recommended,250700,13659150,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jager2,"This game is just, hands down, one of the best, most interesting games I've ever played. It's got a learning curve, but damnit, it's just a blast the whole way through. I didn't stop playing until it was beaten, and I rarely do that for anything these days. Just get it."
76561197997845446,Recommended,250700,11886495,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,GingerCinnamon,It's kinda Braid + Super Meat Boy + Metal SlugTONS OF FUN9/10
76561198086383812,Recommended,250700,11873201,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Javves,You can play as a dinosaur on a skateboard 10/10
,Recommended,250700,12637601,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Super Yusk boy,"Different from everything I ever played! If you like Metal Slug but also like really puzzling games, buy it."
76561198021879133,Recommended,250700,12870067,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,seykyo,"DIE ! REWIND TIME ! SAVE YOURSELF !  DIE MORE ! REWIND TIME ... MORE ! SAVE YOURSELF AGAIN!  DINAUSORE ON A SKATEBAORD ! DOT IT BECAUSE IF YOU DIE, JUST REWIND TIME AND TRY THE WHOLE LIVING THING ALL OVER AGAIN  !!DO IT DAVID !! DO IT !!!!"
,Recommended,250700,11875003,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,SpectreWulf,"Capy always manages to inject originality in all of their titles to date and Super Time Force Ultra is no exception to that legacy :)Super Time Force Ultra puts you into the shoes of more than a dozen unique wacky heroes each having the power to rewind time as we know it and change the immediate future!Now this seems bring and tried in the past (Prince of Persia I am looking at you), however Capy takes that concept and puts it on steroids!!!You see everytime you jump back in time your past self is not lost instead a time paradox occurs and your current self and your past self fight together (your past self executes the same actions you did earlier)This opens up a vast range of oppurtunities to tackle the ongoing fast battles which often becomes too much to handle.. juts imagine if you rewinded time 20 times and each copy of you is fighting alongside you... an army of you :D (reminds me of Phantom Lancer from Dota 2)Adding to this wacky awesome concept is the fact that you can choose who you want to play as when you rewind time... therefore the tactical possibilites are huge!!!Moreover if your past self died at a certain point of time and you save yourself before they die a time paradox occurs and you can use that past self to gain Power Up!!!! :DYou fuse with your former self and become twice thrice..... 20 times deadly!!! (that probably wont happen I am just kidding... or it can... :P )If you are still thinking to buy this game, you good sir are too jaded for your own good... :3PROS:+Time Rewinding mechanism you can play the same bloody level 30 times XD+Awesome Run and Gun mechanics+Weird Characters with versatile fighting skills each of which can be combined if you collect them as Time Paradox Power Ups+Awesome Retro Graphics+30 Lives inspired from Contra cheat :P+Gunstar Heroes feel+Funny dialouges, character names and stories...CONS:-We want MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,250700,16741860,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,WarezWaldo,"10/10, would die and respawn again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and"
,Recommended,250700,29172707,Posted: 10 January,all,J P T M,"Fantastic Game! The time mechanic is a lot of fun to play with, and using the myriad of different characters keeps gameplay fresh. I'm also Commander Repeatski has the best stuff to say all the TIME."
,Recommended,250700,15173818,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Azex,Kang The Conquerer simulator 201510/10Seriously though this is a stellar action platformer with a really unique and fun mechanic. Well worth it at reccomended price.
,Recommended,250700,12210322,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mojo De Los Muertos,Die. Save your past self. Power-up. Kill everything.
,Recommended,250700,13530028,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,bolin,Great writing. Time travel mechanic gets repetitive halfway through.3/5
,Recommended,250700,14061135,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Argle Bargle,If only I could go back in time to kill myself before I played this game.
,Recommended,250700,11954774,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Vereox,Time travel on a side scrolling shooter? Hell yes!10/10 Would 10/10 again!
76561197993870877,Recommended,250700,20200305,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,John Doe,Brillant & Extremely Clever
,Recommended,250700,11983240,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,HauntedDollWatch,This game is super duper! I like the things!Plus the part with the time travel? WHOA MAN! CAAAAARRRRRAAAZZZZZYYYYYY.
,Recommended,250700,11985712,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,mikwuyma,You can play a dinosaur with a skateboard and rad 80's shades. What's not to like?
,Recommended,250700,11993283,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Best Drink AU,Bought it for Saxton Hale10/10
,Recommended,250700,20177545,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Le_Tusk,"Really original concept with a really solid gameplay.The levels are all pretty original and funny, and there'sa lot, a massive lot of culture reference.S.T.F.U is somewhat of a contra like shooter where you shoot your way from point A to B.But unlike the other shooter, everytime you die you get the chance to choose the exact moment, of your precedent run, where you want to respawn. Now it sound complicated but bear with me : if you shoot 2 baddies and die a shameful death, you can choose to respawn like right after you've killed the first baddy. Not only that, but your precedent run will be played at the same time as you play.A concrete exemple : if you die 20 times, there will be 20 ghost of you shooting at bad guys at the same time. This lead to several different strategies and opportunities, since when you rewind time, everything around you reset too : you can use one life to get the collectable (Glorbs), you can use another life to save an extra character from a savage death, or you can tear your way through a boss by using brute time force.Nice pixel art, good soundtrack, and a good amount of replayability.I guess you could say I had a great...time (I'm so sorry).10/10 would mess continium space time again."
,Recommended,250700,30063266,Posted: 20 February,all,[TW] All Hail Chēzburger,gr8 af
,Recommended,250700,13754575,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rattrap,"This game is super rad. The concept of the gameplay alone is great and incredibly unique. Ever since seeing the Best Friends play this on YouTube, I've wanted to play it myself. Though I haven't played it too much so far, I already know that the side-scrolling shooter theme works very well."
,Recommended,250700,13797553,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Raguio,"Kookabunga/10, would Kookabunga again."
76561198025252389,Recommended,250700,13829530,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,KingOfMalkier,"This game is frakking great. I love the art (pixel art) and the writing is really goofy. If ""blackbelt fightjitsu"" makes you chuckle then you will enjoy every single thing Dr. Repeatski says. Gameplay-wise get ready for a bit of a mind-job you're first mission. You control an ever-expanding roster of heroes with the power to rewind time, drop in a different (or not!) teammate and try again *alongside your past teammate*. Special powers are granted if you can actually save a teammate that died previously. This lets you create all kinds of cool combinations and gang up on tougher enemies."
,Recommended,250700,13835344,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,the8cell,"fantastic and stylish pixel art, absolutely hilarious events and story, and incredibly fun game.very, very very fun"
76561198049893859,Recommended,250700,13886302,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Pandabites,"Super Time Force Ultra is a fantastically fun game to play. I burned through the missions all night on a worknight, it was just that fun. The mechanics are inventive, the pixel-art platform-environments are beautifully created and challenging, the art style is perfectly suited to the tone of the game and the controls have a precision that would be the envy of many other larger titles in the action-platformer genre. The centrepiece of the game is a unique and brilliant mechanic that allows you to rewind and insert additional characters into your game, slowly turning what would be an overwhelmingly difficult platform landscape to your advantage using each character's unique skills in a complementary fashion to solve the challenges within a certain time-limit. Totalbiscuit put it best when he described it as Braid meets Contra.Very little bad can be said about this game. Other reviewers have duly chastised STF for its dizzyingly stupid dialogue (and deservedly so - the game tries way too hard to be wacky and referential and what passes for humour is reminiscent of the sort of chat site lolz you might have enjoyed when you were nine), but ultimately the game is still a delight to play because of its focus on the gameplay and mechanics.I thoroughly recommend Super Time Force Ultra.7.5/10"
,Recommended,250700,13920825,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MegaSeveN,"This here is a hilarious and intriguing take on a sidescrolling action platformer. It's definitely not for everyone and a game I could only get myself to play in short bursts, but I enjoyed almost all the... time... I put into it. I'm sure there are plenty of reviews explaining how the game works, so I'll just list my likes & dislikes.Likes:+ Large cast of playable characters, including 3 Steam exclusives (<3 Zoey)+ Innovative time rewinding gameplay+ Very funny, if a bit sophmoric, sense of humor throughout+ Plenty of replay value+ Achievements aren't too difficult (31/31 in exactly 12 hours)Dislikes:- A lot of the characters weren't all that fun to play, so I never really used them- Gets a bit tiresome and frustrating if played for too long- Can be blown through in an hour or two if you're a pro- Catching the Lookers"
,Recommended,250700,13923751,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,The Talking Companion Cube,"I caught this one on Steam sale and it's turned out to be a true gem.If you find most platformers dull and repetative, STFU adds a fun twist to the old formula that makes it a pleasant surprise to play... and also lets you try (and regularly fail) to fix your mistakes.The presentation is fun, the game's entire premise is clever, and the humor is witty. It's the first platformer to really catch my attention since Fez.Worth paying full price for. A definate must if on sale."
76561198022344545,Recommended,250700,13050291,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,raimZ,"All that you really need to know is that this game is hella FUN.  Why? Because it is just an all round well put together game.  One of those easy to pick up, difficult to master type games, that always seem to be the best. Watching videos, were quite intimidating, because it just looked like a crazy mess.  But once you start playing, you will see there is a method to all the chaos.  This game is well designed, with interesting game mechanics and tight controls. It's just FUN."
76561198005776326,Recommended,250700,13060893,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,clickrush,One of the best action plattformers I played so far.
,Recommended,250700,13055251,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Deku Scrublord (Squid yiffer),"This game will make you laugh so hard you'll ""Shard"" yourself! Horrible jokes asside, This game is a master peice. You are going to die, but fret not. Your past selves will fight for you! I'm not the best at describing things, but all I can say is, the boss battles really shine. They'll thow in some move, you'll dodge it, but some guy above you shoots you down, you respawn, then take out the guy out, than take out the boss. You can learn from your mistakes. And almost everything about this game is fun! (Exept maybe the carperal tunnel you'll get.)"
76561198138073761,Recommended,250700,13316349,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Reikun,"I love super mario, i love time travels, i love stupid jokes.I love Super Time Force Ultra."
76561198047581942,Recommended,250700,13730085,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mr Poopy Butthole,"8 bit awesomeness for anyone that was ever a fan of metal slug or contra. Funny dialogue, clever character design and interesting time travel mechanics. Plus you travel through time and murder♥♥♥♥♥♥ so there's that."
,Recommended,250700,13753611,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nether,Contra and Braid had a baby and boy is that baby a bad mofo.The game itself is fun without the time-out aspect. When you add the time-out aspect the level of fun and strategy rise exponentially. A boss that would normally take 20-30 seconds to kill can be killed in a matter of seconds if you plan correctly. This is one of the best platform shooters ever made.
,Recommended,250700,13666201,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,That Guy,"I think it's... TIME for a review.I just spent the last hour laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off! the text is ridiculous in this game. retro graphics, Contra style shooting, different characters with different pros/cons, easy to switch between characters, time travel... what more could you want?seriously, the time travel is the best parts. you play the game, get far enough on your own, but when things get tough or you die, you reverse time a few seconds and you're fighting side by side with yourself! You will often have to save yourself from past events by changing them before they happen.10/10 would date my own mother again"
,Recommended,250700,13789036,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,pSeed,"Plataformer with time travels.... goty all years.A bit short, but very fun."
,Recommended,250700,13936039,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,WaitingtoConnect,Its a bit gimmicky but overall this game is bags of fun for those who love this sort of game. The time rewind feature is really innovative and this game is a lot of fun as a result. Recommend buy.
,Recommended,250700,14058836,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Gravity,"A fun little romp with an interesting time mechanic and gameplay reminiscent of Contra and other platform shooters, good humor, a fantastic art style and plenty of replayability. Definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,250700,13677199,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,eagleangelo,i love how all the characters have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ smile on them9/10(the -1 is because the soundtrack is now stuck on my head forever)
,Recommended,250700,13681246,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Haldeman,Contra meets Braid. Is pretty rad.
,Recommended,250700,13745263,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rukrio,"Take Contra and Braid, put them in a blender, and you get this game. this game maintains a high difficulty from the moment you hit the first test of everything you learned in it's tutorial, mainly because with one exception, you die in one hit. but save your past self from death, and powers of the character you saved from death become availible to you as the charge shot... until you take a hit. oh, and you can co-op with yourself. because time travel."
,Recommended,250700,13676343,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Bad Gamer,"I LOVE THIS GAME. It's much more differnet then other games like this because if you die you can rewind in time to team up with your past self and try to him/her from their fate and if you do so you get 1 extra hit and their charge attack combined with yours and on boss battles you can make an army against the boss. This is what I like and dislike about the game.What I like:Nice graphics.fun diologue + charecters.much more different gameplay.not very laggy [at least for me].fun fun fun.unlockable charecters.What I dislike.not multiplayer.have to move to shoot corner shots.xbox controls on tutorial [tip: the blue x means left click and the red b means right click]You might say the game makes you overpowered but... your not. you can only die 30 times  and you only have 60 seconds to complete the level. and this is where time travel come in. you can go back in time to respawn. maybe you wanna collect a clock to extend your time? If you want to hear more about the mechanics look down below [or above]for more detailed talking. their are awsome hidden charecters like from star wars,tf2 and left 4 dead and even more then that. I rate the game 11.7/10 = could've reached 12 but multiplayer and other things hold it back. I had alot of fun with the game and I think you will too. Keep in mind I only write reveiws for games I really like for example bioshock infinite *nudge* *nudge*"
76561197998182186,Recommended,250700,13665923,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Elethio - Pixeljudge.com,"Look guy's, this game is just incredibly awseome, funny, over the top and Ultra amazing.... what are you waiting for? get it now!"
76561197968107824,Recommended,250700,13675955,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Dude,"I've been looking for a decent platformer for awhile.  I've tried Broforce, Risk of Rain, Metal Slug... none compare to Super Time Force Ultra.  The humor and level designs in this game is great.  There is also some replay value by having some stuff to collect through the levels.  I don't usually enjoy replaying games but this game stays fun."
,Recommended,250700,13777548,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Nova_Five,A game that encourages you to shoot so mant bullets you break space-time.
76561197996914168,Recommended,250700,13714417,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Simon Benmont,"A++ game, would A++ again.Stupid side scrolling shooter that's actually very clever. No coop but still hilariously good for the price."
,Recommended,250700,13800772,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Smokee Purple,"The gameplay is great, characters are funny, and I love the ""time out"" mechanic.12/10"
,Recommended,250700,13917592,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pheasey,"Fun game with both a casual yet suitably challenging campaign, yet more of a puzzle-oriented set of side quests, so best of both worlds. 100%-ing levels isnt required but adds new interesting charaxters, each with unique abilities.Tutorial and controls display as if one was playing with controller even if this isn't the case, however the key bindings do work so this isn't really a problem.Timed challenges and collectables allow for replayability. I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,250700,14019831,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Calcifer,"An awesome, over the top, hectic platformer which is challenging and unique.Dying isnt always a bad thing in this gane, as it allows you to rewind and try again with a different character, while you old self persists up to the point  you die. Its also made harder by the fact you have 60 seconds to complete a level, often making you rewind and try again or team up to speed up your run.Also you can play as a dinasaur and a dolphin, so thats a bonus.10/10 would time travel again."
,Recommended,250700,14186898,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Vex,"Excellent all around--great gameplay, great look, great feel, great sound, great writing. It's a Contra-like action game with a simple but ingenious time travel mechanic--at any time, you can rewind time and re-insert yourself, playing alongside your previous self carrying out your previous actions. You only have 60 seconds to finish most levels, which is impossible if there were only one of you, so the goal is to figure out how best to team up with yourself to tackle obstacles and mow down bad guys. The rewind mechanic turns trial-and-error into trial-and-improve, making it a joy to loop through a firefight until your one-person army is able to obliterate every enemy before they even get off a shot. The real-time playback at the end showing every timeline simultaneously is a hilariously fun bit of mayhem that will remind you of the satisfying ""meat parade"" at the end of every level of Super Meat Boy. Well worth the full price."
76561198050446493,Recommended,250700,13656273,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,misanthrope_murphy,"This game is a nightmare....for perfectionists. I love this game and even failing in this game is fun. Did you run into a meteor? Just rewind time, block the meteor with ol' blocky, and then you are even more powerful. Reminds of Super Meat Boy in how, after you are done, you get to watch all of the work you did put together in one smooth playthrough of the level."
76561197971404661,Recommended,250700,13678579,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Insperatus,went back in time to tell myself to get this gdamn game. 11/10
76561198034108343,Recommended,250700,13707098,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,simopen,"I've played this for less than an hour and it's already in my favorites.  Capy is, as usual, an amazing group."
,Recommended,250700,13989989,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,お前は既に心得る。,"Supports bullet spam,♥♥♥♥♥♥blocks, quickscopes, tactical nukes, and other mlg grade weaponry. 666/69 would liberate the internet from imperialist dogs again."
,Recommended,250700,14289960,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,jefframos,"Usually when I get mad wishing that I came up for an idea of a game, that's when I know I truly loved it.Once you actually get a hang of the time controls, the game really opens up. You'll become super hyped for boss battles and watching their replays are just insane.The writing, humor, in-jokes, and puns are just icing on the cake. If you love side scrolling shoot 'em ups, goofy dialogue, awesome characters, and TIME, then get this jam."
,Recommended,250700,13314041,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,JDPoZ,"Really fun and novel take on the sidescrolling platform shooter (in the realm of games like Contra) with the twist that if you fail, you get to retry but alongside a ghost of your last playthrough and subsequently every playthrough and failure after that (usually up to 30 times!).This leads to some interesting strategies as you can rewind and take back over at any point in time of your last playthrough.Boss killed your dude last time? Set up a shield at that point this time. And if you save yourself from your previous run death, instead of a paradox, you combine with them, gaining their special ability.Again, a really fun game.The only thing I have to criticize is that the humor they're trying for comes off as trying WAAAAAAY too hard. Other than that, excellent game. Definitely worth a few bucks at least!"
76561197979456986,Recommended,250700,14572457,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,KaiserSose,I had a GREAT TIME....! It was the TIME of  my life! Gonna run it one more TIME! Ok time humor wears out after a bit.Pros:--TIME mechanic is frantic and fun after you get the hang of it you can have a whole army on the screen.-- Beautiful pixel art with great backgrounds and well thought out enviroments--Unlocking new characters is awesome and abilities are a joy to unleash--Corny humour and ability to poke fun at itself kept me chuckeling along the way (finish the game) 8)Cons--- I would of preferred to not race against the clock so I could have enjoyed the beautiful level design a little longer--Sometimes many characters at 1 TIME makes it hard to see where ur actual present character model is--Wish it had 2 player co-opOverall a  8/10 must buy for pixel art fans and a pleasure once you get the KNICK OF TIME!
,Recommended,250700,14940596,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,JV2501,"I've met your future you, who hadn't played the game until he read this review and started playing it.We both agree that this game 'has always been awesome'."
,Recommended,250700,14268864,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Purana SSJ Blue,"Note: I only review when I finish the game.Really fun and unique. Simple graphics but with much content. It's hard when you have many pasts in the screen, it gets a little confusing. Game to be played several times up to 100%! 9/10"
76561197995173255,Recommended,250700,15051614,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,KenMeisters,Super awesome fun once you got a hang of the whole time mechanic. Great graphics and sound and puns galore!!!
76561198042237959,Recommended,250700,14703045,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ezdez,"My finger is still damaged from the xbox controller I used to play this. Great innovative little platform shooter, the time mechanic really makes the game look like a mess as a spectator."
,Recommended,250700,14859035,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,celeste_ar,"Time manipulation might seem like a tired mechanic by now, But never before has it been executedthiswell.A complex, humorous, charming and cute game full of content and replayability that i can definitely recommend.Especiallyif you enjoyed the game ""Fez""."
76561198035018019,Recommended,250700,14326938,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,A_Gulper_Eel,"Awsome game, at first I finded it to easy but getting all the medal in harcore mode was a relly good challenge, the art is crazy good and you got a lot of caracther to choose and they all feel different."
76561198066159774,Recommended,250700,12403112,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BaueR,"at the start you imagine being a single unit in an army, but by the end you imagine you are that small army"
,Recommended,250700,12302328,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Magifoy,Loosing lives is good. Maked an army of 100 soldier...ahah :)Super 8.5/10 force ultra.
76561197973300271,Recommended,250700,11965256,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"Excellent game another home run from Cappy Games who made one of my all time favorite games Super Brothers: Sword & Sworcery EP.  This game has a great sense of humor, and a really unique game play mechanic that takes center stage through the game.  This game is a refreshing challenge and unique experience that puts many of those mass produced child proofed games to shame.  I dont understand why you wouldnt enjoy this game.  DO BUY!"
,Recommended,250700,17855217,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,✅C✅O✅O✅L✅D✅U✅D✅E,TIME TRAVEL.
,Recommended,250700,19241769,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,Action platformer with self-co-op time rewind powers.It's pretty rad. Check it out.
76561198029403467,Recommended,250700,25387161,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,has interesting idea and lovely pixel art. bying new PC was worth it.
,Recommended,250700,34671891,Posted: 1 September,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Sidescroll ShooterTLDR: Xbox360 pad detected and working correctly. Feels polished.Great example of the genre. Time travel mechanics well implemented and help cushion difficulty for all player types. You basically play with earlier playthrough shadowclones until you beat the level. Works nice. Tight controls, pixelgraphics hold together well with the audio and campaign is on the entertaining side of things."
76561197998832019,Not Recommended,250700,13680700,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zorg,this game would be a lot more fun if the desiner used the time travel mechanic to create interesting puzzels and action sequences instead of using it as a liscence to make the game rediculously hard. I don't know how many times I have died immediately after respawning for the 10th time. it becomes a real mess with everything on screen and its kind of rediculous and un fun during those parts.
,Not Recommended,250700,18284877,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[SR] Slamadanga,"This game is RUINED by how difficult it is.INFURIATING keyboard contols, its meant to be played on a gamepad.the Characters are all awesome except Aimy, Couldnt unlock them all because of how hard this game is.I was really hoping that I could play the whole game but with how this game drops you into situations on where you cant see where you are jumping, falling sections where you are dropped into a dozen or so robots only so you HAVE to use the rewind feature. knock back features on characters when its completely uneeded. this game WANTS you to die. short timers only for you to try and race through the game and not enjoy it for what it really has....I REALLY wanted to enjoy this game...Hopefully when theres a second one they learn from the mistakes that is STFU.oh the Soundtrack is GREATTT! SO GOOD!"
,Not Recommended,250700,33715416,Posted: 22 July,all,Wonder Warthog,"Shooting with the mouse, but aiming with the left hand… Why wouldn't you let the player aim with the mouse? I find the controls to be horrible…"
76561198037348917,Not Recommended,250700,15706475,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,reed,The action-platformer parts are basically undermined and made irritating by the rewind mechanic. Beautiful graphics and a wonderful soundtrack.
76561198016397464,Recommended,250700,11895324,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,BigShaman,Boss-fight with a giant turdman and time manipulation.
,Recommended,250700,11961305,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Twisted Tak,Dis gme rly gud
76561198067845212,Recommended,250700,12228932,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,High Fructose,Big Bangy shooty-shoot
,Recommended,250700,13047286,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MysticalBannana,AWEsome
76561198011271755,Recommended,250700,13884831,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,~-(QWiF)-~BackStabber AssGrabber,I haven't written a review in a while and i thought it was about TIME for a new one. This game is funny and fun... which is about all i could ever really ask for in a game.  The characters are varied and numerous with special surprises hidden in the mix for any Valve fan. The gameplay is ingenuitive in its simplicity yet complex enough to keep the player's attention the whole way through.  The writting is absolutley hilarious  and at the end i was begging for more.When you purchase this title... get ready for a good... TIME!
76561197987582315,Recommended,250700,11927219,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,RENATO ARAGORN,"So worth it... Much hype... Wow... [Just be careful not to devour this game and finish it 100% in a couple of plays, other than this, greatest plataform+shooter+puzzle+rad of all times]"
,Recommended,250700,14131918,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,管野直枝,"The nice variety of characters, fast-paced gameplay, and good sense of offbeat humor make for a highly entertaining game.  I wish I could properly judge how well this game combines time travel and sentient feces, but as far as I know this is the only time anyone has ever done that, so I have nothing to compare that aspect to."
,Recommended,250700,13843922,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mattypants33,This game is amazing i totally reccomend it and its addicting.
,Recommended,250700,13861366,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Chainsaw Dave,"The gameplay is essentially you creating your own bullet hell, and its satisfying, every, single, TIME."
76561197971365728,Recommended,250700,13846141,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Chumpion,Most fun I've had with a platformer in a while.
76561198046911536,Recommended,250700,15033024,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,General Nuclear,+ fun everything+ many characters with unique skills+ EXPLOSIONS!!!- short story- disappointing endingMAKE A SECOND ONE!
76561197994584089,Recommended,250700,24725131,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,mulatdood,"Frantic fun crazy time travel, great new game plus mode."
76561198180033302,Recommended,250700,25381211,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Baron Von Bonbon XVIIII,I cant open up the game ...          but of the 35 minutes i played it before this i thought it was awesome so GG i guess?
,Recommended,250700,25500423,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,dyslexnick,Best game ever
,Recommended,250700,16901401,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,ＹＵＮＧＦＩＦＥ,rip mad max
,Recommended,250700,32161801,Posted: 3 June,all,[1n0] FinnSanity,"10/10: STFU is a really fun romp through time with a bunch of pun-themed characters wielding awesome weapons! Blast everything, collect glorbs, and save the world with time to spare.With characters like Aimee McKillen and Dolphin Lundgren, I had to give it a shot. Finding out that Zoey from Left 4 Dead was just icing on the cake. The story is silly in a good way, and plenty of characters can find additional usage from their weapons like Jef Leppard's ""rocket jump."" All in all, I had a really good time playing it, even going as far as to complete the Helladeck challenges just to extend the time I had left."
76561198283246805,Recommended,250700,31469200,Posted: 30 April,all,Dabs Magee,"It's funny, exciting and has really unique gameplay mechanics. It's like a puzzle game by Michael Bay."
,Not Recommended,250700,16179775,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Anterk,"I like 2D side-scrolling action platformers, like Metal Slug. I HATE timelimits, but I thought STFU's rewind feature would make everything okay. It didn't.STFU is a slog, an action puzzle meatgrinder that has given me nothing but pain. I don't like how the characters handle. The art style dosen't help with clarity, clarity being EXTREMELY IMPORTANT when they're a ton of projectiles flying everywhere. The ""humor"" quickly began to grate on me as I was forced to experience it over an over. The characters are uninteresting. Worst of all, the timelimit hanging over your head is the worst I've ever had to put up with, forcing constant and percise levels of execution in order to finish levels on time.STFU is hell. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,250700,11939617,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,HourLaterJuke,"Super Time Force is probably the dumbest smart shooter I've ever played. The face it wears is the goofy nostalgist that can't be serious for even a moment, sure. But Capy's implentation of time travel and control is inspired enough to shine new light on even its most tired-but-excellently-executed inspirations."
76561198001763331,Recommended,250700,23533465,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,AfroComrade,This game's plot is like a candle in the wind.Unreliable.
76561198012963741,Recommended,250700,13657192,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,wenslydail,two words: TIME SHENANIGANS!!!
76561198013993915,Recommended,250700,13057411,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,H D 0,Good death!✮ ✮ ✮ ✮ ☆
,Recommended,250700,31779219,Posted: 15 May,all,BaVaR Lall,"Action packed, and quite literally an adventure in a minute."
,Not Recommended,250700,13842467,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Gekko,"I couldn't get through the tutorial because the controls they tell you are all for a controller, which I don't have, and I don't want to use. And these aren't the simplest controls for a game. My fault for not knowing it was another sidescroller designed primarily for controllers, but it seems like should assume that's the norm these days. Maybe I should relent and learn controllers, but I really just prefer keyboard. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,250700,12923867,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,mac,like Braid with gunsand better writing
,Recommended,250700,18618976,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Estronimo,I had a pretty good TIME playing this game
76561198004179505,Not Recommended,250700,24208096,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SmallPig,"always crash at fighting last boss, please fix this"
,Not Recommended,250700,13579284,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,RikD,Wanted to like it... but just too frustrating for me. :(The main mechanic of the game i found confusing and just got in the way of me wanting to play a decent platformer. Same with the forced time limits. It's just a mess of colour and frustrating game play mechanics which i found no fun to play.I thought Bro Force was far superior and i regret buying this game.
,Recommended,250700,29337257,Posted: 18 January,all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),"Well, its abouttimeto write a review of this game.Hmmm, lets see...It was tons of funtime.Getting 100% takes a lot oftime.10/timeWouldtime-out again!"
,Not Recommended,250700,17715419,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Jank Memes,"this game is only okay, nothing too great. There are already many similar games on the market. The hook in this game it that you can go back in time, but it really doesnt add much."
,Recommended,250700,13342465,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,crowbar,"On my first playthrough of STFU (Super Time Force Ultra) I thought it was a pretty ok game, not brilliant though. The problem I had was that it wasnt that challenging, because you could just spam millions of copys of yourself and bomb yourself through the level without really thinking about what to do.However this changes after you beat the game and unlock ""SUPER HARDCORE MODE"" where characters stay dead for the rest of the level when they died. This makes you think much more about your decisions and puts the challenge into game it needed.I would describe STFU more as a puzzle game and not as a shooter. This is especially true in the ""Helladeck""-Levels which are small levels where you have to find the solution to a problem with low time and low amount of flashbacks. These levels are actually fun to play and give you more to do. The game itself you can beat in 2 hours, but as I said the Super Hardcore Mode is where the real game begins so you can add 2-4 hours to that and another 2-4 hours for the Helladeck levels.The game tries to be funny, but for me it fails most of the time but thats just me I think."
76561198086812753,Recommended,250700,12749684,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,scovelme,Two words: Freaking. Awesome.9.9/10
,Not Recommended,250700,13710293,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,gamerdreamerman,"If the default resolution is wrong for you, find the config.txt file on the 250700 local directory inside userdata and edit it to screen_mode 0"
,Not Recommended,250700,18078536,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Quinine!,why
,Recommended,250700,16378331,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Casual,Well made game. Solid indie title. I like it.
,Recommended,250700,28816455,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dankob,dope
,Not Recommended,250700,12040389,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,iamagiantcat,i really really want to like this game... i do but it just dosn't control in a fun way. it has contra style aiming but it just leads to walking in to♥♥♥♥♥♥when you try to aim diagonally (my fix would be right analog to aim LT to jump and RT to fire B stays the same). so if you can deal with the dumb aiming then have a jolly time but for me it handles like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198000318945,Not Recommended,250700,13651477,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Trrcn,"Played a little bit, don't like it.Instead of giving you a true shooter you have to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with the time gimmick which is pretty lame.   That's not my biggest gripe though.  The game has the SUPER GENERIC pixelart style to it, it has SUPER GENERIC NESesque chiptunes (i.e. not the good chiptunes), and uses SUPER GENERIC internet 1337 dialogue.  I'm not a hipster and not some atari genertion posier so this all rubs me the wrong way.  Seeing as a play games for gameplay, art direction, and music I just can't like it because it's unagreeable in those three directions."
76561198012422490,Not Recommended,250700,11880192,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ChicoXavier,"Too repetitive.And this is not a joke.If it was, it would be better than any joke in the game, by the way."
,Not Recommended,250700,12227250,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,frogger_warrior_12,"I hate this game.You need a gamepad, never said that.The whole tutorial had the gamepad buttons shown, and I was lost trying to figure a little thing what to do.The whole mechanic is repetitive.I wanted to like this game, but it is not right for me.Don't get me wrong, this game MIGHT be right for you."
,Not Recommended,250700,11868527,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Iron≈,It feels like one of those games where the dude let his tumblr gf write all the jokes.
,Recommended,250700,20778560,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ＧＲＡＭ,"Such a fast paced game, you have to keep moving if you want to make it through in time. Also, be careful. I love everything about this game so far other than the frustration of some levels still being a beginner."
,Recommended,250700,17239291,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,burt burgle,Meh.
76561198024411476,Recommended,250700,17094471,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Idaguy,"""I love you, me.""""I love me too, you.""♥♥♥♥ing awesome game, highly recommended :]"
,Recommended,250700,17084261,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Swift Malachi,"Starting off slowly, STFU (Super Time Force Ultra) ramps up into a fast-paced 2d action game where death only makes the game more awesome.A boss fight shifts from insurmountable to resembling that end-of-level screen from super meat boy.Some might consider some of the humor to be dated, or a bit ""immature,"" but anyone who isn't afraid of the occaisional reference should find a great time here."
76561198055484976,Recommended,250700,17196225,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ConDog,STF is a super fun game. with a cool game play style. it has a simple but butifull art stile and I think it was worth my money
,Recommended,250700,17220775,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,b o i,It's about TIME for you to get this game.
76561198009688735,Recommended,250700,17054468,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,azarash,"excelent flow, and a range of challenges and interesting characters, the levels are a blast, and the animations and action are tons of fun"
76561198021614360,Recommended,250700,17502161,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ewr.2703,"Got it on the cheap, good fun, bit frustrating at times but overall decent game."
,Recommended,250700,17376024,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Tetsumeanoichiban,"=AMAZING PLATFORMER WITH TIME TRAVEL AND HUMOUR BUY IT BUY IT NOW ITS SUPERULTRARAD!+A full dose of punicillin.+Not afraid to make everything as awesome and radical as possible.+Fun play mechanics.+Characters are unique and each amazing, each with more abilities to master than you might expect for a 3 button game.+Great right up to the end with cool rewards for being a completionist/perfectionist.+""The Helledeck"" offers both a chance to learn to exploit each characters less obvious abilites and a slight puzzle aspect.+Quite entertaining to watch up to 36 copies of yourself running around blowing things up.-There isn't a sequel yet.=Worth $19.99.  I hope that the devs make lots of money and more games!  Plenty of untapped memes for a sequil!  And everyone is doing level and character editors these days... just saying.  Also it could be made more insane by adding a 2 player option!"
76561198038485043,Recommended,250700,18008257,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,jottin,STFU is great.
,Recommended,250700,17594207,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,dsmall,Not bad.
76561197972518312,Recommended,250700,17917182,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Sergius,"A really interesting game this, the time mechanics make a whole new twist on a the run n' gun genre.Well worth playing,"
76561198081999903,Recommended,250700,17898800,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Coec15324,"Clever writing, clever gameplay, cool references, and charming graphics. Fantastic expeirience with more for me to do as I joyfully 100% the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,250700,17803482,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DangoB,What a story made and remade. The creators of this game are crazy. And I would totally hope for a sequel of this amazing concept. The game can be hard but the only bad point for me is than you can't cancel your right click which I did in most of my stressed moment and regreted.
,Recommended,250700,17640133,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,PunisheR2404,"This game is good fun. Time bending fun. Funny story and writing, fun game mechanics. Difficult! In a fun way, mind you! If you don't have this game or haven't heard of it, hear of it now and buy this. It takes skill and perseverance to get good at it as with most good games. I haven't beaten this yet, not even close really, but I have already replayed the levels I have beaten; in an effort to perfect it and get a higher score and at the same time getting better at the technical aspects of the game mechanics. So yeah, buy it, play it, HAVE FUN."
,Recommended,250700,17789084,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Nisroc,"This game was a little frustrating at first, but not after too long, once I learned the mechanics, it was a blast. I thought the gameplay, the humour, and the length of the game was absolutely perfect, and a real treat to play. I truly want more games like this. Very well done game, visually stunning."
,Recommended,250700,17547183,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Ulaxes,"A fantastic, super lovely Run'n'Gun game with a huge twist.If you love Contra, Metal Slug or Broforce, chances are you adore this one, too. Graphics, music, gameplay (and even the story) are all top notch. The rewind and revive mechanic, which sets it aparts from all other R'n'G-games, is absolutly awesome. It's like playing Coop with your self, just ... eh ... not the way you think. Having 30 characters on the screen blasting and devasting at the same time is so satisfying. The rescue mechanic pushes you to improve your time all the time.STFU has all the perks to achieve the status of an **all time classic**.My only criticism is it's length. 4 hours of gameplay is rather short. Still, I loved every moment and it's well worth the money."
,Recommended,250700,16390128,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,V's,"Only played a half hour and still fell in love with it immediately. Ridiculous story, funny writing, great art and super unique mechanics already made it one of my favourite recent games."
76561198042629580,Recommended,250700,16464223,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Agro,A solid game and fun experience throughout. Would recommend trying hardcore mode as well.
,Recommended,250700,16158156,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CommanderSaber,"This is officially the only game that gets me rage quitting. If you like rage quitting, I suggest you get this game.Duhp."
76561197995452084,Recommended,250700,16344562,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Burl of Sandwich,"It's a puzzle game at heart, but it's an action game... but it's a puzzle game...?  It's time...-tastic!  Don't waste any more ... time.  The super ... time... force needs to save the world before they run out of … time.Seriously, this is a fun romp of a game.  I've very good at dying in this game, it's not a walk in a park.  The writing is painful at time as it is full of time jokes, and corny lines.  Some of which don't even qualify as jokes they are so bad, but I count this as a positive thing as it gives the game a lot of character.There are numerous characters to unlock, and they are as funny and bizarre are the rest of the game.I beat the game in under 10 hours with >50% of the achievements and >75% of the collectables.  This was a perfect game to sit down to for a half hour at a time and play in small portions."
,Recommended,250700,16539159,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Master Udon,I ate a robot as a dinosuari punched a horse a saxton halei used an smg as a dolphin10/10 flawless
,Recommended,250700,15727210,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Blackyle,"When travelling through time and space, one would usually be extra careful not to completely destroy the space/time continuum....Not the Super Time Force Ultra crew. These insane individuals laugh in the face of mortality. By blending the mechanics of both platformers and side-scrolling shooters, STFU has managed to create something startlingly unique. One of the few games that gives you the perfect chance to go back and fix your mistakes in order to move forward.In fact, this game wants you to make as many mistakes as possible. This opens up the gameplay to allow you to head back in time to save yourself and gain that character as a power-up, all while still racing the clock to reach the finish line. Didn't make that jump and got hit by a laser blast, go back and set up your defensive character to keep them safe, or use a melee character to reflect the shots back at the perpetrator. The options are limitless. And with a huge cast of characters, with wide-ranging skills and abilities, there is almost always a way to fix your problem.While traveling through space and time there is always a little chance for a break from saving the world from all your own mayhem. The simple yet enjoyable storyline will keep you laughing the whole way through, all the while cursing at yourself for making silly mistakes that you then get to fix. The story levels will definitely have you working hard to figure out the secret to your own best run. While difficult, the story missions are in no way close to Super Meat Boy levels of pain and suffering. But don't let that deter you, if you want harder, then you need only step over to the Helladeck simulations. These will boost your skills at handling time while solving action oriented puzzles in limited time.By combining loveable quirky characters with interesting skills and movement, this game has managed to break up the monotony of platformers and side-scrolling shooters, by rolling them into one cohesive stylized game with the foundation being....you will mess up and will have to go back in time to save yourself. Good luck, and may time always be on your side."
76561198011577477,Recommended,250700,15389045,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,kingnatis,Really fun game.
,Recommended,250700,15414328,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,FESTY_666,Super addictive fun and challenging arcade side scrolling shooter. Fkn buy it m8.
,Recommended,250700,16051479,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,NullifidianNick,"Super Time Force Ultra is non-stop fun. I can't stress enough how smart this game's design is. It uses the common time travel trope and packages it with an amazingly chaotic action/puzzle element.You will start each level with one character, traversing the level as usual, but when you die, you get to choose where in your previous life you want to divert the time-line with a new character. Your previous selves keep playing as you did and if you save them from dying, you can converge your time-line with theirs to gain their special attack. It sounds complicated, and on some level it is, but the flow is super satisfying. It takes some thought and strategy to get through the levels and perfecting a level can take some real dedication.The dialogue is super corny, but it's legitimately the funniest game I've played in years. The scenarios are absolutely over the top and childish in the best possible way."
76561197984992587,Recommended,250700,16252904,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Doctor H Boogie,A good game.
76561198081014928,Recommended,250700,16513598,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Abyss<3,AWESOME GAME 11/10
,Recommended,250700,16504131,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,100% Troglodyte Meat,"Heres the thing about Super Time Force Ultra, mechanically this is the most innovative games. With the gameplay being a mix of Briad and Contra. A time manipulating, 2-D platforming shooter, STFU makes it so when ever a charecter dies you can rewind and try to save that character. Characters can be saved in three different ways:1) blocking the bullets with the shield charecter2) kill the enemies before the enemy can give the killing hit3) Become a diversion and shift the focus for the enemies so teammates wont get hitThis makes death apart of strategy, if you find yourself with not enough fire power then you'll might consider killing a character and then saving them so you can conquer the chalenge."
,Recommended,250700,12124105,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,SirBittle,"This game packs a retro-look with unique and innovative gameplay mechanics that put you up against challenges quite unlike any other game. Its frantic ""single-player cooperative"" nature allows you to pause and rewind at any time, choosing the same or a new character (each with their own unique style) and having them fight on simultaneous to your previous ""recorded"" actions. Lose one of your characters in battle? Come back with her time-travelling clone and destroy the bad guy before the final blow was struck - thus saving them, and earning you an extra hit point. Beating the game once unlocks a ""SUPER HARDCORE"" mode, which presents a new, greater challenge where each character has a single life, so saving them this time becomes extra important.There is also plenty of collectables, some harder (or nearly impossible!) to get that present themselves as useful in-game objects. This means, no going out of your way to collect something useless just for the achievement. The exception are (no spoilers!) objects unlocked later on that serve as a time attack, tasking you to collect them in a certain amount of time before they disappear. This adds on an extra layer to each level as you try to find ways to speedrun them!I was actually disappointed there wasn't an achievement for doing this on every level. Otherwise, I did get 100% achievements on this game - something I almost never do. All of the achievements felt accessible yet challenging, unlike some games that present you with nigh impossible goals just for a few internet points.The story is fun, but predictable, but it's not supposed to be anything deep or dramatic. It drives the humor home and keeps you wanting to see what crazy adventure the Super Time Force will go on next. Maybe, mostly, it's just about what you get to blow up next and potentially ruin the entire space-time continuum...Note that this version is superior to the less than ""Ultra"" versions available on consoles. It includes bonus ""challenge levels"" and a few Valve characters, such as the TF2 Pyro.It's not perfect, but it's damn near close. I highly recommend this game. Now STFU!"
,Recommended,250700,12111746,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,robbe,"Super Time Force is an insanely stupid, massively awesome game! If you like jokes, pixels and timetravel stories this is exactly what you need.Wonderfull character design and animation, great effects. Lots of unlockable characters gives you a more varied gameplay as you progress through the game.The timeout controls seem a bit awkward at first, but once you get the hang of it nothing can stop you.I have not yet completed the helladeck simulations, but it seems an interesting way to solve puzzles with timeouts."
,Recommended,250700,12135173,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Aster,"STFU is a fun action platformer with a different take on the time rewinding mechanic. If you die and rewind time, your past self is still there shooting along next to you. Instead of using it to rewind and fix a mistake (ala Prince of Persia), rewind and shoot twice as many bullets! Half the fun of STFU is having 20 copies of yourself running along with you firing wildly. There's still interesting time tactics you can use, like spending one life to clear out baddies so your future self can run through faster. And there's a whole section of Portal-esque puzzles in the ""Helladeck"". Top that off with some excellent pixel graphics, humorous writing, and a variety of different characters to play."
,Recommended,250700,12206128,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Erfly,"Very good, you should play it."
76561198019906160,Recommended,250700,12122013,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,NetMoverSitan,"Gameplay that's a blend of Contra and Braid, which gives you the ability to # TURN BACK TIME! # and fight alongside yourself (sometimes preventing deaths that happened the previous times) it has enough to challenge the hardcore gamer and has simple enough controls for the casual gamer and with a variety of characters, each with different capabilities (some of which need to be unlocked through specific criteria) it allows you to come up with your own way of clearing the levels. The story doesn't take itself seriously and it has some outside references. (in one section of the game, there's an obvious movie reference)WARNING: The Konami Code is most likely copyrighted, so don't expect that to work in this game, even though it has elements of Contra."
,Recommended,250700,12078349,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,braid with guns
,Recommended,250700,12020562,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Buemba,"If you threw Contra, Cursor*10 and ritalin in a blender you'd end up with Super Time Force Ultra.The characters are all unique and useful, the levels are varied, the bosses are great and even the stupid humor won me over in the end, but more importantly playing a 30 player co-op arcade game by yourself works much better than it should. Once the rewind system clicks the game becomes surprisingly strategic (Specially in the awesome Helladeck challenges) and it wasn't long before I was controlling a full platoon of soldiers, wizards, knights, savages, dinosaurs and more one unit at a time with the greatest of ease."
76561198062775436,Recommended,250700,12008813,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Viv Dig,Like Portal but with time travel and♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of characters! 10/10
,Recommended,250700,16752895,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dr Zicter,"A very underappreciated time-♥♥♥♥ery game, and it NEVER takes itself seriously."
,Recommended,250700,16661240,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Official Paper Plane Airforce,"Style over substance. Really fun looking game, with a great looking time-travel mechanic that feels underdeveloped. Level design and gameplay also feel really easy and nothing really stands out much. Maybe I just haven't delved deep enough? Still enjoyed it."
,Recommended,250700,14973168,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Paps(),"Hilarious, fast paced, action packed and unique 2d time travel platformer. It does have a few annoyances such as repeatedly dieing over and over in one place but theres enough good stuff here for anyone from the 2d platformer era to enjoy. Especially Repeatski!"
,Recommended,250700,11982144,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,タップ「DREAM POLICE」,"Co-op with yourself is as cool as it sounds. I also love the high level stuff, like the Looker speedruns and hardcore mode, that makes the game challenging yet engaging and, therefore, satisfying.However, the biggest problem is the slow down powerup, which while fun to use, usually throws out the co-op stuff all together, or at least makes it really challenging. You either run by everything or have to properly use the slow down powerup at the right time, so your actions still matter to your speed running selves, but you have to give enough time so that your new selves can nab the slow down powerup before you. It becomes a sloppy mess, sometimes, because of this."
,Recommended,250700,12029895,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Unreal Ed,"So much fun. This game is definitely worth your time, even if it's just for the writing. But the beauty of this game really is too maximize the time powers. Tons of fun, really unique, interesting, crazy, and fun!"
,Recommended,250700,11948455,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,CapnStache,"Super Time Force is unique. It really is a single player co-op game. If you're looking for a shooter in the vein of Contra with some light timing/positioning puzzles give it a shot! The style of humor could put some people off with lolz cat video pewpewpew jokes all over the place, but for some reason I think it fits this game a lot better than something like Borderlands.tldr; I farted on a guy, and then shot the fart causing it to explode. 10/10"
,Recommended,250700,11957485,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Launchpad McRoss,STFU is an excellent action-platformer with a really interesting and incredibly well executed time mechanic. It made death feel inevitable but without consequence allowing you to take more risks and be very creative with the game. Every character felt unique and seemed to bring their own pros and cons to the table. My only complaint is that until the final level I was able to just use two characters to get through the whole game. I’ll admit I didn’t collect everything but I would have liked each and every character to be a lot more necessary and not just a luxury.
,Recommended,250700,11958117,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,SumDumFen,"Definitely worth the full price. I've already beaten it, but there's so much more to do. Fast paced and thrilling all the time."
,Recommended,250700,11965100,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Circlejerking Diva,"Super Time Force Ultra or STUF, is a game about Time travel, the game is really hard, i mean the game is up there with Super meat boy and VVVVVV. Not only that, the game is drop down gourgeous, the pixel design, is so muh better then most indie titles. the Sound Track, my god the Sound Track, it's worth buying the Sound Track.This game is 9/10 for me, a must buy for people who loves Hard plattformers"
,Recommended,250700,11881117,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,KashiKakes,"this game has some incredibly solid gameplay with tons of unlockables, tons of playable characters, and is just an endless amount of fun that I can't reccomend enough.that being said the writing is some of the most god awful stuff I have ever read in my life, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,250700,11992788,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Scooter,"Super Time Force Ultrais a clever side-scrolling, platforming shooter with a unique time-travel mechanic. The level may only give you 60 seconds, but you're free to replay and layer your runs, saving soldiers who would've died, and making sure that one of you gets to the end in time. Each time you die, you rewind the clock as much as you want, toss another copy of yourself in the game and try to save your once-lost life. It's kind of aco-op game for one. Think Contra plus time-travel. It's got some good writing, and gorgeous animation, too.Play it with a controller if you've got one."
,Recommended,250700,17670491,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Garlikk,I played until I broke time by unlocking a dolphin.10/10proof -->http://i.imgur.com/1Ya2gmJ.jpg?1
,Recommended,250700,33420870,Posted: 9 July,all,General Pancetta,"HOLY CHEESE PARROT IN A HAMMOCK!This game is super fun! The dialogue is amusing, and the gameplay is enjoyable! The only annoying part is the enemies and how they manage to get you even though you have shield or just jumped and miraculously got killed for no logical reason. But that's fine, so get this game and have the greatest TIME ever!"
,Recommended,250700,33390209,Posted: 8 July,all,Squire of Ramsalottington,it's about time
76561197983897609,Recommended,250700,35186856,Posted: 24 September,all,Gravity,"Super fun platformer with lots of light positional puzzles worked in through the time rewinding mechanic. Come in prepared for speed and death though as you die in one shot of anything and there is a time limit for every mission, as well as bonus collectables.Good lord the time puns..."
76561198393603555,Recommended,250700,35434227,Posted: 2 October,all,nosoyunpishibot,masterpeece
