user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,250760,11176484,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sog,"I cannot recommend Shovel Knightenoughbecause it failsat being badso hard. You might as well grab 15€ from your wallet and burn itif you are a fool. You will get no joy from thisif you don't have what it takes, you littlepiece of garbage. I don't want to go anywhere near this gameif I don't have enough time to sit back and properly enjoy itagain. I assure you that you will feel the same. The 8-bit music will drive you insanewith nostalgia, the controls are disgustingly good, especially if you have a decent controller, the art looks like it was made by an 8-year-oldprodigy genius blessed by angels. All in all, I rate this game 1if we're using a simplistic binary rating system where 1 means 'recommend', and 0 means 'do not recommend'. Buy Shovel Knight if you are a suckerfor games that are good."
,Recommended,250760,12678046,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,AeroDarryl,Did you have a good childhood as a gamer?Buy this game immediately.Did you have a s***ty childhood as a gamer?Buy this game to make up for lost time.Are you still a child yourself?Beg your elders to buy this game for you.
,Recommended,250760,30717639,Posted: 24 March,all,Adlumia,> Buy game for ~$25> Get 1 free dlc and 2 more coming soon> Game and dlc are better than most $40+ games10/10 IT'S A MASTAPIECE
76561197998819977,Recommended,250760,32011108,Posted: 27 May,all,•ᓚ•,"By some blasphemous coincidence, Kickstarter hosts a great game by a competent team that follows up on promises made by their stretch goals."
,Recommended,250760,18221830,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Tom,"Shovel Knight is a 2D side scroller platforming game - it was developed and published by indie games developer Yacht Club Games in June 2014. The game was initially released on PC, 3DS and WiiU and then later ported to PS3, PS4, Xbox One and the Vita in early 2015 - it has also made it's way onto the Amazon Fire TV platform too.GameplayYou play the role of an anonymous character, as you collect treasure in this 2D world. Your characters main attack is, you guessed it, his shovel which has various uses throughout the game, the main one is being used to hit enemies around the head with. You can also use the shovel to dig up treasures hidden in dirt found around each level.  The shovel also comes into the platforming side quite a bit too, you can use it to jump on top of other enemies to bounce up to higher points in order to reach harder to reach areas for extra treasure.  I especially liked the way the game handles death, each time you die, you will drop three sacks of treasure, which deduct off you total - when retrying the level, the three sacks remain where you died allowing you to pick them up again, this of course leads to some interesting gameplay elements when you die in a pit of emptiness or other areas where it is impossible to get to without dying again.Throughout the game you also encounter various traders which will let you spend your hard earned treasure to upgrade your character with other secondary abilities, whilst these are not always needed in order to progress in the game, they certainly make it a lot easier - the upgrades can consist of health upgrades or extra items.Each level also has an end boss to it; plotting you against some classic NES boss fights, requiring a degree of platforming and classic hack and slash moments. The boss fights are well really done and each has their own unique battle style.GraphicsThe graphics in Shovel Knight are some of the best 8 bit style graphics I have seen. We are seeing this graphic style becoming ever popular on Steam, and it's nice to see a game put so much extra care into producing a well made looking product. Each of the levels are colorful and full of vibrant colours, the animation on all of the monsters and NPCs are really nicely put together as well. This game really will give you a nostalgia hit if you are an older gamer.Audio/SoundtrackThe audio and soundtrack in Shovel Knight is just amazing - so much so that it was released for individual purchase on release of the game. The soundtrack was worked on the gentlemen who also worked on the Mega Man theme tune too. This is another aspect of the game that will really give you flash backs to your childhood if you played on the NES/SNES.DifficultyI found this game to be particularly difficult - again this is down to the platforming side of it because I am god awful at the genre, but the boss scenes are also sufficiently challenging as well. You have to work out the bosses attack patterns in order for you to take as little damage as possible because sometimes, some of their attacks are unavoidable so damage is inevitable. The platforming side has some hard moments in too, whether it be the levels where you have to navigate across floating platforms in complete darkness with only a few glimpses of light from lightning storms to see where you are going. The difficulty is nicely paced and doesn't ramp up too quickly, allowing you to get to grips with the gameplay before throwing you in against the really difficult stuff.Level DesignEach of the levels in Shovel Knight are really well set out. Each level has its own theme and its own style of enemy to fight against. Throughout each level there are plenty of opportunities to show off your platforming skills for reaching difficult to reach ledges and navigating moving platforms over pits of darkness just to get that one health upgrade! Along with the the abundance of treasure to find in each level either by just killing enemies, you will also find mounds of dirt on the ground and up walls which lets you put your shovel to work, these normally result in thousands of treasure coming out so keep and eye out for them.  Along each level, you will come across a number of checkpoints, these checkpoints can either be used as just that, or you can destroy them, rewarding you with even more treasure, but renders the checkpoint useless, so this should only be used when you don't mind having an awful lot of backtracking to do if you die. I made the mistake of doing this twice on two checkpoints without knowing the consequences and I thoroughly regretted it when I realized what I had done, especially when it was the last two checkpoints before the boss.Game Length and Replay-abilityA full playthrough of Shovel Knight took me just around ten hours to complete - I thought it was a very good length game for it's price, and upon completion the game, you also unlock the ""New Game+"" mode which is something I really look for in any sort of game like this, so it was nice to see. I actually thought this would of been a nice game to incorporate local co-op in someway, but sadly there isn't any element of multiplayer. With the extra game mode, you could easily put about twenty hours into this game, something you don't very often see from Indie titles.Technical IssuesWith Shovel Knight being a 2D experience, the graphically options are very limited, however you can play the game at full resolutions all the way up to 4k, granted it doesn't make that much a difference on the appearance side of things, but it's nice to see it being supported. With full controller support, you should really be taking advantage of that, as with all platforming games - I tried playing with the keyboard and it was just a train wreck trying to get through the platforming...ConclusionTo sum up, Shovel Knight is a game that will be welcome in 99% of people's library, even if you didn't experience the games on the NES/SNES, you will still get a huge amount of enjoyment out of this game. The graphics are gorgeous, and soundtrack just rounds off this game to be an almost masterpiece. I can't think of anything negative to say about the game. For the price of £10,99, this is an absolute must buy for any gamer out there.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/250760"
76561198136014686,Recommended,250760,32843324,Posted: 26 June,all,Martles,"It's so good, I bought it again for 3DS so I could take it with me everywhere.10/10"
76561197970313982,Recommended,250760,30973200,Posted: 5 April,all,ADS,"Fantastic game.  Everyone should own this.Positives:Feels like an NES platformer, but with all the annoyances polished away.Just plain fun, looks cool, sounds awesome, and controls beautifully.Tons of content since the original release, including the recent Spectre Knight which is as good or better than the original game.Negatives:Every time I finish one of the new campaigns I want more."
76561198063710899,Recommended,250760,12369434,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zorark,I dig this game.
76561198081100964,Recommended,250760,18086251,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Khaqan386,(For Plague of Shadows)Dance lessons from Trouple King: 1500 gold coins.Shiny Golden Robes: 5000 gold coins.Too shy to dance in front of crush: Priceless10/10 for realism.
,Recommended,250760,10843070,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spirit,"""Shovel Knight."" I think it is safe to say this is one of the most hotly anticipated indie titles coming out this year... I'm trying to figure out how Yacht Club Games did it. Did they boil a vat of nostalgia stew using ""Dark Souls"" bones for flavoring; a stew Carl Weathers and Samwise Gamgee themselves would be proud of? No. Did they lock ""Dark Souls"" and ""DuckTales"" in a candlelit room with Barry White blasting? Maybe. However they have done it, they did it. The crazy ♥♥♥♥ers did it. They made a fun game, an homage to why we started gaming in the first place. This is not the greatest game in the world, no. It is simply a tribute. A great tribute nonetheless.It is a simple premise: Shovel Knight and his warrior BFF Shield Knight got their pixelated butts whooped.  Shield Knight is MIA and Shovel Knight took an early retirement. But now a new and evil force is out in numbers - the Enchantress and her Order of No Quarter. Shovel Knight heads out on one last quest, to restore goodness to the land.You travel from level to level, dispatching enemies and platforming very similarly to ""Ducktales,"" complete with treasure collecting and atypical weapon use. You have two attacks (along with some magics) to deal a variety of enemies, each with their own weaknesses and tactics. It is deceptively challenging. Not ""tear your hair out and sacrifice your firstborn"" challenging, but a fun challenge. There are secrets to find as well, so keep an eye out for things that look out of place.The levels are wonderful... each one is unique and beautiful to boot. I am getting tired of pixel games, honestly. All these RPG Maker games... hideous and same-y. But ""Shovel Knight"" is gorgeous. It reminds me why pixel-style art made a comeback in the first place. Everything flows and you'll find yourself taking dumb damage because you are busy staring at the background and stages.The gameplay,charming story, and excellent levels are great but the soundtrack, to me, is the star. I equate the ""Shovel Knight"" soundtrack to that of the ""Halo"" soundtrack. It is integral. It is inspired. It is catchy as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I would be remiss if I didn't mention the boss fights. Amazing. Think ""Dark Souls."" Every boss has his or her own special style, one that you have to master. Expect a challenge.This game is cute. It has heart. And it wears its influences on its sleeves, from the bonfire checkpoints to the treasure chest brimming with pixelated treasure. ""Shovel Knight"" is not a risky game; it is not doing anything new. It is doing something tried and true. But it does it honestly and with its own unique charm. ""Shovel Knight"" is a blast."
76561198113610453,Recommended,250760,32616909,Posted: 21 June,all,Boop Beep,"This game does so much right. The one thing I love the most about Shovel Knight is that no tutorial teaches you how to play, but the level design itself does, since it's done so well and pushes you to try out different mechanics.Also, the devs are still expanding this game with new content for free. For free! You're not paying anything at all and still get to play as Plague Knight and Specter Knight.How could I not recommend this game? GRAB IT."
,Recommended,250760,30109330,Posted: 22 February,all,Roel,"That moment when people actually know what ""retro inspired"" means! There is no reason not to try Shovel Knight, no matter if you like or dislike the old-school games. Quality is timeless.Shovel Knight is, to put it bluntly, simply excellent. It oozes with a deep understanding of what made the games of old so memorable, but it also understands why they were frustrating and what was wrong. Taking from the first pile on fixing the second one is what the devs did, and boy is it fun!The game is a classic platformer. ""Classic"" means that the levels are relatively short, but each and every single one is crafted of unique parts, introducing a gallery of stage-specific enemies, mechanics and hazards. No two screens are the same, and every segment you will find yourself shovelling through features a new trick or a more intense version of the one you already saw. The latter bit is very important: the devs don't just throw brand new stuff at the player mindlessly, they introduce mechanics in a sensibly ""easy"" (for a given stage) situation, then re-use the element in harder, more devious deathtraps. And then combine them, because if there is something that old-school games did well, it was appealing to our masochistic tendencies.Now, I might just be bad at games, but Shovel Knight is difficult. Difficult in all the right ways, mind you. The controls never betray you, they are consistent and snappy. There is more than enough customisation to make the game respond to your preferred way of controlling, so you will never fight the game. Kudos for featuring the control scheme doable on NES gamepads, but still allowing monkeys like me to bind Relics to a separate key.The difficulty comes from the need to figure out the proper approach and then execute it. Sometimes, the player will be expected to take advantage of some more nuanced mechanics, prominently down-slash cancelling through activation of a Relic. The tricks can be learned throughout the game and usually, you can make your way through things without them, albeit at a cost of your health or gold.Gold is what, in my view, fixes the frustration of the old games. There is no life counter of any sorts. You die, you drop gold that will hover in the air; if you can make it from the checkpoint to the place where you met your end, there is a chance to recover your hard-earned coin. If you find yourself dying again prior to that, however... well, the old bags will disappear for good and new ones will spawn. Quitting the stage will reset your possessions, so you can attempt the level as many times as you want, losing nothing. It is a fair system and I found myself learning the levels slowly over many, many tries.One word about the audio-visual side, as everybody probably saw it from trailers already but it needs to be said: phenomenal. The tunes are catchy, fit the environments and moods of every stage and fight. Accompanied by a very well done pixel art that clings to a style fitting the entirety of an adventure, it enhances an already great experience into something truly fantastic.Also, the makers are releasing free updates with new adventures featuring different characters. That's just a cherry on the very top."
,Recommended,250760,32032993,Posted: 28 May,all,Brollidinger,Yacht Club Games should receive a medal.
,Recommended,250760,29485314,Posted: 25 January,all,Pagemaster,"Steel Thy Shovel!NowTHISis a game!Shovel Knight came out of no where and has delivered on every aspect of what a game should be and how a developer should act.I can not put into words how great a game Shovel Knight is, but let's give it a try.I first bought Shovel Knight on the Wii U. Instantly falling in love, I decided to also buy this game on Steam. Although it looks way better on my 1440p IPS monitor, I gotta say, the Wii U Gamepad made it more fun to play on the Wii U. It's funny how Shovel Knight did the best job utilizing the gamepad. (Pikmin 3 was a close second.) If you've made it to Plague Knight, then you know all about having to switch your potions and spells around constantly in the menu. The Wii U makes that super simple with the touch pad.Anyways, back to the review..The graphics for this 16 bit game are absolutely gorgeous. Yacht Club really knows their color schemes. Every single level pops. Every single boss and NPC and character are memorable because of the way Yacht Club has designed the colors to coordinate with each other andreallyleave a lasting impression. That, coupled with the music, creeps deep into your childish nostalgia chambers, and pulls out all your feels time and time and time again.Yacht Club themselves seem like some really cool developers. They offer the game at a very reasonable price. They have given us a free expansion. Treasure Trove is soon to drop, which promises more content at a slight increase in price. However, by this point in time, I just want to throw money at them.The controls for this game are beyond what I expected for a 16 bit game. They're so tight and smooth at the same god damn time. It pulls you in. It makes youwantto pogo off an enemies head. It makes youwantto get to the next unique enemy. And then, they do it AGAIN with Plague Knight, who is a little tougher to play with, but still just as fun and engaging.Tl;drBelieve all the hype. This game is perfect. The music, perfect. The graphics, spot on. The gameplay, top notch.  The game is♥♥♥♥ingperfect."
76561198050698566,Recommended,250760,31563771,Posted: 5 May,all,ฝรั่งโจววว,"A good game with free content for almost 3 years.Buy the game and support them, awesome devs are so hard to find these days."
,Recommended,250760,19509549,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Celery,"At $14.99, I wasn't ready to purchase Shovel Knight.  After all, there are AAA titles from well known companies that go for less.  I've played through more NES classics than I can remember.  Bubble Bobble, Castlevania, Contra (sans the Konami Code, you scrubs :-P), Mega Man 1-6, Metal Storm, Super C, and The Legend of Zelda are a few that come to my mind while trying to make a quick list of some titles I've completed.  I wish I could tell you that I beat Battletoads, but I'd be lying.  The prospect of reliving the genre with a new game sounded too good to be true.  I've played newer ""retro"" games, but even when good, they are rarely able to resurrect the experience the older titles.When I heard about the release of Plague of Shadows, it wasn't enough for me to buy this game.  I thought, ""Playable boss character? So they probably replaced the main character's sprite and gave him a projectile.""  So I kept waiting to catch sale.  I finally purchased it at $10.04, and it still took me months to get around to playing the game.  After 30 seconds into the first stage I felt like an idiot for sleeping on this title for so long.  If Shovel Knight had existed during the NES era, it would be the type of cartridge people would be happy to pay $75.00+ for today.It manages to completely capture the essence of the genre without feeling derivative.  The developers have somehow managed to create a product that draws from the good parts of the 8-bit era while ditching unecessary artifacts.  The colors, sounds, and animations are candy to the eyes and ears.  I knew I was in for a treat mere moments after jumping into the first stage.  I was even more impressed upon making it to the first town and interacting with the people there.It took me roughly 9 hours to complete Shovel Knight's adventure for the first time, a feat which apparently can be accomplished in less than 45 minutes by highly skilled speed runners.  The game encourages you to play through again with New Game+ (higher difficulty) and as Plague Knight.  There is also a challenge mode and many Feats (achievements) for you to attempt.  I'm currently two stages into my Plague Knight file and don't think I could be more amazed by this game.  Rather than opting to lazily reskin Shovel Knight, Yacht Club Games gave Plague Knight his own storyline and unique playstyle.As if Shovel Knight didn't have enough replayability, the developers are planning to release additional playable boss characters.  It is difficult for me to imagine them topping the existing content, but I should probably have a little faith after already underestimating them so grossly.   Is this game worth $14.99?  Absolutely. Buy Shovel Knight now.  If you are a fan of platformers or seeking NES nostalgia, you will dig it."
76561198206075107,Recommended,250760,30951907,Posted: 4 April,all,Chess,Never underestimate how epic a garden tool can be.
76561197971951520,Recommended,250760,30989662,Posted: 6 April,all,vincenzos,This is the best megaman game ever made.
76561197965521837,Recommended,250760,32975121,Posted: 28 June,all,Mugsy,"This is one of the very, very. very, very, very, very, very, very, VERY many Kickstarters that actually delivered on it's promise from beginning to end.It's hard to put Shovel Knight into words if you grew up with 8-bit nintendo games.  When the resurgence of nostalgia games came about in the mid 2010s, a good chunk of them kept the stupid difficulty for the sake of nostalgia, and most people used it as selling point.I hate to crib from another source, but I think Redlettermedia's Previously Recorded game review of Shovel Knight really drove home the difference between a cash in of nostalgia and an inspirational homage of what people grew up playing. Shovel Knight delivers the latter in absolute spades, and no, I'm not making a god damn shovel pun out of that."
,Recommended,250760,13793166,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Gwyn,"Shovel Knight is one of those games that you instantly fall in love with. It borrows from all the best games (Zelda 2, Megaman, Mario 3, Ducktales and Castlevania) while retaining a style and humor all its own. It has incredible platforming, a lot of items, but the thing I loved the most was the design of each one of the characters fromThe Order of no Quarter. WOW! The environments and characters have so much detail and personality to them, it's surprising to see that level of detail in an NES 8-bit style game. Yacht Club did such an amazing job with this game. It gives the nostalgia off the NES and it does it by it's classic-style game play. If you like Mega-Man, Link's Adventure, and other 8-bit adventures, then this is for you."
,Recommended,250760,24248104,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ogresav,"If this came out at the same time as Megaman, we'd have had Shovel Knight X3 right now and Megaman would have been lost in time.This game does 90's better than the 90's."
,Recommended,250760,23591393,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Lurrrch,"Excellent platformer.Played it on an Xbox controller, and the controls were very responsiveNice pacing; difficulty gets satisfyingly highFree DLCSecrets, unlocks, and replayabilityVariety of enemies and bossesEnjoyable, classic story with a solid endingGet it!"
,Recommended,250760,11788039,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Halo 2,The perfect shovel to knight ratio
76561198055426607,Recommended,250760,31596474,Posted: 6 May,all,Flameofice,"Have you ever bought a game before, and then suddenly got a sequel for free, and then a prequel for free, and then get told that one more game is on the way? All because a bunch of people bet their wallets on the inherent goodness and competence of humanity, like, three or four years ago?That's not what happened here in technicality, but in functionality, that is 100% what happened.And yes, it was all good: three whole unique, polished, and memorable campaigns of NES-style platforming, all well-stocked with memorable characters, interesting and fun stages, bonus challenges and secrets, and an extensive, well-crafted OST.And no, it doesn't rely on le ebin nostalgia- this is probably the only good modern, Mega Man-styled game you'll play in a very long time. Even then, it resembles Mega Man only in structure- the items, combat and level design work entirely different, making Shovel Knight a thing of its own."
,Recommended,250760,16819553,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ryong,You might think this game can't stand on its own without nostalgia.You'd be wrong.This game plays incredibly well and it's kind of hard to realize it without actually playing it.
,Recommended,250760,14828956,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,br4t,"This game is a perfect tribute to the 8 bit glory and the best freakin platformer i've played in a while.Positives:+Simple and easy controls+Amazing 8 bit music+Perfect Retro gameplay and mechanics+Lots of Magic, armor, weapon and health upgrades+Gold farming mini game+Creative boss battles+Collectibles+NG+Negatives:-Boss battles and the game in general is too damn easy-Short :("
,Recommended,250760,23811752,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,rigidPillow,There's literally nothing bad about this.
,Recommended,250760,27877993,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lowen,"It really is as brilliant as everyone says.Yes, this is absolutely going for a classic 8bit art, music and gameplay style, but it's way better than just some nostalga gimmick.Basically, if you've ever enjoyed any kind platformer and haven't played Shovel Knight, play Shovel Knight.The only thing I don't like about it is the checkpoint and gold recovery system. I had to train myself to stop going after my dropped gold when it's in a tricky spot, otherwise I just keep dying and losing all my gold. That plus sparse checkpoints meant a lot of replaying the same section over and over.It's a lot less frustrating once you've gotten over the difficulty curve though, which took me about 6 hours and most of the game."
,Recommended,250760,12295348,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,tiddy,"It is the combination of Super Mario Bros 3, Mega Man, Castlevania, and a slice of Metroid with an amazing soundtrack and art to back that up.  Go buy this game as soon as you can, you will not regret it."
76561198040258452,Recommended,250760,28488087,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Colonel_S,"This is the second time I've purchased this game after beating it almost a dozen times on the Wii U version. It's the best Indie platformer ever made. It recognizes the roots of video gaming without repeating its mistakes. There are literally no negatives to this game. At all. The level design is great and the player always has interesting choices to make. It's all the good things about nostalgia without the annoying things.Just buy it.Plague Knight:Harder than the original, but well worth the entry learning curve. It probably gives the player the most freedom out of the ones currently out. It's a little slower and more thoughtful than Shovel Knight, but that really isn't a bad thing. My personal favorite out of the three.Specter Knight:Definitely the coolest out of the three of them, but also the easiest. The game is very, very straightforward and feels on rails most of the time. Not a lot of freedom in the levels to explore or go off the path. It's also the shortest game. It's worth a playthrough, but it lacks the depth and breadth I expected from the last two. The story is good as, if not better, than the first two campaigns."
,Recommended,250760,26508812,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,_BillCipher | ScrapTF,"In Short -Shovel Knight. A NES inspired 8BIT inspired asthetic platformer that I loved. It seems the reviews here are split down the middle. Some love it. Some hate it. And it is hard to tell which side to go with without experiencing the game yourself. But fear not, for I, _BillCipher, am here to review the game. So if you are on the fence whether to buy it or not, read on.More In Depth -Shovel Knight is, as previously mentioned, a retro inspired platformer. Taking inspiration from such classics as Castlevania, Megaman, Super Mario, Duck Tales and more. Despite this, however, the game brings on its own new ideas; no more jumping on or whipping enemies, instead it's time to shovel them! That's right, you play as a knight that uses a shovel instead of a sword. This shovel is not something to laugh at, however, because not only does it dig treasure, but it kills enemies pretty effectively. You start the game with just a shovel slash, however through the game you obtain further attacks through finding secrets and buying upgrades. For example, you can buy a charged slash. You can also find 'relics', extra weapons with various uses. The phase locket makes you invincible momentarily, the propellor dagger launches you forward, attacking any enemy in the way. These relics can be used to spice up gameplay, reaching secret areas never accessible before and killing enemies in sort of 'combos'. There is a limit to this, however. Every time you use a relic it uses some of your magic. How much magic it uses depends on what the relic does. When your magic depleats all the way to 0, you cannot use your relics any longer. But, occasionally an enemy will drop a bottle of magic, picking it up rewards you with extra magic so as to carry on using your relics. You can also upgrade your magic capacity with gold you collect throughout the stages, to be able to use your relics more. Speaking of secret areas, Shovel Knight is ripe with them. Every stage has many, many secrets, rewarding you with relics, gold or music sheets. Music sheets are one of my favourite additions to the game, it is a genius idea in my opinion. There are two songs you hear in each level; the boss theme and the level theme. If you find a music sheet in a level, you can trade it to the bard in the village. Not only will he give you 500 gold for it, but you can also talk to him and he'll play the music of any music sheet you have returned to him. This way you can listen to your favourite tracks at will. This is even more ingenious, due to the game'samazingsoundtrack. And when I say amazing, I mean amazing. The soundtrack is one of the best I've heard in a game, up there with Hotline Miami and Undertale.DLCBack when Shovel Knight was Kickstarted, Yacht Club Games promised not only the main story but branching stories with other playable characters. And only recently did we get one of them, Plague Knight. We have also been promised Spectre Knight for next year (which has now been released) and King Knight some time after. Plague Knight's gameplay is something I loathed at first. It seems confusing but once you get ued to it, is a really fun concept. Plague Knight does not use a shovel, funnily enough. Instead you are given bombs. Yep. Bombs. Along with bombs, if you hold the attack key you can do something called a 'bomb burst'. A bomb burst is there to replace some of the mobility lost when switching from a shovel to bombs. You launch into the air and then fall back down. However, you can customize this with buyable upgrades. One shoots a bullet every time you burst, another lets you float slowly to the ground instead of falling straight down. There are quite a few of these to buy, helping change the experience to whatever suits you. Not only this, however, but there are tons of customizations you can buy for your bombs. At first, you can throw three bombs at once, the fuse is medium length and it explodes on impact. However, you can buy changes these things. For example, you can buy an upgrade that makes the fuse longer, letting the bomb bounce all the way across the floor to a far away enemy. Another upgrade makes the bomb arch up and then explode. These are changeable during the level at will, but you can only buy new upgrades between levels. This just increases the comfortablity of Plague Knight. It lets you choose what style you'll go with. My problem with Plague Knight lies there, however. It is intimidating to new players. When I first started playing Plague's campaign, I saw the customization menu and was immedietly confused. What are those tonics? What does that powder mean? What is arcana and why don't I have anything for it? While I eventually learned through playing, it didn't make me want to play. I played the first level and then went back to Shovel Knight for a little while. It is a very fun system, with awesome mechanics, but it just isn't easy to pick up.AchievementsOh boy, Shovel Knight's achievements. It was simultaniously fun and painful completing Shovel Knight's achievements. But I obtained 100% of them. (I don't have 193 hours for nothing. But I've played way more offline. My time in this game is probably around 300 hours.) Shovel Knight includes achievements for both the main game and Plague Knight's campaign. Some are fairly straight forward, for example there is an achievement for finishing the game. But then.... Some of the achievements are near impossible. Some of the hardest to do -Complete the game without dying.Complete the game without falling into a bottomless pit.Destroy every checkpoint.Complete the game in under 1 hour and 30 minutes.Complete the game without spending any moneyAnd that is only a few. There are 65 achievements in Shovel Knight as I write this, and I don't doubt there'll be more for the new campaigns. Shovel Knight's achievements are perfect for an achievement hunter.PROs and CONsPROs -A beautiful soundtrack.Elements of older platformers with a newer spin.Beautiful graphics.Enough achievements for an achievement hunter to have a good time.Two full campaigns, with more on the way.A challenging New Game+CONs -Some enemy placements and platforming elements that are just unfair.Adding onto the above, parts of the game that are simply too hardcoughPropellor Knightcough.I'll put it out in the open; Propellor Knight is just annoying. Some parts of the game you can just pass off as being NES difficult, but Propellor Knight's stage is just unacceptable.A steep learning curve when it comes to playing as Plague Knight.A pretty mediochre final boss. Quite easy to beat.Random dips and curves in difficulty, not relating to how far you are in a stage, or in the game, for that matter. I found Treasure Knight (sixth boss) to be harder than Polar Knight (ninth boss). Of course, you can choose somewhat the order in which you fight bosses, so maybe this is my fault.Final Thoughts -Shovel Knight is a fun game. I enjoyed it. However do not buy it unless you are up for a challenge. The game is not easy and if you want to 100% it, you'll really need to put some time into it. I'll recommend it, but I can assure you not everyone will enjoy it. You need to really appreciate difficult retro games + platformers in general to get into Shovel Knight, especially in the later levels.Enjoy this review? Did it help you choose whether to buy the game or not?Join my group,Cipher's Take Onfor more reviews, and share your own too!~ _BillCipher"
,Recommended,250760,18113235,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Smexykins,"Shovel Knight - I screamed a lot, but it was really good.Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows - I'm screaming a lot, but it's still really friggin' good.Go ahead, get it. Scream with us, brother and/or sister."
76561198029764289,Recommended,250760,26971242,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yasu,"Really solid platformer.A love letter to the NES era, combining some of the best elements of the genre, along with a fantastic soundtrack."
76561198018856238,Recommended,250760,30969729,Posted: 5 April,all,Felch Godrod,"I have played this game as it has been continuously updated, and each time I am blown away by the amount of work that the developers put into Shovel Knight.The core game with Shovel Knight is a blast, with challenge that is tempered by checkpoints that you can use, OR you can destroy them for currency. You get to choose how punishing death is. The level design, the hidden areas, the quick pace, it all adds up to a great game.Months later, they release a new character, which is practically a new GAME. The mechanics, items, and story takes the core game and forces you to play it in a much different (but still fun) way. Plague Knight trades a short-range shovel for bombs that have an excellent span of usefulness and custimization. THIS game is also a blast.Today I see that my game updated. What I am greeted with is YET ANOTHER GAME. I have a new character available that (again) has new mechanics, new items, and a new story. The opening was brilliantly designed to teach the new mechanics, and it's not long before you're deep into a save file because you're having too much fun.Kudos to the game developers, and thanks for continuing to support this game with fresh content!"
,Recommended,250760,32466379,Posted: 16 June,all,Spiralz,Absolutely worth buying. The game is beautifully put together and brings you to a world that you can enjoy. The art style is entrancing and the controls are smooth. The enemys are unique and even though the game is simple it can be very challenging. After beating a boss you feel a sense of victory and triumph that really keep you playing this great game.
,Recommended,250760,34615773,Posted: 30 August,all,Alcoholic Wizard,"Shovel Knight was the first game I 100% on Steam and I do not regret any of those 85 achievments ( except Vector Victor, Horace you evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ). All 3 campaigns are filled with fun gameplay, charming characters and an amazing soundtrack I'm going to go through each campaign one by one and review them.Shovel Knight: Shovel of HopeThis is the original and main campaign of the game and is filled to the brim with charm. Shovel Knight takes inspiration from Castlevania, Megaman, Mario 3 and especially ( in my opinion ) Ducktales. The gameplay is tight and the level design is very well made with lots of challenge. Another thing that not many people mention is how amazing the soundtrack is. The tracks are so catchy and fit their set so very well., they even got a Megaman composer to do two songs for them! I love this game with its really fun gameplay and characters filled with personality, this is probably my favourite campaign.Plague Knight: Plague of ShadowsThis may be my least favourite campaign compared to the other two, I still love it but I see a couple of things that brings it down to be my least favourite campaign. What I love about the campaign is its gameplay and its use of level design. Plague Knight is very mobile and makes gameplay with him super fun. Despite Yacht Club re-using stages, it really comes out as a positive for the game because even though Plague Knight controls so differently to Shovel Knight, it still makes the stages work and offers a new challenge for each level. Its a hard thing to describe but basically its great level design by Yacht Club. I don't love the plot and characters from this game, it just doesn't really have the charm of Shovel Knight for me. I'd also prefer if they'd make a new soundtrack for this campaign. I'm also not a huge fan of the bomb customization but thats just my own personal opinion. Still a great campaign but is my least favourite one.Specter Knight: Specter of TormentIt seems this campaign fixes a lot of the problems of Plague Knight. Theres a new soundtrack, probably the best plot of the campaigns and has some great characters. Specter knights gameplay is very different to the other two knights and feels like Ninja Gaiden in gameplay with all the attacks. Climbing and jumping off walls, targeting and slashing enemies  makes the gameplay super fun. The new soundtrack is mostly remixes of the Shovel Knights music and in my opinion, most of these remixes are better than the originals, sounding very up-beat and even more like Megaman. It's very good and it again it matches the levels so much. On the topic of the levels, they are designed for the playstyle of Specter Knight and is very entertaining. The plot for the game is the best of all three, you get a very good look into Specter Knights personality and the challenges he faces. Some minor problems I have is that despite the new bosses being clever, they feel too easy and I think they are more flashy than a real challenging fight. I also used the items very rarely and they dont seem as situational as Shovel Knights items. Other than that this campaign is very fun and a great add-on to Shovel Knight.Conclusion:Shovel Knight is such an amazing game and despite my review of Plague Knight having problems, it's still great and remember both DLCs are completely free! Even if you are not into retro games, I think its worth a try and I promise you won't regret it."
76561198007362946,Recommended,250760,32009276,Posted: 27 May,all,Lord M.,"When I first played this game, I really loved it, although I wished there was a bit more content for its price tag.  But I was still happy with the game, since it was clearly going for a quality over quantity approach.Now, with the added Plague Knight and Specter Knight campaigns, plus some additional modes, Shovel Knight is well, well worth it.  For the amount of fun you're going to get out of this game, you'd normally have to pay a lot more.  It isn't a super long game, but what's there is fun and memorable."
,Recommended,250760,33768868,Posted: 24 July,all,rainy,"It masterfully combines elements from classic NES games, but doesn't use the 8-bit setting as an excuse to make the graphics less detailed and pretty. With 3 different campaigns, an amazing soundtrack and a slew of tools that let you approach situations the way you want, you're definitely getting your money's worth."
76561197985072747,Recommended,250760,18238674,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - 2D Action/Platfromer with RPG elementsThis game was clearly designed for nostalgic purposes and it does the job well. You control the shovel knight and can dig, and bash enemies with his weapon of choice. You fight through various stages and will face various puzzles, traps and enemies, but with even spaced checkpoints you won't pull your hair out too much.I have just earned the halfway achievement after dying many times but I still think this is a great game. The level design is challenging but not too unforgiving if you have a bit of patience. You can also upgrade a bit against the bosses allowing a hard fight to become more reasonable (Dark Souls style). There is a lot of humour within the game adding a few giggles to your progress. I would recommend using a controller to make the game more fluid.They recently released a free DLC that adds a whole new challenge as the Plague Knight, but I think it will take me a while just to finish my first playthrough.  I am pretty crap at these type of games, which normally means they have to be pretty good just to keep my interest."
,Recommended,250760,23747827,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SquashBacher,"I should start by saying if nobody wants to read this 1,000 page essay over here, I'll help summarize it into 3 words: buy this game. If you're still here, carry on.I had heard of all the critical acclaim for this game, so this year I decided I'd pick it up on sale. After plenty of patient waiting, I conviniently noticed it 33% off on my birthday, when I recieved some steam cards. So, I bought it.Holy ****, I wonder why I waited so long.Graphics:This game looks fantastic. While pixel art is nothing new to indie games, where Shovel Knight exceeds is it's faithfulness in replicating old NES graphics while simultaneously being goregeous. Only on subsequent playthroughs did I notice the moving cogs in the background of Tinker Knight's stage.Sound:The soundtrack by Jake Kaufman achives exactly what the graphics do; it shoots for authenticity with the game's retro feel while simultaneously providing one of the best indie game soundtracks that I've heard, right up there with Undertale.Story:Very simple, but it's effective, and yet again distinctively retro; it mimics the era when game stories lacked the ability to offer cutscenes that added up to be the length of actual movies, so instead gave you a compelling reason as to why you're playing this game. Also, the game's characters (particularly the bosses) give a good sense of personality through little dialouge, and the ending twist is pretty original.Gameplay:Now this is where the game truly shines. Let me first off say that the control is damn perfect; no cheap deaths here, it's always your fault. Shovel knight starts off with a basic swing and a pogo-style downward strike, but by collecting treasure he can upgrade his arsenal with new abilities, armor, items, and more. Now, I'm the kind of person that doesn't even use ""mana abilities"" in most games (stuff tied to magic meters and the like), but I found myself frequently using this game's relics; I found almost all of them to be extremely helpful in at least one case. The level design is also fantastic; the game's stages take familiar ""world"" tropes (the ice level, the fire level, etc.) and put new twists on them (said ice level features a platform capable of creating rainbow bridges, and the fire level features goo that turns the lava into bouncy slime). Each level is also chock-full of secret rooms which I find to be perfectly hidden: they're not ""kill yourself in this particular pit"" or ""hit thos wall with no indication"" invisible, but completionists will have to keep a good eye out for them. These rooms contain more platforming challenges and danger but reward the player with songs, purchasable relics, or more treasure, creating a nice risk/reward mechanic. And the bosses are memorable and fantastic.Replay Value:An initial run through this game shouldn't take too long (depending on what kind of player you are, should take you anywhere from 5-10 hours approximately), there are plenty of achievements to keep you busy, which range from finding those secrets to harder subsequent runs. I don't normally 100% games, but this game is so frickin' good (for all the reasons mentioned above) that I was more than happy to find a reason to keep on playing. (Note: the game also features a challenge mode with some custom platforming runs and boss rushes).Cons:Yes, I had a few flaws with this game. A few. The main one is that swapping relics can take you out of the action at times, but this is minor and easily overlooked. Also, Tinker Knight isn't a great boss... I think that's it?BONUS:Yacht Club games being the generous overlords they are have given us mortals a WHOLE NEW DLC CAMPAIGN FOR FREE. ****-KING FREEEEEEE. A campaign that adds a new character, with his own abilities, own upgrades, own relics, own story, own achievments, own challenges, level design changes where some areas wouldn't work out so well for him, and overall just a big overhaul of the game with it's own suprising and entertaining twists on the main game. Is it as good as the main game? Admittedly, no. But this could have easily been a $10 purchase, and I would have gladly loved it just as much. But it's free, and basically doubles the amount of value for this game. Someone needs to show these guys to devs like OVERKILL (Payday 2).Conclusion:Buy this game. You do not need a sense of nostalgia for the 8-bit era (as I can testify; I wasn't around back then). You do not need to be a fan of 2D platformers (even if you dislike them. this is one of the best ever; no understatement), and the very very very least worth a try). The amount of detail, work, and passion that went into this game shows with gusto."
,Recommended,250760,17055423,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Zytten13 #BRONCO2018,"A glorious little trip to the past, where everything we had was a kickass soundtrack and gorgeous animations in few bits without forgetting to include HUGE amounts of detail.I want to see more triumphs like this one come out of Kickstarter. This game is great. Bought it full price. Worth every single penny. This game deserves your attention, and so does Yacht Club. A dev team i'll be following closely to see what they can bring us next."
76561198173829486,Recommended,250760,31845856,Posted: 19 May,all,bobbobinson557,"Take a classic NES action-platformer like Mario, Megaman, Ducktales, Castlevania, or Ninja Gaiden. Remove the unnecessary arcade game holdovers and sloppy design from just not yet knowing how to make games.No score. High scores were for bragging and putting A S S or F U K in the high score names. No lives. Lives and continues were to get the player to stop playing or put in another quarter every few minutes. The punishment for death is instead a Dark Souls-like dropping of currency that you may be able to reacquire. No untelegraphed deaths or leaps of faith. It's always intuitive where you need to go and what you need to do, the challenge is in acting at the right time and observing patterns.Clean up the gameplay, but keep some aesthetic attributes. Chiptune music and pixel graphics accurate to NES graphics (with minor exceptions and enhancements). The color pallet is accurate to the NES and sprites are drawn in a similar way to the NES's limitations. There are minor visual enhancements like parallax scrolling (background and foreground moving at different speeds) that couldn't exist on NES. Widescreen, high resolutions, and no need for slowdowns or sprite flickering when there are more than five enemies on-screen because the NES had a bare-bones amount of RAM.On top of that three unique playable characters each with their own story. That's Shovel Knight for you: a NES classic filtered by thirty years of hindsight. Worth every penny, worth every second of play."
,Recommended,250760,11400748,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Jack-O-Lime,"So, another retro-style 8-bit game pops up. Many may think that the style is horribly overdone today and will pay no attention to Shovel Knight.I have a message for those of you - if you like platformers at all, DO NOT IGNORE THIS GAME.Shovel Knight takes place in an unnamed kingdom, under threat by the Enchantress and the 8 Knights of her Order of No Quarter. Sounds familiar, doesn't it? Yeah, the Mega Man comparisons can be pretty plentiful, especially since the Mega Man series is what I usually see as the best platformers ever made.STORY:The story is pretty run of the mill, protagonist (Shovel Knight) and his companion/lover (Shield Knight) roamed the land in search of adventure, until one day, Shield Knight was taken from him by the dark power of a magic amulet. Don't roll your eyes just yet, because it gets good. While the story is simple, it deepens as he game goes on, through little bits of dialogue you may come across here and there.-----MINOR SPOILER - KEEPING IT AS VAGUE AS POSSIBLE-----There's a sequence near the end that shows that Shield Knight is not a flat, boring character used just to provide a love interest for the main character - she has her own merits, and is an equal, and that sequence shows just how well they work together and how much worse off Shovel Knight is without her. All that is shown through gameplay that lasts...about 3 minutes, 5 tops.----------So, the story actually stands up pretty well.MUSIC:Holy hell, this soundtrack is incredible. The tunes are extremely catchy, and, strangely enough, I would actually encourage you NOT to listen to any of the music outside of the game until you've heard it inside. That's right, I'm counting music as spoilers for this game. Jake Kaufman has done an amazing job as always.Mega Man 2 always had my favourite 8-bit soundtrack. Up until I played this game.MINOR SPOILER: There is one track in the game that has taken my place of best sad 8-bit song from Mega Man 3's Proto Man Theme - Shield Knight Requiem. You'll know which track this is when you play the feels inducing sequence it goes with.GAMEPLAY:The game plays brilliantly, the jumping is precise, the controls, while a bit weird at first (A and D for left and right, W and S for up and down, J to attack and K to jump) work very well once you get used to them. The level designs are all done very well, with specific mechanics and enemies being used in each of the Knight Lairs, and in each specific Lair alone, keeping the game fresh and interesting and, most importantly, challenging, as you have to learn new adversaries and mechanics to deal with. Almost all deaths in the game feel like your fault, something you can improve on.The bosses work differently than most bosses I've seen in platformers like these. In other platformers, the bosses will have an attack pattern, performing attacks in a pre-determined sequence. Learn the pattern, and you can take the boss down with ease.Not the case here - the bosses in Shovel Knight have set attacks, but completely lack any pattern. This makes the bosses do their job MUCH better - testing the player's skill. You have to learn their attacks, not the pattern - you need to learn their attacks and make sure you know how to counter them.The checkpoints are a point of interest, because, save for in the first level and the final level, checkpoints can be broken to yield vast amounts of money, rendering the checkpoint beyond use. Death does not punish you by knocking off a life, leading you to an inevitable and frustrating Game Over. Instead, dying takes away some of your dosh, which you must then recover in the next life if you want it back. Sometimes these flying bags can end up in awkward or downright unreachable places, which, while annoying, could be viewed as punishment for messing up, encouraging you to improve. This checkpoint system means skilled players can receive a large monetary bonus if they so decide. Of course, getting cocky and then messing up after destroying checkpoints can send you from any length through the level all the way back to the start, so choose wisely.LENGTH:The game lasts around 5 to 6 hours, depending on your skill, on the first playthrough, an ample length, but it's packed full of secrets to find, one of the most notable being the Music Sheet collactables. 46 sheets are out in the world, hiding wherever, which can be returned to the village bard, who will pay you 500 gold for each, who can then play them for you - the music sheets in question form the game's soundtrack, so you can listen to your favourite tracks (provided you found the sheet) while scurrying about the village.On top of that, there's a New Game +, unlocked after beating the game for the first time. This makes checkpoints much more scarce, about 2 per level, where once there may have been 3 times as many, healing items are almost never found, the most healing you'll get is the Ichor Of Restoration (given by the Troupple King (I could explain what a Troupple is, but you're better off finding out for yourself)). Trying to beat the game like this is even harder, and would probably add a fair bit of length to the game (I say would; I've not actually been able to finish New Game + yet.)VISUALS:The design of the levels and foes, aesthetically, is brilliant, with each stage's looks, features and enemies having their own style, keeping the game looking new and interesting. The game was designed with a limited colour palette, to mimic the NES's restrictions. Of course, not all parts of the game, such as the parallax scrolling or a few colours the NES's limits prevented here and there, but overall, the game stays very close to the 8-bit era it's based on, with the UI looking like it's come straight out of Castlevania, and the overworld map being very reminiscent of that from Super Mario Bros. 3.OVERVIEW:Shovel Knight is an 8-bit platformer that has elements from previous games of the era, and uses them magnificently. it excels in all areas. It's not just a retro 8-bit platformer aspiring to be like the classics - it's better than the classics.It's challenging but enjoyable, and has enough of its own merits to stand tall, without needing to use nostalgia as a crutch - the NES era was not my childhood, that was the PS1 era. So if Shovel Knight's not sucking me in with nostalgia, then it must be something else giving me this rampant love for the game.The early Mega Man games used to be what I considered the best platformers.That title now belongs to Shovel Knight.This game is EASILY worth the £11 (or reigonal equivalent) price tag.If you enjoy platformers, are looking to get into the genre, or are a veteran of platformers, you owe it to yourself to buy this game."
76561198053480121,Recommended,250760,29619226,Posted: 31 January,all,largesnarf,"God damn, this game is good.Speaking of the base game (Shovel Knight, not incl. the other free expansion campaign) it is amazing. I've never played games from the era that this is retro to, but that just shows that it's amazing in it's own regard.Controls are tight, levels are interesting, and it has just enough of a simple story to be compelling. 10/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,250760,34033517,Posted: 5 August,all,Bucket.| NEAR 100% MANIA,"You know that game? Y'know the one, the one that makes you scream but addicts you enough to keep playing? Yeah. This is that. While some elements may be expenentially frustrating at times, it has that charm (and dat soundtracc bois) that makes you want to win. Think of it as Mario's story on steroids. I mean, this GAME is just 80's on steroids. The shovel drop and pogo, ripped straight from Ducktales, the powerup system inspired by Megaman, all of it just screams nostalgia. And to me, it does it exceptionally.Want a great source of reviews much better than mine? Well, you should check out Cipher's Take On!Join here!"
,Recommended,250760,29558427,Posted: 28 January,all,Tiddlywinks,"This is the upper echelon of polygon, the pinnacle of platforming, the A-grade of spade . The storyline is also excellent and not too serious, but still kind of serious at times. Seriously."
,Recommended,250760,31212131,Posted: 17 April,all,SuperCraig64,"I know it's a little early to post a review for this game (at least in my opinion) as not every feature has been implemented yet. However, I still wish to review the game as it is with the three current campaigns we have. (Plus a pretty cool rename)First off, I need to go ahead and say this, every campaign plays differently from each other. I'll go more into depth of that later. Ilovethe pixel art of this game. Call me a nostalgia addict, but Ireallylove this game's visuals. Everything is so well animated, and yet so detailed. As for the soundtrack of this game, Jake ""Virt"" Kaufman strikes again with his excellent compositions! (Seriously, I can't get enough of this guy's work)The gameplay of Shovel Knight's campaign, Shovel of Hope, can be simplied as a ""Mega Man-like Ducktales adventure"" by some people. And I can't disagree with 'em. I can't shake off the feeling I'm playing a Mega Man game, yet it isn't Mega Man. The plot is, while not very innovative, still is kinda engaging. However I don't think plot is important, since after all the gameplay is where it's really at.  I ended up caring foreveryonein the story, even the knights you go up against of the Order of No Quarter. The balance isveryfair towards beginners, but it becomes more challenging at the end. There's no real penalty of death other than losing gold, which you do have an oppertunity to get back. This penalty mechanic applies to every character, as of now.Plague of Shadows however, is where things become obvious the game playsverydifferently between different characters. If you're familiar with Star Fox Zero, the game had a long learning curve with its controls, they were pretty functional and fun once you get used to them. Now, why did I bring this up? Plague Knight actually feels the same way. Instead of using a shovel, you're using potions. I can't really explain how this goes, but there's a lot of customization with how you can create your potions later in the campaign. Once more, the balance is fair, but it expects you to have beaten Shovel of Hope and had a grasp of what to expect out of levels.Then we get to Spectre of Torment, the most recent campaign as of this review. I don't know where to begin with this. Not only is this a prequel to the stories of Shovel of Hope and Plague of Shadows, but it also has entirely new mechanics to play around with levels and bosses that aren't as familiar as they seem. Also you get to play as what some people call the ""edgelord"" himself. While it is a new style of gameplay, it's much simpler to grasp over Plague of Shadows in my opinion. As for the difficulty, there isn't much of a difficulty curve at all, except for the last levels of the game (in which it spikes a lot). Unlike the previous two, you're allowed to choose every Order of No Quarter stage right from the beginning. This means there's no world map and you can determine the difficulty by which stages you tackle first.All n' all, I'm very satisfied with what we got with Shovel Knight. While they could have stopped with the Shovel of Hope campaign, they went far and beyond and are fulfilling every kickstarter milestone that was accomplished, and even making the campaigns feel like different games rather than ""copy and paste"" everything.While the price has been increased due to being more than one ""game"" now, I still think it's worth the price of admission, especially with King Knight's campaign being released sometime in 2018. So what are you waiting for (unless it's a sale), ""Steel Thy Shovel""!"
76561198119023407,Recommended,250760,24131412,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Denm99,One of the best games i ever played:-very entertaining bosses-great level designs-beautiful soundract-hilarious characters-awesome story-hard but fair
,Recommended,250760,11290840,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Basic Island,"Fantastic Retro-Platformer, much better than most NES games.Challenging in it's own way and most importatly fun.I really dig it.got it?dig... shovel...kill me please"
,Recommended,250760,25382466,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Dandy,"First few levels ""pff, this is easy!! i'm gonna enjoy the hell outta this!!""late-game levels:""Thank you dark souls."""
76561198021542588,Recommended,250760,24343375,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,LovelyBerryPie,"Shovel Knight is a must play game, not only for platformer lovers but for everyone. It offers about 20 hours of gameplay after free DLC (Plague of Shadows) and these 20 hours are spent only during campaign while the game offers more. For those who don't want to read the whole review, I'll try to catch it in few words. The game is really fun, amusing and replayable. Also it offers many challenges and unlocks, so if you are still wondering if you should buy it, JUST BUY IT!For those carrying on, let's talk about GAMEPLAYIn Shovel Knight you can play campaign and after finishing it, a new game+ can be started (enemies hit harder, there are less check points and food platters will spawn a bomb instead of regenerating health). The game offers 2 playable characters : Shovel Knight and Plague Knight (obtained after finishing the game with Shovel Knight). It takes 8-12 hours, to complete the campaign with one of those characters, depending on how good player you are. Playing as Plague Knight feels like totally diffrent game (the whole gameplay mechanics is changed). All levels differ from each other. Once you' ll land between cold mountains and suddenly you'll be in a middle of volcano. Besides splendid campaign, developers added optional challenge mode which introduces player to another level of insanity. Freaking 26 levels created just to make your life harder, all of them completely irritating. You can play with controller or keyboard. Both options work flawlessly.Now it's time for in-game STORYI'm not going to lie about it. The story is just really simple, but the simplicity makes it even better. It's hard to not spoil the story talking about it, so I'll say that playing with diffrent characters makes the story diffrent. Whenever you meet someone and start a dialogue, you will be amused and surprised how funny the conversations are.Eventually we came to a point where glorious PC gaming master race takes place. GRAPHICSThe graphics looks beaufitul, the colors are bright, there are many details. Every single detail is well-made and matches with the rest of the level. For those who want to play the game in 4K resolution, ultra settings etc. etc. etc. there will be small disappointment... IT'S ALL PIXELS and no matter what you do, no diffrence will be seen on any 4K monitor or any other. I mean the game will look lovely no matter what.SOUNDTRACKSI'm not a music lover so I'll just say that it's just great. Music varies from slow, atmospheric songs to faster and lively ones.At the end comes REPLAY-VALUESo not much to say..... YES THIS GAME IS SO SO SO REPLAYABLE. Every second spent in this game will be enjoyed by kids, teenagers and adults, no matter how many times they complete it. You will want to replay some maps just to get more collectibles, unlock some achievements or just to challenge yourself.Summarising all upper things, there is only one thing to say : This game is perfect platformer for everyone. Developers made a 2D game with retro graphic and soundtrack and they made it well. Shovel Knight's got everyghint it has to have : good gameplay and good replayability. There is nothing more needed for a game to have and I would recommend this game to everyone.Thanks for reading my review! It was fun to write it for you all. I hope it's helped at least few of you! :D"
76561198354174240,Recommended,250760,29641309,Posted: 1 February,all,Necromancer,"This game has many great things going for it. The content is amazing and the controls feel tight. When you die you feel like it is your fault and not the games. The plauge knight expansion is also amazing as shovel knight and plauge knight are as different as day and night. The story for both shovel and plauge knight were suprisingly deep and I realy came to care about the characters. I do somewhat worry about how Yatch club games will be making their money by giving out of these free expansions, as this is one of the games I would happily pay for its dlc. Here are some of the pros and consPros:-Excelent controls-Great story-Shovel knight and Plauge knight play very differently-Great bosses-Exellent music-Interesting Relics/Arcana-The random Npc interactions-Good looking 8 bit styleCons:-It is a bit too easy to get all of the Relics/Arcana, along with any other upgrades, in the game and you will eventually have all of this cash but nothing to spend it on except maybe health potions, and that is only for Plague knight. And while  in plague of shadows they try to extend the amount of time it takes to get all of the upgrades by using cipher coins, which I am perfectly fine with, except even then it still felt a bit quick.Conclusion:Despite the one problem I have with the game, it is a relitivly small problem. The positive definetly outway the negitive. If a friend of mine asks me about any good games I have played Shovel knight is one on the top of my head. I can easily recomend this to anyone. I can't wait for Specter of torment to come out.Final Verdict: 10/10"
76561198080886509,Recommended,250760,30970059,Posted: 5 April,all,Orihalcyon,"Great game, good old school Mega Man feel to it. Plus bonus playthroughs with diffrent characters and thier own stories!"
76561198000143560,Recommended,250760,35038662,Posted: 17 September,all,Voltare,Like Megaman. But with a Shovel Knight.
,Recommended,250760,13990582,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Tolain,One of the best games of 2014. It's like the best parts of castlevania and mega man with some modern convienence.
76561198076423452,Recommended,250760,31533582,Posted: 3 May,all,Mickey Histo,"Okay so, this ♥♥♥♥ing game, as you can clearly see, it gets nothing but positive reviews, my review in particualr will get swept away and quickly forgotten or never read, BUT that does not really matter, for one simple reason. This game is so gosh diddly darn fantastic, I feel more dirty not reviewing it.To begin there was a wonderful little game called shovel knight, if you were playing it on PC the controls were a bit wonkey, but hey, you can change those, said little game felt like a call back, a loving little tribute to all the classic 2D platformers that we loved, yet with its own modern flare that set it above the rest, uniqu character designs, great backround art, each stage feels alive and pops in its own way with beautiful complimentary colors and unique enemies, the story was nice as well, it was heartfelt and not so shockingly had a happy ending, even down to the little stuff like the after credits scenes had a heart felt touch to them. its amazing! Not to mention all the power ups you can both buy and find, it provides insentive to go and replay a stage, just as a stand alone game, shovel knight would have been just fine. But oh no, then out of no where BAM co-op baby! Now I could both shovel AND knight with a buddy? Sign me the ♥♥♥♥ up! Now sadly I have no friends who have the game on the PC as well, so I never experianced co-op, but its a great example of a content creator hearing and listening to a suggestion from thier customers. Think thats it? nope!Secondly, out of literally no where they came out with an update NOT a DLC, I'll explain that in a moment, the update was titled ""Plague of Shadows"" and you played as one of the earlier bosses in the game, Plague knight, your entire gameplay strategy was changed, the way plague knight moved, interacted with the enviroment, his attacks, his interations with the ""towns people"" etc, all was different, but that doesnt mean its worse, now the world is built for your type of movement as plague knight, its all diferent and you need to adapt, its engaging, its interesting, its just a good ♥♥♥♥ing game. Not to mention this came as a free update to the game, not a purchased DLC, which is an amazing surprise, and its not just a litle do it quick side mission, its an entire other game, both shovel knight and plague knights adventures took me about 5 hours each, money well spent, 9/10 would reccomend, if you enjoy two different perspectives and story lines both beautifully animated and having loads of personality, go and buy this game....Wait, whats this? ANOTHER UPDATE, yes folks thats right, they came out with a third update, this one titled ""Specter of torment"" and much like Plague Knights update, this one was free of charge, added a whole new game, as well as a new and unique way to explore the world. You play as specter knight, which I personally wasnt too stoked about, he's the second boss of the game, and his stage was always a little tricky for me, so I didnt think i was going to like it. But chuck ♥♥♥♥ing testa, I fell in love, everything, EVERYTHING about the specter knight storyline I loved, from how its a prequel, to his shattered memories, to the sheer badassery they game him. Plus you can grind on rails using your scythe. Dope AF. I won't go in to too much detail, because this review is already crazy long, but needless to say, play the Specter of Torment update, you wont regret it.All that being said, if you've got 30 bucks laying around, and you like a 2D platformer with lovely animations, great pixel art, frog puns and apple fish, and you get 2 bonus stories on top of the title story (maybe with more to come) then please buy this game, you really wont be disappointed. 12/10 would strike random walls looking for wall-chicken again."
76561198066095990,Recommended,250760,24963828,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,FuzzyDunlop,Retro platformer done right
,Recommended,250760,14747733,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Platformer perfection. A love letter to days of gaming past where games were challenging but not unforgiving and stories didnt take themselves too seriously, only rather than just be a love letter, they improved on every aspect of platformer gameplay and made what might be considered the most perfect game of all time. Literally perfection.11/10."
,Recommended,250760,29456696,Posted: 23 January,all,[KOR] Rin,"I think I can safely say this is my best Indie game of all time period.The graphics and the gameplay mechanics are very retro, so its not something that is completely new.However, the amount of execution of this game is just done too well. Yhatclub done it too well, that they even put Modern Nintendo to shame. The level design is just too god like. The difficulty is fair and challenging but not frustrating.It's also has fixed difficulty, meaning that everything is designed around that difficulty and works perfectly.sound design is retro and bit old, but the melodies that you will hear in the game is just beautiful and enjoyable.The length of the game isn't too short, but at the same time not really that long. So you can pretty much replay the game any time you want. In fact, you can practice speed running this game, which is also actually fun to practice the game without dying or fall into the pit. Again this is mainly because the game is genuinely fair and the level design is just so well designed and fun so you can enjoy this game so many times. And I truely appreciate Yhatclub game because they are giving you the free DLC which is Plague Knight campaign. In this DLC you get to play as Plague Knight which is one of the boss in the game. The level design is actually same as regular campaign, but the layout of the each levels redesigned around the ability that Plague Knight can perform. So in the end it actually feels different and you have to play the game pretty differently. They are planning to giving out more free campaign DLC which you can play as Spectre Knight, Kings knight, and adding 4 player battle modes for Freeeeeeeeeee. Yes all of the campaign story is also based around the each characters. This sounds to me that Yhatclub is just giving too much for everyone. Thats how much I enjoy this game and that is how much I appreciate Yhatclub. and Hopefully Yhatclub is the new game studio that shines even more in the future. Thank you Yhatclub.내가 아직까지 해본 인디 게임중에서는 최고라고 자부한다.그래픽이나 게임플레이는 고전 닌텐도 플랫포밍 액션 어드벤쳐 게임의 감성을 가져왔기 때문에 사실상 신선하다고 보긴는 어렵지만.. 레벨디자인은 거의 오늘날의 닌텐도 조차도 놀라게 만드는 수준의 레벨 디자인에 너무 쉽지도 너무 어렵지도 않은 매우 적절하게 난이도가 고정되어있어서 제작자의 의도가 제대로 딱딱 맞아 떨어지는 구성에 고전적인 사운드 디자인이지만 멜로디 구성은 기억에 남고 스테이지 마다 숨겨진 아이템들과 레벨속에 숨겨진 구간을 찾는 재미도 있는데다가 게임의 길이도 너무 짧지도 너무 길지도 않아서 게임을 깨고 난뒤에 스피드 러닝 하기에도 매우 안성맞춤인 구성에플랫포밍 게임으로써 매우 어렵지는 않지만 플랫포밍과 진행자체에 있어서 조작에 대한 어느정도 정확도가 요구 되기 때문에 여러번 플레이해도 너무 즐겁다. 또한 스테이지 마다 고유의 보스배틀이 있는데 보스 배틀의 경우 공략법만 알면 그다지 어렵지는 않지만 충분히 기억에 남는다. 또한 이 게임은 돈주고 DLC를 살필요 없이 왠만한 추가 콘텐츠 게임들을 업데이트를 통해서 공짜로 뿌린다 더 웃긴것은 그 공짜 컨텐츠가 너무 혜자라는것 현재까지 추가된것은 게임내의 보스 캐릭터중 하나인 역병기사로 플레이 할수있는 또 다른 캠페인을 만들었는데 이게 레벨 구성은 사실상 메인 캠페인과 비슷하지만 역병기사의 의 능력에 맞게 레벨 구성을 재구성 했기 때문에 느낌은 사실상 매우 다르다.거기에 더해서 스펙트레 나이트편 스토리 캠페인,킹스 나이트 스토리 캠페인, 4인 로컬 배틀 아레나와 같은 컨텐츠도 미래에 무료도 업데이트 할 예정인데 비록 시간은 걸리고 있긴 하지만 이렇게 개발을 하는데 시간이 걸리는 컨텐츠를 100% 무료로 뿌린다는건거의 자원 봉사수준이나 다름이 없다.스토리는 거의 텍스트방식이고 좀 낡은 스타일에 꽤 단순한 플롯라인을 갖고있지만음악과 분위기가 딱딱 맞아 떨어져서 억지감성이 느껴지진 않고 오히려 감정이입하는데에 있어 매우 자연스럽다.쉽게 말하면 단순하지만 그래도 애잔하다.정말 오늘날의 닌텐도도 절대 못할 스토리텔링이다.놀라운건 스팀 친구들중에서는 아직도 이 게임을 안한 사람이 너무 많다는것."
,Recommended,250760,20553814,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Croiss,"So before i bought this game, I was like ""What the hell is up with all this Shovel Knight hype?""So i bought it, Then when i saw the cutscene, i was like ""Ok, Nice cutscene""Then i saw the first level and heard the music, That's when i realized i was in for one hell of an adventure.I love it so far, Music is amazing.8/10"
,Recommended,250760,12501739,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Sol Goodguy,"I was saving up some money till the holiday sales, and I really wanted Shovel Knight, but then the cash appeared and I could buy it at Full Price, at first I thought I was hasty and wasted cash, but after playing it, I can safely say that this is my favourite game of 2014. Not only did it fulfill what I expected, it actually exceeded my expectations, it's challenging, you'll rely a lot on skill, the level design is so amazing I haven't been this frustrated ever since I played megaman again 3 years ago. It is a delicious mix of Castlevania, Megaman and Ninja Gaiden. The Retro graphics are enjoyable and the pixel art is amazing, its pretty hard to sprite in that style without making it look out of place due to the lack of limitations.Yatch Club Games really nailed it with this game. If they ever announce a Sequel, I would gladly play it if its as enjoyable as this game was. Sincerely, best Ten Bucks I ever spent. Worth a lot more than AAA games I bought this year.tl;dr 10/10 megaman knight ninja belmont play it would pay twice the actual price"
,Recommended,250760,11040264,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Scrat,"As the industry grows and creating games becomes more feasible for small time development teams amazing games spawn from nostalgia and peoples love for their past favorite games. Shovel Knight perfectly encapsulates the community wanting their retro game feel, while still maintaining a modern experience in flow and glitch-free gameplay. Pulling from the experiences of Mario 3, Zelda II, Megaman, Duck Tales, and other retros games Shovel Knight mixes these all in a pot and gives us something we couldn't experience on a NES by expanding on colors and gameplay that the system would not have allowed at the time. That's what makes Shovel Knight appeal to so many of us.The game itself is fantastic. The action platforming and game design makes you feel like you are playing a Castlevania Megaman love child. Each zone has its own theme (a castle for king knight, a graveyard for spectar knight etc.) drawing from the best part of Megaman; its uniqueness. And the stage has hidden areas and challenge rooms giving you the exploratory feel of a Castlevania game. Your trek to the boss is challenging, but not frustrating and the game allows you to make things more difficult for yourself by rewarding you for destroying checkpoints. Defeating a stage always feels like a true accomplishment because the boss battles are hard and long fought. Once completed you are back to the overworld where you may be met with random encounters, challenging areas to test your skill, or fun banter with merchants and towns people. Combine that with masterful music and beautiful artstyle and you find almost no issue in the game.The only issues one can bring up are sadly the game is too short, and the difficult cap may be high for those new to platformers. I myself had a hard time in many areas and I adore games like this. A lot of trail and error is involved, but with deligence any player should be able to finish the game. On the issue of the game being to short. I do not necessarily think that is a bad thing. A game as good as this is bound to leave a player wanting more and wanting more is what all games should leave you feeling. I do not hamper on Shovel Knight for being to short because it is my own selfishness that wants 20 more bosses and stages, endless music, and new and greater challenges.Overall Shovel Knight is an easy 10/10 and I have taken my nostalgia goggles off even for this score. I may seem biased, but even if I didn't have history with the aforementioned games Shovel Knight would still be a fantastic piece on its own. For those new to platformers and this style Shovel Knight will be a refreshing challenge and a wonderful gameplay adventure. For lovers of the old platformers this is the game we have been waiting for; all your favorites wrapped up in a new intersting experience that will both satisfy your thirst for nostalgia and leave you begging for more."
,Recommended,250760,32234272,Posted: 7 June,all,Sylvan_Yggdrasil,Plague of Shadows was one of the most awesome gaming experiences of my life.
,Recommended,250760,11700918,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Coverop,A piece of nostalgic Nes Game.Worth buying.-Justice in Spades--Sharpen Thy Shovel--It's shoveling Time--Get Digging--For Shoverly--Strike the Earth-
,Recommended,250760,30318440,Posted: 4 March,all,AkuMatt,"One of the best platforming games I have ever played and definitely the best of the current era.It's made in the style of an 8-bit classic so will appeal to gamers of that era most but I think lots of younger gamers will enjoy it if they give it a chance.Lots of replay value with secrets and upgrades to buy and find, not to mention the extra campaign after you complete the main game with more DLC campaigns to come soon.The game can be challenging but it's fair, practice and patience are rewarded.A must buy for any fan of the platforming genre or anyone looking to try one out for the first time - this is an example of how it should be done."
,Recommended,250760,29760260,Posted: 7 February,all,Knight1029384756,I enjoyed shovel knight for a person who has never played a 2D platformer besides mario for a few minutesI would say get the game it's worth it
,Recommended,250760,13781227,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Akka,It's Megaman X4 as Zero on top of a condensed version of Super Mario Bros 3's worldmap.If you aren't already sold on buying this game from that description alone consider a new hobby.
,Recommended,250760,33141791,Posted: 2 July,all,RevanVenkata,"This game take the essence that has made old classics like Megaman, Castlevania, Mario and Ducktales great and put all together in one game. It's almost impossible for an old gamer not to have a feeling of nostalgia playing Shovel Knight. The soundtrack is also excellent."
,Recommended,250760,31798692,Posted: 16 May,all,(9),"""Thanks for giving me some money back in 2015, here's two more games with new playstyles.""This is how devs get my money, but creating near infinite value in their games and forcing replayability by releasing new chunks of new content. If Yacht Club releases a brand-new game in the future, it's a purchase out of principal.Lackluster AAA studios should take note."
76561198135610608,Recommended,250760,32890982,Posted: 27 June,all,Leo Magnus,"With this much content and more promised by Yacht Club, there is no excuse not to buy this game. Each playable character has a unique campaign and offers a challenging play style that will sometimes leave you throwing your controller against the wall. But it keeps you coming back. 100% here we come!"
76561198026872065,Recommended,250760,18129166,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DrVaughn,"Almost a year back I bought Shovel Knight - and damn, was I hyped beforehand. All those flashy reviews praising it all over the place. Then I played it - finished it in two sittings and I liked it. It was good. It had charme, controlled just fine and had a decent difficulty. I had a fun couple of hours with it, but all in all I wasn't as impressed as I anticipated to be. I played through it a second time though - for Butt-Mode alone - so kudos to the developers for that :DAnyways, Shovel Knight got an update – and this update did it for me. Plague Knight, for me at least, is very enjoyable to play. I love the countless options to suit his abilities to your playstyle and I love to go at this game with a totally different way of thinking. The levels themselves haven't changed that much (although they've been adjusted to Plague Knights abilities), but still this felt like almost a new game. Shovel Knight and Plague Knight play considerably different and playing as Plague Knight elevated the game immensely for me.Now let's get to the other changes. The story in Plague Knights campaign is wholly different from Shovel Knights. It plays out as an alternate universe of sorts, where Shovel and Plague Knight's paths cross from time to time. Plague Knight has his own motives, his own hub and even a sensible setup for this hub to make sense in the original universe. There are a lot of small touches, which make the story interesting and give you those ""aha""-moments with regards to Shovel Knights campaign.For example:The Hall of champions does not sport ghosts as main enemies, but Knights. This gives you the feel, that you as Plague Knight set up the Hall of champions for Shovel Knight. You destroy the knights and thus make room for the ghosts.Plague Knight has his own expansive set of upgrades, which comes in several forms. Upgrades for his basic bomb throwing, his charge-bomb-jump-thingy, his ""up+x""-move and his cloak. Theres is a ton of options for you to play around with. I got stuck with the Samus Aran-Way of doing things. Jumpy spin attack + the ability to bounce of walls. Died this way at times - totally worth it!Anyways, as a free update, this is totally worth your time. Some may not like Plague Knights kinda ""sloppy"" movement and his jumping ability - but it does give you a new challenge and provides you with a cutesy story along the way.For me, personally, this update was the kicker Shovel Knight needed to get my full approval. It was a good game from the start - now it is an excellent game, worthy of your undivided attention.Btw: Yacht Club Games, please keep your love for details at this awesome level you got going. Small touches, like Percy (being a horse and all) actually kicking a lever, instead of using it normally – this is the stuff that makes me smile from ear to ear!"
,Recommended,250760,11223701,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Saek,"you dig things, i am not dissapoint"
,Recommended,250760,13068453,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Primal Hyena,"Oh boy, this game. Shovel Knight is a superbly developed platformer that adds various genres from older games into the mix; You have some influence from Megaman regarding your freedom of choice in which stage you can pick first, Super Mario (for obvious reasons), a little Metroidvania in there, and some LoZ. While it may be quite a task to list which game mechanics have been inspired by specific games of the genre that I've aforementioned, I'll spare you the details and point out the good points of this phenomenal revival of the classic platformer.-Good story, with the cliche of saving the ""princess"" (Shield Knight), but nevertheless a good story-An expanse map that features the areas and territories governed by other enemy knights you have yet to face. Plus, side quests of all difficulties can be accessed, allowing for more replay value even after you beat the storyline!-There is a Mana mechanic included, which allows you to pull off special moves during any tough situations!-Digging and harvesting jewels is practically the backbone of this game. While this may sound like an effort, it's actually quite addicting (and easy) to rack up thousands of jewels in-game. Plus, you can reward yourself by upgrading Shovel Knight with more health and mana! However, it's just as easy to lose money as it is to gain; the difficulty of the game is reasonable, and if you're not careful, you may find yourself losing scores of that hard earned cash.-Armor Upgrades that alter your defenses, attack capability, and general physics in platforming. Each one has its pro's and con's well balanced in such a way that no armor is ""stronger"" than the other.-In addition to your Armor Upgrades, you gain access to Shovel Upgrades as well during that same point of the game. Again, each has its pro's and con's. These moves deplete your mana bar varying in strength of the attack respectively.-Each knight that you battle is equipped with a quirky personality, generally regarding it's motif. This results in commendable characterization. And the dialogue is memorable as well.-Amazing soundtrack that captures the moment of each stage setting.Ultimately, this game is a must-have for all you avid old-school gamers out there. As stated before, a little bit of everything from the classics have been incorporated into this game, so it never grows stale. Would highly recommend!"
,Recommended,250760,28947649,Posted: 2 January,all,Air For Free,"This game totally nails the nostalgia factor by implementing the best parts from a variety of old school games and modifying what didn't work with them. It is a combination of all the best, from the presentation to the mechanics to the music. Not to mention the devs are including FREE expansions. The first one, Plague of Shadows, is already released and is well worth playing through. The next one (featuring Spectre Knight) Is set to be released soon!But more importantly, there's a frog that tells puns. 100% recommend"
,Recommended,250760,26091077,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DJ Masterson,"Rather than go over all the wonderful things that make Shovel Knight an excellent game, I'd like to spend my review talking about an issue I've seen brought up in the majority of the negative reviews Shovel Knight has recieved.Among others (which are highly based on personal opinion, such as the usefulness or lack thereof of the collectible relics), the complaint that stands out the most to me as absolutely unforgivable is complaints about frequent death.Particularly, the difficulty of platforming in many areas and the quote-unquote ""liberal"" application of instant death traps, such as bottomless pits, spikes and lava. I have a few issues with this.1. Allow me to get the obvious out of the way: Perilous Platforming is exactly what Shovel Knight was aiming to have to begin with. If you didn't want it you had no business playing. This is exactly what you were told it was going to be.2. IT'S NOT EVEN ALL THAT DIFFICULT. It seriously is not that bad. There are no areas that require you to have absolutely, pixel-perfect jumping precision in order to progress through the area. None whatsoever. Not even for side-areas such as secret treasure rooms. None. The difficulty of the platforming in Shovel Knight gets so overblown in some of those negative reviews that it's honestly sickening.3. YOU GET CHECKPOINTS -AND- INFINITE RETRIES.Shovel Knight doesn't use an ""extra lives"" system. If you die, your punishment is simply ""you lose some treasure"". Then you respawn at the last checkpoint you activated to try again. And again. And again. Ad infinitum or until you give up (but it shouldn't take you that many tries because, again, it is seriously not that bad).This isn't like Mighty No. 9, where you have to collect 1-ups so that you won't game-over and get booted out of the stage entirely. As long as you hit a checkpoint you are gauranteed to make progress.Shovel Knight is worth your time. As long as your skin isn't paper-thin I promise the platforming won't be that much of an issue."
76561198223321308,Recommended,250760,22491556,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Live Robo,"This game is the epitome of ""tough but fair"". It controls well, has great music, challenging stages, and in incredibly fun.This game is a hard, fair challenge, and is one of the best platfromers I've ever played.Seriously."
,Recommended,250760,18895274,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Cancer,"This game. This game isgood. Here's why.1.) This game is in 8-bit.Most kids/adults who play this game get a very reminicent feeling of playing on every 8-bit gaming platform. That's sorta the build of this game, trying to be like none of the other indie games out there, but yet not going out of the way to be different. It does something simplistic, bringing you back to the 80s, 90s, and 2000s with 8-bit video games.2.) The soundtrack.Really should be under the 8-bit criteria, but still good none the less. This game's soundtrack was cleverly designed to bringing back some nostalgia with classic SNES and NES music from popular videogames. And what more could be said? It's ♥♥♥♥ing catchy! You could dance to this (Plague Knight).3.) The DLC.Adding one of the villans to the very exclusive playable character list is actually a smart idea. And with his entirely new gameplay, caused my 45 deaths with shovel knight to shoot up to 145 deaths. (I suck, he's hard.) The only mistake in the DLC is Vat (the item) comes mid-game and is really the most used utility that you'll get. Most of the items I had I never really used. (Stoneskin potion, Running feet elixer, big boom) They cluttered up my quick select menu, causing me to die because I didn't want to pause the game.4.) Plot linePlot: You're a serulian knight with a kick♥♥♥♥♥shovel on a quest to defeat the enchantress and find out what happened to shield knight. You fight other knights. Simple as that. Nothing more, nothing less. It's fine like that. Last thing I need is to be playing Kirby: The Amazing Mirror and have a backstory about Kirby's dark past fighting depression with binge eating.Verdict:Aw ye."
,Recommended,250760,33899414,Posted: 30 July,all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!Verdict :Absolute ClassicShoveling to SuccessShovel Knight is a metroidvania platformer that invokes retro feelings from classic games like Castlevania or Megaman. Shovel Knight doesn't just look like a retro game but perfectly captures the essence of those games as well through extraordinary level and boss design, as well as providing a satisfying challenge and refusing to hold your hand. Shovel Knight felt to me as if it took inspiration from multiple other games, both old and new, and weaved them all together to create a truly unique experience in an over-saturated genre. From boss battles that almost seemed to draw inspiration from the souls series, to level design that seemed straight out of Castlevania, Shovel Knight isn't just a game with a retro skin, it's a flawless callback to classic retro games of old.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1094885837Shovels Are A Mans Best FriendSo, Shovel Knight is a platformer, yes, but to me I felt more like I was playing an RPG first and a platformer second. This may sound like a bad thing but I honestly think that Shovel Knight mixes the two extremely well, you can buy items and complete side quests just like in an RPG, but when it comes to dungeons and bosses expect lots of jumping puzzles and verticality. Speaking of dungeons and boss fights, both of these are designed exquisitely; every area you go to has some kind of obvious theme and there's secrets everywhere for you to find. Each boss fits into their zone perfectly and has abilities that match as well, the bosses also have a surprising amount of difficulty to them, which gave me some Dark Souls vibes. You can't just mash keys to get through the bosses, you have to pay attention, use your items responsibly, and actually think the fight out rather than going in there and shovel smacking your way to a shallow grave. I think the bosses work so well because of each individual bosses design, but also because Shovel Knight controls excellently. You're going to be doing lots of jumping in dangerous places, places where one wrong step could spell your doom, and not once did I ever feel that my death was due to faulty controls. The tight, but simple, controls also make navigating the levels more fun since you aren't going to be tearing out your hair after failing a jump or dying in a way that was unfair. Shovel Knight's controls work well with its simple combat system, pretty much just a few basic attacks. You can buy a handful of special attacks at a shop later in the game, but honestly I never found that they were much use and instead were really just too bothersome to even worry about. Shovel Knight manages to take this simple combat system and make it harder by forcing you into mixing combat and platforming in order to progress through the levels. Mixing the combat with the platforming is actually really fun and you get scenarios where you chain attacks together, bouncing between enemies in pure joy, that really make you cherish your experience with Shovel Knight.""*Muffled grunts and bangs*""- Shovel KnightThe Power of SpadeNow speaking of enemies, there is plenty of variety here too, usually the enemies you fight are in some way themed to the zone, which adds something to the boss experience as well since you feel like you're building your way up to the main fight itself. Sometimes the enemies can be a little frustrating and there's definitely a place or two where I feel the developers may have overdone it on the difficulty, but overall the enemies are placed well and aren't too hard to deal with. Shovel Knight isn't all about the combat though, there is a pretty classic story here too. Your old fighting companion, Shield Knight, with whom you've faced countless horrors, has been kidnapped by the evil enchantress and you're setting out to save her. This is pretty barebones, but I honestly think that Shovel Knight should be focused on minimal story, with maximum gameplay. The classic story works well because Shovel Knight is supposed to be a cliched classic of a game, with our great hero setting out to slay horrible monsters and rescue his friend, you really don't need much more story than that here. Shovel Knight manages to get you to actually care about this Knight and his companion quite a bit, even though you never see either one's face or hear a voice, because Shovel Knight conveys emotion through audio.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1094885396Audible EmotionNow I've gone over how Shovel Knight has a simple but effective combat system, extraordinary level design, and notable influences from other amazing games, but there's one thing that truly sets Shovel Knight apart: the artwork. I'm not just talking about the gorgeous 8-bit inspired graphics, but also a soundtrack that deserves to be up there with the greats like Hotline Miami and DOOM. Shovel Knight's music is used to almost be the characters voice throughout the game; the soundtrack perfectly captures the feeling of each zone, be it creepy music for fighting the undead, or upbeat chiptune tracks to keep you on your toes during a boss fight. The sad moments of Shovel Knight are made even sadder through the music, making you actually feel a bit for this cliched action hero and his noble quest. Shovel Knight doesn't just rebuild the image and feeling of a classic NES-era fantasy world, it also flawlessly recreates the sound.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1094884206&fileuploadsuccess=1TL;DRShovel Knight is a flawless callback to classic NES games that brings not only impeccable level design, a vibrant world, and a tight control scheme, but also a legendary soundtrack.If you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
,Recommended,250760,25964514,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,gunsage,"It's basically Megaman, Ducktales, Super Mario Bros. 2, and a dozen or so other 8-bit classics rolled into one, yet somehow manages to be its own thing.  Very cool stuff, if a bit difficult at times, but really, that's just retro difficulty at its finest."
,Recommended,250760,12635366,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Orange Enigma,"Amazing game. An action-platformer that combines the best of Mega Man and Duck Tales to create an experience that is both fresh, rewarding, and fun. The difficulty feels balanced throughout the game, eventually getting much harder as you get towards the end. But by then, you should be able to handle the obstacles the game decides to throw at you. Very fun, and I reccomend it to everyone. Probably one of the best games to come out this year."
76561198087059496,Recommended,250760,24337402,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Stitches,"Platforming is great, music is great, bosses are great, story is pretty great, sound design is great, humor is great, pretty great game for those of you who strive for greatness."
76561198155881956,Recommended,250760,34829682,Posted: 8 September,all,The War Against Cats,An astoundingly amazing love letter to the classic games of an era long gone.
,Recommended,250760,12068414,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,..,1100's farming simulator.
,Recommended,250760,32335238,Posted: 10 June,all,rxg | Nitch,"Great game. Good controls, great gameplay, nice story interesting characters/character design, and free dlc periodically. What more could you ask for?"
76561197970961690,Recommended,250760,18096269,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,pösmunk,You liked mega man and duck tales for NES? Then you will regret not buying this. End of review.(Plague knight free DLC is marvelous.)
,Recommended,250760,18108660,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Q,"One of the most fun games I've played in a while!Shovel knight have everything you love for the NES times, awesome music, difficult platforming, super polished retro graphics and of course the incoming expansions (Playing as plague knight is AWESOME), it's a tribute to games history in general and a must buy for all of the 80's gaming children and for the new generations as well."
,Recommended,250760,24090619,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Applesass,You're a knight...With a shovel...Why the hell haven't you bought this game yet?
,Recommended,250760,24136325,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,S u l l y,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece11/10
76561198086071211,Recommended,250760,23801381,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mr. Jostur,"Shovel Knight is a beautiful, solid game and Jake Kaufman's best work in my opinion. (From what I've heard, among his pretty vast amount of work anyway)HOWEVERI DON'T recommend this game to anyone who can't handle insta-death situations. They exist in this game, and they are *annoying*Dying in the same spot, losing half or more of your money, and going through the same segment in a level can be very infuriating.Basically, if the difficulty of Megaman games ruined the Megaman games for you, don't get it. Not that they're the same games, by any means. It just kinda has the same feel of difficulty to me. Some people have compared it to Zelda 2, but I've never played it. So I can't really make that comparison with certainty.Anyone else who loves getting their♥♥♥♥♥♥pounded into dust, get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,250760,25505144,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Dr. Scallywag,"There's really nothing that can be said about this game that hasn't been alreay said.It's basically perfect.My brother's friend shared this game with me through his steam library, but once I started playing it I had to buy it myself because the developers DESERVED my money.I'll just list out everything great about this game that has been stated hundreds of times before:Tight platforming, classic but compelling story, amazing artwork, and a soundtrack so good that I cannot comprehend how it can exist in the mortal realm. This is quite possibly the best game I have ever played. 11/10"
76561197998490461,Recommended,250760,23329022,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,cheep crybabby hatter,"It\'s almost flawless. It\'s an old-school Megaman style platformer, with old-school difficulty. It\'s brimming with fun, personality, and polish. Every aspect of the game oozes the love that its developers have for games. Expect excellent level design, gorgeous graphics, a kicking soundtrack, a surprisingly engaging story, and a plethora of hidden easter eggs and extra features.The only complaint I have is in the Dark Souls-like recovery mechanic. When you die, a proportion of your wealth is left where you died. In Dark Souls, it is left a few seconds behind where you died, so you can safely retrieve it. In Shovel Knight, the bags of gems that spawn where you died would often not be reachable without you dying again.This was definitely frustrating, but do not let it sour you on this gem of a game. It\'s well worth its asking price!"
76561198050034022,Recommended,250760,13916085,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,droid879,It's awesomely cool.
,Recommended,250760,11018442,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,froakiethroat,"If you are even slightly interested in this game, buy it. It's without question the best 'modern' retro 8-bit game I've ever played, and has easily taken my Game of the Year #1 spot (as of right now)."
76561198305578980,Recommended,250760,29410636,Posted: 21 January,all,darpoirier,If you like classic NES platformers like MegaMan and Castlevania then you'll enjoy Shovel Knight.  Great gameplay with a solid soundtrack.
,Recommended,250760,11359328,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Bieberhole the Great,Who would have thought that a shovel could have so many uses? This is a fun and challenging platformer that'll remind you of Mario and Mega Man. The music will send some nostalgic shivers down your spine as well! I'm diggin it -->
,Recommended,250760,10930532,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LiBrizzi,"If Megaman and Ducktales had a love-child, it would be this game. Controls are smooth, graphics are just right, and it has th perfect amount of difficulty. The soundtrack steals the show though, it is AMAZING. You can download it here for FREE, but you can give any amount of money to the composer if you choose to do so. (you should) Link can be found here:http://virt.bandcamp.com/album/shovel-knight-original-soundtrackMy only complaint is that I've personally experienced some framerate issues, but it could easily be my computer and not the games optimization. This game is hands down an insta-buy, and might just get me into speed-running."
76561198145610456,Recommended,250760,32191358,Posted: 4 June,all,JacksoPage,Really well made and a lot of fun. Lots of free content.
76561198040855634,Recommended,250760,11354469,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,el Tron,"Shovel Knight does something that has never been done before.It manages to capture literally everything that was so charming, memorable, and fun about the side-scrolling platformers of the 8 and 16 bit eras and genuinely create a new game out of that exact mold, but without a single one of the negative characteristics that make many of those older games feel archaic today. If you were to round up a group today's best game developers who grew up with an NES, Genesis, or SNES in their home, and send them back to 1991 to make a game with all the knowledge and skill they had in 2014, Shovel Knight is what you would end up with.This game is stellar. I really can't find anything bad to say about it. As I write this review in July of 2014, it's easily the best video game I've played this year. It's very popular and very trendy nowadays to make ""indie"" games using pixel art, but no game of that style that I've played has even come close to what Shovel Knight is doing here. This is a labor of love by people who love video games, and who have loved video games for a long time.Anyone who doesn't play this game is doing themselves a disservice, especially if your a gamer of a certain age. Few video games are capable of magic. Shovel Knight is one of the ones that is."
,Recommended,250760,10861150,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chicken Joe,"Great game. Imagine Megaman and Dark Souls had a baby, and you got Shovel Knight.I'm not much of a reviewer, but I have to recommend this game to all my friends. It's just so damn fun. It has a decent challenge and more than enough content to keep you busy. Lovely soundtrack as well."
,Recommended,250760,30325943,Posted: 4 March,all,JoJo,I bought it before the price raised. :^)
,Recommended,250760,10966394,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Alice,"This game is fantastic. Awesome classic style graphics and catchy music.There's a fair amount of challenge, but nothing too difficult until New Game+ which will keep you busy replaying on a harder difficulty after you beat the game for the first time.Fairly short and can be beaten in a single sitting but still a great game overall.Perfect for those who love the NES classics such as Megaman, etc.9/10. Buy this game!"
76561198053690271,Recommended,250760,11405597,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Darkonius Mavakar,"This game.this game is incredible, wow, the music is awesome, the level design is creative, the bosses are incredible, there's also much to do before going to another lair.wow.this game is totally worth it."
,Recommended,250760,12471736,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,theluigiguy,"""For Shovelry!"" This NES-esque platformer captures the spirit of retro gaming by combining quirky characters, iconic gameplay elements from Castlevania, Ducktales, and Zelda II, and a FANTASTIC soundtrack that I still listen to every day (kudos to one of my favorite VGM composers, Jake Kaufman)!Forgiving in the way that there are no game overs and plenty of ways to get past each screen, ranging from pure shovel tactics to using an invincibility charm to bypass it altogether if something gets too frustrating. For the hardcore (like me!), the game offers plenty of freedom to make your playthrough VERY hard through its achievements! I cannot describe how awesome it felt to hear the staff roll theme reprise after completing the game without dying.Pick it up for yourself and your friends! Let's all appreciate the EPIC homage to retro gaming that is present in Yacht Club Game's SHOVEL KNIGHT!"
,Recommended,250760,33592634,Posted: 16 July,all,jOKER.lanjaa,"So fun. So hard.Gave my girlfriend this game, she's now 24 hours in and raging harder than a 14 year old pinoy.What kind of monster have I created."
76561198004185359,Recommended,250760,24377376,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,montagohalcyon,"I would just like to note that Shovel Knight is awesome, the free Plague Knight DLC is even more awesome, and more is on the way.  The only reason you will likely never see me playing it on Steam or get any further achievements past the base game is...I liked it so much I went ahead and bought it a second time, for PS Vita."
76561198090456371,Recommended,250760,11145936,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,jpg.png,Hypnotized by mesmerizing shoveling.
,Recommended,250760,27009874,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pluse37,"Zelda II: The Adventures of Link is one of my favorite games of all time and this reminds me of it so much.  Shovel Knight is a great platformer with fun, varied and unique gameplay.  Add in the excellent characters, soundtrack and graphics and, well, it's highly recommended."
,Recommended,250760,23593564,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Trombe,"Excellent game.Wonderful performance, rock solid 60 fps, rebindable controls, moderate difficulty.Surprisingly cool and engaging story too.Top notch gameplay and superb level designs.Continuous support by devs, free DLCs and sizeable amount of content.Catchy music on top of it.I can't really come up with any real complaints. Oversaturated palette maybe?"
,Recommended,250760,32007873,Posted: 27 May,all,atamalnitsuj211,This game.... All 3 gamesThey're really ♥♥♥♥ing good
,Recommended,250760,10969670,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ru$$ Money,GOOD GAME IS GOOD.  I beat it in 4 hours.  GOOD.  SHOVELS AND KNIGHTS AND SHIELDS AND OTHER KNIGHTS.  Good.
,Recommended,250760,11003202,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,(+[__]::) Stovich,"Absolutely recommended to any platforming fans.  Shovel Knight perfectly delivers on all gameplay fronts with clever level designs, awesome boss battles, and a great Mega Man X-ish powerup system that rewards exploration.  This is all wrapped in high quality production value packaging, dripping with NES-era Capcom nostalgia.  Shovel Knight features a consistently catchy and upbeat chiptune soundtrack paired with an excellent array of color palettes.This is the best 2D platformer of 2014 thus far."
,Recommended,250760,15664839,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"Though I am not usually the biggest fan of platformer games, Shovel Knight managed to surprise me.  I purchased it after having heard the rave reviews and I must say that I was not disappointed.The game at its basest level almost reminded me of the classic Megaman games, though, instead of an arm cannon you use a shovel to defeat your enemies.  That same shovel is also used as a pogo stick to bounce off of the environment as well as your enemies, and is a tool that the game requires you to master especially toward the end when timing and control are all that stands between you and a gruesome death.The map phase of the game takes place on a map that is reminiscent of Mario Bros. 3, with levels, towns to purchase items from, and adventure locations sprinkled across it.  Each of the levels that you play has a theme based around the boss, and each of these these levels unlocks an ability similar to those that that particular boss has.  By the end of the game you're capable of swapping between a large supply of tools acquired from previously defeated enemies, some of which are dangerous weapons, others are invaluable tools.  Combine this aspect with the ability to purchase health and mana upgrades, a variety of items, and armor and weapons, and you've got a significant amount of lite-RPG added into the formula.The story is rather light in the game (as you might expect) though it does convey the sense of urgency that Shovel Knight has in rescuing his love, Shield Knight, from the clutches of evil.  As far as action-platformers go, I was pleased with the story and it kept me entertained.I would definitely recommend this game to any one particularly enjoys action-platformers with a touch of RPG, and would suggest the game to anyone else who has an open enough mind.  Just be prepared to scream obscenities at your computer screen for half an hour until you finally experience the sweet taste of victory."
,Recommended,250760,22625398,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Valaryon,"Extremly challenging, be ready to pull your hair out on more than one occasion. The fiero effect is real. And the masterful design, and the soundtrack."
,Recommended,250760,14656174,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,rgk,"Shovel Knight is a gem.It is an action-platformer wearing the armor of an 8-bit NES game, but at it's heart it plays like a brilliant modern platformer.I personally did not like the graphical style when I saw screenshots of the game, but as soon as I started playing it I thought that with all the animations and unique settings, it looked good. The 8-bit music is great and suits perfectly the game.Now that the style is out of the way, I will focus on the flesh of the game:The Shovel Knight has to battle through 8 levels and their associated boss before being able to tackle the final levels and the final boss. A few other levels or boss fights exist on the world map, which is presented in a style reminiscent of Super Mario Bros 3. Unlike Super Mario Bros 3 there is only one world map to explore, so the game might appear short (around 8-10h), but each level is long and received so much care and is so unique that Shovel Knight is really a tight experience that doesn't overstay this welcome or feels like a repetitive grind.I started this section with the description of the levels on purpose, because each level is actually very unique and has its own gameplay quirks and its own visual style and its own original boss fight. This is really where the game shines, in its variety of situations associated with an excellent level design.The Shovel Knight is able to perform a drop-down attack with his shovel, which will be at the center of the gameplay. Some harder sections require to navigate through screens only with drop-down attacks. Some platforms can only be activated with a drop-down attack on a switch. Some secret places can be accessed through a drop-down attack then rebound on an enemy.The combat features a lot of different enemies with their own visual style and attacks. Unlike recent Rayman or old Mario games where enemies feel more like a moving obstacle rather than a dangerous threat, Shovel Knight requires more subtlety and fighting skills.A secondary attack which can be equipped with a wide range of magic powers helps deal damages or evade them.The only real controversial point about the game is that a player loses money upon dying. The money can be retrieved on the location of death, but it can sometimes be impossible to retrieve. The good thing is that there is an incentive not to die even though there are no finite ""lives"" and that it creates mini-challenges, the bad thing is that some levels can squeeze their fortune out of the player and will make it harder on already struggling players.Overall, Shovel Knight is a polished game full of personality made by talented developers, it offers a tight and satisfyingly challenging experience, and shines through its perfect gameplay and excellent level design. An easy recommendation for anyone looking for a good action-platformer."
,Recommended,250760,13278421,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Underwhelmed,I was born one morning when the sun didn't shineI picked up my shovel and I walked into a mineI pogoed on some critters while digging up some lootnow when my life bar is full I can finally shoot
,Recommended,250760,11341400,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,coverkillernation,"Shovel Knight. It sounds so silly when it rolls off the tongue. What happens, however, is nothing short of brilliant. FIrstly, you take the classic 8/16 bit era of gaming. Secondly, you combine elements from some of its favorite franchises (Zelda 2, Mega Man, Ducktales, Castlevania, Mario) and add new intuitive features. Finally, you develop a kick♥♥♥♥♥score for the game that makes dying over and over again not feel like such a bad thing.The result is the reason I loved gaming in this era. Fair challenge, fun gameplay mechanics and plenty of reason to keep playing. If you don't have this game yet, don't put it off for another second."
76561198165332373,Recommended,250760,24091102,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Penkoffi,This is a fantastic game. I hope they will do more free dlc like the Plague one.
,Recommended,250760,11062739,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,LightJazz,"Shovel Knight is without doubt the most down-to-earth retro platformer out there right now.To be honest, a couple of times the difficulty made me want to throw in the Trowel.  But I Dug deep within myself to keep on trying, and the feeling of satisfaction was returned in Spades.  Not to mention the lore is much Deeper than I was expecting.10/10  Needs more shovel puns"
76561197971231066,Recommended,250760,11025334,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Feldir,"megamannet ja ducktalesit tulee nopeasti mieleen, ja toteutus on puhdasta kultaa ilman retropisteiden keräilyä tyhmien vitsien johdosta. 5/5"
,Recommended,250760,16227006,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,FiveStarWreck,"Now that I've beaten the game, I can whole-heartedly tell you Shovel Knight is the best platformer I've seen in at least the past few decades or so. All of the simple yet touching story elements tied in with beautiful gameplay and 8 bit music, this game is a MUST FREAKING HAVE for EVERYBODY. When I play a game, i like to be a perfectionist sometimes. I REALLY dont wanna die. But when I died in Shovel Knight, (I raged) but it was different. I got that immediate sense of: ""I know what I need to do, so Im just gonna do it"" No cons or problems as far as the eyes can see.Get Shovel Knight... For Shovelry!"
76561198122761151,Recommended,250760,32845546,Posted: 27 June,all,Your Pal Kindred,You'll die a lot
,Recommended,250760,11880019,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Shackington,You should make shovel knight action figures i mean i would buy them. Also this game is fantastic and i dont know how you could top it if your gonna make a shovel knight 2
,Recommended,250760,21208482,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,CharlieGSツ,One of the best (if not the best) platformers out there.
76561198072182182,Recommended,250760,14498653,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Shovel Knightmay get heaps of attention for how well it tickles the nostalgia glands, but don't let that fool you; the game is as joyously fun as it is pixel-pretty!  Now, it isn't nearly as demanding as neoretro platformers likeCastle in the DarknessorSuper Meat Boy, but I think that's a big part of its (well-derserved) popularity.  Even players who are inexperienced in the genre can muddle throughShovel Knightand take in the candy-colored sights and sweet blippy sounds and feel satisfied -- but it does take skill to finish it with finesse.  So what the game lacks in lacerating challenge it makes up for in surprising mechanical depth.  I think that's quite a feat!I would be remiss if I didn't emphasize how wonderfully strange the world ofShovel Knightis.  Certainly, beloved sword & sorcery tropes are invoked, but I don't think we've ever encountered a sawed-off warrior who uses his spade-blade to deflect projectiles, pogo off enemy heads, unearth buried treasureandproperly extinguish campfires.  Oh, and he worships an elixir-spitting forest god who is half-trout, half-apple.  I've said too much!  Get the game and experience it for yourself!"
76561198097660975,Recommended,250760,33136761,Posted: 2 July,all,HanzGretel,"Great game,The soundtrack and gameplay are both really good, as it is a simple game there's hardly anything to say about it.The main game is good,-Plague knight dlc is also fun but it's just the main game with  with the same stages, bosses, different story perspective and a different character with different gameplay.-Spector of Torment dlc is better because it actually is very different stage and boss wise from the main game, it even has remixed soundtracks from the main game.Great game, not that long though completed it plus all dlc in 20 hours. Would recommend buying + DLC for 20 euro/dollar or less."
76561197987927800,Recommended,250760,32034083,Posted: 28 May,all,Elvistux,"If you don't think Shovel Knight is a fun and awesome game , we don't have anything else to say to each other ,GOOD DAY SIR"
76561198131983805,Recommended,250760,12292680,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Rhon,"Nice and easy to get started, yet difficult to truly accomplish everything. Nice art style. Suprising twist in story(spoiler?).Needs more places to visit."
,Recommended,250760,24885757,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,My Name's Paul,"This is such a great game. Perfect homage to NES Capcom games. The music is great (gj virt), the gameplay is smooth and engaging, and the plethora of content makes me feel I really got my money's worth. The fact that they put out a whole new game as an free expansion, and they're working on two more is just icing on this cake."
76561198366194793,Recommended,250760,34843365,Posted: 9 September,all,Drunken,"Holy crap.I have this game on Wii U and have completed every campaign, 100%.Holy crap.This game is amazing.Let me start off by saying, this game was made in the ""everybody wants to make 8-bit video games so people are nostalgic and buy it"" era. It worked. It definitely worked. This is possibly the one of the best ""modern"" games I've ever played, (excluding Nintendo games). It brings me back to the days where I was waking up really early on Saturday mornings to play Super Mario Bros 3 all day and night. Speaking of which, this game takes many elements from it and I adore that. I also love it, because it's been 3 years and the developers have not abandoned it yet which seems to be a common issue with many games on Steam. It has a bunch of fun achievements and campaigns to keep you busy so you'll never get bored of it.You've got to buy this nostalgic, heartwarming, often hilarious platformer.You will not regret it."
,Recommended,250760,25588462,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Linkle S. Jr,"TL:DR this game is great and you should pick it up!But A longer version on why it's great is because, it's just great, the devs are still updating the game too, I think a year ago or so they added Plague Knight as a character and there is also new game + for both characters currently in game and I think that'll carry over to the upcoming other two (Specter Knight and King Knight) but beyond that since this game has been out for a while now I've noticed alot of people are mainly liking it because it's nostalgic, even without the nostalgic feel I think anyone can get into the game and it generally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off that people would solely buy this just because it reminds them of how games where back in the 1980s, I'm proabaly just saying that because I didn't grow up back in those days but the point is the game is perfectly fine without nostalga, like anyone in their right mind today can buy this game and enjoy it no matter how nostalgic the person feels about the game, had to get that off my chest, I hate how nostalga is a way to determine if a game is good or not, this game is good because it has loads of content with more in the pipeline, really great level design and has a good difficulty to it, not because of nostalgia. Sadly the only down side is the game is really short, I was able to beat Shovel Knight's campaign in around 12 hours and that's including NG+ and the same goes for Plauge Knight, so yeah it's a short game story wise but it makes up for it with lots of challendge modes and collectibles and like I mentioned earlier it has NG+, other then that one tiny nitpick, it's a great game.Spector's story came out today, it was a lot better then Plague's story because the levels were almost completely redesigned and the bosses were all really different from the other story modes. A fantastic update that increases the value of the game!"
76561198210114184,Recommended,250760,32838213,Posted: 26 June,all,deathblade7070,"One of the greatest platformers on Steam by far. Great soundtrack, amazing story, and challenging but fun gameplay. 10/10 overall."
76561198049990353,Recommended,250760,13750913,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sam,"If you haven't played this game once, you've missed out on life."
,Recommended,250760,19863439,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Pixelbuster,"The best 8-bit platformer I've played in a long time, go buy this if you haven't already."
,Recommended,250760,12916532,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,A Mole Named Scoot,11/10-Meh
76561198202976476,Recommended,250760,29595107,Posted: 30 January,all,ArcadeWarfare,"If you get this game you might like it, it depends on your view on games, if you do get this game then you most likely are into the following: Platformers, Fantasy/Medival games, Games with dialogue, Games with cool character ideas, and 8-bit Retro like games, If so this game is for you, this game is a fun experience and some say is a better predacessor to mega man than Mighty Number 9 (I agree) also as you can see Shovel Knight's weapon is a shovel which is pretty sick."
,Recommended,250760,11775520,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Traveller,"It starts out like DuckTales, and by the end it's Mega Man.  This is extremely high praise.  The perfect platformer: somehow they managed to make a game of moderate difficulty that is fun and doesn't have any cheap shots.  Really enjoying the NES aesthetic, they nailed it pretty hard but it doesn't feel held back by it at all."
,Recommended,250760,28810561,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,liamasullivan,"A reminder that the quality of a game does not come from the graphical quality, but in the gameplay. Shovel knight and plauge knight control fluidly and consistently. The platforming is difficult at times but fair. The soundtrack is fantastic and the game drips with personality."
76561198035004965,Recommended,250760,11925914,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Frost King,"So, Shovel Knight.  This game is ment to be a nice throwback to the NES era of gaming.  The fuel for this game is nostalgia, through and though.  Also much like the NES era of gaming, you could have games about, roughly any sort of weird nonsense you can throw together and alot of it would stick because it was origonal.Shovel Knight plays like alot of your favriote games if you are old enough to have been raised by Nintendo.   You play as the title character, Shovel Kight, who is an honorable knight who weilds a fearsome shovel to vanquish his foes!  Shovel Knight himself is likeable, though his backstory cliche' he really is the honrable type, and trys to talk his way out of a situation before being accosted.The Level designs are great, unqiue, and each one offers a diffrent experience (Personal favriote and most hated is the graveyard level.), there are two towns, a host of bizzare characters within, and all of the bosses have just about as much personallity as you do.  The other knights are also based on simmiler gimmicks, like Plague Knight, King Knight, Specter Knight, and each boss battle is rather enjoyable.The game does take a measure of skill, it starts off nice and easy and has a gentle learning curve to never make it frustrating.  There are also plenty of hidden easter eggs and secrets strewn across the levels for you to find, from music notes, to more gems, to strange fish-fruit people.  Shovel Knight himself has a large arsonal of relics to use, each also new and unique with that perfect edge of fun and nothing feels worthless.So, overall if you crave the olden days and tripple A hasn't been scratching your itch for awesome RPG like settings, or if you permanatly wear your nostalgia goggles I can recomend Shovel Knight to you.For Shovelry!"
,Recommended,250760,32858045,Posted: 27 June,all,Luffy,amazing game looks like a nes game 10/10
76561197965804358,Recommended,250760,10854841,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AmBrew,"For a moment just picture our favorite Blue Bomber Megaman from the NES era. Now replace his Buster Gun with a Shovel Blade, swap out his armor for some plate mail, slap 2 dirty great big horns on his helm and you have yourself the glorious Shovel Knight. After a minor delay (which felt like forever) Shovel Knight has blessed us with its 8-bit grandeur.I truly dig the game from its 66 piece color palette to its beautiful NES style audio. Its not the most difficult platformer in the world so newbies shouldn't have much trouble but the experienced platform gamer will still find it rather satisfying to play. The controls are simple, easy to learn and reasonably responsive, the level and boss design are awesome and the story is...ahh...so so... But in Shovel Knight's defence, it's more about the gameplay and thats where it shines most brightly.To sum it all up, Shovel Knight is sure to please anyone who enjoyed NES gaming as a past time, because it takes the best parts of some real classics while still feeling fresh and unique. This review is rather brief but I honestly just want to venture back into gaming history and slay some more Order of No Quarter!"
76561198000141845,Recommended,250760,11331252,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Gagan,"What's not to like? The music is fantastic, the boss fights are fun as hell, the controls are tight, and you have a Shovel. You are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ person if you don't like Shovel Knight."
,Recommended,250760,29915365,Posted: 13 February,all,Ashens,"2 words, F****** Amazing. If you where a fan of any of the old Mega Man games then i can garantee that you WILL love this game. If that didn't sell you then i assure you this game has amazing pixel art, level design and dont even get me started on this excellently crafted soundtrack. Also if you buy this game and go to the creators website you will be able to get a free code to a free dlc called Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows which adds a whole entire new campaign in which you play as one of the bosses called Plague Knight and later in 2017 there will be another free campaign titled Shovel Knight: Spectre of Torment in which you will play a prequel story as Spectre Knight. If you are willing to pay the money for this game then i would DEFINITELY suggest using a controller as it is way more comfortable than keyboard controls"
,Recommended,250760,14208803,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,NBlast,"Is the Shovel Knight an Perfectly Realized Ultimate Savior and Most Supreme Indie Game of All Time™?Is this the must have for everybody?Is hype real?No. Definitive no. But that doesn't mean that this game is bad. It's pretty far from it actually. Shovel Knight is an extremely well polished 8-bit retro throwback, that checks all the objectives of great 80s platformer. Visuals are pretty spot on, sountrack is not bad and game really plays well. Unfortuntely it misses a massive points for lack of originality. This is basically an ""Mega Man with a shovel"", at least the core gameplay that is. Gimmicks are from MM. Character speed and jump height are from MM. Enemies are heavily inspired from MM. Even some particular screens of the levels are pretty copy-pasted. I would forget this completely, but unlike other recent platformers that are wrongly accused for lack of originality, Shovel Knight could really use some more charm and unique flavors in gameplay and presentation. it doesn't mix many concepts and doesn't add anything new. It realizes one concept and nothing else. Fortunely this concept is realized pretty well.This game is also not for casual players. While this isn't particularly hard game, it offers no difficulty settings and 80s One Hit Death Spikes are plenty, sometimes amping up frustration. Luckly those moments are not that prominent in comparison to the whole game. Otherwise it goes smooth with 60FPS, clevel boss designs and satisfing enough gameplay.No. Hype isn't real. I played some better platformers recently, but Shovel Knight is still a not bad experience. It's pretty much worth $15, but I would suggest taking it, like me, with at least -33% discount. Be a fan of platformers and don't expect miracles and you should be fine."
,Recommended,250760,10979685,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,★𝓖lit★,"Shovel Knight is by far one of the greatest ""8-bit"" platformers i've ever seen. It has slick gameplay, simple mechanics, fluid difficulty, an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic soundtrack, AND ACTUAL 8-BIT VISUALS (Not one of those attempts like the ones you see that take over 75% of greenlight. Go ahead and look. About 15% are minecraft clones, 5% are DayZ clones, and the other 5% are actual good games, and this is one of good ones.), and tiny bit of comedy here and there. I havent finished the game yet so i dont know if the game is either long or short, and I dont plan to look at any other reviews to check if so, but i do know that there is an achievement where you have beat the game in 1hour and 30minutes so i guess that just about explains it. Now i'm going to narrow down the game for you and will put a few shovel puns in here because I am a horrible person.You're a knight with a shovel. The shovel doesn't have mystical powers. It does have special abilities with just a few purchases, but all and all, It's just a normal, blue, steel(?) shovel, you dig? Your land is being taken over by a bunch of evil knights, and you could just take them down one by one, but oh no! Your partner is missing, so you have to do it anyway...(what???). But hey, don't throw in the trowel! With enough upgrades and support from the people you encounter along your journey, you'll surely dig those big bad knights a grave or two. (It hurts. The puns are actually hurting me.)I've been anticipating this game for a very long time now and was not at all dissapointed and I hope the developers at Yacht Club Games continue to make great games like this in the near future.9.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,250760,34613735,Posted: 30 August,all,۩ THE_Incinerate ۩,Go and buy this game . it worth it. it have what make game a game and if you wonder what is a game .game about experience that feel alive and emerge into . it'snota blank chapter in your life.
,Recommended,250760,11041038,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BlackTiger0091,Realy good retro game.If you are a gamer who started with Super Mario and MegamanYou Will Love This Game!!!!The gameplay and the OST is so good.They just made it right.Who cares about graphics when it is this fun.
76561198004377171,Recommended,250760,11239658,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,ICEE,"This game is fantastic. A real throwback to the SNES era, and the gameplay is solid. It feels like a megaman game, but with a magic system from Zelda 2. The bosses are awesome, the music is epic, it's very challenging, and the game just feels good to play. 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,13703357,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mr. Sideburns,"Whether you're familiar with old school platformers from the NES era or someone who wants to try one out, Shovel Knight will be money well spent. An amazing soundtrack, simple controls, tons of abilities and gear, and level design that challenges your skills and holds a plethora of secrets waiting to be discovered by keen-eyed players, Shovel Knight is one of the best games I've played. The main game may be about 5 hours, but the number of ways to use subweapons and the ability to visit previous stages for extra money (or just to experience the banter between knights) along with a more difficult New Game+ feature adds to the replayability of the game. With a story that manages to be simple but complex at the same time, Shovel Knight has the right things in all the right places. Overall, a fantastic game that's super fun to play, and will bring enjoyment for anyone willing to give it a shot!"
,Recommended,250760,13669724,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ghostonica,one of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,250760,19860676,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Croy,2014 GOTY.
,Recommended,250760,19928708,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Glypha,Let's call a spade a spade. Shovel this gem into your life. You dig?
76561198125327132,Recommended,250760,16122570,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,minecraft steve,i dig this game
76561197970658160,Recommended,250760,10908435,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ripper-AU (Pew Pew Pew!),"SHOVEL KNIGHT REVIEWUpdated: (Includes New Game Plus and Plague of Shadows)Shovel Knight is a game by Yatch Club games, and the first I have played from them. Having seen a few previews, and hearing about it, Shovel Knight did look like an appealing game. Originally, I thought it was going to be just another ""retro"" style game, or rouge-a-like, which we've seen an entire flurry of in the past five or so years (many great, others not so much) so at first it didn't hold my attention as much. Having seen a trailer, prior to its release though, I saw great potential. Not only was it more of an action platformer (more of my genre) but the gameplay and presentation looked fantastic, so I had to pick it up there and then.My first impressions of the game were excellent. From the moment the title screen comes on, you are greeted to some fantastic chiptune music, which feels both fresh and new, but yet familiar and nostalgic. This game will definnitely appeal to people who grew up on the NES and SNES, but also anyone who wants to get into 2D platformers. I could easily go on tangents to talk about one thing to the next, but I'll seperate them into different categories.GAMEPLAY:The gameplay of Shovel Knight is what you'd expect from an action platformer. Your shovel is your main weapon, and it can be used both to bash enemies, as well as using it as a kind of pogo stick, to bounce off enemies and obstacles, much like in Ducktales the game on the NES. Speaking of which, the main influences I got from this game were Legend of Zelda (items and map screen), Ducktales (the pogo mechanic) and Mega Man (music and some stages). The jumping in the game feels slightly delayed, but having played countless amounts of old games on Nintendo systems, it's easy to pick up on it and master, like riding a bike. You start off on an intro stage, which teaches you how to play the game, by unfolding events, rather than the much redundant ""text boxes"" or hand holding, which most modern games have today. Shovel Knight makes you feel like you've learned, and earned those victories, rather than telling you what to do. You can also collect treasure either by finding them out in the open, or digging up certain rock and dirt piles or blocks. Treasure acts as your currency, and can be used to buy items in shops. When you die, you drop your treasure in floating bags, which makes you try and grab your treasure bags at the place where you died, or be penalised for dying by losing your money and not retrieving it. After fighting a boss, you're treated to a map stage screen, very much like Zelda II or Super Mario Bros. 3, where you get to choose which stage you want to tackle next, as well as visit the stores, which let you buy items that include health potions, shovel upgrades, armour upgrades, as well as anything that you'd normally expect in a staple RPG game. You don't level your character up per say, but you can buy upgrades. You also unlock spells, which you can use to turn the tide in battle. Certain items will replenish your spells as well. There are also collectable items and secrets in the game, which add as a completion bonus.GRAPHICS & PRESENTATION:Shovel Knight is a beautiful looking game. Crisp visuals with bright colours, and an 8-bit art style in glorious widescreen. This game doesn't look 8-bit just for the sake of popularity, its art style is beautifully crafted, and best represents its genre. I can't imagine what Shovel Knight would have looked like if it was in 3D (or 2.5D if you will) as I can't imagine it looking any other way. Each boss' stage is unique, and has a different colour palette, making each stage look unique. You'll fight in castles, underwater, deep dark caverns as well as up high in the skies.SOUND & MUSIC:The sound effects are what you'd expect from an 8-bit style, with attention to detail down to each characters' text box making a different sound when it scrolls. The music is absolutely fantastic. Composed by Jake Kaufman, with the help of Manami Matsumae (the same person who worked on the soundtrack from the first  two Mega Man games) the music has a very noticeable Megaman-esque influence, as it's bright and very catchy, with each stage having a different but just as memorable tune. If you're a lover of chiptune music, or video game music in general, I highly recommend getting the soundtrack to this game as well. You'll have the tunes in your head for days on end.LONGEVITY & NG+:The game offers a lot of hidden secrets and items, for those wanting to get that completion bonus. I'm not 100% sure if you get anything special once you get a 100% completion rate, but for those who aim to get everything, this game offers a lot of replayability, as well as multiple achievements to obtain as well. New Game Plus is offered for those who want an extra challenge. While the base game was quite challenging, it was quite fair as well, and it gave you many chances to learn and try again. This game is easy to learn, but hard to master, so those who want a much harder challenge, New Game Plus will offer that. With less checkpoints, tougher enemies, and more damage dealt upon you, NG+ is definitely more appealing for the ""hardcore"" gamers. Those who found the vanilla game a bit too easy, should definitely check out New Game Plus, as it is much less forgiving, and will have you trying again, and again, and again. This also extends the replayability of the game as well, and almost makes it feel like a new experience. There's also a pretty achievement for completing NG+.As an added bonus, Yacht Club games released an expansion pack for Shovel Knight, called Plague of Shadows. In this one, you play as one of the bosses from the base game, Plague Knight. With slightly different jumping mechanics, and a vastly different arsenal at your disposal, playing as Plague Knight offers a fresh take on the base game, and acts as a distinct play-through of the game, especially for those wanting something new after beating the base game as Shovel Knight. Plague Knight is an alchemist, with many different potions and tricks up his sleeve, and can purchase upgrades in the game very much like Shovel Knight can. You'll also get to see the story through his perspective, complete with some new characters that you meet along the way. Best of all, it's entirely free! In a game market of constant DLCs (Downloadable Content) it's refreshing to see a game company care for its players like this.OVERALL:There aren't many bad things to say about this game. While the jumping is slightly delayed (though it might be my controller/PC setup) it isn't much of a burden. NG+ did get repetitive when I kept losing over and over again in certain bits, but this happens with most hard games anyway. Apart from these minor issues, I can't say anything bad about this game. It has fun gameplay, great visuals and great sound, and it's a game that will make you want to complete it at least twice, which in today's market of ""disposable"" games, it's a nice thing to have. Even before the free DLC, Shovel Knight was already a complete game, and it didn't fall under the bad category of some games, where they release ""the rest"" after the game's initial release. What you get is a finished game, and it delivers. With the flurry of retro style games that have come out in the past, done almost for the sake of selling nostalgia, Shovel Knight surpasses all of that, and what we get is a fresh game that was made for the sake of being a great game. The retro style is not done for parody, and the nostalgic feel comes from within. Shovel Knight is a game that became an instant classic in my books, and to me is easily the best indie game that came out in 2014 (Plague of Shadows was released in 2015). So what are you waiting for? Grab thy shovel, and grab this game. I dig it!Overall Score: 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,250760,17490405,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Kualtran,Awesome gameplay and 8-bit graphics.
76561198066776627,Recommended,250760,23128468,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hypertripp,A game not only loveing made and constantly being updated with new chariters but it has a real sweet story and it doesn't try to laugh it away it's just heart warming.
,Recommended,250760,10978706,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,JONZ,"It's like they took everything good about the best NES games and mashed them together into this. The music, the platforming, that retro NES style vibe, it all comes together so well. If you grew up on NES this is a must buy, if you're a kid or teenager and not sure what to think of this, this is basically the best of the late 80s/early 90s had to offer,.. in fact, if you're reading this, just buy the game, it's challenging and fun as hell."
,Recommended,250760,16537394,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,simpliv,Anextraordinarythrowback to the NES days that any platformer enthusiast should have!
,Recommended,250760,11682661,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Coop,A must have
,Recommended,250760,11267172,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ovaltine,"I dug up this gem today. Found it in my backyard while I was shoveling the remains of my deceased plants. I hit a rock, but that is okay because I was fighting with diamond and the only thing that beats diamond is another diamond. If diamond was in the rock paper scissors rotation it would be an automatic win. Shovel Knight is in all diamond, thats why he beats rock, paper, scissors, and even shoot. This game combines a lot of elements you see in the Call of Duty franchise such as The Adventures of Nazi Zombies, or Ghost Tales, and even Castlevania: Lord of Duty. This game gets a well deserved rating of Delicious out of Yummy. I would reccamend you have a powerful computer, so many bits."
,Recommended,250760,16767558,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Cosalich,"If you had an NES when you were a kid and you don't have this game, you're depriving yourself. Probably the best music I've heard in a video game in a decade."
,Recommended,250760,10993547,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mad Niz,I can dig it!
76561198032129159,Recommended,250760,13561712,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,engg100,Thank you for making games fun again!
,Recommended,250760,10938067,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shiro☆,"Out of all the 8-bit-like games, this one is the absolute best to date.A gorgeous mix of Megaman, Castlevania, Mario and a lot of original ideas.This game is worth every single penny!"
76561198077025018,Recommended,250760,11298485,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"Retro 2D 8-Bit Action-Platformer.This game makes me feel like I am playing my super nintendo with today's options in gaming.(I.E. Upgrades for your Armor, Shovel & Magic.)It also has secrets to find and game modes to unlock, including New Game + !This does revamp the gameplay and make it harder.Both casual and hardcore platformer gamers will love this one!Nostalgia at it's finest.Can you dig it?"
,Recommended,250760,11687867,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Auburok,"Shovel Knight is everything I wanted in a retro-styled game. Everything about it is well designed and well implemented. I suppose Mega Man meets Ducktales is my best description; Shovel Knight can jump, slash, and do a ""pogo"" jump on the heads of his enemies.The game has pretty tight controls despite the retro look, and Shovel Knight is a flexible character that, despite getting lots of abilities through relics, doesn't need them. The game takes a Dark Souls approach to punishing the player for death, spurting out some money each time you die. That money can be picked up again if the player manages not to die before doing so.The game isn't very hard, but there is a little bit of a learning curve with shovel mastery. In a way, the game lets you make the game harder by allowing you to destroy checkpoints for cash, forcing you to restart at the beginning of the level if you break them all.Bosses are rather varied, especially considering the sort of game it is. Enemies are, too, as are the environments and obstacles. Shovel Knight can get a few upgrades to his weapon, and a few different armors with different effects. On top of this, he gets 8 ""relics"" that are optional (they don't come from bosses). Health and mana pools can be expanded and there are chalices that act as ""sub"" or ""e"" tanks, except that they are only filled from two particular NPCs and they have three different effects depending on the contents: full HP/MP, treasure magnet and invulnerability for 10 seconds.I wasn't expecting the story to really be much, but it's silly, light hearted and not all that bad.It's around the length of a Mega Man game or Ducktales for a 100% playthrough without a guide, which is about 8 hours, but the game can be completed in a speed run in well under 1:30 or so (there's even an achievement for it). There's a NG+ that makes the game more difficult, and there's a lot of Kickstarter stretch goal content that's not in yet but will be added as free updates later.This game doesn't need a pricecut if you're at all fond of the NES era, and it's well worth the $15 bucks even without the extra content in yet."
,Recommended,250760,21326754,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,hollisjg,"only con is the console exclusive bonuses that i can't get because i only have the steam version.oh well, just means i need more shekels.pros outweigh the cons.play it love it catch your girl"
,Recommended,250760,13707601,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,thirsty squid,"I don't normally write reviews but it is very rare for a game, especially a game within this genre, to entertain me so much. I genuinely love playing this game and everything from the music to the stages to the enemies just feels right. Some games you can tell had a lot of effort and affection put into them and this is one of those games."
76561198052392698,Recommended,250760,11013549,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Phoenix Wright,"Really awesome game, I loved it. When this was on kickstarter and such and people were showing it off on youtube, I didn't get too excited for it. When It finally came out I decided I would give it a try. It has been a while since I've played a game this fun. It's got action, romance, rivalry, all sorts of things. The story is solid, the controls are solid, the look is solid, the music is fantastic, if you like chiptune. This game took me by suprise by how enjoyable it is. This is one of the few games I would personally give a 10/10, the only other I can think of is Dark Souls. This game will hold a special place in my heart being such a fan of platformers. Very enjoyable, I believe everyone should give it a shot, I nearly guarantee you will ejoy your time spent with it.  Thank you Yacht Club, I can't wait to see what else you can create."
,Recommended,250760,10958636,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Reinz,"More games like this have been released lately, and they all tried to copy the real 'SNES classic' feeling. (Ducktales, Zelda 2 etc.) Some did a damn fine job (Rogue Legacy), but most weren't that great. This one succeeded in copying that feeling perfectly. So this is the time where you buy this. Do it. You could've played this game already, but instead you're reading this review. You dummy.10/10 would shovel again."
76561198115380034,Recommended,250760,18562958,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,lkcsi,"This deserved the awards it got. I love this game, and it's a shame I didn't discover this sooner. I recommend this to my friends and all those who want to experience a casual yet fun playthrough or a self-challenging game.Shovel Knight is described by the older players as a love letter to old 8-bit games and a refreshing nostalgic game bringing back childhood memories. But how about to younger players like me, whose childhood was focused on 3D console gaming? I didn't grow up with a lot of 8-bit games, nor have I completed any of them. But playing this was so fun that I brought my laptop everywhere to play on my free time. All of this is new to me, and I feel so thrilled!ControlsFirst, the game's controls were so simple I mastered playing by the end of the first stage. Unlike the other games I've played, I only have to use (my own binding) WASD, E, left arrow, and right arrow keys. Seven keys. The most I used was around twenty. Simplicity is elegance.ChallengesSecond, its challenges. This game has so many frustrating obstacles (lights off! pits! exploding stuff! surprise attacks! WIND! SPIKES! SINE DAGGERS! SCROLLING SCREENS OF DEATH! I hate you so much). All of these obstacles are cleverly crafted to be hard yet manageable, which when the player overcomes these, it gives a real sense of victory. Well, for me I found the wind physics and scrolling screens hard, but after pwning these parts I feel so happy. Then after completing the entire game thrice, I still feel triumphant.Story, and of course, SpoilersThe main campaign features Shovel Knight on a quest to save his beloved and constantly dreams of her. Simply put: he defeats powerful knights who he never intended to fight, but they're blocking the way to Shield Knight. He even gets to defeat the most powerful evil being in existence. He's a pint-sized dude about to burst from sheer badassery.In the first playable boss update, Plague Knight, an insane alchemist, is developed as having emotions and insecurites. He betrays his ruthless and powerful 'companions' to concoct a potion that can get him all he wants. Turns out he only wants the love of his crush and went his way to be stronger in order to woo her. Aww. His story ends with more heart-tugging and cuteness overload.This game is an excellent example of a vital rule in creative writing: show and don't tell. We get shown how Shovel Knight loves Shield Knight through dreams and (more subtly) gameplay. We get shown how Plague Knight deals with his inner demons (both emotionally and quite literally). In the ending montages, we see the other knights doing what they like to do/what's happening to them, and they all turn out so adorable and somehow, human.DevsFourth, the developers are geniuses. Aside from their good storytelling, they made the best DLC I have ever played, they are chipper devs and insert so much funny jokes in the game, and they have so much passion for this game. The Plague DLC was so great it felt like a new game all over again with radically different mechanics yet we know it's just the same. I have so much faith in them to create equally impressive storylines for the two other knights that are in the spotlight.MusicJake Kaufman's an excellent composer and manages to capture the feel of the stages he composed for. Pridemoor Keep's was majestic, just like how kingdoms are. The Lich Yard's was a blend of creepy and smooth. The Lost City's theme gives an explorer feel. Stranded Ship's song was funky and shows off a powerful thing. Clockwork Tower had a tech-y feel that it somehow reminds me of Portal 2. The Flying Machine's stage song isbeautiful. Entrance's theme felt bombastic and victorious. Ascent was a quiet remix of the main theme, and you're so close to your goal. ????'s song was as creepy as Portal 2's Ghost of Rattman or SCPCB's ambience music. Then the finale boss, and the grand finale. Magnificent!Then we get new music for each Knight DLC. Plague Knight's new songs were a boatload of awesome. One felt clandestine, the others chaotic, and two so lovely and heartwarming. Considering that Virt mentioned in a youtube video of a let's play that he was going through so much at the time of these songs' creation, it definitely shows. He's brilliant, and the music is lovely. You should also go here for music, people."
,Recommended,250760,13538773,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Slushsoup,It's like a cross between Super Mario and Castlevaina.It's awesome! Highly recommend!It deserves all the hype that it's been credited!10/10
,Recommended,250760,11090387,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,warlockobo,"Shovel Knight is an excellent game. It pulls together the aspects of platforming that make the genre great, and then adds its own touches to make them even better. The art and music are beautifully well done, giving each level its own feel, and also creating a world to be immersed in. The story is not something that should be looked over, either. A story of heartbreak and vengeance. A quest to save his lost love, taken over by evil. The controls are smooth as silk and any mistakes or deaths are completely your own fault.  The only complaint I have is that it was a little short, but I can imagine someone getting a good 15 hours out of this game if they scrounged for collectibles and took more time to enjoy the little things. 9/10"
,Recommended,250760,11312345,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,madman,I dig it
76561198094824342,Recommended,250760,11237804,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,@@WB,"Shovel knight might be one of the best platformer games right now and could be one of the best games this year. The heavy emphases on gold and money is very unique because most games it is just get to the end, but in this game you want to get the money and gold to get secrets and power-ups. The power-ups can differ from shovel,armor,magic or health, all of these make the game more fun. The movement and the attacks feel very fluent and smooth even if you are using something besides the keyboard. Last thing for gameplay, the boss battles are a big challenge but fare at the same time and it feels good to defeat someone better then you.If you are someone how played and enjoyed Super Mario's 3, Ducktales and Mega Man you will love this game. The game has very funny dialogue for so of the characters and bosses. over all, Shovel knight is definitely worth 15 dollars and is very impressive for a indie game. I give Shovel knight a 4.6-5 as a rating, pick up this game if it even interest you."
76561197979456986,Recommended,250760,13307651,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,KaiserSose,"BEST RETRO GAME EVER 10/10Imagine Zelda meets Castelvania, meets Megaman, meets Ninja gaiden(the good one), meets Duck Tales, meets Dark souls.  Yep it's that good.   This game pays the ultimate tribute to some of the greats but not in a cheap knock off way. The pixel art is amazing and the level design and boss fights kept me pounding my fist only to feel rewarded with a swift dose of euphoria once I understood the patterns and got better.  Great job to the developers please make more games like this!!P.S I normally don't write reviews but this game was special."
,Recommended,250760,11478315,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Fudgez Jo Momma,One of the best games I have played in the last 10 years. Excellent level design and progression kept me coming back for more if you like platforming stop reading this and go buy!
76561198084239331,Recommended,250760,13441141,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Pepperoni Pizza,"A game where you play as a knight who beats up other knights with a shovel. Lovely.Pros:+Tight controls.+Excellent sound.+Great gameplay.+Mega Man style gameplay makes the game well replayable.Cons-Some items are rather broken, especially the phase locket.Easily one of the better indie games out there. Must play for anyone who enjoys action platformers."
,Recommended,250760,13712163,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tokan,"A glorious throwback to the games of old. If you grew up playing Super Mario, Mega Man and Castlevania this game will give you fantastic feelings of nostalgia. Glorious old school graphics with tight as hell gameplay mechanics with a fantastic soundtrack thrown into the mix. Well worth a purchase for ""old school"" gamers and post 90's gamers alike. Worth every penny at full price, and at a sale price it would be stupid to resist."
76561198071530606,Recommended,250760,21222907,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,gamer2424,Spade Paladin is great.
76561198228554548,Recommended,250760,29593142,Posted: 30 January,all,Joss,If you like Platformers get this game i can think of few flaws exept for the fact that the plague of shadows is unfortunatly a reskin with few deferances but i still think this is amazing. You should also pick it up soon because they are realising a new free dlc soon which will bump up the price. Your welcome
,Recommended,250760,11003627,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lukaz2009,"First things first: THIS GAME DESERVES YOUR MONEY! Don't wait and buy it when it is on sale, that would be doing a disservice to not only Yacht Club Games and Shovel Knight, but also yourself (This may or may nit be true).Now with that out of the way, let's start with my review.Story:Shovel Knight puts you in the shoes of the titular character as he travels throughout the land to stop ""The Order of No Quarter"" and ""The Enchantress"" with shovel in hand. That is really all that is needed of the plot, since the game is an homage of games past which also lacked in the plot department. This isn't a bad thing, since it has enough of a plot to give you an excuse for the adventure at hand.Graphics:Shovel Knight looks beautiful! Fantastic pixel art is on display for the whole journey, with each area having a distinct visual flavour to it. You'll travel to all sorts of fantastical locales, ranging from an ancient underground city to an airship in the skies.Each member of ""The Order of No Quarter"" also look fantastic, each having an interesting design to them.Sound:For the most part (read: 98% of the game), Shovel Knight has a wonderful chiptune soundtrack, each delightful tune is easy on the ears and you can find yourself humming along to each one. The sound effects are also excellent. They sound great, but never overpower the fantastic music. There was only ever one tune in the whole game I did not like, mainly because it sounded rather generic for where you are in the game.Gameplay:The only thing I can say about the controls in Shovel Knight is that they are sublime! Everytime you die, you can tell it was your fault for messing up a jump or taking a hit, not the game being cheap. Each time you die, you lose a portion of you gold, but it will float in bags until you collect them or die again, so you have a chance ro regain you lost gold. By the end of the intro stage, you'll have the basic controls mastered, and the game doesn't even tell you how to do any of the moves so you have to learn to do them on your own. The only thing the game tells you how to do is how to use your current relic, which is classic Catlevania controls (Up+Attack).Each level is wonderfully handcrafted so that you face a specific set of challenges in each stage. I only got stumped once on where to go in one of the stages because where I had to go looked like a bottomless pit. Each boss fight is unique in how they fight, and there are more bosses than just ""The Order of No Quarter"" and ""The Enchantress"".And unlike a game like Mega Man where you will tend to gravitate to one or two weapons, all the Relics in Shovel Knight are useful in some way or another. One of the first relics you can get is the Fishing Rod, which lets you see sparkling areas above bottomless pits which means you can get something worth while by dropping the fishing line and catching something there. Using the Fishing Rod is also required to get some of the secrets in the game, and there are a lot of secrets.Each stage is littered with secret areas, be they hidden alcoves or entirely hdden rooms, all of them found with only your wit and some with visual indications (each visual indication is unique to each stage as well). Within these secrets are a plethora of different challenges and rewards, ranging from chests with some bonus gold to new relics. The ones that contain relics have some sort of challenge you have to do in order to familiarize yourself with how the new relic works and to get out safely with all gold intact.There are two towns in the game, each with NPCs that you can talk to for some cute dialogue to merchants that will sell you various items. Standard town stuff. The world map works just like Super Mario Bros. 3, so it is pretty self explanitory.Conclusion:Shovel Knight is perfect in every way. Great controls great soundtrack, great graphics, and is a perfect homage to the games of yesteryear. With only one tiny blemish to speak of in my honest opinion.So my final verdict for Shovel Knight is to buy it without delay!"
,Recommended,250760,25322126,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Toffeebomb,"If you like platformers you'd like this game. Snappy music with actual effort, not just generic chiptunes. Also looks gorgeous for being pixel art."
76561198104567894,Recommended,250760,12002668,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Abdulaziz Alshoaiby,"Shovel knight is one of the best games i have played in my entire life! Shovel knight has a mixture of old school games like megaman,zelda,castlevania,etc. It is so hard but in a good way, you will rage a lot but it is rewarding at the end. This game is so exciting and entertaining. Shovel knight has the same plot of every old school game, save the princess, kill the witch/villian.In shovel knight you try to save shield knight from the enchantress while trying to defeat other knights like king knight, mole knight, specter knight, etc. and you go on adventures trying to get gold to buy armor and new shovel upgrades, and triying to find music sheets to give it to the bard so he can exchange it with 500 gold. Shovel knight in my opinion is one of the best games of 2013 i'd give it a 9/10."
76561198070468891,Recommended,250760,31053279,Posted: 9 April,all,Doctor Superfox,10/10
76561197995359368,Recommended,250760,15617462,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,JustinTimberlake,"ALL HAIL THE TROUPPLE KING!HALF TROUT AND HALF APPLE! PRONOUNCED LIKE 'MOUTHFUL'!HE'S ONE OF THOSE FOREST GODS, HERE TO HELP THOSE IN NEED.THE KING OF FRUIT AND FISH! LONG MAY HIS STEM GROW!"
,Recommended,250760,31338671,Posted: 24 April,all,Lodestar,you play as garden tool man on his adventure to stop magic lizard the gizzard wizard
,Recommended,250760,31337213,Posted: 24 April,all,threy,"I get endless joy from this game. The responsive controls, tight mechanics, explosive feel, gorgeous art style, hilarious humor, lovable characters, fair difficulty, fantastic DLCs... it's mind-blowing! Yacht Club Games are pouring so much love into it - I can't but adore their work."
,Recommended,250760,27710552,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Denerod,"An excellent platformer with a challenging difficulty, enjoyable story, solid gameplay, and great music.If you like the style and feel of retro platformers, give it a try."
76561198079921520,Recommended,250760,12143631,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ShadyBlaze,"Ok, I'l just be honest with this. I think Shovel Knight is a FANTASTIC game. The levels are EXTREMLY well designs and all completly unique and each bringing some new mechanic. The bosses are awesome and are unique as the levels themselves( My favorite is Specter Knight). But my few complaints have to be all the instant-death traps, always causing me to either fall into a bottomless pits, lava, and spites; Makeing me feel that my heath bar was useless, and some of the time you can't reclaim your money,and I died ALOT,  (Especialy Propeller Knight's and I have to give alot of respect to ANYONE that had completed the game without dying of falling into a bottomless pit). But that is about it. After the ever challenging final platform puzzles before the boss in each stage that I especialy always die on, you always feel the most satasfaction as you deliver the final blow on the Order of No Quater. And at the end of it I always want to do another level. And when you leave or finish the game, you always will feel, Wow, that was the best game ever. And I can't recomend this game enough."
,Recommended,250760,23841845,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Blaze,"If you like platformers you will love this, it has all the elements of what makes these type of games great and more! It's not as hard as traditional platformers albeit some parts of levels will frustrate you but that's the fun of it!My only gripe is that the main story is too short! I collected every item and completed every stage in around 4 hours. There is some extra content as well as NG+ that I haven't delved into as it's just some quirky extras to get more of the game.Nevertheless you can see the quality in the game by just how much effort was put into crafting this, so it's a defnite buy."
,Recommended,250760,12239662,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Archaotic,"One of the very few indie games that uses nostalgia as it was meant to be used, rather than as a crutch.  Excellent soundtrack, as well!"
,Recommended,250760,11954890,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,CobaltBW,"Shovel Knight is incredibly well designed.At first inspection, it may appear to be just a derivative 8-bit platformer that just borrows elements from Ducktales and Megaman, but not only does it share its ancestors' best traits, it also throws in a lot of its own gameplay mechanics that makes for an interesting and well fleshed out experience.There are no lives in this game, so you can infinitely respawn at checkpoints. Where Shovel Knight diverges from the drivel of most game's checkpoints systems is that it has an attached risk-reward system. You can bust the checkpoints and receive more gold, but when you die, you lose gold and have to return to that part of the stage to collect it... and if you busted the checkpoint, returning to that part of the level just becomes much more difficult. It's a means to the same ends as the traditional lives/game over system, but comes with the benefits of being more dynamic and player-controlled, and hence makes replaying stages more interesting.The game is quick to get you right in on the action, but it also successfully manages to get the player to care about the story. You can talk to characters, there's an intro cutscene, and several quips of dialogues between Shovel Knight and the boss characters (all of which can be skipped), but what really sets Shovel Knight's story apart is how it melds it into the gameplay, with my favorite design trick being the dream sequence. After the first level, Shovel Knight dreams that Shield Knight is falling, and the player is told to catch her. There is no punishment for failing this. You can just let her fall, wake up and go the next level. But the player WANTS to catch her, he WANTS to succeed in this dream. And when you get out of your dream, you have to wake up yourself, then you can choose how to exit the cutscene. This cutscene is repeated and expanded upon into bonus minigames (""Save her from the monsters!"") and the whole thing is completely optional.This is damn good story design. Giving the player these moments where they are given direct control over story events creates an emotional attachment to the characters. It establishes a motivating drive for the player which intrinsically ties gameplay to story. And it's all designed in a way that is nonobstructive to gameplay, but rather benefits it by creating clear motivations and expectations for the player. Ever seen Egoraptor's rants on Ocarina of Time in his Sequelitis episode? This is the exact opposite of that. The plot is clear cut. There's no convoluted JRPG story arc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It's just a gameplay-driven story, where the story serves the gameplay instead of the other way around -- a design type I would like to see a lot more of.The lore is quite well-fleshed out and enjoyable to explore, but the game's other artistic aspects do not falter behind. The pixel art in this game is gorgeous, enemies are charismatic, well-animated, and diverse in theme and design, and the music... well, the music is created by Jake Kaufman; I think that speaks for itself.The game is kinda short but has a lot of replay value. All of the items are unique and fun to use, New Game+ and the achievements (which, by the way, actually all feel really fun and skillful to pursue, unlike a lot of other games' achievement systems) offer lots of ways to amp up the difficulty and explore different aspects of the gameplay, and the stages themselves are well laid out and filled to the brim with secrets.I will nitpick on what I think are some of the game's design flaws though:* There is a disparity in the difficulty of platforming compared to the difficulty of combat. Shovel Knight doesn't throw any cheap shots at you, but it does punish you with instant death whenever you miss your jump on certain areas. This is fine of course, games as old as Super Mario Bros. do this; but you can take up to twenty hits from the enemies themselves, and the stages are full of instant health refill items. I'm personally far less afraid of the bosses than I am of certain platforming segments, and it's of no fault of either element; it's just how the game's punishment system works. If it were me, I would have toned down the player's health a little bit, but I also would have integrated some sort of Dynamite Headdy-style or Zelda-style death pit system, where the player doesn't instantly die and has a chance to recover after falling.* Phase Locket is easy mode. Doesn't seem like a problem in a non-competitive non-multiplayer game, but it kind of is because it detracts from the player's incentive to experiment with other items. I have to deliberately avoid this item in order to feel like I'm playing the game correctly. This is something I can forgive if the item took a lot of skill to overpower the rest of the selection, but it's pretty disappointing when you realize its power on your first or second playthrough.* This is kind of personal preference more than anything, but I kinda do like the old lives system better at times. Finite retries creates a tension where the risk of having to start all over heavily incentivizes the player to rethink his plan of action.... Losing money works to the same end while also having a more dynamic checkpoint system attached to it, but because it's just money, it's not always as effective of a motivation as the traditional lives system was.I'd recommend this game to anyone who is interested in platformers, but I'd also recommend this to anyone who's not interested in platformers and just wants a jump-start into the genre. It's easy to get into, has a lot of gameplay depth, and is very immersive for its genre. I can think of very few platformers that would rank as high as this in terms of gameplay quality. At $15, it is easily worth your money; I already have this game for both the WiiU and PC, and I don't regret either purchase."
,Recommended,250760,13983047,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Whydoyoubark,STEEL THY SHOVEL!PROS:+ EVERYTHINGCONS:- none
76561198169137890,Recommended,250760,23773780,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,gloob,"Been wanting this game for a few months now and I'm really glad I did. The game has that early NES game feel(of course it does, being based off of those): Super fun, but at the same time, very challenging, as well. Think of it as Super Mario Bros. and Zelda 2, but not as hard as Zelda 2. :p I recommend this game if you want a good challenge with some nonlinearity(sort of). As of writing this review, it's about $10 on sale, so pick this up before the sale ends!"
76561198009702779,Recommended,250760,22228002,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bard,"When it comes to Kickstarter I've always been rather skeptical, unfortunately it's become a bastion for hacks to make broken promises and release unfinished titles, which makes me apprehensive to ever donate to any Kickstarter title. Shovel Knight however is the exception to the rule, as the most polished title I've ever seen come from a Kickstarter campaign I can definitely say that this game comes highly recommended and with yet more free content on the horizon, Shovel Knight is the gift that just keeps on giving.Clearly inspired by the NES era of gaming and with obvious nods to the classics of old (specifically the Megaman series, a fond favourite of mine) this game delivers on all fronts. With a quality sound track, imaginative art direction and larger than life characters, this challenging platformer delivers on everything it promises. I had been looking forward to this game for a long time and picked it up at launch, but waited to write a review because I was so impressed with it that I really wanted to do it justice. After experiencing some recent disappointment with hyped up Kickstarter titles (namely Hyperlight Drifter) I felt now was the best time to share my love for Shovel Knight in the hopes that more passionate developers will find inspiration in the example set by Yacht Club Games and that indie gaming can return to being less about unwanted hipster drama and more about quality gameplay from developers who genuinely care about the medium.If being impressed by the base game wasn't enough Yacht Club released the first of a number of free DLCs in the form of Plague Knight's adventure, one of the bosses from the base game whose story you can now play through to see how he ended up in the position he's in when you encounter him as Shovel Knight. Not only did this DLC manage to be surprisingly different from the base game both in terms of how Plague Knight plays and offering his own seperate story, but it also managed to keep things fresh by having a very different feel and adding a dash of extra humour to the character to make the initially creepy Plague Knight actually seem surprisingly sympathetic, funny and dare I say somewhat lovable. This leaves me very confident that the upcoming DLC adventures will by just as polished and I have to say I am really looking forward to them.Shovel Knight is easily up there with the best of Indie titles, alongside such great games as Cave Story and Freedom Planet, I really can't recommend this game enough! For those of you who have fond memories of the NES era and younger gamers who want a retro experience, you really can't go wrong with Shovel Knight, so do yourself a favour and get shovelling for shovelry!"
,Recommended,250760,10998639,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wolf,"Shovel Knight is a ""retro"" game that's done the way it should be. The graphics have that artsy and yet truly-retro feel, the gameplay is fun and challenging with various secrets and reasons to replay, and the soundtrack is simply brilliant. From the very first stage you're already bathing in musical heaven. Also you're a knight, fully clad in armour wielding a shovel. Few games will offer you that role.And remember, only YOU can prevent forest fires."
,Recommended,250760,12577083,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Casemin,"The TIGHTEST controls for a retro 8-bit game I've seen since Megaman. With the fun of Castlevania and Old Zelda. Great GRAMPHICS, huh, great GRAMEPLAY. Game of the year every year!"
,Recommended,250760,31121255,Posted: 13 April,all,NoRealIntention,"This game is just great. From start to finish it has this thing where its never too easy or too frustrating. It's like that perfect balance of a game. And the devs know this because there is no difficulty presets. They also add on to this with completely original music that fits the gameplay, which is phenominaly and original in its own way. Every character you play comes in a free update, and its always a fresh and new experience. Overall this is one of my favorite games of all time. I would recommend you don't buy this on sale in order to help out the devs of this amazing game."
,Recommended,250760,14768879,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ricktiminus Sancheziminius,"Right off the bat,Shovel Knightis an amazing 2D platformer game, and easily one of my favorite recent games. The game has a strong reminiscence of early Nintendo games, a lot likeMegaman,Castlevania, andThe Legend of Zelda, while producing it's very own unique storyline and gameplay.Playing as the titular protagonist 'Shovel Knight' as he goes on a quest to rescue his beloved Shield Knight, you progress through many different stages of the game, all ranging from plains, to a volcano, underwater, in the air, and more; the levels are very detailed with hard boss battles and plenty of secrets. The game overall gets progressively hard and I cannot express how many times I would get frustrated over my deaths. You're able to purchase useful relics, armor and weapon upgrades, have the ability to use magic, and find collectible music sheets; there's also random boss encounters and side stages where you can do different tasks.I totaled myself up with 12 hours lonesome on this indie game, and enjoyed everything about it. Even though the game came out in 2014 and has retro-styled graphics, I thoroughly loved playing it and is a great example of how these retro games can still be dominant over others. From the cliché, yet original, storyline and characters, to a wide range of useful trinkets, the game is a must-play whether or not you've ever played old-school Nintendo games, or retro games in general."
76561198039585522,Recommended,250760,12240492,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,"That one 8-bit style kickstarter game that ended up being better than ♥♥♥♥ing Metroid Fusion.  Hell it's even better than my nostalgic memories of Metroid Fusion.  What can I say, it delivers in spades."
,Recommended,250760,33479054,Posted: 12 July,all,Aled,This game is so fun. It's excellent! I really recommend this game.
,Recommended,250760,14492277,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Agent,"IN THY NAME OF THE TROUPPLE KING,KING OF ALL FRUIT AND FISH,THOU SHALT BUY THIS GAME! HAIL THE TROUPPLE KING! KING OF ALL FRUIT AND FISH,LONG MAY HIS STEM GROW!"
76561197978804316,Recommended,250760,11047791,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,rareWhiteTRASH,"Nostalgic graphics (NES era).  Great chiptune music.  Punishing difficulty.  Tight controls.  Checkpoints (Thank GOD!)  Secrets.  Shovels.  What else do you need?  If you like Mega Man, or other challenging old school games, then this game is for you!"
76561198003069510,Recommended,250760,16710296,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,HarVeeGee,"A grab-bag of mechanics from NES classics like Duck Tales, Super Mario and Megaman, infused with the some of the best elements of modern game design, with liberal dashes of humour and a surprisingly compelling story made affecting in a way which couldn't be accomplished in any other medium.It's a cracker."
76561198313894420,Recommended,250760,26255438,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Burgundy Bandit,"Shovel Knight is a great game. It makes me want just jump into the game, push shovel knight off a ledge and i'll do all the work cuz i want too. Other than that it has the best music (very fitting music), has a lot of implements from many different classic games i cant count even count the amount of them, its basically a rebirth of several of them.  I just want to give the game to every one who i know on all platforms. overall its awesome and i wanna get on a grand adventure.   TWICE!!!!(btw can't wait for the specter knight DLC) :)"
,Recommended,250760,12155564,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,jskz,"The game is a classic.  Gameplay mechanics and stunning artwork feature endless homage to the best of the 8-bit and 16-bit era of retro platformer gaming.  The controls are pixel perfect, the upgrades are fun and thoughtful - there is a relatively low skill floor, but high skill ceiling.  Most will find themselves quickly in the mashing downstab trap.  This is ok.  You should do this.  Downstab all days.  Soundtrack by virt is unforgettable and catchy.  I can't recommend this game enough."
76561197993823432,Recommended,250760,24718312,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,some Guy,"Great retro style game, impressed that there are two complete play throughs with separate story lines.  Music is cool, platforming is good and is a well put together game.  However reminded that I now no longer have the patience for platforming games, especially with knock back mechanics which I hate and this game is programmed perfectly for enemies to one shot kill you constantly!"
,Recommended,250760,11514315,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kragor,pretty fun platformer with more free content on the way.
,Recommended,250760,34776290,Posted: 6 September,all,🐶🎃Spoopy Doge🎃🐶,Best 2d platformer of the year.
,Recommended,250760,35426930,Posted: 2 October,all,Retronyx,"Amazingly well polished game. Each map is inventive, uses new obstacles, enemies and the soundtrack has a great feeling and drive to it. With three different playable characters, the story in each playthrough is changed and enhanced through new abilities and story elements. 10/10 for me."
76561198041497100,Recommended,250760,35489507,Posted: 5 October,all,Poltron,"AWESOME platformer, I recommend this game if you like a challenge. This game offers more than one story line which is fantastic AND a new game + when you are done with the campagn."
,Recommended,250760,13086617,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,HawkwardTortuga,"I bought this game for my steam library after beating it on my friend's Wii U. He went back to his house and took it with him so I figured I would buy it again.As mentioned above this game is good enough for me to be completely okay with beating it and then buying it again with the intent to finish it a second time.The gameplay is very reminiscent of your classic 2D 8-bit platformer and it gives gamers of that era a feeling of nostalgia and the art is delightful and vividly colored. The music is catchy and really incredible, again, with the 8-bit sound.10/10 would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,250760,11386054,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,MasterLuigi452,"In a simpler term, Megaman + Duck Tales.Grab it now."
76561198046866700,Recommended,250760,11554215,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Satan the Turtlegod,"Imagine if someone put Duck Tales, Classic Megaman, Classic Castlevania, and Super Mario Bros. 3 into a blender, and you'll get something like Shovel Knight....or a video game smoothie, whatever works. This game is fun and challenging. A fantastic platformer. If you are a fan of platformers and classic games from the NES and SNES era, this game would make a fantabulous addition to your library."
76561198043238459,Recommended,250760,11295543,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,tralalyles,"Shovel Knight was a game that I have followed from day one, and unfortunately, could not support it through Kickstarter. I always knew that it was going to be an amazing game that easily surpasses other games attempting to be retro, yet fresh. I'll say it now, Shovel Knight is the best game that I've played in years. This game's controls are all SNES-TIGHT (that's a good thing). You can easily follow the momentum of Shovel Knight as he runs and jumps. The difficulty is perfectly in place for the era it is portraying and truly feels like a SNES game. The penalties for dying aren't unforgiving, but it's enough to make you think twice before running around without precaution in certain areas. In the game, you have to collect treasure to earn money and buy upgrades for your health, magic, and equipment. This adds a very nice drive to exploring all of the secret areas available in order to become as strong as possible. On top of superb music, bosses, level design, and a ""perfectly basic story,"" (in the sense that it's not complex because it doesn't need to be for this type of game, which is another good thing) the shovel is what makes this game EXTREMELY unique; you can do so many things with it, like finding magical weapons that a hidden merchant will give you in secret areas of the levels throughout the game. Everything about this game is absolutely fantastic! I literally walked away from this game after beating it with nothing bad to say about it. If you are a gamer that appreciates well-made retro games, it is an absolute must-buy that I would recommend everyone playing."
76561198036570003,Recommended,250760,19656765,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,perrydactyl,Yo I really love this game. And it continues to exceed my expectations with every expansion.Here's my Shovel Knight Review!And another video about what makes Plague Knight campaign unique and fun!
76561197974301495,Recommended,250760,30993263,Posted: 7 April,all,McBacon,Als je van klassieke platformers houdt kun je niet de mist in gaan met Shovel Knight. SK is een afstammeling van de megaman bloedlijn en heeft hele scherpe mechanics en uitdagende levels. SK is minder geschikt voor mensen die niet tegen frustratie kunnen want om het spel uit te spelen heb je zeker goede skills nodig.
,Recommended,250760,12289964,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,pingeee,"If you whined about lack of good old platformers for a while, this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mix of castlevania/duck tales, but with a shovel. Strike the earth!"
,Recommended,250760,24460694,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BusinessPenguin,This is my favorite platforming game by far. Each level has new mechanics and the story is really charming. I have played through it three times now and I am really enjoying it still
,Recommended,250760,22855521,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Shalom,"Shovel Knight is a delightful reminder even today that the Indie Industry is still pumping out great quality games. Shovel Knight demonstartes this through wonderful controls that feel nice and are very responsive,great platforming that never feels cheap and you know you can do better, it also has an amazing score and the nostalgic graphics aren't bad but they aren't 3d models obviuosly. Shovel Knight is a must have for anyone who loves platformers."
,Recommended,250760,12438646,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Cquickie in the bathroom,"Amazing Game, bought it yesterday. already got 6 hours and I don't even think I got that far! it's a retro old school style game, I'll call it a mix between Zelda 2/Megaman and Castlevania, and yeah, the music is awesome as well! 10/10!"
,Recommended,250760,22270100,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,LordBasset,"While I suspected retro indies were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this has proven the opposite to me.  I have never had such a joy in platformers ever since I played Mario Bros Deluxe on Gameboy color.The game looks cool, it got very simple but perfect controls and a remarkable soundtrack.It also got the classic difficulty of old platformers, which sometimes does feel a bit exaggerated (dying tens of times by touching spikes and falling in holes), but this could also be because I got used to the infinite checkpoints in modern style games.If you doubt whether you will like this or not, just think of how it was to play the classic Mario Bros."
,Recommended,250760,13133309,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,plmrjosh,Execellent game! Perfect combination of retro platforming  along with perfect controls and new mechanics. But it has a somewhat steep learning mechanic.
,Recommended,250760,27545119,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FrenchFry,S'pretty good.You swing a shovel at stuff.
,Recommended,250760,14403127,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Failsnake,"Shovel Knight hits every note perfectly.The Gameplay is excellent, you need to get used to some of the mechanics for a bit but it still feel great , plus there are enough challenges to make you come back.The Story while simple is still enjoyable due to all the puns and characters that are all memorable in their own way.The soundtrack feels like there is an orgy in my ears (THAT GOOD) , Jake Kaufman really outdid himself and did a kickass jobI am also a sucker for that 8bit approach they took and I really loved all the throwback to classic such as Megaman , Ducktales and Castlevania .It deserves every penny that it costs. BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198082788355,Recommended,250760,13687681,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TRH,"Shovel Knight ranks among the top of the heap of platformers.Any fan of retro titles like Megaman 2, Super Mario World, or DuckTales will absolutely love this game.Unfortunately with any retro platformer you can expect some difficult levels and areas of the game.The levels get progressively harder, but your skills will have improved enough to push through.No matter how hard or frustrating it gets, Shovel Knight is definitely a loot quest.What I mean is this: You will collect tons of cash throughout each level, and that cash can be usedto buy items, upgrade, and even more loot. The game does not use a lives system like most traditional 2D games,but drops cash every time you die. This may sound easy, but reclaiming your ~$1000 every time you die makes thingsmuch more serious. Many times have I gotten stuck on one screen of the game trying in vain to collect a bag of cash containing $600 and dying again.Money may be the main focus of the game, but that doesn't mean it is essential. Upgrade-less runs are entirely possible, albeit difficult. Even if you aren't attempting to reclaim any cash, you will still get stuck on some setpiece screens, fights, or jumping puzzles of the game. Early in the game I found a level that was particularly dificult compared to the rest and, unaware of the game's shenanigans, proceeded to spend 15 minutes trying to pass 1 checkpoint."
,Recommended,250760,13257077,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,liljerk,"If you ever owned a NES, you need to own this game."
,Recommended,250760,11026178,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Zoolooman,"This game legitimately combines the best parts of many NES games to create a coherent, well designed action platformer. The retro aesthetic is extremely well done, never failing to be animated, readable and cute. It's hard in all the right ways without being insane. I suggest it to any fan of NES platformers."
,Recommended,250760,11112490,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,JerseyMilker,"Incredible game!  So many games claim to be ""8-bit"" these days, but nothing has come as close as Shovel Knight in my opinion.  Apart from the widescreen aspect ratio and subtle parallax backgrounds, the gameplay is very NES feeling.  If you loved NES games like Mega Man, Duck Tales, Castlevania, etc., this game will hit your nostalgia button hard!  However, it's gameplay stands on it's own, and is far from a clone.The combat itself is simple, with a forward slash and down slash/pogo mechanic that feels very similar to Duck Tales.  Shovel attacks can be upgraded, and there are purchasable Castlevania-esque relics which give you magical combat abilities as well.  The map is structured like Mario 3, with main stages and mini-stages.  The stages themselves feel very similar in structure to both Mega Man and Duck Tales, with separate screens, lots of secrets, and engaging boss battles to conclude each stage.  The music is also very well done (and can be purchased on Virt's bandcamp for ""name your price"").  Shovel Knight is full of references to many NES greats, but it has it's own charm and feels fresh and unique in a really good way.I think the best feature of the game is the checkpoint system.  Checkpoints operate on a really nice risk/reward mechanic subtly reminiscent of Dark Souls.  The player has unlimited lives and checkpoints are free to use... However, you can destroy most checkpoints for extra gold and challenge (there is even a feat/achievement which encourages the player to complete the whole game by destroying all checkpoints).  I felt like the gold income vs. upgrade costs kept me hunting for gold, and encouraged me to destroy checkpoints for that extra income.  Yacht Club did a great job with this checkpoint system because it caters to both novice and expert players.  After you finish your first playthrough, NG+ mode doubles enemy damage and cuts over half of the checkpoints out of the game.  The best part about this system is that challenge is available for players like me who want it, but my young children can still enjoy this game as well.Lastly, in addition to NG+ mode, the game has some nice feats/achievements to add another layer of replay value (eg. destroy all checkpoints, finish the game without dying, finish the game in less than 1:30, and more).  There's also a hidden element to the game which adds a TON of new ways to play... For example, it's possible to run the game NG+, no starting items, faster movement, and 1 hit deaths!  I won't spoil anymore :)TL;DR... Buy this game <3"
,Recommended,250760,12282888,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Trashy Meme,DUDE YOU HAVE THIS GAME IF NOT THEN HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥YOUR MISSING OUT YOU MUST GET IT!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250760,30571643,Posted: 17 March,all,Kashiyuka's Legs,"Do you like platformers? If so, play Shovel Knight.Do you like retro gaming? If so, play Shovel Knight.Do you have hands? If so, play Shovel Knight.Do you have working eyes? If so, play Shovel Knight.Do you wish to put off the inevitable collapse of human civilization into near-primal anarchy just a little while longer? If so, play Shovel Knight.By the way, I highly recommend playing with some form of controller. An Xbox 360 did wonders for me."
,Recommended,250760,12433271,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Jayson,"I would like to start by getting this out of the way: Shovel Knight is easily one of my favorite games of 2014. If you're a fan of platformers at all, or you've tried to go back and play classics and been put off by their difficulty, Shovel Knight is a perfect game to start with. While it looks retro, it does an incredible job of melding modern game design with familiar highly refined mechanics and controls to create one of the best games I've played this year.The story is about 6 or so hours long and full of optional bosses, secrets in each level, and loads of entertaining achievements to try for that give you an extra level of challenge if that's what you're looking for. There is a ton of replayability here, especially considering there is a new game + available as soon as you beat the game the first time that makes the game significantly harder. Also, let's not forget the music -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysCxbfg1VvY. I've finished the game multiple times between 3ds and PC and would be more than happy to ditch any of this holiday seasons major releases in favor of going back to Shovel Knight a few more times.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,250760,29022090,Posted: 4 January,all,Pumpkin nigga,"ProsSweet OSTEncouraging yet challenging level design with many secretsHigh replay value with codes, modes and more incomingPlauge KnightConsIdk"
,Recommended,250760,11668166,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jerakal,"Best game I've played in months.If you are or were a fan of classic platformers like Megaman, Metroid, and Castlevania, you will find something to love in this game.  Charming graphics that perfectly compliment the music, palette, and character design all wrapped up in a tight bow of the tighest controls wrapped around a box of solid gold game design.Unwrap this gift.  It's for you."
,Recommended,250760,30958304,Posted: 5 April,all,Vortexia,Amazing game and controls. And music. And everything
76561198166015663,Recommended,250760,15678274,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sigismund Dijkstra,The best platformer of this century. Hands down.
,Recommended,250760,23834475,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,l00t daddy,"Great game. But greatly angers me, because it's actually semi-difficult. Definitely worth the $10.04 (Summer sale)."
,Recommended,250760,18986371,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,BOTlore,"(TL;DR at the bottom if you don't wanna read the review.)What do you get when you combine years and years of gaming childhood, put it in a blender with a bit of modern charm and let it spin for a long time?You get Shovel Knight, an action-platformer inspired by Mega Man, Ducktales and Castlevania, although, it's really, really, really a lot of Mega Man.Once upon a time in a unknown land filled with danger and treasure, there were many adventures and adventurers looking to earn their fair share, but none were as good as Shovel Knight and Shield Knight, both had a lot of treasure and had a unbreakable companion ship, however, after attempting to bite off more than they could chew, Shield Knight got sealed in The Tower Of Fate, Shovel Knight wakes up to her not being there, and goes into a life of grief, with no proper heroes to fend off the evils of the land, the Enchantress hired seven knights with selfish interests, (Kinda.) and together, they formed the Order of No Quarter, and as evil starts to consume the land, Shovel Knight steps in to put an end to them, and defeat the Enchantress at the Tower Of Fate.So...how many of you are getting NES excuse plot vibes so far?All of you?Good, that's the point, Shovel Knight puts a lot of it's focus on it's gameplay and presentation, it's a huge love letter to old NES games and it starts by focusing on the core essentials of a game like it.The graphics are very dedicated to keeping a NES feel while also not sacrificing certain things for fidelity such as paralax scrolling, although, it does try to keep it's fidelity of certain harmless limitations, such as when the player jumps in front of the HUD and instead of the HUD going over the player, the player goes over the HUD, due to old SNES games making the HUD be part of the background sprites, the color pallete is also very limited, with only a few ""cheating"" colors.The music, composed by Jake ""Virt"" Kaufman i- I DON'T NEED TO SAY ANYTHING, JUST GO LISTEN, IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING RIDICULOUSLY GOOD, THERE IS NO YMMV HERE, ALL OF THEM ARE GOOD IF NOT INHUMANLY FANTASTIC.My personal favorites are ""Fighting With All Our Might"" ""An Underlying Problem"" and ""The Decadent Dandy.""The gameplay...oooooh boy...it's...well...Ever heard of the trope ""Nintendo Hard"" ?Yeah.The game owns up to the glory of NES difficulty, but not to ridiculous levels, just enough to make you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, but never enough to make you ragequit, however, there are some problems with the ""NES difficulty"" part, y'see...Due to it being inspired by Mega Man, it also copies the whole ""level gimmick"" thing, now, there is a difference in having a bottomless pit with platforms, and having a underwater bottomless pit with spikes on the ceiling and platforms that float upwards to make you hit the spikes.Yeeeeeah, the game can be kind of a little TOO hard with the fidelity sometimes, to the point of it even being a bit unfair, some levels can be very hard and trial and error, but while those are passable, THE TOWER OF FATE; ASCENT CAN GO BURN IN A FIRE AND THE GUY WHO DESIGNED IT SHOULD GET ONE LESS PENNY AT THE END OF THE MONTH FOR IT.Oh, and you can also get different armor, relics and upgrades to yourself and your shovel using the gold you find in levels, although, you can just grind the first level over and over and you will have all the money you'll need.Putting aside a it's few flaws, Shovel Knight is a fantastic game, and I urge you to try it, the developers are constantly putting a lot of love into it and there is free DLC content on the way, although, I'm not sure when, and one of them have been released as the Plague Knight campaign.TL;DR Shovel Knight is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, play it right now."
76561198148835452,Recommended,250760,20739507,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Kundalini,"This game is hands down one of my favorite games, and if you want to know more about the game before you play it, watch Game Grumps do their playthrough of it right here.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRQGRBgN_EnofrMfY-obtMTehPihRhIve"
,Recommended,250760,20706705,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Heavy The Squid,Best 8bit game :D
,Recommended,250760,18292038,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,-Dresden-,"It's a great game and you can't go wrong here if you like platformers. It's very reminiscent of Mega Man, but still feels very fresh in its ideas and gameplay. Like Mega Man, you go through 8 or so themed boss characters and move onto a final boss. Unlike Mega Man, it has a simple overworld map where you can choose your next destination, be it a boss level, or a town where you can buy upgrades for Shovel Knight. The music is amazing, and probably my favorite part of the game. Again, it's very Mega Man inspired, but much more elaborate than something you could do on a NES.The difficulty is just right for the most part, though I did feel like I wanted to punch someone a few times in Plague of Shadows. Great game overall. Pick it up."
,Recommended,250760,28137333,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Arntor,"Shovel Knight merecia uma nota muito alta pelo conteúdo original. A promessa de DLCs dos 3 boss parecia interessante, mas não acho que alguém pensava que o Plague of Shadows acrescentaria tanto ao jogo, mudando totalmente a jogabilidade, história e design. Vendo o trailer do Specter of Torment e o quanto estão caprichando além do que já capricharam no Plague, esse é um dos jogos que serve de exemplo pra todas softhouses nessa época nebulosa de DLCs ruins e caros, microtransações e falsas promessas."
,Recommended,250760,13406293,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Court,"After beating it I started new game plus. ""Not nintendo difficult they said"""
,Recommended,250760,10907166,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Salmon,"Shovel Knight: A Vibrant Homage to the Successes of the PastThis game draws in influences from the era of 2D platformers on the SNES and outputs a modern, beautifully crafted game that would be attractive to those whom are veterans of the genre or newcomers alike.The game revolves around you, theShovel Knight.Your objective is linear in story but wide in scope. Stop the""Enchantress.""As she has taken over the land. Yes, not groundbreaking but the story works for this game. The narrative is not even the primary focus, yet it has been entwined with fantastically witty lines and subtle references which offer a tribute to the era of video games it draws in a large majority of it's core concepts from.Gameplay is quick, but not twitch like. This is not your twitch reaction platformer, this is not Super Meat Boy. The game allows breathing space for thinking and planning before moving across the stage. Your repetoire of moves consist of a shovel strike and a Mario-esque curb stomp from above. Extra abilites like shooting fireballs for example; can be aquired later into the game.The world map is a spitting image of Super Mario 3's. A top down scrolling area of different locations you may choose to conqueor. Your main hub is the town. The town is where the RPG element kicks in. As upgrades to your health and magical power can be purchased from merchants, along with other little things here and there. If you are looking for a vast expanse of customisation, this is not the game for you. The gameplay, first and foremost focuses on completeing area after area and slaying boss after boss.Speaking of levels, the difficulity of the game rivals that of older ninja Gaiden games, stage after stage of environments and enemies for you conqueor. A somehwat generous health pool and semi-frequent checkpoints offer some saving grace from death and gold that is lost on death is able to be re-collected from the place of your demise.Boss fights lay at the end of every level and is one of the things that Shovel Knight really gets right. Every fight challenges you and most importantly, the bosses react to your movements, if a corrupted knight boss see's you try to hit him from above, he will quickly dodge back into the air for example. Fights are long enough they provide a sustained challenge and the repotoire of their moves is varied enough for the fight to feel fresh and exciting on all fronts.The music that accompanies Shovel Knight are orginal chiptunes that suit the area your are venturing in and provide a wonderful background to your quest.Shovel Knight is a platformer, through and through. The vibrant bit graphics and charming narrative provide a wonderful base to some of the most smooth, fluid and inituitive platforming gameplay I have seen in years. The game started off as a wonderful Idea in the first place butYacht Club Gamesreally polished it to be one of my favourite games of 2014 so far. Hands down.No number score because this game can't be limited to a arbituary value out of 10 but I reccommend it."
,Recommended,250760,11309653,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ryumi,"This game.Oh my goodness gracious,THIS GAME.Before I got Shovel Knight, I knew little to nothing about it, and I was actually deciding between buying either this or Rayman Origins. A friend suggested I get this instead. I did so.My already high expectations (as I had heard it was really good,) were blown away by just how masterfully crafted this game is.Imagine, several fondly-remembered NES platformers (Mega-Man, SMB, Castlevania, etc.) were merged together, slowly but surely.It is then carefully finished up as all of the awful tropes we hated in said games (sudden unexpected deaths, weird stiff controls, etc.) are picked out and thrown away.Now imagine it being coated in original ideas, an AMAZING soundtrack (I'm a sucker for amazing music,) and a whole lot of heart from the dev team.With this, you get Shovel Knight.The difficulty is surely not child-level, but suprisingly not hair-tearingly frustratingly difficult. I beat around half of the bosses of this game on the first try (Including some I'm sure infuriated others possibly, (coughcoughpolarknightcoughspecterknightcough) but not because they were too easy to me, oh no. They were damn hard, to be sure. But it was because the game is sofairwith its difficulty. You remember those days in NES games when you were given like, no reaction time to an enemy's attack, or a trap that instanly kills you?Yeah, this game has NONE of that.If you die, it's on you: It still has many places where you can instantly die here, oh yeah, but it gives youjust barelyenough time to quickly react to them all.This game takes all the good things in old games, only the good things, and adds in a special, original flair of its own.TENOUTTATEN."
,Recommended,250760,11927838,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Metal Socks,"Honestly, this pretty much does a lot right of being a nostalgic retro game that most indie devs seem to try to replicate, but only do it the aesthesis of those games and not gameplay. This feels like it belongs on the NES, or even some Gameboy games.This is seriously a real good attempt at being those types of games. It is very worth the price and I can whole heart-fully recommend it on Wii U or 3DS, which is if you have either one of them, just for an all round fun experience.I really dig it."
,Recommended,250760,10967128,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Logined,This game is the most awesome thing for the last 5 years. It brings me back to my very nes childhood. amazing soundrtack! Outsanding atmosphere!And that dialogs made me cry out of happiness.So much win!Cyneþrymm toeacan thy Developer's team!
,Recommended,250760,10912355,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,gaar!!,"Hits all the right, ""wake-up-at-6am-on-a-Saturday-just-to-play-NES-games"" places. Great music, and good level of challenge. Sadly the only game I've spent more than three hours straight playing in the past couple of months... easily worth the $15."
76561198021849511,Recommended,250760,30977239,Posted: 6 April,all,Huju,Is good.
,Recommended,250760,10921722,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MemPhiZ ZX - #Fight4UrNewHome,"My review on Shovel Knight:This game is a 2D platforming game with lots of NES flair thrown into it. The graphic, the soundtrack etc. The story is a knight caled Shovel Knight who use a shovel (duh) as weapon of choice goes to battle other knights and fight the final boss. The story is not so remarkable and you can see the plot from miles away. No plotholes though. Story progression is so like Megaman (big fan here); fight 8 bosses, go to final stage, re-fight the bosses again, then fight the final boss in 2 round fight. So if you're into great story and plot, you gotta lower your expectation for this game.The best part is the gameplay. As I mentioned before, this is 2D platforming, so lots of jumping involved. There are many things you can do with your shovel; attack enemies, dig treasures, pogo jump like in Duck Tales, upgrade it to add special attack, bury dead bodies.... forget the last one. There is no difficulty setting, but there is New Game+ which is harder than normal; enemies do more damage, less checkpoints. There are music sheet s to collect if you're into collecting stuff. You can upgrade health and magic in the game with money. There's no heart upgrade or find4-pieces-to-upgrade stuff. You also need money to get upgrades for armor and shovel. And to buy relics.Unlike Megaman games whre you get special weapon from bosses, this one doesn't have it. Instead, you get relics which is usually buy from store. You can find the store inside the town or secret places in the stages. The relics cost magic when used si you cannot spam them. Some for only help killing the enemis while some helps with the platforming stuff like the sword (air dash ftw) and phase amulet. Relics are fun to use, so experiment with all of them.Graphic? It's 8-bit style. Need to say more?The soundtracks is 8-bit music. So if you're not in 8-bit music style, you have hard time listening to it in the entire game. I personally enjoyed the music as well as other 8-bit music from other game. You can listen to the soundtrack for free herehttp://virt.bandcamp.com/album/shovel-knight-original-soundtrackThere are some things that I don't like in the game. No double jump (really??), boss fights are kinda too easy, the health tank are cheap way to win a boss fight in normal mode, story itself is not interesting.There will be more feature added as mentioned in their Kickstarter page. I totally recommend this game for platforming fans, especially those who appreciate the old NES 8-bit style.Any comments or feedback is appreciated."
,Recommended,250760,12229344,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Navlock,"This game is like the culmination of ALL the classic, best NES games you had in your library during the late 80's to mid 90's. It got the art style down perfectly (though the color range is not as limited as the NES, thank the gods), the music is authentic and absolutely amazing, and the controls are tight and satisfying as all hell. It's a perfect platformer, action game that also makes any 90's Kid nostalgic deep inside.But here's the ingenious, oh so beautiful thing about the game: It never needed the nostalgia novelty, the NES 8-bit grahpics, the chiptunes, or even the limited NES controls, to actually be so amazing. It's a damn fantastic game, long enough to not overstay its welcome, and every level is designed perfectly for forcing you to master said controls, and new elements.So it may be a tired notion of Indie games using pixel art to pitch itself, but this is a case where the developers had a great game as a foundation, and then made it look and sound like a great NES game... not the other way around. Substance over style here, and damn is the style awesome!"
,Recommended,250760,12361420,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RicePrezPip,"Challenging, fun, and overall a really awesome game. The soundtrack's fantastic too. Plenty of moments that make you smile."
76561198060095183,Recommended,250760,30822054,Posted: 29 March,all,Jam,shovels
,Recommended,250760,20461686,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,T̵͓̝̦ͮ̐ͫ͒̏̔o̙͆ͩ̋̑ͥͩ ͕̝̫ͩ͗̂ͩ̇ͮ̑͘͜,"+ shovel knight is challenging- the game is not really skillbased you just have to memorize the level layout and boss attacks+ boss mechanics are innovative- there's no urgency in any bossfight, you can just wait for a opportunity, attack a few times, back off, wait, repeatthe game doesn't reward you for optimizing your interaction with the boss and taking every opportunity. Bosses don't have a soft/hard enrage. So while bosses might appear hard at first, soon they'll get really boring once you figured out how to cheese them.+unique characters, fighting with a shovel is awesome- characters are really limited in the sense that they always do the same thing. Either you can just talk to them, which is useless, you can buy something from them, which can be useful, or you fight them, there's no real character development+there's multiple ways to beat every level- due to the nature of the game, levels are really linear+there are many relics- most relics are kind of useless, or only used once in gem levels- at the beginning gold is kind of scarce but useful for health upgrades and your first relics, but later on gold becomes useless because a) you get a lot of gold b) the item system is kind of bad in shovel knight. You can only buy a few shovel upgrades, and there are no clear armor upgrades because there's no armor value in the game. Expensive armor always has a disadvantage, and the advantage it provides is minimal. The best armor in my opinion is the red one since it's simply an upgrade with no disadvantages.+ shovel knight is a good homage to old school games- because of that, there are many outdated mechanics that just feel frustrating, even jumping feels really weird oftentimesGet this game if you enjoy old school games and don't mind being challenged a bit, otherwise skip it imho"
,Recommended,250760,11859359,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Wrecks,"If Mega Man and Super Mario Bros 3 had a love child with the hero from Wizards and Warriors, it would be called Shovel Knight.  Everything glorious about 8-Bit gaming with fun bosses, inventive stages, and fun abilities make this a retro gaming hit that brings every bit of nostalgia it should given the design.The stage design feels incredibly Mega Man inspired, with backtracking and hidden passages if you want to scratch that completionist itch.  Game layout, overworld map have a very SMB3 feel.And to top it off, your weapon is a shovel that you beat enemies in the face with when you're not using it as a pogo stick.Plus... synchronized swimming dance scene with a giant fish.  No, seriously.Just buy the game."
,Recommended,250760,10935479,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bleep,"Shove This game in your ""add to cart"" cos its A good One"
,Recommended,250760,10910540,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Luggy (spooks),Can youdigit?
,Recommended,250760,10947920,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,pants,I dig this game.
,Recommended,250760,10985221,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Supernothing,"I usually post steam reviews in portuguese, but since I wrote this for another website, here it goes:You play as shovel knight, and your goal is to reach the enchantress and save your old partner, shield knight. In order to do so, shovel knight must defeat eight members of ""The order of no Quarter"".Shovel Knight is very much inspired by our beloved classics. Mario, Zelda, megaman, castlevania, it's very easy to see how shovel knight has been inspired by all of these games, but all in the best way possible. The best thing shovel knight inherited from those games is the marvelous level design. The tutorial level is wonderfully done, teaching you the basic mechanics without the need of a message or even a button display. Even in later stages, the game will never put you in a dangerous situation without teaching you first, something that megaman in particular was always known for.The overworld map looks a lot like the Mario Bros 3 map (there are even wandering enemies with special fights or stages), and you can usually choose the next stage from 2 or 3 avaiable, and visit the villages, where you can buy upgrades, relics and equipment with the gold you got on the levels. Relics basically works like spells, but there are also chalices that can hold liquids which will grant you one time effects (like the bottles in zelda). You can also upgrade your shovel, but there are only three upgrades. One of them makes sparks come out of your shovel while you're at full health (zelda again). There are some different armors too, but I felt like just one of them was really useful, so in terms of upgrades the game could do better.Shovel Knight is great, and as far as I'm concerned it deserves the praise it's been getting. Combining the best elements from classics, with great boss fight and some beautiful animations, it's pretty easy to recommend this game whether you enjoyed the classics that inspired it or not."
,Recommended,250760,25917811,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Get Spooked,This game feels like it's a classic but without all the annoying stuff that  comes with actual classic games
,Recommended,250760,10880922,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,hitomi,You got theShovel!Now get digging!
76561198002911957,Recommended,250760,29194467,Posted: 11 January,all,LORD OF THE HARVEST,"Solid game.Music was well done but only a handful of tunes really caught my ear. It's like Mega Man, Super Mario 3 and Simon's Quest. I saw elements of all 3 of those games. Over world map, travel from dot to dot. Shovel Knight following the Master Robot formula with the...""antagonists"" being *something* knight. Aslo, in the game you can purchase items, upgrades and gear switching between them in the midst of combat and exploration!From a gameplay standpoint, it's a very solid game. The story is as in depth as you'd expect it to be and the level deisgn and enemy types provide a challenge but not one I found to be difficult. It isn't easy, but it isn't hard either.Pick it up. On sale or not...Now, let me say this...the base game is solid but I really loved the Plague of Shadows DLC. It opened up a whole new way to play the game. New mechanics, new weapons, access to areas not seen before, hilarious minor characters, a behind the scenes look on what is going on while Shovel Knight is traveling/battling, a character that I found to be endearing and most importantly a rather interesting, if predictable, story.The ending was wonderful. It's simple but was one of the few endings in any form of media (written/watched/played) to make me ""daaaaaw"". So Again, on it's own Shovel Knight is worth it but when you add in the Plague of Shadows story line? It's well worth full price."
,Recommended,250760,26275854,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,martluca,"I kept tapping the amiibo onto the bottom of my mouse, but nothing happened. I feel ripped off."
,Recommended,250760,10898159,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MostStrange,Check out our review:http://theactionpointspodcast.com/2014/06/28/shovel-knight-pc-wii-u-3ds-review/
76561197993045961,Recommended,250760,10921271,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nefer,A challenging retro platformer with a lot of charm. Well worth the purchase.
76561197967689939,Recommended,250760,10908948,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,thaKingRocka,"The best 8-bit game that never was. Everything about the game is totally on point, and it's tons of fun whether you're a nostalgic type or not. The game is just plain good. I beat it in one extended sitting on the first day, and I was really happy with it."
,Recommended,250760,10892713,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Stennis,Game of the year 2014.  This game made me pregnant.
,Recommended,250760,10874625,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,King ღ,Actually really good and really fun with great chiptune music by Jake Kaufman.
,Recommended,250760,10944558,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Darksaber,"This game is absolutely fantastic. It's about as Mega Man as you can get without actually being Mega Man. The music, art, and just about everything else is supremely well done. The base game is challenging without being terribly hard, but through what relics you use and what you do with checkpoints you can crank up the difficulty quite a lot. Probably my best purchase of the year so far."
76561198006804460,Recommended,250760,10938715,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dr Skeletor,"If you love Zelda, Mega man and retro games with shovels then this is the game for you. Amazingly difficult and amazingly fun! Was worth the price."
,Recommended,250760,10945808,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Selth Blackwings,"Shovel knight! Long awaited game that looked pretty awesome in its previews, this game is available on Steam and other platforms like Nintendo 3DS.This game takes the essence of old games such as megaman, castlemania, zelda and others and quite frankly it is well worth your money even at full price. The game is a tad bit hard, and quite frankly while it takes elements from old games, it clearly is a very innovative game which anyone old enough to remember the NES and the original gameboy will love.what are you waiting for, buy it and play it!"
,Recommended,250760,16351947,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,a single veggie stick,"i think i downloaded this game about 2 days into watching the game grumps play it. i immedietly started at it, obviously changing the controls to something more fit for my yaoi hands and set it to something new no one else i knew used. i suppose then i started. i was caught. absolutely nothing would stop me. it would be 6 am, and there i was, questing through the world time after time after time. i couldnt stop. i was transfixed with the game. i mean, who could stop me? i got every damn dollar back man. i know that game better than myself now. that lil troupple bro? i was absolutely obsessed with the hoe. he was like, hella cute man. but so was every other character in the game. it was amazing. i had never experienced a better mix of perfection and aesthetic in one thing. and dont even get me started on the soundtrack. i got it right away. still have it as my ringtone to this day (the tinker knight battle music, loved that one). and thats why, now, at 2:30 am, i am begging you, please buy this game. it is so good.buy it so you can enjoy it and yourselfand also so i can get a sequel bc god damn the ending was just so emotional"
76561198046470992,Recommended,250760,18297939,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Alpha,"A fantastic creation of the studio Yacht Club Games. Shovel Knight is set in the style of NES style platformers of old. The game can be categorized as an ""Action Platformer"" You attack, jump and even do moves to traverse much like Link does in Zelda II and Duck Tails. This simple addition adds so much availability for unique platforming segments. The game is the perfect difficulty. If you die, it's your fault and your fault only. The characters are unique, the levels are the just the right difficulty, and it doesn't hold your hand. My favorite part of this game is the first level. Teaching you how to play the game without a bunch of menus and tutorial segments. I've completed this game on WiiU and Steam. It's available on many different types of platforms if that's your thing. And with the promise of free DLC coming out, You get so much bang for your buck. My only complaint is when you get hit you get slightly knocked back. This isn't nearly as bad as it sounds. It's minimal at most but it's still a minor complaint I have. It could of been a lot worse, but still something to mention. Overall this game is amazing, unique and worth every single one of your hard earned dollars. Go out and buy this game!"
,Recommended,250760,17948681,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Infinity Master,"For someone like me who grew-up playing Atari/Sega/PC Dos-games/SNES, this was like a love letter from the past.Simply put, the games has the ""old game style"" vibe to it (I'd say SNES vibe the most) and it has that ""classic"" gameplay/music feel to it as well. Also, the gameplay is solid, challenging at some points and the story is decent for a ""kickstarter/indie"" game. I've enjoyed my time playing this game and would definitely recommend it to any ""old school gamer"" such as myself.Rating: 10/10! :DP.S: Can't wait for the FREE DLC as well! :D"
76561197999962767,Recommended,250760,18125431,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Cag the Gnome,"I bought Shovel Knight back before I knew of any DLC and thoroughly enjoyed it. It's a tight platformer with a nice amount of hidden collectables. There's some customization to the game and it's just all around fun. If you enjoy games like Mega Man, Duck Tales, or Mario, you will definitely like this game.Then the DLC came out, and oh my lord is it fun. You play as one of the Knights of the Order of no Quarter, Plague Knight, and have a ton of customization. The gameplay changes slightly, but you go through the same levels as Shovel Knight, but with extra collectables. This DLC is easily worth the full base price of the game as well, but you get it for FREE!Keep at it Yacht Club Games!"
,Recommended,250760,18024219,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Delmare,"If you like fun and challenging games, this game is for you. A model of what 2D games should be, alongside a killer side track. The game can be very hard at times, but it is worth playing."
,Recommended,250760,10990216,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Night Man,"Great challenge, solid controls, and a simple story. Why should you buy this game? THAT MUSIC!Plague Knight's controls are God aweful, though. If you enjoy a challenge through increadibly finnicky, floaty movement and unpredictable moves, then by all means..."
,Recommended,250760,18071275,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,BeeOhBee,"I won’t deny that I absolutely love games that bring me back to when I was a child. 8-Bit, 16-bit and just remakes of classics get me jazzed up to play. What am I seguing to, you might be asking. Well I’ll tell you gentleman! It’s Shovel Knight. The first game made by Yacht Club Games. I first laid eyes on this game whilst strolling through Youtube one day and my goodness it looked glorious. Shovel Knight was funded by Kickstarter in April of last year and now has FINALLY been released. So, was it worth the wait? Did Yacht Club Games earn our money? Listen up and follow me after the jump!STORYShovel Knight being that it’s developed in 8-bit most people would completely skip it, and they, I find, would be missing out on such a great story of love, loss and redemption. The story, itself is one of the 8-bit era. Shovel Knight must save his lost love Shield Knight by defeating The Order of No Quarter and The Enchantress. So you know the drill tragic event happens, love has been lost, must fight multiple enemies and evil order in order to get back what was lost. You’ve heard it before, but it hasn’t been executed as well as this in a very long time...if ever for these types of games honestly. The characters and environments are so damned fresh and lively that it brings me into the world.GAMEPLAYSo being a Shovel Knight what else would you use but a trusty shovel to bring down The Order of No Quarter? The combat is simple and very responsive for any player to pick up and play. You get an easy swing of the shovel as well as a downswing, akin to Scrooge McDuck in Ducktales or Cranky Kong in Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze. If you need a little more digging power you can purchase different suits of armor and upgrades for your spade throughout your journey, as well as upgrading your health and mana. In order you purchase these upgrades you have to collect gold. Whether it be piles of gravel, opening chests, discovering secrets, or whacking your enemies collect the gold and pick your poison. Along with all of this you get a series of items that will help you on your journey, like an Anchor, Fireballs, Dirt Gauntlets and many more. With these items and more you can bury your enemies into the dirt. It’s very clear that old school games wereVISUALS AND SOUNDWith a game like this the sound and visuals are always key points for me. These days it seems some people care for crazy visuals and orchestrated sound, but I grew up on the bits and chips so by all means, dig them up and let me enjoy them. Shovel Knight’s style of progression is a breath of fresh air to 8-bit style games. This is a game that deserves the term “Nintendo” game. The music is just as good if not the best part of the game. Jake Kaufman is a master at what he does when it comes to music and Manami Matsumae (Mega Man Composter) helping with a few tracks just gives the soundtrack more weight.Wrap UpShovel Knight is very much a love letter to 8-bit but it is absolutely not stuck in time. It’s characters and story engaging, it’s combat masterfully crafted and the visuals and sound exactly what you need to experience this game. It oozes confidence and knows exactly what it is and goes far beyond what it tries to do. It’s one of the best games I have played this year and is a game that everyone should play. No matter what is keeping you from playing this game, dig right through the vault of heaven with your...Shovel...I think I reached my pun quota for this review!"
,Recommended,250760,11416318,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,AgentAtomic,I dig it
76561198071697160,Recommended,250760,17619388,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Deckard,"A fantastic game for players of all ages. Though difficult at times, the challenges are not insumountable. Tight controls, great gameplay, fantastic animation, and a engaging storyline. I could go on and on about this game, but do yourself a favor and buy it, then play the hell out of it!"
76561198153659239,Recommended,250760,17659617,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Cyanicle,"I love the gameplay, soundtrack and the cutesy characters, shovel knight and shield knight my one true pairing, and black knight for the voyeur, the sequel should have shovel and shield knights make a baby, and that baby will grow up to become the new hero called, baby knight, his shovel is as big as the shield combined,,, meh, pls don't heed my suggestion devs :DD"
,Recommended,250760,11133610,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ReecieKups,"You get to wield a shovel for a blade, the music is amazing, and the gameplay is awesome and really brought me back to a time when I was little and had a hate/love relationship with many games.  Not to mention there is chicken in the walls!!!10/10, would buy again! :D"
76561198012702770,Recommended,250760,11069556,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,invadingduck,"Easily one of the best platformers I've played in a long time. It combines MegaMan's level design philosophy with mechanics from other games such as castlevania and DuckTales, but still manages to be be completely unique from those other titles. Unlike other retro-inspired games it uses the past as a guide rather than a crutch and pretty much nails the spirit of old 8-bit games. This is everything a modern-day ""old-school"" video game should be."
,Recommended,250760,11072396,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Vellian,"This game is like Megaman meets Ducktales, with a death mechanic similar to Dark Souls.  You go through stages in a SMB3-type map and fight bosses using a shovel, thrown weapons (relics), and pogo moves.  You have an infinite amount of lives, but when you die you drop a portion of your gold and have to go get it.  You can only have one set of gold out at a time, so if you die before recovering it, it's gone.  It does mean you basically have as many tries as you want for bosses, but they are still fun."
,Recommended,250760,11061318,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Rising Gurky,"Probably the best Retro-Styled throwback game I've ever played. You can tell that the devs pured their all into it. As far as gameplay, it's got a Classic 8-Bit Megaman feel, and the shovel has enough range and power to feel useful, even without the power-ups gained later in the game. The writing and dialogue is great, and the music is more memorable than anything I've heard from Triple-A games. If you want a classic, fun and surprisingly replayable and memorable game, then you're doing yourself a favor playing Shovel Knight."
,Recommended,250760,11067175,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,InnocuousRemark,"While the phrase ""retro action platforming"" gets used a lot these days, you'll frankly be hard pressed to find that style pulled off better than in Shovel Knight.  The art, music, level design, difficulty, length, RPG elements, enemy design, and progression systems are all extremely well-crafted.  Well worth $15, and if you see this on sale for $5 or $10, you've got no excuse not go pick it up."
76561198137462601,Recommended,250760,10964124,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jinx,"THIS GAME my god, Soundtrack is amazing, art design is top-notch, enemies and bosses are well designed same goes for the level design, this game is a MUST BUY if you enjoy playing pixel/8-Bit games"
,Recommended,250760,11294926,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sunbyrnes,Absolutely brilliant game. Traded Call of Duty Ghosts for the steam card to get it. Honestly love how the 15 dollar game is leagues above 60 dollar game. Best trade I've made all year.
,Recommended,250760,11179549,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,TTTTTsd,"This game brings to the table a lot of things I do not see from indie games that are aiming to be 8-bit. Yacht Club knows exactly what made NES games like NES games, and rather than just copy their concepts, they skillfully synthesized them into levels.Mechanics are inspired by previous NES titles such as Zelda 2, Duck Tales, Megaman, but it never feels copied so much as it feels inspired and fresh. I especially love the checkpoint system that rewards skilled players for taking risks.The soundtrack is absolutely ASTOUNDING in this game. No fake chiptunes, this is genuine 8-bit sound emulated using Famitracker, and it shows! For a personal favorite track I also list La Danse Macabre.Level design and difficulty are spot on, with Specter Knight's stage being the only real spike in difficulty I actually noticed. The rest of the game is smooth like silk, and death, while not a serious issue, can sap your wallet fast should you not adapt.If you're still reading this, go buy the damn thing. Whether or not you fall 15 dollars in debt, you'll feel like this game is worth all of it, and maybe a little more."
76561197993519904,Recommended,250760,11242814,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Terra,"Simple, nostalgic, and fun."
,Recommended,250760,11224365,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ApricotOcelot,"Buy it. Why are you reading my review, buy it. Stop thinking about it and buy it. Its so good, buy it already."
,Recommended,250760,11240547,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,SUPERFOX5,"Shovel Knight is one of those games that after I finish, I wish up to the heavens for there to be a sequel in a few years or sooner.Shovel Knight is a great Mega Man-like clone, with little bits of story here and there, but the main focus here is the gameplay aspect.Your main weapon is a shovel, which doesn't really sound right, but it makes sense why. Throughout stages, you can dig up piles of dirt that reveal treasure, which you can then use to buy upgrades, armor, and helpful items to give yourself a boost for that one area that really makes you want to break your keyboard or controller.I disagree when people assume that graphics make a better game, because those people are wrong and are judging a book by its cover.Take a look at the old NES games, and tell me that graphics make a good game.Shovel Knight is a take on the old 8-bit classics we all grew up with and loved to play after school and on summer vacation.Everything is there, the 8-bit graphics, chiptune music, and the difficulty: YES, I said difficulty.This is a game at times makes you want to rip your hair out, but with trail and error, you succeed, and you feel satisfied. This game gives you satisfaction when you finish your goals.Modern games today don't really serve any kind of punishment for failing, they just keep holding your hand, giving you handicaps all the time; there is no challenge anymore.Shovel Knight is a great gem of a game that deserves its praises; everything about what makes a game a game is here.This soon-to-be modern classic, hopefully get the sequel it deserves."
76561197989952779,Recommended,250760,12069988,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dliszka105,AMAZING!!!! If you like retro games you will LOVE THIS GAME. Music is awesome graphics are amazing its a perfect game.
76561198040808322,Recommended,250760,11985282,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Sen,"Okay. In the era of the floods of terrible Indie games of gimmicks and lies, comes the rare jewels that are solid games. This is one of them. Yes it is retro 8-bit and the try hard con men have latched on to this to sell nostalgia related video games to those who weren't even alive for the original Nintendo Entertainment System, but this is a solid game. It controls well, I've been placated in nostalgia as well as pleasantly suprised. The game is meant to be won. That is my only complaint. The developers were very clear in giving you the bypass button which uses a mana system, in that you use mana and have to refill it using off the ground consumables. However I find it challenging enough and fun enough and it is a well developed game with a brilliant score. Seriously, the music is great on it's own terms. Everyone has that video game music nostalgia but we can all agree that some music is just good on it's own terms. This is that.In other words another FTL except in the 2-D platforming genre. Well balanced and fun, and well worth $15.It just occured to me we wouldn't need this ""not a rip off indie game"" review system if Valve cracked down on Early Released garbage.Looking at you Valve and Chucklefish, psuedo developers in that their one product has not been developed to this date and earned MILLIONS."
76561198073088368,Recommended,250760,11837942,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,The Silent One,Good music + Good Controls = Good Game
,Recommended,250760,12086174,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Dran Dragona,"Can you save the The Local Happenstance from The Claws of Fateand End of Days and bring A Return to Order to The Starlit Wilds?The Adventure Awaits.from High Above the Land to A Thousand Leagues BelowAn Underlying Problem Of Devious Machinations by The Possessorfrom The Forlorn Sanctum shall be defeated Fighting with All of Our MightEnter In The Halls of the Usurper and depose The Decadent DandyThe Defender, The Stalwart, The Schemer, The Apparition andThe Bounty Hunter, are still keeping Courage Under Fireso dont expect A Cool Reception.So Steel Thy Shovel and Strike the Earth! cause its time for The Fateful Return. For Shovelry!So, Shovel Knight combines some of the most memorable things from the NES era all the samestill not feeling like its a pure copy of anything, a good mixture of many great titles of the pastand feeling like it should be played with a NES controller specifically.For those who dont know who Jake Kaufman and Manami Matsumae are;Jake ""Virt"" Kaufman has made all the music to Shantae Series and many other WayForward titles, the new Remastered Ducktales soundtrack is also his work, and Double Dragon Neon aswell.Manami Matsumae has done the very first Mega Man's Soundtrack, and plenty of other capcom titles. Outside Shovel Knight her newest sounds come from Rainblocks and Mega Man 10 and more can be heard on Mighty No.9's and Heart Forth, Alicia's Soundtracks as well in the future."
,Recommended,250760,10933363,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Firiann Fellshard,"I don't just recommend this; I heartily recommend this!Boy did they nail the design on pretty much every aspect of this game.  Tight enemy and level design of the calibre of the early Mega Man and Castlevania games; mix that with modern slick controls and graphical smoothness, a rockin' soundtrack from the legendary Jake Kaufman (and original Mega Man composer Manami Matsumae, and steep but smooth difficulty curve, this game delivers one incredible experience.Each new checkpoint feels like an accomplishment; each stage, you know you've learned how to play the game better; and each boss, you've learned how they think inside-and-out.I could keep rambling, but that's probably just going to distract you from the 'Add to Cart' button.  Yes, that green up there.  Press it.  You won't regret it."
76561198152751044,Recommended,250760,18435067,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Amarintjubuntu,"Excellent retro like game. It has incredible mechanics, its aestetic and humor are compelling and it's really fun to play. Definitively one of my favorite games of all time. Recommended 100 %Excelente  juego  retro. Tiene muy buena  mecánica de juego, es atrayente con su estilo y humor y muy divertido  de jugar. Definitivamente uno de mis juegos favoritos. Recomendado  100 %"
,Recommended,250760,15576557,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Filthy McNasty,It's a knight...with a shovel.
76561198183933846,Recommended,250760,18980965,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Burgerler,"Shovel knight is a fantastic game I love platformers there so simple and skill based and shovel knight defenitly is one the finest platformers i've ever played I know this reveiw is late but whatever.the many draws. great stage design, perfect difficulty, fantastic controls, great soundtrak, and my favorite part the boss fights the bosses are iconic tough and HAVE NO ATTACK PATTERN.the very few flaws. the game is pretty short, and I encountered a bug on the ghost boss where I killed it but I died at the same time and I somehow survived it.Shovel knight is a fantastic game but I personaly did'nt enjoy as much as everyone but it still easily earns a 9/10 I'd defenitly like to see an improved sequel to this this game and it would defenitly earn a 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,14240217,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ashen44,"Dude. I. Love This Game. I got this game thinking, ""oh this'll be sorta cool, lets try it,"" and came out thinking ""welcome to all you need to renew your faith in retro gaming!"" I love the style of this game combining elements from all my favourite retro games, like Zelda, and Megaman! I thought it to be challenging, nut not in a frustrating way, and I found the bosses to be difficult, but not in a throw-your-keyboard-at-the-wall kind of way. All I can really say about this game without spoiling it, is it is an amazing game, difficult but not too difficult, retro style, super mario world type map, with Zelda 2 dungeon & Megaman type levels. I all in all give this game a 9/10, due to how it is, on occasion, a little frustrating at those spots where you keep dying whenever you go to get your gold from previous death."
,Recommended,250760,11101671,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,TMPanda,"I highly recommend this game if you 1. like the Mega man genre, cause it plays alot like it with some of it's own features (in this case a good thing it plays a decent amount like it). 2. you like action platformers and lastly 3. U like games with a good amount of challenge. If you like all those things I can't think of a better game in this genre and yes it might even be better than mega man 9 and 10. music is also ♥♥♥♥ing great and theres like 50 tracks.Something I don't really like about the game is theres much of the same enemy in different colours, with slightly different moves, this is mostly visable with the knights where for example stabs 1 time the other 2 times and another jumps aswell.but this didnt bother me all that much. second thing that might need to get nerfed is HP potions, u can get cups for not a high price at a fellow in town, after that u can fill em up with liquids, 1 of them is a full restore, these cup fills are free btw, and when u have 10 hearts and restore em all with 1 potion is bvery hard to die especially since u can restore them after every level.Great game, will grant you alot of fun for I'd say 6-8 hours for the main story, and after that u can collect all collectables and beat new game+, aswell as getting every achievement the game has.My final score of the game is.... 8.5/10, AWESOME game, with some very minor issues"
,Recommended,250760,10982499,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mhaak,"This game is so much fun, i recommend it to everyone who likes good old jump`n run games!"
,Recommended,250760,17352850,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"This game is a literal work of art and homage to the NES style games it is based off of. You can tell a lot of love was put into this game with the dedicated art direction seen throughout the game.The gameplay borrows many different ideas from other NES games(duck tales cane hopping for example). Otherwise hit/dig/ jump with your shovel to get through the levels.While hard and unforgiving at times, the level design is unique at every turn, with a nice risk vs reward system set up at the different checkpoints through each level.The knight boss designs/characteristic are fantastic, making every boss fight memorable in someway.Music also over excels in recreating the catchy tunes NES games produced.More kickstarter games should take note, THIS is how you handle your project well and producing an  almost masterpiece."
,Recommended,250760,11408829,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Maista,"Don't let the price scare you away, Shovel Knight is worth every penny! The music is amazing, the game handles like a sports car and it oozes with style."
,Recommended,250760,10897853,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,darkarthan~™,"MY DlCK IS DIAMONDS. IT'S MEGAMAN, ZELDA 2, DUCKTALES, AND MARIO IN A PLATFORMER ORGY WITH  A SHOVEL.on a more serious note:this game is extremely good game that takes from a lot of very famous platformers ( megaman, zelda 2, and what-not). It has very clever level design that reminds me heavily of the megaman series. It does feel as if i was playing a NES game sometimes if the NES had a bit more colors and the NES was stronger, but the retro style does not at all take away from any of the gameplay elements. i highly recommend this game for anyone who really loves platformers and/or has played any of the platformers i mentioned before. This is one the examples where kickstarter actually produces a GOOD game and i must say it is very very worth it for its price. 9/10 a must buy."
,Recommended,250760,10974286,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,RaikouSRL,"I've never felt more at home with a retro-like title then i did with Shovel Knight, this is a testament to everything that made the NES era of video games so good. Fair but challenging difficulty, 8bit chiptune music, fantastic platforming level design and iconic boss fightsSeriously if you don't own Shovel Knight already, what are you waiting for!!!!"
,Recommended,250760,10962111,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Spyhop,Wow!  There's a lot of indie retro games out there.  But there's only a few that truly nail what great games were back in the day.  This game knocks it out of the park.  This could have been released along side Mega Man 2 and it would have been a contender back then.  I was immersed immediately and couldn't let go until the credits were rolling.  SEQUEL!
,Recommended,250760,11043860,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Geonde,"The love child of Mega Man, Castlevania, and other great NES titles. 10/10 would dig again."
,Recommended,250760,11429710,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Arledge,"Where do I begin?When I saw this game during E3 with Nintendo's Treehouse streaming, I didn't think much of it. It looked neat but I didn't really think I would buy the game.Then I watched Nintendo's Treehouse stream for ComicCon and they were speed running the first four levels. It looked pretty fun.So lets get down to the game.Visuals: Stays true to the retro nature of old 2D games from back in the day. Doesn't try to follow the whole ""block"" trend. ""Block"" graphics is not retro. Its just... blocks. But this game does retro right. So the visuals look great, and the animations are smooth.Sound: Sound is great. When you are going for a retro 2D game, then you get the sound you would expect. The songs are top notch.Gameplay: Its a 2D platforming game. Run left and right, jump, attack. Its real simple.Controls: Easy to control. Come on, this is a 2D game. If you play it then play it with a controller. I didn't even try the keyboard.Difficulty: Well it varies, not overbearingly hard, not too easy. It depends on the person.Functionality: For me it launches quick, and plays smoothly. I haven't had a bug or issue with it yet.What I find interesting about this Indie company is that the platforms that this game is currently on is Nintendo Wii U, 3DS, and Steam, Linux, etc. Its odd how they skipped out on Xbox and Playstation but I think that is actually kind of refreshing. Rarely do I see Indie games created for Nintendo and PC and the company has created trading cards for Steam's whole level up system.All in all, DEFINITELY 10/10. Will kill my enemies with a shovel again."
,Recommended,250760,11002757,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Catharsis,"Probably one of the best retro-inspired platformers I've ever played. Everything is well-designed and extremely well polished, from level and boss design to music and graphics. I'm not too familiar with the studio, but I wouldn't be surprised if they've got a lot of experience with platformers in the past."
,Recommended,250760,10986886,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ricee #Awake,"A game that meshes everything great from the NES classics Castlevania III, DuckTales, Super Mario Bros. 3, and Mega Man, with some modern influences from Dark Souls, this game creates one of the greatest sidescrolling platformers of this generation.  Everything is great about this game, from its difficulty, its art style, its music (by the awesome Jake Kaufman and legendary Manami Matsumae), and the characters.  This game is great, I would wholly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the genre, and especially to those who aren't."
76561197995212192,Recommended,250760,24060278,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nethys,"If you're into retro stuff, this is awesome.The gameplay has hooked me in, 13 hours and the two first campaigns are done andthey're already working on two others!Buy it, play it"
,Recommended,250760,11297504,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,PREDATARRRR,"After playing this game, I decided to use a shovel as a pogo stick. I won't go into what happened, but I'm not allowed in the plant section at Home Depot anymore. Still a great game, by the way."
,Recommended,250760,16539690,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Aelkrie,"An engaging, entertaining, retro-style platformer with good controls and tons of charm."
,Recommended,250760,11038895,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Maximum Dandy,"An amazing Mega-Man esque platformer.Surprisingly fair with its difficulty and tight controls, this game can be enraging and rewarding at the same time. The only downside is it's reletively short (100% in ~5 hours with dicking around) but for the price, it was still worth it.Easily recommendable. 8/10"
,Recommended,250760,14032479,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,D4RK,"I enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed Mega Man, not very, but that's probably just because I really REALLY suck at 2D combat based retro platformers.11/10 If you're not me."
76561198004076605,Recommended,250760,11054925,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Ninjabullets,"Shovel Knight is a love letter to the old days of video games where things were simple. I've recently watched Egoraptor's sequelitis video on what made Mega Man X so great, and I immediately noticed the same concepts incorperated into this game. If you're looking for a throwback to the days of gaming past, this game is undoubtedly the perfect game to have. 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,18337435,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jötunn,you hit things with a shovel
,Recommended,250760,11244817,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ǝnlq pǝɯɐN ǝuO ǝɥ┴,"Shovel Knight is like walking into an old icecream shop, you walk to the counter and curiously ask any special deals, the man serving gives you a welcoming nod and directs you to a machine, as you approach the machine you see several differant flavours of icecream, however the man taps your shoulder, handing you a flier showing all icecream flavours combined into one glorious icecream cone.You have your helping of Ducktales, a good scoop of Castlevania, an aftertaste of Mario 3, the Satisfaction of Zelda 2, Megaman toppings and even some sprinkles of Dark Souls, the man asks you to pay quite a bit for you to walk away with your cone, but it's one good and satisfying cone.Icecream analogies aside, this is one good container of frozen desert! Sorry I'll stop now, but seriously, Shovel Knight manages to take all the elements of the previously mentioned games, blend them all seamlessly together, yet maintains an original feel whilst giving nostlagia for a simpler time, if that makes sense. Heck even the walking animation of Shovel Knight reminds me of Arthur from Ghosts 'n' Goblins.You feel as if in you're in control at all times during gameplay, jumping, attacking and platforming all feel excellent and reliable, level design also never came off to me as cheap simply due to actually how good the control of Shovel Knight himself was.Art style is enticingly retro with great sprite work, colour palettes and sound choices, the OST is pretty solid as well, A personal favourite being the track that plays during the first level. The plot is rather cliche, but still enjoyable, for me it was the likability of the main hero that made not shrug the story off.For it's asking price, I did feel rather bothered by it, £7 would of been a perfect price for this game, but there is replayabillity in the form of New Game +s, achievements and unlockables. However this is a fine, fine tribute to an older time yet with fantastic gameplay. Definately worth considering."
,Recommended,250760,12829705,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Sonnenbrand FC,Best indie game I have played in a long time. Shovel Knight = Mario Bros + Sonic + Castlevania + Megaman + alot of other popular and good 2d platformers. The final boss was a little disappointing though.
,Recommended,250760,13660025,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sui77,"I never had a NES when growing up, I had a Sega Master System.  But plenty of my friends did, so I got to play a tonne of great games for it.  Including games that I feel heavily influenced this title, Super Mario Bros 3, Ducktales, and Mega Man.  I was hooked on those games back then, and it's the main reason I wanted to check this game out.  I'm glad I did!I think the only thing missing from the experience is an uncomfortable rectangular controller and you'd swear you were playing an NES game from that era(well, aside from better graphics and sound, and widescreen resolution)."
,Recommended,250760,16540997,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FeelsBadComrade,Best game I've played this year. Amazing gameplay challenging smooth and amazing 8bit graphics and soundtrack.
,Recommended,250760,16730775,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,HairyMike,"Shovel Knight is nothing short of fantastic! Inspired by some of the best NES action platformers, the game controls beautifully, looks the part and sounds amazing all while establishing an identity of its own. It's not a long game by any means, I beat it in under 4 hours, but it makes for an easy candidate for another playthrough anytime. Even if you didn't grow up playing 8 bit NES games, you owe it to yourself to play Shovel Knight as it follows the blueprint of what made these games great."
,Recommended,250760,11984477,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Brito13,"Really good game, excelente music! :)"
,Recommended,250760,16447655,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,vforvangelis,"Cool retro graphics, cool retro music, lots of loot!"
76561198072643423,Recommended,250760,16070352,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,MegaDan,"This is the one. This is the game that will give you a feeling of nostalgia, yet an entirely new experience. Every aspect of this game makes me so happy. The controls, the stages, the characters, the music. THE MUSIC! My ears have never felt so good as when I listen to this classic music. This is the kind of game that just feels right to play. If you ever played a nintendo platformer with a controller back in the day, you can feel it. You feel like you went back in time, to the days of laying around and building your childhood, making memories on your old SNES, or console of choice. This is worth your money. This is a masterpiece. It reminds us that games were meant for one simple purpose: to have FUN. Not for leaderboards, not for clans, not for trolling, FUN. If your game isn't about having fun, it's not a game. THIS game is about having fun.LOTS."
,Recommended,250760,10936299,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Isindel,"Picked up after seeing some reddit posts based around it - I did not kickstart it.Retro-Snes like resemblance of games such as Super Mario Bros 3, Megaman, castlevania, etc, with some features of modern games such as dark souls. Fantastic game over-all with that feeling of wanting more. Warning: This game may cause rage enducing trantrums.I've seen some people posting the 'steep'(I guess in some countries) $15 price. Unless you have financial issues, which video games probably shouldn't be your priority then. This game is well worth it."
76561198230838644,Recommended,250760,16143601,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BananaMan,It is a game that is full of excitement!!!!!!
,Recommended,250760,15851457,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,-b--g-ama-,+ checkpoints help me lot i suck 2d game die lot+lot secrets fun find you self without google+i pad full price worth every penny+ this game lot easy that DuckTales: Remastered+ anyone want try you can wait for week sale or summer sale+control work well ever with xbox 360 gamepad-Death lot death but hey that what cheackpoints for-hard find bad things about this game
,Recommended,250760,16548251,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,dordoka,Awesome! it's like going back in time to NES!!
,Recommended,250760,16535173,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RetroGameNinja【=◈︿◈=】,"This game is absolutely amazing. Everything about it is beautiful......Except for the life system. Instead of losing a life, you lose gold, wich floats away. More often than not, this gold floats to places that are impossible for you to reach without dying again. And if you die before collecting back all of your gold, you lose it forever. But that's just a minor issue. Overall, ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT."
,Recommended,250760,13650054,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Soba,"It's like regular knight, but with a shovel. Shovel Knight."
76561198088368493,Recommended,250760,13256259,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Miles Per Hour,"This game is just freaking great! Good graphics, tight controls, LEGONDARY MUSIC, simple but good story, good characters, useful upgrades and spells, the works! however this game is not completly perfect though. You are put into a Super Mario Bros 3 like world where you travel around and select the levels when you get there. I might not be saying that in vary good detail but it is hard to describe.This game has great levels -with exeptions being Plauge Knight and Phantome Knight - I think that's his name-. The starter level is good for the begining of the game and getting use to it's mechanics and controls.You will find treasure along the way and strangly you feel like you really want it to as if you are craving it!you get some spells later in the game but I will only mention my faveorites. 3 being the fire staff wich shoots a fireball in a straight line wich might sound boring but it is amazing useful. 2 being the invinceibility pendant wich makes you invinceable for like 3-4 seconds and is amazing helpful. 3 being not a spell but a consumeable item called Icore, there are 3 types of Icore. Icore of reniew wich gives you full helth and mana, Icore of defence wich makes you invinceable for 10 seconds and Icore of fortune wich makes all the treasure come to you when it is droped.my faveorite being the Icore of reniew.There are I think 6 bosses that you have to defeat before going to the final boss - kinda make the brilliant Mega Man games -. the bosses are King Knight, Phantome Knight, Plauge Knight, Treasure Knight, Tinker Knight, Frost Knight i think and wind knight... I think... these bosses have deferent ways of attacking and have deferent patterns to exploit to defeat them.The stages you need to get to the bosses at the end of the stage are mostly fun with again, good music with two exeptions. HOWEVER SOME OF THEM ARE SO FREAKING UN-FORGIVINGLY HARD THAT IT HURTS!You will find merchants and upgrades that you can spend your gold on and they all are quite nice but some i really dont use that much at all.on the way you can find wondering people that you can fight to get treasure and these characters are actuly pretty cool and fairly challenging.you can actuly find music pages around towns and stages that you can give to a bard and he will  give you 500 gold for each one you bring to him and ever better, you can make him play them to you! all the stage music that you like you can make him play to you!At the end of the game you fight the end boss who is vary hard but she is not tooo bad HOWEVER she hase a second for that is unfortinatly not as epic as the first one and is vary simple to beat.The ending of the game is GREAT! I give this game a 9/10 because it is so close to prefection with its great levels and secrets to the legondary soundtrack but it was a frustraiting experience at that. I recomend this to anyone who likes a good chalenge and likes side scrolling adventure, btw this review was done by a thirteen year old! :D"
,Recommended,250760,13373987,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SendRopePlz,"my love for this game is dictated by old 2d sidescrollers ( mario, maplestory, legend of zelda) this game is amazing, in humor, controls, graphics, music, even design! plz buy this game for it is amazing. thyn shovel is with you!!!"
,Recommended,250760,13929799,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,omz,"Completing this game gave me a massive sense of relief from all of the platformers I played as a child and was unable to finish. Thanks Shovel Knight, I can die happy. Amazing game."
,Recommended,250760,13772805,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zezima,Mega Man + Super Mario Bros. 3 + Zelda II + Gratuitous amounts of shovels = This gameBuy it. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,250760,15712653,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ramchop,No words can describe how good this game is.
,Recommended,250760,13988967,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Mayhemm,Easily Game of the Year. You beat the game and all you wanna do is play it more!
,Recommended,250760,14138593,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Hungri Terri,"Smart level design, awesome music, challenging without being frustrating, tons of character. Great game."
,Recommended,250760,14126810,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,zeenz,"Shovel Knight, as you may have gathered from screenshots and videos, is a retro throwback to the good ol' 8 bit platforming days of NES glory. Gathering up the best bits of classics like Mega Man, Castlevania and Super Mario Brothers you take up the role of Shovel Knight, who is trying to save his love Shield Knight from the clutches of the The Order of No Quarter and their leader The Enchantress. Heading out with only his blue suit of armor and his shovel, you battle through levels of increasing difficulty and danger with a checkpoint system and boss encounters very much lovingly reintroduced in the Mega Man style - each with their own speciality and traits.Design-wise we've gone full Nintendo here, and not in a bad way. 8 bit style. NES color palette. The music is generally awesome throughout the whole game, with some real standout tracks. Level themes for Lost City & Flying Machine are my favorites and I found myself humming along for so many of the themes. for The campfire music captures a bit of Final Fantasy nostalgia in its melody.Old school platformers typically relied on the tired method of death punishment with a defined amount of lives before game over but Shovel Knight borrows from the Souls series of punishment where you will drop behind bags of your gold at your death location which you can then retrieve. If you don't make it back then of course you will lose that gold.The controls in a platformer of this type are critical and everything feels super tight: jumping, attacking, item usage, cancel animations - it's all there and it really makes the game shine when you hit the tougher levels and end up pulling off a combo of moves that make your jaw drop. In particular the phase locket can really allow for a lot of unique situations where you can pull your♥♥♥♥♥out of the fire and save yourself from certain death.Another great aspect of being a throwback is that Shovel Knight does bring a challenge to the table. Both levels and bosses will test your mettle often, sometimes to frustrating levels but it's never a game that feels cheap or unfair.The only gripe I could possibly have with the game is it's length. I beat it in around 6 hours of playtime, it could be done much faster than that. However when you step back and compare it against the old school platformers that length is actually pretty decent. Longer than basically any Mega Man game. It's hard to really complain about this especially when Yacht Club Games is bringing more and more content to the game as part of the Kickstarter stretch goals. There is also some re-playability with NG+ and some tough achievements like no death runs.I loved this game and can't recommend it enough.TL;DR: 9/10"
76561197974593679,Recommended,250760,14121130,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ruuk,"If you prefer keyboard controls, bare in mind this game is not at all friendly towards that setup, to the point where it's engineered to be perfectly playable with an NES controller.------There are no tutorials, the game explains itself through level design.  There is no hand-holding, there's just you and what skills you can bring with you.  There is no level or equipment grind, no gear to make your life easier and no cheap tricks to win the day.  Much like the games of old, it's all on you to make it to the right side of the screen.This game embodies everything that made the NES classics the NES classics.  The music, the air-tight controls, the aesthetics and the sometimes brutal, skill-based difficulty, and even the ""menu lag"" that was commonplace because of a lack of available frames to make the menu look to be opening smoothly.If you're a fan of skill-based platformers, or a veteran of the bygone eras when games like Castlevania, Metroid, Zelda and Mario were the undisputed champions of the CRT screen, you will find absolutely nothing here to be disappointed by.  This game is the ""Golden Age"" of NES platforming in its rawest form, and even the achievements will keep you hunting for that perfect playthrough in ways you'll find unusual and challenging, extending your playtime with more than just a frustrating, pointless collection-fest.You want a review?  97% of 3,366 people recommended this game.There's your review."
,Recommended,250760,14791912,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,pixelripped,"Great game in many ways. Definitely recommend this game, it did made me feel like playing a true nostalgic game"
,Recommended,250760,14655066,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ChaosReigner,"Seems a little too coherent for a game that's suppose to be ""hardcore""; but I'm old so I don't mind so much."
76561198017717907,Recommended,250760,11198680,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,yanhick,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amazing!!!
,Recommended,250760,10966634,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jebaited Arch user,"Amazing platformer game with awesome retro graphics! It's decently hard and interesting at the same time.Strongly recommended to those, who like challenging games."
76561198075929843,Recommended,250760,13257593,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,circuitbent,"Shovel Knight uses elements from late 1980s and early 1990s Nintendo platformers, but has identity all its own and feels very fresh. Shovel Knight does not rely on cheap nostalgia, but instead takes a classic genre and elevates it to another level. Some tasteful updates have been made to make this game look beautiful and feel right at home on modern systems, while also staying true to its identity. Graphics, music and gameplay feel very genuine and immersive. The storytelling is emotional and mostly interactive. Very fun to play, and starts to get challenging about halfway through the game. Highly recommend!I'm looking forward to the additional features and game play modes that Yacht Club Games has promised for this title."
,Recommended,250760,11326740,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,KimonoChrono,"This game is a m a z i ng. This is my favorite game of the year so far, and I haven't even beat it yet. The controls are great, the visuals are classic and nostalgic yet still beautiful. The music is some of the best I've heard in video games, and the platforming is well thought out and challenging. I love this game."
76561197991847271,Recommended,250760,13333968,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,DazChief,As soon as i started seeing perfect scores for this game online i just thought it seemed too good to be true. I dont normally play these types of games. I couldn't get into Battleblock Theater or Volgarr because i thought they where extremely boring. This game on the other hand is the complete opposite! it has fun addicting levels with exciting music. There are lots of characters too talk to in the villages and many things to collect and upgrade. I highly recommend this game!
76561198049684400,Recommended,250760,13323949,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,catwithjetpack,"As a digging simulator, Shovel Knight paints a Steinbeckian portrait of the exploited proletariat - who, as it was with Grapes of Wrath's self-deluded poor, see themselves as ""temporarily embarrassed millionaires."" Ah, but as does Shovel Knight share philosophy with Steinbeck, so does it share the eminent author's weakness, too: an overabundance of dancing fish, which to this humble reviewer felt akin to supplanting a ballet with drunken, groping jitterbug.1 out 1000 gems."
,Recommended,250760,12738664,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Vitalus101,"What can be said that hasn't been said countless times? This game is phenomenal in every single way. Within the first hour of playing, it jumped into my top 5 games of all time. I have beaten it many times, gotten all the achievements, and still just want more Shovel Knight. Do yourself a favor and pick this up, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,250760,11059385,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,AndeAlmighty,"The music, the gameplay, the graphics, the characters, all just simply amazing. Everything about this game is appealing, and the mechanics are really thought out and well executed. Checkpoint systems are ingenious, losing gold on death is much better than having lives and gives a greater motivation for players to stay alive (also it's less frustrating than a flaccid ""GAME OVER"" screen). And there are so many new things introduced in every stage I never found myself getting bored, you should absolutely buy this game, its well worth your money! I mean what were you going to do with that $15 anyway? Buy a sandwich or two?Fine, go buy your sandwich, sure it will taste good for the 15 minutes you're eating it, but then what? It's gone, just like that, and you know what? I bet you're still hungry.Well *this* game is like a sandwich that lasts *forever* and if you get tired of it, you can put it in the fridge and get a different sandwich. But when you feel like getting some of that moutwatering Shovel Knight sandwich you haven't had in such a long time, it'll be there, right there in your fridge waiting for you, because Shovel Knight will always be there for you, so you should be there for it!"
,Recommended,250760,13644405,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fleppie,Highly recommended for gamers that grew up in the 8-bit generation.
76561198062990359,Recommended,250760,13782554,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bajdo,Better than Super Mario
,Recommended,250760,12192164,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,BoOobis,"STEEL THY SHOVEL! An extremely fun, SNES feeling RPG adventure indie game. It runs and feels amazing!"
,Recommended,250760,13874693,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Merlin the Tuna,"This is a truly astounding success of a game. Buy it. Buy it right now.Shovel Knight is a love letter to the NES era that goes above and beyond the lazy references and sloppy pixel art that have become so common in ""retro"" games. It wears its influences on its sleeve - you'll quickly recognize bits of Mario, Mega Man, Castlevania, and more - but there's an obvious attention to detail in merging and updating them into a cohesive, modern game. The story is simple but charmingly told, the gameplay is slick, the music is spot-on, the levels are beautiful and varied with plenty of nooks and crannies to explore, and there are plenty of challenge options if you feel like showing off or replaying the game."
76561198093322331,Recommended,250760,12411559,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Yeshi,"If you like retro games, you REALLY shouldn't miss this!"
,Recommended,250760,11495375,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,DarkEco,"10/10 FINELY CRAFTED FROM THE HEARTAfter four playthroughs and unlocking every achievement i have to say this is one of the finest games i've played in a good while. You can tell that it's crafted from the love of retro platformers like Mega Man and Castlevania, and it genuinely feels like one of the great games you would have played back in the day and would have stacked up alongside the big names released at the time easily. It plays very much like a Megaman game but its not as difficult. The knights moveset is simple yet intuitive and the majority of the powers feel essential to use and are not just there for show. One downfall i would say is that the first magic power you get (Chaos Orb) is an absolute boss destroyer. The bosses themselves are challenging without it though. The soundtrack is awesome and the visuals are very colourful, i don't know what else to say. This is a game you absolutely must play!"
,Recommended,250760,23894043,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,wariowariowario,"TL;DRThis is definitely one of the freshest yet at the same time most nostalgic platform experiences I have played in the recent years, I do wholly recommend this game for those who are in for 5/6 hours filled by tears, blood, swears and genuine fun!I'm sure I haven't done a positive review in months and luckily, thanks to this year's summer sales, this outrageously bad trend came to an end as soon as i digged into this game.Truth be told, I have always been a hardcore platform games fan and when one of my friends talked about this game I was fairly excited to finally play once more one of this kind of games after years and years of trying out new genres and, heck, sticking with online multiplayer games (I'm looking at you, Smite and Team Fortress 2!)So, where to begin? The moment you start the game, you'll be instantly brought to a simpler era, where all that was needed were a controller and free time. The story is told through an old fashioned images medley, and, despite it sounding like something ""already seen"", in my opinion it adds to the general nostalgic value of the game.Alright, I hope I don't need to point this out, but yes, your character does indeed use a shovel instead of the stereotyped usual medieval sword, but worry not! It is a really useful tool that will not only help you kill enemies as you continue exploring, but will also get you gold and gems hidden into... I guess... piles of rocks? Yeah!And these, uh, ""goldies"" are important in the game, for you will, after finishing the very first level, get to the village where you can saltuarly go to to buy health upgrades, mana upgrades and much more!You'll also be able to use several spells that grant you powers/invincibility/andwhatnot for a few seconds, and that's a nice touch too.As a final note for this first part of the review, the game has an astonishingly good soundtrack!I personally listen to my own metal music whenever I play singleplayer games, but for a few hours I decided to make an exception because the musics in this game are really well made, I might even listen to them one of these days on their own while playing totally different games.Alright, now that we're done with the praisin', the time has come for the criticizin', shall we begin?!?Well, I personally haven't found major flaws in this game yet, although there might be a few elements that could possibly make some of you not enjoy the game thoroughly.First off, this game is straigt up HARD. You're not looking at your average platform game whose difficulty level isn't that high, if you buy this game and decide to play it you WILL swear and insult your nearest deity, albeit the learning curve won't be too unforgiving.What will be unforviging, however, are the bloody SPIKES. No matter what you'll do, no matter what you'll be handing, there's no escaping from the spikes. You touch them, you die. You don't (and won't) simply escape from the spikes.8/10would've given a 10/10 if those ♥♥♥♥in' spikes weren't in"
76561198002524748,Recommended,250760,32884334,Posted: 27 June,all,notsurebauers,Say digger.
76561198081858557,Recommended,250760,28007524,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Princess021,"A fun game to play. Great controls and amazing graphics (even though they are ""just pixels""). Overrall i recommend it. It gives a nice blast from the past retro feel."
,Recommended,250760,19111072,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,LucidusAtra,"What can I say about Shovel Knight that hasn't already been said? It's the greatest NES game ever made, 30 years after the fact. If you grew up with a Nintendo, this game is sure to bring a tear of joy to your eye.I was seriously overwhelmed with emotion when I loaded this game up for the first time. Who would have thought a game like this could be made today, and that it would be received so well? It just goes to show that these game concepts are timeless.Whether you're an aging Nintendo kid or, well, just a kid, you should try Shovel Knight."
76561198079653142,Recommended,250760,11507271,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Algaytr,"Shovel night in my opinion is an (almost) original game on its own,Yacht Club said in the crefits they were inspired by nintendo titles such as Mega Man, Mario, Kirby and Metroid, if you played the game you can tell. And they made a great game, but it was short and though I was satisfied with the game I wished it was longer. Buy Shovel Knight now! gg, good game 8/10.   c :( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,250760,23851926,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,EvilApple27,I own four copies of this game.Shovel Knight and friends have taken over my lifestyle.Send help.
,Recommended,250760,28068846,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Grzegorz Korwin-Braun,Mona best waifu
,Recommended,250760,18913434,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,abunchadishes,"Shovel Knight is a magnum opus of game design that comes the closest to perfection in it's catagory than any others. Each detail enhances the love that Yacht Club Games and us as players have for the genre in many, many ways that add up throughout its welcome runtime (8-10 hours not including Plague Knight content) and never overstay their welcome. The plot is simple, easy to follow, and gives you better motivation than most triple A games nowadays, but the tight controls, practical arsenal, and excellent use of the classic 8-16bit style, gives it an emotion of its own that's hard to put into words. I was simply floored by the game as a whole, as well as the intelligence it assumes you have as a human being. Games were hard in the past to increase their longevity and keep it from getting boring too quick. Shovel Knight is hard because Shovel Knight's task is hard! But the struggle is infinitely worth itStory: What it needs to be/10Gameplay: 10/10Music: 10/10 no questions asked. I really loved how at the hub worlds like villages, the music changes it's 8 bit synths a little bit with each area.Verdict is 9/10 because there is no perfect game yet but if nothing steps up soon I will be happy to throw my vote in the suggestion hat. Very highly recommended"
76561198119603277,Recommended,250760,24030209,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BOMBOT8,"This is a great game and I highly recommend it. I have no nostalgia for NES games, I never had a NES, but I still love the game. Not to mention the other campaign included free!"
,Recommended,250760,28198411,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ScTiger,"A lot like the mega man games, you fight against many different knights themed around their abilities. Even if you never played or didn't enjoy the mega man games, this is definitely a game you should try out."
,Recommended,250760,20343156,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dead Gaiko,"Despite being awful at this retro-platforming masterpiece, I'm absolutely in love with it. Controls are tight, the gameplay is sublime, and the sense of satisfaction nearly-incomparable! It's definitely hard, and some will find that off-putting, but with immense charm and finese this game is undoubtedly an instant classic!Also, the characters are wonderful, and I wish I could play as them in every game of every genre!"
,Recommended,250760,20343214,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SuperKouta,It makes me curse a lot and I die a lot but honestly 10/10 would die 200 times again and the music is amazing as well
76561198126427145,Recommended,250760,33157815,Posted: 2 July,all,TALK SHIT GET HIT,"I usually do not ever feel the need to review games but shovel knight really is a game thats worth a buy. I was very skeptical at first but once I started playing I realized why there are so many glowing reviews, the game is amazing. Simple yet difficult, awesome art style and a great soundtrack really make shovel knight such a good game. I would highly recommend."
76561198107178622,Recommended,250760,14363332,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,BillJonsson44,"This game is just great. It has soooooo manu refrences to the old schools 8 bit games and plays alot like one, great music, can be challenging at times but then you get the hang of it, boss fights are pretty good, the graphics are 8 bit retro, and its a 2d game, we havent seen many 2d games latelly, or retro games like this one. I recommend this game, highly!"
,Recommended,250760,32606342,Posted: 20 June,all,Gameboy,"At first, I wasn't really going to try this game, due to the outstanding amount of other 8-bit games that use these same graphics to attract retro gamers. But after seeing that this wasn't clearly that type of game, I decided to give it a try. Saying that this game is a Kickstarter funded project is actually insane, because this game is REALLY GOOD. The developers clearly know what they're doing, which makes the game exciting and fun. Basically (w/o spoiling) you're a knight that uses a shovel to destroy the Order of No quarter, to try and rescue your parter, shield knight. It uses the old school duck tales pogo jumping, as you hop from enemy to enemy by bouncing on your shovel. Along with the storyline, they recently added a new multiplayer mode and challenge mode which have fun features to try if you've beaten the game. I honestly reccommend playing the whole game first however, for it teaches you many of the main mechanics. It even can challenge the most hardcore gamers with the mode Gamemode+. Gamemode+ is the same story line as the original shovel knight, but you take double damage, and most food is replaced with bombs, leaving you to fish to obtain most of your health back. And after you beat the game, (normal mode counts) you can play as some of the villains of the OONQ (order of no quarter), and play through their storylines, which is also entertaining. Overwall a great game for everyone."
76561198025598187,Recommended,250760,16836319,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,FlightyBombJack,"One of the most entertaining games I have played in years.  Great mechanics, tight controls, fun levels, and a wonderful visual style and feeling for the world.  I can't recommend the game enough.  A modern classic if there ever was such a thing."
,Recommended,250760,25810199,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jadenhero4,fun but hard
76561198063236476,Recommended,250760,27811015,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wulfstan,"Great value for the asking price. Fun, interactive, a true ride back to the NES era. Not to mention there's still two free of charge DLC that's supposed to come out (newest one supposedly in March next year, when you get to play asSpectreKnight. I recommend this game to anyone who likes old school platforming: with an overworld reminiscent of SMB3, good level design, some puzzle levels and amazing boss battles, with a sprinkle of good story for each character you get to play."
,Recommended,250760,25929099,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BOOSTIO,"After two years this is still one of the greatest games I have ever played. It is probably the best platformer on Steam.It has everything you could ask for: beautiful graphics, amazing soundtrack, and the gameplay is just perfect.If you are looking for a game not as rage inducing as Super Meat Boy but still challenging, and that will keep you glued to the screen from the very beginnig this is the game for you."
,Recommended,250760,30101097,Posted: 22 February,all,SirMuttonChops,"Really fun to play with an NES controller, however the game relies on insanely difficult level design. Not for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,250760,16284971,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,indegestion,"A lot of people I've talked to about this game say it's just nostalgia bait, but I'm pretty young(and have never played an NES or SNES game) and this is still my favourite game. There were some parts that frustrated me, but it never felt unfair, and I genuinely felt like I was improving. It's funny, enjoyable, clever and BUY THIS GAME RAWR18.5/10 would sacrifice my first-born child for this game."
,Recommended,250760,33366427,Posted: 8 July,all,2cat2curious,"IT'S GOOD. IT'S REAL DAMN GOOD.Obviously what this massively successful, beloved, award-winning game that's been out for years needed to get over was a thumbs up from some dingdong with a rainbow steam avatar.The pixel art is gorgeous, and is actually animated properly frame-by-frame, unlike most pixel-art games.The music is amazing. I'm going to be humming the songs on and off for weeks.The gameplay is polished across the board (even in the two additional free bonus campaigns). The main games are challenging but not unfairly hard, with the optional NG+ and challenge modes to up the difficulty. Literally my ONLY issue is that the game doesn't recognize the d-pad on my controller and forced the use of the joystick, which got a little weird on ladders and with Plague Knight's bomb jumps. There's probably a fix, but it wasn't enough of an issue to bother with."
,Recommended,250760,33470467,Posted: 11 July,all,tboe,"If you haven't bought this game already, what are you doing?For a platformer (a genre of game that usually lends itself to be fairly short), this game is PACKED with content, and that content being complete and amazing. That is something you really don't seem to find a lot now a days.Best part: 3 years old, and they are STILL updating it. They are following their original Kickstarter promises. These updates aren't lackluster either, it isn't just more of the same. In every expansion you play as one of the Knights you defeated as Shovel Knight, which offers new ways to play.This game is why (almost) all kickstarter games are dissapointing. Buy this game, even at full price, It's worth it. I bought it when it came out, twice. I hope that Yacht Club Games keeps delivering, because so far, it seems like a bright future for them."
,Recommended,250760,33286527,Posted: 5 July,all,DragoZeroNova,"Beat people in the head with a shovel, I remember when I did that to some guys irl."
76561198082326302,Recommended,250760,23800283,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nibble_Knight,"Shovel Knight came to me in a time where I was between computers. I only had my little laptop and it was not capable of playing the more graphically intense games that I love to play. I was stuck with a library of Steam Games but no Computer to play them. Then along came Shovel Knight. Everything I remembered about games like Mega Man X that made my childhood came flowing back. From the tight controls to the amazing soundtrack to the lovable characters and intriguing dialog, Shovel Knight took me in, Hook, Line, and Sinker. Buy this game for your own good. It's worth every penny I spent on it. Finish the story mode, play the DLC they gave to you for free entitled Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows where you play as an enemy boss you defeated in the Main Story. After that there are plenty of challenges to test your skills. It's a lot of content and a great fun game I was not able to put down. AND it can run on pretty much any system. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,250760,21312378,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Herriandildiahn BPS,Good game.
76561197991009575,Recommended,250760,33085021,Posted: 1 July,all,Marcus Butthurticus,"This game is simply put fantastic in what it does right.I think this is how you do an ""in honour of"" the old 90's action-platformers. I often think Indie games are lifted higher up than they should be and the price tag for this on 23 euros looks insanely high. But then you play it. Then you start to slowly get better and see patterns on the bosses and just keep struggling and eventually you beat the ♥♥♥♥ers. It is very much a Mega Man clone if you want to be a bit mean but it is very much fun and the theme is awesome. Cheesy  fantasy world with the wicked witches and the stalward knights and odd exotic races.Graphics are 90's era console like and the controls are almost perfect, not many times did I die because of bad controls or wonky mechanics but by my own mistakes. The bosses are hillarious to and the side dungeons and things to do just add to the feel of the game  that there is more than levels. The overhead map is fiting too.Not much more to say to it that has not been said than the ending...is better than Mass Effects and so is the romance, hue hue!8,5 Knights out of 10!EDIT: After playing and finishing both the secondary campaigns of Plague Knight and Spectre Knight...I can say the game is really worth it if one like this kind of games. Plague Knight has a bit more of a parody feel to it, an anti-hero or how to call him and the Spectre Knight is an suprisingly sad tale of how Spectre Knight became Spectre Knight. Sometimes the control and the levels seem to punish you if you're not on point and the scrolling levels might punish you for being to fast and not being able to see where you go but overall this is a great extra to an already fun, good and well made game. Plague and Spectre might although be bit to powerful compared to Shovel Knight. But it adds even more content and for free for those who owned the original.I truely recommend this game. I got a lot out of it and I bought it on this summer sale and it makes it even more worth the money.Great game any gaming enthusiast should try playing."
,Recommended,250760,33236215,Posted: 4 July,all,nmtol,"One of the best platformers released this decade.  Very polished, good difficulty level, amazing soundtrack, just an overall great package."
76561197971293919,Recommended,250760,22737314,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,The StingRay,best game ever.....enough said
,Recommended,250760,16532887,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Toasterfork,"This game is fantastic and difficult. If you like classic megaman or mario, than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,250760,19033053,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,SlashAndBurn,"For the base game, its near perfect.  Great fun, good controls and hard as nails.I've started to play through Plague of Shadows! and my initial thoughts are:1) Still fun2) Different game play mechanics3) Bursting, holding down attack to charge felt wrong with a SNES like controller.  I've found remapping the controller is helpful.  I moved attack to R1, Jump A, Special B, Prev Item Y, Next Item X.  Inventory = Start, Pause = Select.  It feels better to hold down R1 so I can start a jump sequence with A, release R1 and then use mu double jump."
,Recommended,250760,33512573,Posted: 13 July,all,HappyHam,"I'm not going to spend too much time on this review, but here are the pros and cons:Pros:Good chiptune musicGood graphics very well stylized to the NES era of gaming to supply healthy streams of nostalgiaFree DLC!Cons:Often annoying level design that has me dying for reasons I felt were beyond my control (I've never been a fan of Mario and Megaman style platformers)There's probably more to talk about, but that's what stood out to me. I would recommend it to old school platformer lovers, but to others, I would warn that it can be frusterating at times.6/10"
,Recommended,250760,33565860,Posted: 15 July,all,birdy,"brilliant game,I see some people complaining that the price went up when they added the dlc to the game but its honestly worth the price, i just wish it had online  co-op aswell as local co-op other than that i can't really find a fault with it"
76561198127441691,Recommended,250760,33530364,Posted: 14 July,all,silverhawk2010 l gamekit.com,"welcome to the frusturating, yet fun platformer that is fun to play when you want a somewhat game of 2d dark souls. not for the enemies, but for the planned holes and spikes that one-shot your character and money out of exestance.get ready to have fun beating bosses, earning magc gadgets, having no power to save yourself from the level and internally crying yourself throughout the level.Great game with jumping and shovel fightning, bosses are amazing, but the levels before the boss will make you cry before reaching some of the final bosses. side battles are also fun too when you don't die and lose money just to follow them again."
,Recommended,250760,13753960,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Neptor,"This game, is simply genius!о( ＞▽＜)ｙ ☆-Stamp of approval-"
,Recommended,250760,16343164,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TrojanHorse711,"Update (5.25.16) - Adjusting some details to accommodate for newly added features. And as a side note, this only covers the standard campaign.If this landed on the NES way back as it is (sans modern-era features like achievements and Streetpass), it would have been GOAT. As it stands, it's my personal GOAT.Gameplay: Absolutely fantastic. The controls are designed for a NES-style platforming experience, and on Wii U it's pretty simple. However, on PC you have a variety of different options. The physics and actions are what you'd expect from a 2D 8-bit platformer, and unlike most platformers I've played (that aren't Mario), Shovel Knight makes them near-perfect. As far as what this game has going for it, it doesn't try to directly copy from Mega Man or Mario. Rather, it takes inspiration from the better games of its era and crafts something original while still keeping within the restrictions of the era. 10/10Graphics: It, like many, MANY pixel-art games these past few years, boasts an ""8-bit retro aesthetic""; notably it's become one of my pet peeves. However, out of all the games that try to claim authenticity (forgive me for misspelling), Shovel Knight comes incredibly close. In fact, graphics-wise it's one of the very few games that deserves the title (the others being Mighty Gunvolt, Mega Man 9 and Mega Man 10; not even the recently-released Axiom Verge deserves this due to a crapton of visual effects more suited to a modern game despite having really solid foreground art). From there, a great visual style and some top-tier NES animation makes for a great-looking game overall. (Special mention goes to the Xbox One version, which near-perfectly emulates the Battletoads style in both Turbo Tunnel and Wookie Hole) 9/10Difficulty: Standard gameplay isn't quite challenging. I'd say it's about as difficult as Super Mario Bros. 3, to give a direct comparison. It ramps up around the third area (Flying Machine, Standed Ship, and Clockwork Tower). The bosses, on the other hand, are pretty difficult until you get used to them. Once you beat the main game, you unlock New Game Plus, which is by far more difficult than you'd expect. Enemies deal double damage, reduced number of checkpoints, barely any health recovery...oof! (XB1 only - you fight the Battletoads in a level that is basically a clone of the Wookie Hole and the infamous Turbo Tunnel. Expect that to be pretty difficult.) 10/10 it's fair.Music: Jake Kaufman is no stranger to chiptune composition. One of his most famous works outside of Shovel Knight was Shantae for the GBC. Here, he doesn't mess around. Together with Manami Matsumae, Shovel Knight boasts an impressive soundtrack composed entirely in authentic NES chiptune with very catchy tunes that wouldn't feel out of place in the NES era. (Special mention goes to the Village theme and ""The Forlorn Sanctum"", which successfully implement a variable mix.) 10/10Writing: The story itself is standard-fare for a video game. Your girlfriend has been captured, go save her! Defeat a multitude of bosses along the way! However, the dialogue in this game is wordy, and although it's definitely quirky there's so much of it that I felt it wasn't really all that authentic. Granted, I liked it, but considering not many NES games had that much text unless it was an RPG, it felt jarring. 8/10PSN Exclusive Features: It features a three-stage boss battle against Kratos, from God of War, and gain armor that lets you play like Kratos does. As I have not purchased nor played the PSN version, I an unable to give this a score as of writing. N/AXBL Exclusive Features: You fight the Battletoads in a three-part level: One in a level resembling and playing just like the Wookie Hole, another in a level that's straight-up Turbo Tunnel, and then all of them in one final showdown. It's crazy-hard (though probably easy compared to the original, which I have not played), but it's fun and it's probably the best throwback to the Battletoads I have ever seen. Although I criticize Microsoft's usage of Rare IP sometimes, I would argue this is the best use of it to date. After the boss battle, you get Toad Armor, which lets you play almost exactly like a Battletoad (controls, moves, and all), and you get to talk with the various characters (including, surprisingly, Professor T. Bird); and you even get to play the original Turbo Tunnel all you want. Kudos to Yacht Club Games for making this happen. 10/10Wii U Exclusive Features: It incorporates Miiverse on the bottom screen, which you can use to view tips or general posts. It's pretty nifty, but I never found it all that useful. On the plus side, it allows you to use the Wii Remote to capture that authentic NES style of control. Edit: It also sports amiibo, which either allows you to have co-op multiplayer (which why would they lock that to an amiibo?) or lets you customize your own ""Custom Knight"" and use a variety of different abilities and relics, most exclusive to the amiibo mode. It's decent enough, but I only fully recommend it if you're going for a challenge run and/or New Game Plus, and the $12.99 paywall may deter you if you don't have the money to spare. Thus, I felt it unnecessary to raise the score. 7/103DS Exclusive Features: Outside of it being 3D, it has a Streetpass Arena, which lets you record gameplay and fight other players with that recorded gameplay. It's a silly little throwback to Mario Bros, and I found this pretty well done. Edit: Much like the Wii U, it also has ""Custom Knight"" mode, which functions the exact same as it does on home console. It lacks the co-op multiplayer aspect, however. 9/10Steam/PC Exclusive Features: N/AConclusion: Shovel Knight solidified its place as my favorite game of 2014, and is up there among my favorite games of all time (the others being Super Mario Bros. Deluxe, Paper Mario, its direct sequel, and Splatoon as of 5/25/16). If you're looking for an authentic retro throwback, this game is for you. If you're not looking for that and are instead looking for a good platformer, then you'll find, as I have, that this game transcends nostalgia and treats the player with a genuinely great game.Overall: 10/10PC: 9/10PSN: N/AWii U: 10/103DS: 10/10Xbox One: 10/10 (recommended platform)"
,Recommended,250760,14390730,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Keizgon,"One of the most polished retro games I've seen to date. Shovel Knight not only demonstrates old school game-play at its finest, but even spot-on graphics and music from the 8-bit era of gaming. I look forward to any future retro titles from Yacht Club Games."
,Recommended,250760,17711269,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Frogmansmall,"Amazing platformer with a great soundtrack. It has simple controls, lots of enemies to battle, great retro graphics and each level and checkpoint is just long enough to be a challenge but not have you in a rage! There are extra jems and hidden areas for you to find if you are a completionist but overall a great game. Took me 9hrs to play through and I'm awful at platformers :)"
,Recommended,250760,12368596,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Messer <∞>,Difficult but not frustrating platformer in the style of Megaman meets Castlevania.
76561198070559947,Recommended,250760,12240460,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ToiletBewbs,Game was awesome! Recomend if you like the old school stuff!
76561198079741323,Recommended,250760,12240935,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Il Vate,"Very fun game, difficult and rewarding at the same time. Nostalgic graphics and music, interesting, challenging bosses and creatures and a feeling of progression as you defeat bosses. Unique tactics and gimmicks for each level and unique items from each. Overall fun to play, i do recommend."
76561197992253608,Recommended,250760,12248519,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Andrew Jackson: Combat Cyborg,"There really is no need for yet another review wandering on about how good this lil' game is but I'll say so anyway. I've played a lot of games in my day but and I don't know if its age but I haven't felt anywhere near as engaged with them as I did when I was a kid. This game broke that pattern. The design is thoughtful and innovative without resorting to gimmicky extras or the cheap deaths that most 'hard platformers' have. By the end I was progressing along at a daring clip and I realized that, for once in a very long time, I was doing so because I had legitimately mastered the mechanics of the game. It's that sort of feeling you get when you play the same map on a multiplayer shooter way too much. When I beat it for the first time it felt very differen than winning most games I've played. Seriously one of the few indie games totally worth paying the non-sale price for. You'll get your money out of it."
,Recommended,250760,12265612,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Letsdance:.,Amazing <3
76561198097323476,Recommended,250760,12285289,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Melder_Scrolls,Really fun throw back game.  Shovel Knight and I will now rest next to the fire forever in happiness.
76561198065547862,Recommended,250760,12293637,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,sploot,"Played the game in its entirety in one sitting, staying up till like 5 in the morning. #worth"
,Recommended,250760,12294754,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,KoolAidManIsMad,"This is the absolute best game I've ever played. One playthrough and I'm going to shell out the $15 to buy it on 3DS & another $15 for the Wii U (and any future console it may come out on). ProJared gave this a 10/10, BalrogtheMaster gave it a Check + (Best score on his review show, BNGR), and The Completionist wouldn't shut up about it. So after seeing his 101st episode (guess the gane), I decided to buy it for myself. I got it on PC because obvious reasons. (*cough* #PCMASTERRACE *cough cough* )  That next day, I played the entire game (The basic adventure, not New Game +) and loved it. The Bosses, The Relics, and who could forget, the Troupple King (A trout mixed with an apple and it's a king and it dances. Do you need more of an explanation.). If you've played game like, Ducktales, Castlevania, Mega Man, just combine them and you have the wonder that is Shovel Knight. Also Jake ""Virt"" Kaufman (Apologies if I mispelled), the guy who did the soundtrack for Ducktales Remastered, Double Dragon Neon, and pretty much most games by WayForward (Which most of the members of Yacht Club Games are from), did the soundtrack. Do you need more reasons? If so, buy this game. 10/10."
76561198045133849,Recommended,250760,12295137,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,BarneyRound,Literally a perfect videogame.
76561198043756041,Recommended,250760,12542343,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,C0rRuPt1oN,The only problem i had with this game is that i wish it was longer. Other than that it is perfect. this game brings back all of the feelings of playing castlevania  with the look and flow of playing a megaman game. if that sounds good to you buy it now.
76561198096273581,Recommended,250760,10924062,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,justinmezzell,"A fun romp that reminds you what you loved about plarformers of old to begin with. And yet, surprisingly, still fresh."
,Recommended,250760,10896976,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MegaSeveN,"This game is excellent. It takes the best aspects of classic NES games and combines them into one immensely enjoyable package. I'm a little over halfway through the game and I'm blown away by the sheer amount of content.Sometimes I feel like games aren't worth their initial prices. This is not one of those times. Buy it. Buy it now, then make a new Steam account and buy it again."
,Recommended,250760,10934705,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,damngary,"Shovel Simulator 2014 is amazing, I had no idea the life of a shovelist was so... SO.. SOOO FUN!The amount of fun I had with this game is huge.I was worried that my nistalgia was a big factor, but the game controls great!The shovel animation is superb! The enemies are fun, the level design is amazing.I love how it mixes so many classic games into one.I would write more, but I doubt you'd want to read it.I recommend this shovel simulation game."
76561198052409893,Recommended,250760,10883473,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,WholeHawk,This game is flawlessSteel thy shovel lads!!!This game has it all-Music-Gameplay-Quality-Content10/10
,Recommended,250760,13726320,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Baby Snakes,I can dig it.
,Recommended,250760,16029378,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Rane2k,"Shovel Knightis, thankfully, not shovelware!This is a platforming gaming withold schoolflair.You are Shovel Knight, on his quest towards the Tower of Fate, to save your friend Shield Knight from danger.But to get there, you must first brawl and dig your way through the ""Order of No Quarter"", a group of knights in service of the Enchantress...My impressionI have the distinct feeling that the creator´s favourite game was Mega Man 2, the platforming action and feel of the controls mostly remind me of that game. That´s a good thing. :-)There are also traces of Mario in there.But fear not, the game is far from a clone, it brings enough of its own to the table, while paying homage to the classics.Everything is tied together with an upbeat chiptune soundtrack, which I quite enjoyed.Difficulty & StuffI would say the difficulty is medium. While I mentioned Mega Man 2 earlier, this is far easier. While there are some tricky platforming sections, frustration is kept low. The boss fights range from easy (King Knight) to fairly punishing (Plague Knight!).By gather gold and gems you can afford items and permanent upgrades to your life and magic to make things easier.Death sets you back to the last checkpoint, which are fairly spaced out. You also lose a portion of your gold, which is left floating at the place where you fell, to recollect.Duration & ReplayabilityThe game took me about 6-7 hours to complete. After that, there is aNew Game Plusmode, which has you starting with all of your gear, but increased difficulty (mostly less health pickups and more damaging enemies).I have not completed it yet, but it is noticably harder than the first round.There is also a number of ""feats"" (achievements) to be gained, and a lot of secret rooms to find.Heartilty recommended if you like classic platformers from the NES era.I guess the game is rather kid friendly, there is no actual violence, the Shovel Knight gives his adverseries a sound spanking, but nobody is killed.Also: The Shovel Knight´s deadly sin isGreed, seriously, hoarding all that gold.. ;-)"
,Recommended,250760,11179292,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Vlad,"This game made me smile upon opening into the main title screen, I had flashbacks of my youth and the multitude of retro class gaming which i experienced. Shovel Knight brings all the old things that you loved from retro style gaming and threw it into a more smooth controlling system. I've loved every moment of this game from it's original storyline to its interesting and comical bosses. The random events are just a bonus and it just reminds me of what throwing the old Super mario into a bowl and smashing the old classic Zelda games into it and out came Shovel Knight. Also you get a shovel......10/10"
,Recommended,250760,15681279,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,AlanEdgeHead,"Shovel Knight is an absolutely perfect homage to the golden era of gaming. It takes elements from games like Mega Man, Zelda II, and DuckTales and mixes it into one big giant game of perfection. If you're a fan of retro games, Shovel Knight is an absolute must buy."
,Recommended,250760,23029501,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,mad mango,i suck at this kind of game and at times it is frustrating as heck. that being said the levels are not only visually appealing but creative and have some very interesting gameplayThe characters and the world itself are established in a way that just lets the love which went into this game shine through.Especially the end credit scenes (before end credit? pre end credit?) are one of the most charming ones I have ever seeni'm just really loving it. will definitely replay.
,Recommended,250760,23139903,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,็็็็็็็็็็,Really good platformer with nice pixel art and unique bosses
,Recommended,250760,13890077,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,garballax,"It's like a greatest hits album of NES games, introducing the best concepts from the original Mario Brothers games, Castlevania, Mega Man, and other classics. This is the perfect example of a brilliant execution of an awesome concept. Perfect controls, beautiful asthetics, and gameplay that can't be beat. I love this game."
76561197980238865,Recommended,250760,13183127,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Blarghalt,"Are you tired of all the self-styled ""retro"" games that only ran the graphics through a pixel filter? Do you miss the awesome, catchy-as-hell chiptune music of old? Are you even remotely miffed that Capcom apparently hates Megaman now?If so, buy this. You'll be treating yourself to one of the best platformers seen in a decade."
76561198121529247,Recommended,250760,19861695,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Stop,10/10 - Human with brain
76561198025264076,Recommended,250760,16410735,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,AlderBeez,Do you like jumping? Get this game!Do you like digging for gold? Get this game!Do you like listening to good music while doing those things? Get this game!Just get this game
,Recommended,250760,15029024,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Beer Baron,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing good.Not even going to write a funny review. It's just ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,250760,18021355,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Raptor,Shovel knight is a game that will take us to the past wil retro games. If you like plataformers you will LOVE this game.Its like mario: A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story but an exellent gameplay.8.6/10
,Recommended,250760,23029537,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Rosie,"This game is by far one of the funnest (deal with it funnest is now a word so sayeth me) games i have played in a long time. with the cartoonish music and level design to match, it creates a great retroish atmmosphere while still having interesting and engaging set of tools and hidden elements everywhere.  The 'death' system is tough but fair, with the ability to regain lost items upon revival, but if you died in a really dumb spot, they won't be available. overall, an absolutely ridiculous game that is well worth whatever you pay for it."
76561197972512460,Recommended,250760,13787317,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,bonuswavepilot,"Retro done right.The work of a dev with not only an excellent understanding of the chunky pixels and limited colour palette aesthetic, but one who has been meticulous in the feel of the controls and in the design of the levels.  Good range of enemies and one-liner town NPCs, hidden stuff everywhere, and intelligent mechanics like the risk/reward option of destroying your checkpoints for greater loot."
,Recommended,250760,24348464,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Zarozax,"Beautiful visual design, challenging platforming, witty and memorable characters, intuitive mechanics, ample rewards. This game pretty much has every component that sets up a truly excellent experience. A source of pretty much guaranteed fun."
,Recommended,250760,11064282,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Spychosis,"A nice little title that about saving worlds and shoveling loot--recreated as an NES game but with a few more colors on screen at one time. The pacing is a bit off early on. You get infinite lives, but every time you die there is a steep phat loot penalty--causing you to try to reclaim dat loot from where you died. All in all though, if you like Duck Tales mixed with Zelda and a dash of Super Mario for good measure, then this game is for you.:Tips to avoid pulling hair out over losing dat phat, phat loot:-The fishing pole can grab dat phat loot that looms over chasms after you've died.-Keep a yellow potion to snag other phat loot you don't have time to grab.-Sometimes, if it's a tough area--and the save station is a ways back--it might be best to let dat sweet phat loot go until later. I know you gotta get all dat sweet phat glorious loot but the phatest loot can be grabbed more easily with other sweet phat gloriously triumphant looted relics later in the game.... after they've been looted most phatedly."
76561198066694604,Recommended,250760,17579737,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,TurbulentStriker,"It's like a really good NES game except you don't have to blow into the cartridge or jury rig the hell out of your NES everytime you want to play it.I rate it a 9/11, I won't forget it."
76561198079427351,Recommended,250760,15229928,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Flint IronStag,"As a gamer, I've never been too keen on the big-name modern games.  I want to enjoy them, but they often come off as bland, uninspired, and lacking a distinct charm that I crave.  Hell, it took me until Team Fortress 2 to even own an FPS title.So yeah, I'm a fan of the classics, and it saddens me that younger gamers seldom get a taste of what gaming was like back in the day.  Leave it to Shovel Knight to set the record straight.Right from the first notes of the intro stage theme, I knew that this was gonna be FUN.  And I was exactly right.  It was FUN.  The distinct charm that I crave.  FUN.Poetic language aside, I love just about everything in this game.  The gameplay is simple to understand yet hard to master.  The presentation is quirky and colorful (the main character wields a shovel, for Mew's sake). and everything from the 8-bit graphics to the kickass chiptune soundtrack reeks of retro charm.Speaking of retro, the gameplay reflects this quite well.  As stated before, it's simple and draws inspiration from several sources, yet it still feels like its own entity.  After all, it's still a game made in 2014, and the achievement system and upgrade shops serve as a reminder to this.Of course, a game isn't retro without challenge, and it's sadly the one point that I find slightly lacking.  That's not because there is no challenge; it just feels like the wrong kind of challenge at times.  I can tolerate challenge via level design and game progression, and Shovel Knight does that well.  However, I still can't get over certain factors that feel rather cheap at times.  Enemy placement is ungodly annoying, especially in the later levels, and design choices like the blackout segments from the Lich Yard never cease to infuriate me.  Even then, all you're doing is losing money upon death, but if you die repeatedly, get ready to grind gold and backtrack to get what you want.But I can overlook this.  Because really, if that's all I have to complain about, then Shovel Knight is truly worthy of the acclaim it's received.  Mainstream developers, take notes.  Because indie companies are on the rise, and if this game is any indication, they're doing your job better than you are at the moment.9.5/10; currently my favorite game that I first played in 2015"
,Recommended,250760,12047866,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Gemini Dragon,"Long story short, I LOVE this game.  There is only one real gripe I have about it (and a secondary minor one), but the music, level design, and even the story are amazing.  The bosses (some of them anyways) are not as hard as one would think and can be dispatched pretty easily, and you inherently have infinite lives on a given level.  While you do lose loot on death and you can destroy checkpoints (those concepts I like), it's not quite enough to balance out the fact that it's more about your patience on a level than using a more traditional lives pool.As I said earlier though, music, gameplay, level design, and the story are very well detailed and worth indulging in the game.  If you ever wanted to introduce someone to what classic gaming was like, this is a good place to start."
76561198167583301,Recommended,250760,20241389,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CosbyybsoC,good as heck but a bit short...
76561197970344633,Recommended,250760,11038235,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Zombeing,"You take the best bits from Megaman (8 boss themed stages, ridiculously catchy 8bit tunes) and you mix it with some Mario style overhead level selecting (including extra areas and extra boss encounters) and top it off with some lite RPG leveling mechanics, and you got an amazing homage to the 8bit era. The platforming is engaging, with treacherous enemy placement and a down attack mechanic that boosts your height. The combat is simplistic, but with a regular stream of new relic abilities, ensures an ever expanding arsenal and mobility enhancements. There's a few too many insta-death areas which will increase your frustration level, but this is classic gaming where pattern recognition and memorization are the name of the game. Plus it has a very forgiving checkpoint system, about 5 per stage, which is about 4 more than you got back in the day. Not only does it look the part, but this is old school gaming at its best."
76561197991439907,Recommended,250760,20343438,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tekhne,"Simply one of the most overwhelmingly well-executed games I have ever played. Charming, funny, brilliantly designed, satisfyingly concluded, Shovel Knight's quest (which has, by the way, distinct Arthurian undertones) is one that will stay with you for a long time. The art direction and music deserve special praise: the soundtrack is megaman-esque, but with more fantasy oriented sounds. I never tired of hearing the music for each level. Propeller Knight's level's music is an example of perfeclty matched sounds to the style of the level, in my opinion. The look of each level is very distinct, which to me more than makes up for the fact that there are a relatively small number of them---I was excited to play each level as I got to it, and to be honest, this game made me feel that excited gaming feeling that I haven't really felt since I was younger. So obviously I'm going to recommend it! Please let there be a sequel..."
76561197969372390,Recommended,250760,19370466,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,mr. nails,Looking for a platformer that crosses Duck Tales and Mega Man in pseudo 16-bit style?  Look no further.  In this excellent retro style side scrolling platformer you control Shovel Knight.  Weilding a shovel as his main weapon of choice as he combats his way through his 10 hour quest in order to find Shield Knight.There are bosses throughout this adventure and each stage hides upgrades to further your expendition in search of his shield weilding counter part.  Much like a Metroidvania some areas you can not progress unless you do find these upgrades or purchase them from the trader in the town.The game is extremely well done and the musical score is fantastic as well.  The devs have already released DLC that extends the life double fold and for FREE!  The bosses are fun and fairly easy to defeat.  The games stages though start off easy enough and progressively get more difficult as you make your way to the end.Recommended to anyone that loves a good platformer with story.  10/10
76561197991819924,Recommended,250760,19751049,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Sylian,This game is fantastic.
76561198005351852,Recommended,250760,11478924,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Dr. Greenman The Scary Scientist,"Let's combine Megaman, Ducktales and Castlevania... oh and maybe little bit mario, what do we get Shovel Knight.This game is an fine gem with kickass soundtrack, gameplay, idea of the weapon, bosses and challenge.As Megaman, it got 8 bossess, 8 sub-weapons that you get to get trough the stage (not from after defeating boss, just find blue chest with Jester selling item) and let's not forget the kicking music that makes you go for it.As Ducktales, it use some technique and attacks and... well, treasures. (not much familiar with ducktales game)As Castlevania, it use lot of medieval look, breakable wall, food as health and running to the castle.As mario, well just the map.This may not be very clear review about it, but if you like good 8-bit game with interesting weapon of choice, good sountracks and if you are fan of any of these game, I recommend to buy it, it's worth on your money as it worth on my money."
76561198136863547,Recommended,250760,19353214,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CitrusVirus,amazing
76561198015632113,Recommended,250760,10884899,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,integrity744,"Excellent retro platformer with tight controls, great levels, and a challenging, non-troll, level of difficulty. Extra appeal to those who spent their youth in front of an NES. Buy it now!"
,Recommended,250760,11150285,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Borlemont,"If you enjoy Mega Man, old school graphics, and an amazing, mysterious, and heart-breaking story, this is the game for you. Over all, this game was decently hard, there are a lot of surprises and just difficult parts in it. It is as if they took the death dynamics from the Souls series and made it into their own, slightly less punishing, idea. I highly recommend this game to almost anyone."
,Recommended,250760,26822844,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trump X Putin,"Shovel Knight is one of my favorite games of all time. It has great music, solid controls, nice to look at, etc. I could go on for a while. This game has been something I could always go back and play and have a really good time doing so. If you haven't bought the game yet, you should definitely consider it, it will definately be worth your while."
76561198009967786,Recommended,250760,20196939,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Arizer,Amazing game that truly deserves more recognition. This piece of art combines the best bits of the classic platformers and does it exceptionally well. Gameplay is superb and the levels provide enough challenge and variety to keep the player interested. Extra credits for the soundtrack. Did I already mention the soundtrack?Enjoy your nostalgia trip!Update:The Plague Knight campaign is also worth to play. Switch the shovel to different types of customizable bombs to best fit every situation and you got a whole new game. You get to see the events from another point of view with the same consistent quality as in the original campaign.Not convinced yet? Two more campaigns are on the way! Prepare for Specter Knight and King Knight.
,Recommended,250760,11196112,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Earl Russel Browder,"Shovel Knight is a great game, but it still has flaws.In the style department, Shovel Knight predictably feels like some kind of NES game on steroids (in a good way); everything feels retro and original, yet there are extra animations and frames that wouldn't be there in an actual older game. This makes Shovel Knight a much cleaner, more modern experience without detracting from the style, sort of like a rotary dial telephone that's connected with modern phone lines, if that analogy works for you. The soundtrack is similar, retro and modern at the same time.Controls-wise, the game is also spot on. It's a simple, yet fun system that allows for big plays to be made with very little there in the level. A simple ledge, some spikes, and the weakest enemy in the game can suddenly turn into a crazy combo in which you kill the enemy, avoid the spikes, and jump on the ledge. Easy? No. Satisfying? Immensely.Is it a perfect game? No. Shovel Knight does get a bit mixed up in respects to the bosses. Yes, it is in the style of an older game, so yes, you will be dying and restarting the room many times if you run into a hard bit. Yet the bosses seem to not be the kind of enemy that do things predictably. As such, you'll really just have to go in, figure out what the boss does every time it so much as moves a finger, figure out how to avoid that, and then die and try again. This may just be a sign of my mediocracy at games like these, but it really feels like the world champion at NES games and my eleven-year-old brother would have the same amount of difficulty on their first few tries at the bosses. They don't fit into the ""play more and you get better"", but rather go ""play until you know EVERYTHING I'M GOING TO DO AND HOW TO DODGE IT then never apply it again after you beat me"".When you die, you can go back and collect your gold, so the only thing you technically lose on these tens of tries on the bosses is time, and maybe patience. Yet it gets boring and annoying when the boss keeps throwing something your way that you can't seem to avoid. The bosses hit harder, faster, and have more health than you.It's frustratng, and I can see a lot of people just giving up after a few gos, but hard-core rougelike-playing masochists will have quite a bit of fun with it.TL;DR 8/10 Great game, tedious at times, and not for everyone. Worth, but maybe wait for a sale if you don't know for sure you like this kind of game."
76561198078034842,Recommended,250760,30985027,Posted: 6 April,all,Tonguetyd,"Much has been said about the merits of Shovel Knight, and repeating them would be an exercise in redundancy.What I do want to direct attention to is the fact that since my original purchase, two additional high-quality campaigns have been added, both of which have a playtime very comparable to that of the original playthrough.In short, the game's length has tripled in size for free. What other developer can claim such a feat? Even at the time of purchase, Shovel Knight was a very recommendable game, and now that factor has been increased tenfold."
,Recommended,250760,18118646,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,robberman,"Incredibly sidescroller with great mechanics. Gets repetitive after first playthrough, but the new updates seem to be trying to fix that."
76561198145857984,Recommended,250760,18140276,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Skorpyin,"HEY YOU.YEAH YOU!WHY ARE YOU READING THIS REVIEW?GO BUY SHOVEL KNIGHT.NOW.BUY IT.But seriously, one of the best games I have ever played, and i am a game fanatic.  Also, plague of shadows is really, really sweet.  A free bonus game? yep. its good."
,Recommended,250760,30987077,Posted: 6 April,all,Mr. R,"Maaan, if this game had been around when I was a kid, this would have been the number 1 game of my childhood. It's just so good for an old school NES-style platformer. The challenges are satisfying and the level design is pretty fun and great to explore. The added free DLC to the game is an amazing gesture, and the DLC is pretty worthwhile in it's own right! Highly recommended."
76561198016101012,Recommended,250760,18131763,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Deadinferno,i dig this game
76561198051740153,Recommended,250760,23944094,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Etheru,"So I got this game for 10 bucks, but was waiting for it to go on sale for lower, since it seemed like it couldn't possibly provide as much entertainment as everyone said it would for the price of 15 bucks.I was wrong.First, I learned how to run, jump, and dig, then applied those skills to surprisingly perilous but conveniently fair platforming, all to go up against knights of varying themes and regalia, all to defeat an evil Enchantress, and, in doing so, saved the kingdom andmy girlfriend.So then I decided to try Plague of Shadows, having heard it's pretty different, but still expected the same core game.I was once again wrong as I had to relearn everything, having to learn how to throw bombs, bomb jump, and apply those skills to much more almost laughably easy platforming, and betrayed all of my allies for the specific purpose ofimpressing my girlfriend, all while the story made no attempt to hide how evil I was.4/6/17: Now, for Specter of Torment:It was worth the wait as I had to once again relearn everything again, from using my faster scythe, homing attacks, all with mostly unrecycled environments so that , as I beat up a bunch of people to force them to join an organization against their wishes, have PTSD andinadvertently kill my best friend, while the story tries its best to make Specter Knight more sympathetic. Which it did.Pros:Beautiful 8-Bit SpritesFair difficultyFun story and charactersPros (Plague of Shadows):Almost feels like an entirely different game specifically due to the playstyle and fixes to make the mode workGives you just enough to go on, but leaves you a lot of room to learn how it worksDoesn't eventryto sugarcoat that Plague Knight is an amoral ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to anyone except Mona, which is refreshing.Pros (Specter of Torment):Once again, feels like an almost entirely different game, especially since it actually has brand new stages; hell, it's actually being soldasa separate game, for 10 bucks!Manages to be serious and darker, but without compromising the franchise's signature lighthearted humor.A lot of pre-established characters get more backstory to make them interesting.Cons:Some stages are plagued with annoying enemies (The Flying Meanies particularly suck)Some stages have parts that that autoscroll upwardPretty short if you know what you're doing (need to try the New Game+)Cons (Plague of Shadows):Theromantic angleis a bit by the numbers (not that it doesn't distract from how good the game mode is)A bit same-y to the main story, but the gameplay changes make up for itShovel Knightis annoying to fightCons (Specter of Torment):Remember the stage parts that autoscroll upward? This hasthreeof thoseSome of the levels and bosses border on unfair for the sake of being unfair (Polar Knight in particular; Specter Knight isnotbuilt to fight him)It's shorter than both the main game and Plague of ShadowsOverall, it's a great game with very few hiccups, and I amverymuch looking forward to King Knight's game mode.I Need To Re-evaluate My Taste In Games/10"
,Recommended,250760,10929295,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Spooky_Star,Truly epic! One of the best games I have played in ages. Shovel Knight perfectly embodies everything that was good about the NES. I don't have a single negative thing to say about it. No review could ever do this game justice. So what are you doing still reading this review? Go and play the game already!
76561198055196119,Recommended,250760,22367033,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,StarchyBotato,My Favorate Game with a good reason
,Recommended,250760,20449514,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ghost Shark,world class digging sim
,Recommended,250760,16612969,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Liqs,Got stuck on one level for so long I broke my controller. 10/10
,Recommended,250760,31105569,Posted: 12 April,all,DestroyerOfWorlds420,"This game is amazing. A true tribute to the platformers we love from the 80s and 90s. I sat on the fence about this one for a while and ended up paying 27$cdn for it but let me tell ya its worth every penny. Great story and lore, jam packed with content right now with what looks like alot more to come. Fun, interesting levels, charecters and mechanics. This game has everything you would want in a platformer and it has it in spades. ;)"
,Recommended,250760,23740198,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Willie D.C.,For my pretty much 7 hours in this game and I still haven't finished it... Pick it up! You will not be disappointed. It is a great platformer and does a great job as a retro title. Platforming has never been this fun.
,Recommended,250760,13931846,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,toastbar,"This is an amazing game.  A NES players delight with super mario 3, mega man, castlevania and more all rolled into one.  Love this"
,Recommended,250760,31282567,Posted: 21 April,all,Fuelled_By_Coffee,"The added content really push this game into somthing special. I was suprised by how attached I could get to some small pixelated images, but I really grew to care for the characters."
,Recommended,250760,23898681,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HyperTumor,"First, there is Shovel of Hope, the original Shovel Knight story, which is good and also has nice soundtrack.Then comes in Plague of Shadow which is some sort of ""side story"" from Plague Knight perspective. The control might takes time to get used to, but believe me, once you master the arts of bomb burst, you will having a *blast* playong PoS.And now, there is Specter of Torment, which is a prequel to the original Shovel of Hope story. You play as Specter Knight, recruiting the Order of No Quarter . Sadly the the campaign is pretty short compared to SoH or PoS. The control is easy to get used to compared to Pos. Also, compared to PoS, Specter of Torment stages is redesigned from scratch to cater Specter Knight mobility.(Will be updating this review again when King Knight's campaign released)Overall, its very worth it. If you like Megaman, you should get this game."
,Recommended,250760,33211812,Posted: 3 July,all,Johnny Two Tips,One of the most fun platformers I'e ever played
76561198136592930,Recommended,250760,25030455,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,niceidot,this game is based of my faverate NES games while still being its own thing
,Recommended,250760,11113164,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Nall,yeah. it's a good game.
,Recommended,250760,12690068,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ÐڒRɵςוρɵ,"Shovel Knight is a wonderful game that is well worth the money for any SNES era gamers. It features responsive platforming speckled with a host of gimmicks to keep things interesting. Its only shortcoming, perhaps, is its relatively short campaign length."
,Recommended,250760,11077777,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,The Cowboy,"10/10, no arguements, exactly what it should be. Perfect."
,Recommended,250760,14954814,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Spiderman 3 for Wii,"Revolving around a nobel shovel wielding knight on a quest to defeat an evil enchantress, Shovel Knight features some of the best platforming seen in the past few years, an entertaining story, and innovative and challenging boss fights. This is a game that will never get old, and my only complaint is that it's too short."
,Recommended,250760,14571416,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,GreenOutBoy,"Its ♥♥♥♥ing amzingbut dont be fooled its hard as ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥I raged so hard i broke my keyboard,If you like challenge this game is for you ,but if you like nostalgia and casual put on easy and collect EVERYTHINGso buy it know its generally awesome 9/10Have Fun ,CR00K"
76561197973952918,Recommended,250760,11480463,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,blu_light16,"Shovel Knight brilliantly recreates the style of early '90s platformers, from the old-school aesthetic to the satisfying level design. Tying it all together is a lighthearted and surprisingly effective story that gives the game a real heart. Unfortunately, much like the older games that inspired it, Shovel Knight can be unfair at times; numerous deaths and forced repetition really hurt the experience. Fans of older games are guaranteed to be pleased with Shovel Knight, but newcomers may grow impatient with its unforgiving difficulty. Regardless, this is a very unique title that's worth a look from everyone who loves creative games.(Rating: 8/10 “Very Good”)"
,Recommended,250760,13978316,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,TrashFish,i'm cumming help i ca
,Recommended,250760,11283616,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,BOOTY SWEET,Support your indie developers. ♥♥♥♥ing buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥best game of 2014 so far
76561198078381678,Recommended,250760,11042886,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Puertorico,HAIL!!! THE KING OF FRUIT AND FISH!!!!
,Recommended,250760,13800205,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ikarrus,"It's a great throwback to the sort of games I used to play while I was growing up.I had lots of fun, the game was just right in terms of difficulty, and the setting is reminiscent of Adventure Time's in terms of mood and sillyness/awesomeness. All played against a pretty awesome soundtrack.I strongly recommend this for any fan of old platformers.EDIT: The additional Campaigns they periodically release is just as, if not more awesome, than the base game. There is easily more than 3x the amount of content the game originally shipped with, and not one of it feels wasted!"
,Recommended,250760,31007606,Posted: 7 April,all,Wizrad,"It's an extremely fun game, but my only problem was that a lot of times when I died, it felt completely out of my control."
76561197995192247,Recommended,250760,31029298,Posted: 8 April,all,Luft,Amazing game with a ton of replayability!
76561198008300418,Recommended,250760,31030639,Posted: 8 April,all,Greeko roman unboxing,"This game is a great throw back to some of the old games : mega man esqe, challenging, but also not infuriatingly tough.It has very simple, yet dynamic control and gameplay, with good platforming, combat, and other gameplay elements.The game has great humor, puns everywhere, and its always fun exploring everything in levelsOne of the best things is this game has several campaigns : shovel knight, plauge knight, spectre knight, and soon king knight : They all play different, having different means of movement, attack, and different items. So it kinda feels like 3 different games with megaman style, because each one plays VERY different than the others : some have very big strengths, but others will have trouble where others would have no troubleIf you love old castlevania / megaman style gameplay, this is a very good deal to play : Whats also nice is this is playable without controller, unlike say, supermeatboy."
,Recommended,250760,11060634,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jAke,"puns are the lowest form of comedy, and it's gotten to the point that even if you ironically make a pun you become the cringiest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to ever grace the planet."
76561198072971364,Recommended,250760,11079478,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Nossk,Dark Souls got nothin on this game. It's hard. I'm bad at games. 10/10 would shovel again.
,Recommended,250760,11341128,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,MajestikLark,"This might just be my game of the year for 2014, unless Super Smash Bros. can manage to blow my mind yet again. Let me list a few reasons why this game is so awesome.1. The 8-bit graphicsThe graphics in this game have amazed me and given me a somewhat nostalgic feel of playing games on the nes. Another great thing about this is that it never makes fun of itself for being a retro looking/feeling game. (*cough cough retro city rampage * cough cough) With the constant overflow of old looking games, this one really stands out, especially for its beautiful animations.2. The level designThe level design is also very creative, one minute throwing me into a village reminiscent of Zelda II and the next, leading me underground to fight a giant mole-monster-humanoid-thing. This game is loaded with variety, and the platforming is pixel-perfect.3. The difficulyNo game I've ever played before has ever made me slam down on my computer's keyboard as hard as I did when I kept falling into the same pit over and over again. But it wasn't the game's fault for the ""clunky platforming"", but mine because I knew I had messed up. The game is unbelievably hard, but it also has such a forgiving death system that makes it very beatable, and with enough practice you can get amazing at every single level, and then go back to find all the secrets that you missed.4. The musicThe Shovel Knight soundtrack is probably one of the best soundtracks ive ever heard in a game, if not the best. The chiptune flows beautifully into your ears. It sounds like 8-bit heaven, and I would without a doubt reccomend for everyone to download the soundtrack off of the official Bandcamp page.And i've just scratched the surface. But if you want the full deal, I would totally ""dig deeper"" and give this game a try, wether you like classic games or not.TENOUTTATEN."
,Recommended,250760,11045088,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sigurd Yngvildr,"If you liked NES Megaman style platforming, you'll like this game.  I have 2 100% completions in my library of games.  This is one of them.  That should be testament enough to how fun this game is.Here's hoping for a sequel *fingers crossed*"
76561198086250758,Recommended,250760,10989193,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Phantom Patriot,Best game in my library.
76561198143064001,Recommended,250760,17967125,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,HxC.Scene.Kid.666,"AMAZING GAME. The soundtrack is perfect, the controls (with a controller) are perfect, the graphics are amazing, the levels are so different from one another, the upgrades and items to shop give great changes to the way you deal with the different obstacles along you way, there are soooo many things to do in taht game... I just love it :) ! GET IT!"
,Recommended,250760,11198708,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Delin Windsong,"such a amazing game and felt like I was playing Zelda 2 (nes) , mega man (nes) and super mario 3 all in one."
76561198124121707,Recommended,250760,11026207,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,goldencobra1399,This game is  a very good platformer and has many mechanics during the whole game. This makes the game feel fresh and different in each level of the game. When you even complete the game their is still many more things to do  which makes this game worth the price you pay for it. Each stage of the game doesnt even get stale because how many new things their are in each level
,Recommended,250760,11043337,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Chaz,"Refreshing gameplay remeniscant of the old skool platforming era while adding in many interesting rpg elements (weapon and armor upgrades, an array of different spells). This game is well worth the money and I'm enjoying it thoroughly. Music is great aswell. GET IT."
,Recommended,250760,13866904,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Tweeter,"This game was fantastic.  Takes the old retro platformer formula and perfects it.  It is challenging at times but isn't super punishing. Auto-saves, checkpoints, and the ""Super Mario-esque"" overworld map makes this a great one for those who just want to do a level and take a break, but it is addicting so you probably won't put it down.The story is very 1989 NES but that is what makes it great, the controls are super tight and the level design is super.  I recommend this to anyone. It would make a great handheld game so maybe the 3ds version is worth looking at.With all the items and levels completed it took me 5-6 hours, I missed some collectables though if you're the completionist type.  Overall this game is fantastic and worth a playthrough, I will definitely be doing a ""New Game Plus"" run.5 ""Ridiculous Shovel Puns"" out of 5"
,Recommended,250760,13768598,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Selene,Did you enjoy the likes of MegaMan when you where young?GET THIS GAME!Are you being young right now and like games?GET THIS GAME!Do you like...-Tight controls?-Beautifully crafted 8-bit sprites?-Freaking awesomely awesome chiptune sountracks?-Experiences clearly designed with the utmost care and love for the genre?-ALL OF THE ABOVE?!GET THIS GAME!Are you a dark overlord with a hate for everything fun?DON'T GET THIS GAME!I rest my case
,Recommended,250760,11474856,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,King Eccy,"I know what you're thinking... oh, another indie retro platformer.Shovel Knightis definitely that, but it's also the finest example of that in the last few years.Developed byYacht Club Games, This is yet another success of how Kickstarter can bring you a game that would of not otherwise been made via  traditional funding methods.Shovel Knight takes the retro-ness to a new level though. It's incredibly faithful, whilst removing some of the limitations of the NES console (like sprite flickering, and some other limitations). The developers stuck to the original NES color palette, though they added an 1 or 2 extra colours as Yacht Club insisted that they couldn't make certain things look the way they wanted without the extra colours. It's outstounding what they did with the limitations. The pixel art is absolutely full of character, talent and is wonderful to look at.You play as a knight that wields a shovel -  aka Shovel Knight (how awesome, right?). The story is quite simple, Shovel Knight and Shield Knight fought alongside each other, traversing across the world seeking treasure together. But for reasons that I won't spoil, you are seperated. After secluding himself and griefing for Shield Knight, he digs up his shovel again, hoping to find and rescue Shield Knight.The sound uses a sound engine that was used in some of the Japanese Famicom console or something along those lines. You can even put the sound track onto a NES cartridge, and it would play on a NES! (Sadly, the whole game wouldn't though - as I mentioned, they removed some of the limitations that wouldn't make it possible to play it on a NES console). It definitely nails the authenticity of 8bit sound.The music is probably why I instantly fell in love with Shovel Knight within the first 30 seconds of the first level. What a cracker of a track. Every single level has a track that you will be bopping and humming melodies to for days. This isn't music that is 'good for chiptunes', it is GREAT music that just happens to be chiptunes.As every track has a theme, so do the levels. Every level has a themed boss (Propeller Knight, Polar Knight and Mole Knight - for instance), where the whole level will be themed around the boss mechanically and visually. Every level adds some new mechanic and challenge that keeps it fresh as you progress through the game.The razor tight controls are why it's so fun to play (I would recommend playing with a pad). It takes elements from certain games like Duck Tales, Megaman and Mario... and combines them with some light RPG elements. What you have is a game that feels, looks and plays oldschool. But has the polish and design tendancies of a more modern game. It gets quite challenging towards the towards the end of the game too, but newgame+ is where you will find the real challenge as checkpoints are halved, enemies do more damage, and most food platters that heal you will instead, turn into bombs that will try to bury you.I can't really praise Shovel Knight enough. It does so much right, and if it was released 20 years ago, it probably would of been hailed as a classic."
,Recommended,250760,14275377,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Human Bean Juice,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-OYKd8SVrI5 out of 5Great pun simulator with some 2D retro platforming. I can dig it!
,Recommended,250760,31018720,Posted: 8 April,all,filthy weeaboo furry,is fun
,Recommended,250760,31029483,Posted: 8 April,all,laitizin,"Shovel Knight is a retro-style game done right.Great level design, challenging and rewarding gameplay, beautiful pixel art visuals, a catchy soundtrack, and free content updates that add things such as: new campaigns, features, etc.If you're into games with a style similar to the classic Megaman and Castlevania titles or just the action platform genre overall, then look no further!Shovel Knight is definitely worth your time and money."
,Recommended,250760,30991165,Posted: 6 April,all,Wolfenstrike,"Ever heard the phrase ""Like a fine wine, it gets better with age""? Well, after 2 free DLC's that reallyshouldcount as proper expansions and with another one in the works, this game takes that phrase a little too seriously. I loved it back in 2014 and I love it even more in 2017.Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,250760,31028518,Posted: 8 April,all,meme content,"It's so good. It's soooooo good.+As of writing, there are 3 separate characters you can play as, each with their own unique playing style (my personal favorite being Specter Knight)+Gorgeous pixel art combined with a fantastic soundtrack.+Brilliant level design.+It's rather difficult, but in the good, Dark Souls kind of way.+No filler content; every single level is different, fun, and meaningful.+Comedic writing; this game doesn't take itself too seriously, and is more enjoyable as a result.+Near flawless controls. Everything feels fluid and deliberate, and most of your deaths won't be the result of random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Notice how those points were all positive? That's because I can't find anything wrong with this game. For 25 dollars, this is a ♥♥♥♥ing steal. If you haven't experienced this game yet, I genuinely feel sorry for you. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,250760,15787369,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Sleepy the fool,You know what dis' a ground-breaking game! (I'm gonna get shot for this)
,Recommended,250760,16538579,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zgamer100,"Amazing game. Old school platforming action, but way better!"
,Recommended,250760,16542539,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,✪ Dekkerz,bom pra crl lek pode comprar
,Recommended,250760,17988163,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sir Narwhalian,"Shovel Knight, since early 2015, has been my favorite game of all time.It is the perfect display of how games should be made.The game design is beautiful with few flaws (could have some improvements to the bosses, such as making the stage mechanics tie into the fights).The art is pixel perfect (literally) with everything being the correct mood while still retaining that old game look and feel.The soundtrack is one of the absolute best I've heard, I often catch myself listening to it as I'm working on stuff.All DLC is completey free, so thats 4 godlike campaigns for only $25 :PI hope you try out this amazing game too.~Sir Narwhalian"
,Recommended,250760,11521715,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,dimensh,"to start off, i gotta say, the game is just simply amazing. well worth itthe gameplay feels solid, the levels and boss fights have a great balance of challenge and fun, very reminiscent of classics such as super mario bros 3 and megaman. there are also a ton of interesting mechanics via the relics in-game.the soundtrack, oh my god, it's probably one of the greatest i've heard (especially specter knight's theme)! really brings you that authentic 8-bit experiencespeaking of authentic 8-bit experience, the pixel aesthetic is really well done, contributing greatly to that classic feeloverall, i'd say it's well worth getting if you have a spare 15 bucks. i think anyone could dig this game!"
76561197983572422,Recommended,250760,24920856,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,grande42xcom,"Fast paced, fun, great retro 8-bit soundtrack.  Easy controls and a game mechanic I haven't seen before - getting knocked back after attacking an enemy.  It's usually the other way around.  I can honestly say this is one of the BEST games I've played so far in 2016."
,Recommended,250760,24923949,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,8-Bit Assassin,"Shovel Knight may just be the best platformer of the past few console generations.  Yatch Club Games has outdone themselves with this title bringing players a well tuned, creative game that will keep you wanting to play rather then feeling compelled to keep going just to see the ending.  Whats more is the three free DLC packs that the game has (Plague Knight currently out, King Knight and Specter Knight coming soon) you really are getting four games in one as each campaign plays and has different story than the others.  Whether on sale or standard price Shovel Knight is well worth the cost.  With the recent ressurection of pixel art platformers it is easy to understand why Shovel Knight has come to be the reigning king."
,Recommended,250760,31005319,Posted: 7 April,all,Panic4God,"Great game, would highly recommend to any who wants to sink a few hours into a challenging yet very fun game. 10/10, would shovel again XD"
76561198044741728,Recommended,250760,31009536,Posted: 7 April,all,Terrato,Is good
,Recommended,250760,11324714,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,rudolph the red nose fuck boy,"This game is just so beautiful where do i start,Well lets just say im speachless on how amazing this game is if i had to review it ....... oh wait i am 10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,250760,11069601,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,v4ssili,"A brave knight with the sublime virtue of SHOVELRY.Bringing together the best elements from those good old games like Ducktales, Mega Man, Super Mario Bros and Metroid ;>"
,Recommended,250760,11113662,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,rdbx,YOU LIKE MEGAMAN? YOU LIKE VIDEOGAMES? YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
,Recommended,250760,13905266,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Moralio,"If this game was released in the NES era it would be remembered today as golden classic alongside such titles as Mega Man 2 and Super Mario Bros. 3. It was released in 2014 however and it is one of better representatives of action-platformer genre I've seen in years. Everything is top notch here, from excellent 8bit graphics and music (incredibly catchy music!) to very balanced difficulty and super-tight controls. Thanks Yacht Club Games, please make a sequel."
76561198049203481,Recommended,250760,10975169,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,CTZeal,"If you like old-school 8-bit games, you absolutely must get this one.  A love-letter to all of the NES greats, incorporating elements of Mega Man, Super Mario Bros. 3, Zelda 2: Adventure of Link, Castlevania, and more, it is truly amazing.Gameplay is solid, with none of the floaty response that plagued actual games from the NES era.  Earlier stages start off easier and get progressively more difficult as they go along, but at no point does the game hold your hand.  There are relics to find that give extra abilities, or you can choose not to collect them to give an added challenge.  Your life and magic meters can be likewise extended or not based on your preference.  And the same even goes for weapon and armor upgrades.All of the usual suspects can be found in the stage design: Fire stage?  Check!  Ice stage?  Check!  Water stage, clockwork stage, and multiple-form bosses?  Check, check and check!  And the music!  Oh boy the music.  You'll be humming a lot of the tunes long after you've quit for the night.  I highly recommend picking up the soundtrack, available at a choose-your-own-cost.Get the game.  Get it now.  And love it."
76561198013025716,Recommended,250760,31106095,Posted: 12 April,all,JackHalfaPrayer,"The best written 8-bit game of all time. It's a perfect smoosh of megaman 2, mario 3, castlevania 2: simon's quest, and duck tales for the NES."
,Recommended,250760,26921304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thejonnymar,"Shovel Knight is my favorite game released during the past few years. It does everything a 2D platformer should do right: great graphics, great music, challenging level design, and worthwhile boss encounters. This game combines all the best elements of the classics of the 2D platforming genre (e.g., Mega Man, Castlevania, Ducktales) with modern conveniences (i.e., level checkpoints). Also, you actually get multiple games in one as you can play the alternate storyline of Plague Knight! Get shoveling, dear readers, and play this fantastic game!"
,Recommended,250760,26751806,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Snake Cake,"Absolutely WONDERFUL game! Tremendous replay value! Gorgeous visuals, and an astounding sountrack make it all the better."
,Recommended,250760,26814861,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swagasaurus Rex,good game
76561198042833602,Recommended,250760,27289212,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scarlet21,"Shovel Knight is an absolute masterpiece. It is a beautiful platformer featuring a wonderful cast of characters, a very polished world and level design, variety and challenge. And if the base game was not enough the developers of Yacht Club Games are bringing free dlc, or rather full expansions, that just change the way the game is played: from challenges to whole new campaigns featuring new playable characters. Having played the Plague of Shadows expansion I can confirm that these dlcs are worth looking for, they are so good to the point of seeming like another full game in your library.I see myself coming back to this game many times, and i think it will still be amazing decades from now, without a single doubt. For all platformer fans out there, this is a must have, trust me.If this and all the other reviews have not yet convinced you to buy this game probably nothing ever will. But you will be the one missing out on an amazing adventure! =D"
76561198320465544,Recommended,250760,26325751,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MaydexX,"I played this game for numerous hours on a friends WiiU and was absolutely delighted when I realized it was available on PC.By far the best platformer I played, and I've played a bunch of them. It has that cozy 8-bit feel but also has things like awesome lighting effects (for a game with a 8-bit design, there is), a very neat difficulty curve (sometimes rather challengeing, but never smash-my-keyboard-to-death-hard, except in challenge mode, but that's like Dark Souls 8-bit edition. Don't go there.) the story is entertaining (not to mention the numerous puns....), and the experience in all is very well held toghether.Also. The soundtrack. This is a GREAT game soundtrack.I recommend everyone that ever enjoyed a platformer to at least give it a chance. You probably won't regret it!"
76561198183370571,Recommended,250760,30239261,Posted: 28 February,all,OryZen,"This Game Is Very Colorful And Fun. The Music Is Fun And, Anyone Could Play It! The Price Is Good, But I Think maybe 14.99$ Is Better. Anyways, I Love That I Buyed This Game Adictive."
76561198105184101,Recommended,250760,30249564,Posted: 28 February,all,Shovel,"This is the best game i ever played sad i didnt get it sooner because it is amazing holy hellthe gameplay , the art AND THE ♥♥♥♥ING STORYLINE IS SOOOO DUCKING AWESOMEMAKE MORE DLC'S PLEASE PLEASE <333I higly recoomend it to people who like adventure's and action :D"
76561198054664018,Recommended,250760,30251209,Posted: 28 February,all,Thermoza,"Very fun with retro music and good storytelling, can't wait for the spectral knight and king knight updates"
,Recommended,250760,20542037,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,FeistyFawn,"Nice game,Love it."
76561198230479320,Recommended,250760,20506341,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Deemernoldo,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,250760,22579481,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,You Have Died Of Dysentery,"One of my favourite games of all time. And, with multiple campainges coming out, there will be new content.This game has virtually PERFECT platforming, and a purpose balance of rage (If your bad like me) and the satisfaction of beatng a level. The game is also humoruos, and has some of the best boss fights in gaming history. Definetly worth it."
,Recommended,250760,24704170,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Prumens,"A true homage to the retro community with every aspect, from music to the gameplay, handled in the top-notch sense. There are some lessons to be learned from these guys. And what's more, free downloadable contents is the cherry on the pie."
76561198067606507,Recommended,250760,23433679,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,small cat,"shovel knight is a sweet love letter to 8-bit era platformers with an endearing story, fresh level designs, and nostalgia-evoking soundtrack. although at times it can be a bit challenging, the mechanics are fairly straightforward without being overly simple. it definitely recaptures the retro aesthetic while still managing to be interesting and original. after you beat the main storyline, a NG+ mode and challenge mode are unlocked which are both pretty fun in their own respects. overall great game with lots of replay value!"
,Recommended,250760,24243979,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,shirinpitt,I'm just going to add to the glut of positive reviews here.  I wish Nintendo games had been like this when I was a kid.  I think that says enough.
76561198056480806,Recommended,250760,13044321,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Esiel2k,"I kept hearing about this game and seeing it mentioned everywhere so I thought it would give it a go. It turns out this is probably the best indie game, ever. Any fan of old school/retro gaming (fans of the NES era, especially) are highly, highly recommended to try this one out. Wbat it basically is, is if you smushed together Duck Tales, Megaman, Castlevania and Zelda 2, with a bunch of references to classic NES games. I'm not even kidding. It would take forever for me to list all the references I've picked up from playing through it and I'm not even done yet!This game is clearly a labor of love. It doesn't pretend to be a clone or to be an innovative thing but it certainly pulls off the intention of paying hommage to the classics very well, down to the difficulty. Don't think to get into this and breeze through; it will test your wits and platforming skills. This is one for the nostalgics and for those who weren't around back then but think they've got good platforming skills. As much as some indie games are disposable, we've seen some pretty amazing ones and Shovel Knight is definitely one of them. By far the best indie game of 2014."
,Recommended,250760,25086336,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hobbe4apples,I LOVE PLAGUE KNIGHT! BUY THIS GAME NOW! PLAY IT FOREVER AND EVER! DREAMS DO COME TRUE :D
76561198029104364,Recommended,250760,29494980,Posted: 25 January,all,King Emmanuel,"Shovel Knight is everything it sets out to be and more, so much more. The execution here is flawless and captivating. Stop reading this and go get the game already, the score is Overwhelmingly Positive for a reason, the hype is real!Pros:-Fantastic old school Music, NES/SNES Gameplay,  humor, and memorable characters.- Ample ammounts of content (2 playable characters and 2 more to come, FREEEEEE WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!? (unheard of in todays industry)Cons:NONESTOP READING this and go get it dammit! 10/10 PERFECT"
76561198096434749,Recommended,250760,24087396,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,turkey_of_spades,"All my life I've identified as a demi shovel.When I was a young lad all the other boys played with trucks or soldiers, but I just wanted to play with a shovel. Every year on my birthday and christmas I would ask for a shovel. It didn't even have to be that nice, a 99 cent plastic one would do, but no. My parents would not allow me to carry out my forbidden love.Later on as a teenager I made a deal with a friend. I went to his house and gave him all of my tooth fairy money in exchange for his shovel. In that moment... I was euphoric. No more longing. No more begging. I had everything I ever wanted right there in my hands. I felt an overwhelming series of emotions: pride, guilt, happiness, worry.I thought I could hide my precious.I tried everywhere: the yard, my closet, the neighbors yard, but my parents found it. They found it and they broke it and burned it in front of me. IN FRONT OF ME.Those were the bitterest tears I've ever wept.I was grounded for 3 months but I didn't care anymore. My spirit was broken. It was that night I realized I could go on no longer. I ran away, and started dancing for tips on street corners. Sleeping with thugs, jumping from town to town. It was a horrible life, but eventually I gained enough money to buy my own shovel, and I started my own hole digging service. I didn't care if I was dirt poor (no pun intended).... I was happy.Well the years flew by, and eventually I found a woman, started a family, and got a nice job. But there was a severe price to being a father. I just couldn't keep up my shovel obsession at that point. My wife threatened to kick me out of the house, because the kids were so so scared of my shovel collection and how much time I spent with it. They accused me of not even knowing their names.I sold them. 600 dollars worth of shovels.That was 5 years ago, and I'm over it now, after months of therapy. But the other day, my 10 year old asked me to buy him a game on steam.""Another call of battlefield piece of crap"", I muttered to myself.I saw shovel in the title and passed out.I woke up 3 days later, staring at the hospital ceiling. It was night, and I was alone. I didn't know who I was, or where I was. I looked over and saw a picture of a small child. I wondered why it was there for a while until I realized he was my son. As I started remembering everything and everyone, one thought became dominant in my mind: shovel knight.I jumped out of bed and started looking for a way out. I realized I was only a few stories up, so I made a rope out of the sheets and climbed out. I hitched a ride back to my house, not caring who was driving or what would happen, desperate to lay my hands on that shovel game once and for all.As soon as I got home I bought the game and began playing it, and I just want to thank the developers for this masterpiece. I can't express my gratitude to them. Sure, the gameplay is fun, the music is great, the characters and enemies interesting... but what sells the game is that iconic blue shovel. I can know slay dragons with a shovel. I can defeat evil bosses and conquer obstacles. I know live in a world that revolves around shovels. This game has empowered me as a demi shovel in a way that nothing ever has before.10/10"
,Recommended,250760,27586460,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AdamFly,What Mighty No. 9 should have been! Great game!
76561198191586586,Recommended,250760,17285672,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,mrk245,It is a very good Game
,Recommended,250760,10890550,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Timbit,The Castlevania/Duck Tales/Mega Man hybrid you didn't know you needed. I dig it.
,Recommended,250760,31247193,Posted: 19 April,all,torontoDowntown,"I don't often post reviews on Steam but Shovel Knight is blowing me away so much that I am making an exception.This game was billed as a throwback to the NES era and it definitely succeeds in giving you that nostalgic feeling but it also ends up being way better than all the games that inspired it.The graphics, levels and characters have so much charm and I was constantly surprised at how many memorable moments there are throughout the campaigns.There is a lot of replay value here since there are many ways to play in terms of how difficult you want the game to be. There is a new game+ of course but also other ways to adjust your experience by choosing to power up your health or use checkpoints in levels or skip those both completely. On top of that there are three additional campaigns after you finish the main Shovel Knight quest (two available now and one more to be released in the future).If you have even a passing interest in NES or SNES 2D sidescrollers, then I recommend this game without hesitation. I haven't played a game that I've personally enjoyed as much this since Super Mario Galaxy.Shovel Knight is now one of my top 10 favourite games of all time and I hope others can find the same joy that I have when I'm playing it."
,Recommended,250760,31056754,Posted: 10 April,all,Loli Lu Le Lo,"This game is an excellent platformer that keeps you on th edge of your seat for most of the time, New Game+ is really damn hard and is pretty different from the main story. Although at some point the game is slightly repetitive, each level is extremely different from the other (but there is another cliche ice level.) It's gr8 m8 and I r8 8/8."
,Recommended,250760,31265957,Posted: 20 April,all,Pugu_,"I'm gonna keep this short. I promise. I've only started playing this game game properly for around a week now, since the Game Grumps started playing the expansion. I have completed the Shovel Knight campaign and the Spetre Knight one, and I can honestly say that this is one of the best games I have ever played! The gameplay is difficult and can frustrate you at times, but you keep going as you can feel improvement, unlike some games I've played (Dark Souls) which make me feel like I'm not getting any better. The gameplay mixes the aesthetic of a retro game with the playabilty and user-friendly feel of a modern day platformer, which is a hard mix which I feel they have nailed!THE STORY, I didn't go into this game expecting much in the way of a storyline, but I was wrong! I will not spoil any of it. The story is rich and full, the writers behind this game are excellent at creating a well-rounded immersive storyline, which is told through the game perfectly. Furthermore, the Spectre Knight campaign adds an amazing level of depth to the story. IF YOU HAVE PLAYED THE FIRST CAMPAIGN, YOU NEED TO PLAY SPECTRE KNIGHT! It adds a level of knowledge of many characters that thickens the storyline and revealing more than before.All in all, I 100% reccomend this game to anyone. I owned it for around a year before I played it properly, so my advise would be to just DO IT!"
,Recommended,250760,31249717,Posted: 19 April,all,[tendie] VineBiter!,"Shovel Knight - shovel of hope reviewOne of the best platformer games out right now, tight controls that are simple yet challenging to master. It takes everything good from the NES days and improves them, the music made by Jake Kaufman is stunning just how good it is, each song fits into every stage/cutscene.  Also lets not forget how nice Yacht club games are,  they have already given free character story  dlc and plan to do more.All in all i give this game a 9/10If you want a good platformer and are having second thoughts about buying this game, i say go for it.Shovel Knight - Specter of torment reviewTo my suprise specter of torment was really fun and they added some new mechanics. They also revamped the music to a bit faster pace to fit the faster gameplay. The items were all really cool i almost liked them more than shovel of hope. For a free side dlc the story was pretty good. 9/10"
,Recommended,250760,31234575,Posted: 19 April,all,Wing,My favorite Mega Man game.
76561198095141770,Recommended,250760,18079431,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,King Horse,"Overall Shovel Knight’s good. You’ll be going through the beautiful, challenging levels, listening to the excellent soundtrack. And you’ll have many boss battles, some of which are quite good. But sometimes you’ll run into a spot where it’s just repetitive dying, and all you’ll want to do is go into your neighbor’s house in the middle of the night and smother their children, until they stop breathing.The shovel is Shovel Knight’s main weapon, and it’s a silly thing, underscoring the overall light-heartedness of the game. There are characters who dance, some of whom get their own special music. And a lot of the dialogue is just silly and fun; which only makes it more infuriating when you start dying at one spot over and over again, making it so that, on, perhaps, a Sunday afternoon, while the rest of the family next door are at church, you’ll see little Johnny playing on the grass near their front door, prompting you to sneak up to him with your shovel in hand, and smashing his head in until he stops moving. And then you bury him in their front yard.But my favorite thing about Shovel Knight is the overall enthusiasm the game exudes. The art is quite colorful and the characters all look interesting. There are multiple settings in the game (caves, castles, airships, etc.) which remind me of many of those wonderful Mario games. This game is just, so, alive! Unlike the next door neighbors’ kids on Saturday. For you can invite the parents over for dinner Friday evening--they both work so they don’t see their kids come home from school--and you can start mom and dad off with a small salad, asking them how work’s been going. And after they loosen up a bit you start serving them the red wine and the meats. And they’re so pleased with you. And, after they’ve evidently had their fill and look sufficiently satisfied, you ask your own spouse to roll the cart in from the kitchen. And on the cart are adorable Sally and little Johnny and Joe Joe’s heads. And you ask their parents to rate the entertainment for the evening, and if everything was indeed to their taste. Be sure to offer them dessert.So yeah, overall Shovel Knight’s a pretty good game.8/10"
76561198339787354,Recommended,250760,31337914,Posted: 24 April,all,Zufdawg,Good game
,Recommended,250760,20495499,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dark Bryan,"Great game, while it may not be the longest of storylines the replay value is most definitely there and can be quite challenging, if you like old school platformers this is the game for you."
76561198065602925,Recommended,250760,19873674,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cunning Linguist,A charming game from its soundtrack to protagonist.
,Recommended,250760,31347946,Posted: 24 April,all,Highway to Heaven,solid platforming experience
,Recommended,250760,26920720,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fritz,"All the really great retro aesthetics aside, Shovel Knight is just a tightly designed platformer. It's a masterful example of what a narrow focus can do, even today, in a market where complexity and length are often emphasized. Simple, and all the better for it."
,Recommended,250760,31300732,Posted: 22 April,all,FelipeCC,"TL;DR: Retro platformer at its finest + DLC's done in the right way, really goodA modern retro platformer done in the right way. The feel of old school platformers but without (most) of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that they used to have.Great soundtracks, great art, colorful, certainly not easy - neither super hard.The Treasure Trove uptade is just fantastic.DLC's done the right way. Plague Knight DLC is great and funny, bringing new mechanics to the table as you play with one of the bosses from the original game.Specter of Torment. One of the BEST DLC I've ever played. New mechanics that make you feel super badass on your way to hack through the story behind the story. Ties with the original game perfectly. It's just soo good."
76561198324693298,Recommended,250760,31413838,Posted: 28 April,all,BigDaddyDongus,"This is my favorite game of all time. Period.Yacht Club Games. They get how to make a platformer. I bet these guys bought over 100 NES consoles and played their lives into the many awesome platformers of the console. Mario, Castlevania, Mega Man, Zelda 2, Ducktales! Then, they milked the everliving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of those games and poured those remnants into this game.This game is incredible. You got the soundtrack reminiscent of the old 8-bit tunes, you got the tight controls and pacing of the NES games, you got the masterful level design and epic boss battles, memorable characters in a somewhat decent plot (for a platformer), and they know how to fit the difficulty just right. Not hard. Not easy. Just right.Oh good lord! Then they add the DLCs which are completely free if you have the main game and the DLCs are in some ways, even better. At first, it looks familiar but then you realise that you can't progress the levels like the main campaign. Plague Knight is an alchemist who throws bombs that you can customize at any time for the given situation. Specter Knight can climb walls and do some Genji-like swift strike. Then, just when you think this game couldn't get better, they add multiplayer and are going to add a King Knight campaign and a Battle Mode too.I feel like this game is getting milked the everliving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of too, but in a good way."
76561198058091994,Recommended,250760,31433398,Posted: 29 April,all,John Paull,"I dont even know where to start. This whole game is just a feel good experience, with good music, and an easy to understand story. The shovel knight portion of the game is fun, you have different magic relics to use to your advantage, and plenty of areas to explore. The game can be challenging in some areas, (especially if youre as garbage as I am) but isnt nearly as difficult as something like dark souls. (Although, im just terrible at video games)The Plague Knight portion of the game really wants to make you finish it as quick as possible. Not because its bad, but because the story is just amazing. It makes you feel good, it really shows the feelings behing the literal mask, and is honestly just adorable. In my experience, it was more challenging than Shovel Knight, but thats just because Im not the best strategist. In certain parts of the story, it will just make you appreciate the detail they put into this dlc.I have yet to play the Specter Knight portion, but if its just as good (if not better) as the other parts, them im all for it. In the end, Yacht Club Games is just an AMAZING company. Other game creators could REALLY learn from this. (Although I doubt they will) They are constantly creating new and balanced ways to play this game, and the dlcs arent just re-skins. The dlcs are whole new stories, with completely different ways you play. Plague Knight has tons of different combinations for his bombs. (Again I dont know much about the Specter Knight portion)This game is just amazing. Its a feel good game, it has a great story, and the controls are tight. (although, its a better with a controller) The people behind this game are amazing, and I couldnt ask for a better game. I would absolutely recommend this game. If its ever on sale, you should absolutely buy it. I cannot give enough praise to this game."
,Recommended,250760,11399538,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,steveisboring,"Note: Spoiler-free, with the possible exception of a ""Final Tip"" at the end....but not really.......This is, quite possibly, the best platformer I've ever played.-------------------------Short Review:  If you like a challenge from a charming game that resembles something out of Megaman 2...get this game.-------------------------Long Review:Gameplay - - -Shovel Knight plays much like a hybrid of Megaman 2; Duck Tales; Super Mario 3; Shantae; and Dark Souls.  If you're unaware of what these games are...it means this game is a mixture of everything great about platforming.  Each level is designed to be difficult to get through, yet not so difficult that it's impossible.  Trial and error is a big part of this game, and you'll want to invest in the various items that'll help getting past that ""one spot"" all the easier.Everything in this game is balanced out so that it's fair, but challenging.  My only personal gripe with this game consists of a big sin within these types of games; ""Knockback Damage.""  This type of damage happens when you're attacked or otherwised damaged, and your character is forced backwards a short distance as a result.  Often times a death can occur from merely a single knockback which slings your character into a death pit.  It's understood that this is suppose to add an extra challenge and encourages planning (for gameplay improvement), however in reality it's unnecessary and quite unfair.  Platformers need to get rid of knockback damage.Other than that, the gameplay is perfect.  The controls respond properly; the controller layout is both efficient and ergonomic; and each area is difficult enough to challenge any player, yet not totally impossible.Music - - -The music is your typical 8bit retro appeal.  What's important is each song is made unique, and is also tolerable enough so as not to become annoying.  Definitely great music for what it is.Replayability - - -Once you've beaten the game, it allows you to replay the entire thing all over again starting with what you've acculmulated through your first playthrough...BUT now all of the enemies have been re-calibrated to be much more difficult.  This in essence allows two playthroughs.  A multiplayer mode of some sort would be nice, however it's not really necessary.  With the two playthroughs you'll get your money's worth.Story - - -The story is perfect.  It engrosses  you in an adventure that, although not terribly original (and is very predictable), lives up to compel you to keep playing, and to actually care about these characters!  Few if any 8bit games have achieved this kind of smart and endearing entertainment.  The ending (no spoilers here) will affirm your admiration for this incredible game, and the efforts they put into the story and smart humorous dialogue.Overall- - - - - - -Shovel Knight proves to be one of the greatest, most entertaining games to come out as of late.  It both entertains and challenges while never making you feel like you're beating a dead horse to win.  Knockback Damage can enrage you on occasion, however with proper planning and patience many of these obsticles can be overcome.  Casual and pro gamers alike will enjoy this near masterpiece.9/10 rating.....you and your friends NEED to get this game!Helpful Tip:On the very final boss, you'll be given a movable platform to which you can bounce on, to then reach the head of the final boss.  Instead of bouncing once on this platform, do a double bounce so that you'll be propelled higher than usual.  In doing this, you'll reach the head of the boss more easily, which'll make your life MUCH easier. ;-)Vincent"
,Recommended,250760,14921976,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,「spacebox83」,"I read the bad reviews, and they were written by people who give up a bit to easily. If you gave them a copy of megaman X they would say something like ""Wow great game"" or ""graphics suck and its too hard"". Shovel knight IS very hard, and I agree with that completly (700+ deaths) but once you get a hang of it, its amazing fun. You need to be patient, and skilled,and not hate the graphics. Also, the soundtrack is perfect. Just buy it. Now. P.S. I really dig the puns in the shovel knight. P.P.S. I almost forgot! 9.5/10"
76561198078891567,Recommended,250760,16685195,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Napkinboy,An excellent execution of a side scrolling old school game. I wish it was a little longer but overall a fantastic game! 9/10
76561198057783468,Recommended,250760,18421936,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,The Bounty Hunter,"shovel knight: awsome gameplay, great themes based off zelda, mega man, and castlevania.plauge knight: awsome campaign, romance :D, and insanity.super psyched for specter knight and king knight campaigns,11/10 best 8-bit game ever."
76561198170841957,Recommended,250760,33532300,Posted: 14 July,all,The Crab Bucket,"I was late to the hype train for this game, but it deserves all of the positive reviews and more because it is nothing less than incredible!"
76561198010357961,Recommended,250760,14439956,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Roswell,"Very good, wish it was a little bit longer. Even with the second playthrough the game goes by a bit too quick."
,Recommended,250760,13742913,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,AnalSpasmz,Can shovel weed everyday? snoop/10
76561198216603908,Recommended,250760,16864156,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mace.2010,THIS is a nes like game u collect glod and beat bosses and stuff
76561198148968927,Recommended,250760,25391319,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MonoTony,"An amazing game. I beat the shovel knight part of the story within a couple of hours and absolutely loved the story. It practically has it's own ""Set a difficulty you feel comfy with"" in that you can break the lanterns which in turn will give you less check points. After the shovel knight story, playing as the plague knight was truly different. I felt so confused transitioning from Shovel Knight to Plague Knight, but I loved it. I felt as though it gave the game a new experience to a familiar world. King Knight and Spectar Knight are supposed to be next, along with the addition of a few new modes to my understanding so I absolutely can't wait."
,Recommended,250760,13753255,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dinomaite,"If you liked the old Megaman games or even Super Mario on older platforms like the NES you will love this game, even if it is pretty easy compared to the Megaman games."
76561197980503707,Recommended,250760,27336973,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zaimad,"So, I actually planned to make a review for Shovel Knight sometime after they'd release the Specter Knight campaign. I'd like my review to be the most complete ever, but I'll settle for updating it at a later date.24th of November, 2016: I nominate this game for ""Most Deserving of Awards"" award.Are you old enough to have owned/known someone who owned a Super Nintendo? Did you like the Megaman style of games? Are platformers a cornerstone of your childhood? Shovel Knight is the game that brought everything from that age, adapted it to modern technologies and actually improved the time-tested formulae to a next level.Not only is there a massively beautiful gem of a game, coded with more heart than most things we stumble across the front page of Steam's sales, it received continuous free updates that included alternate game-modes where you have ENTIRE CAMPAIGNS as bosses from the titular character's story. And even let you fight Shovel Knight!The music is among the greatest things out there. A blend of old-time chiptunes with the finesse and composition of today's flavourable interpretations even to the most refined set of ears. The palettes, all in the style of ancient times, delivers a gorgeous experience of what pixel art is meant to signify. The gameplay is simple and not too hard to master, yet it provides optional challenges that push game mechanics and player skills to the limit. There is a level that ends in a boss rush mode, for crying out loud! This game is amazing no matter what light you shine upon it!And yes, it deserves awards. It deserves many awards, and to be known by more people, and to be played and loved by the masses as much as the programmers that coded it with pledge funding have shown how much they loved their creation. This is the one game that has shown itself to the world and is deserving of more praise than it has already. This is the one game that DESERVES awards more than practically any other game Steam has in their shop.Choose Shovel Knight. Give it the ""Most Deserving of Awards"" award.Edit: Specter Knight trailer already out!https://youtu.be/BRwP0P5j05g"
,Recommended,250760,21257779,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Spider3,"Finally, after many discrete platforms played on steam, a DAMN GOOD ONE! <3Excellent game, everything is like it should be: Great soundtrack, different levels type, special weapons, irony, challenge, good controls - everything perfectly balanced & mixed!"
,Recommended,250760,10943299,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ENIAC,So ♥♥♥♥ing good.
76561198027868499,Recommended,250760,11057752,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Nick,"It's like Megaman and Castlevania had a baby, and that baby was hit by a shovel."
,Recommended,250760,11311658,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Yard C. Apre,Dis game be dank as mon.
76561198046666423,Recommended,250760,23958774,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Captain Lumber,"What did I say as a rat knocked me into the bottomless pit? Rats!""F*** you Toader! That's comedy gold!10/10"
76561198109729132,Recommended,250760,27587174,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,什モㄈにモ尺,"This game is incredible. I could gush for days. Let's get some pros and cons running.Pros-Easy controls-Amazing combat-Incredible soundtrack-Cool relics with different abilties-Weapon and armor upgrades-Inspired and varied world and enemy design-Beautiful pixel art-FREE DLC that lets you play as Plague Knight, and more on the way for Specter Knight and King Knight (Yacht Club is amazing)Cons-Nothing I can think of.This game is seriously amazing. Do yourself a favor and buy it right now."
,Recommended,250760,11158363,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ZelosZalis,"4/8/2017: I have to ammend this review some since this went from ""Shovel knight"" to ""Treasure Trove. I really don't have too much to add here except that the the other knights solve the lack of runtime and replayability the base game had.[original review]Shovel Knight is while brief, excellent platforming experience that gives many nods to the greatest of platformers. a small dash of many classic platforming series make it into this game while it also having its own merits to stand on as well. from the 8 bosses with refight aspects of mega man, the pogoing with your shovel as a clear nod to ducktales and secret area galore style and world map of Mario games. It also has its own personal charms in making a quasi medieval fantasy setting. I was almost slightly disappointed in the towns that they didn't work like neutral zones like in bionic commando with how the first town dialogue goes haha...But enough with the charms and homages. Is the gameplay good? You bet it is. The controls are very tight and responsive for a platformer which is very important. The relics can make the game very easy if you bother to seek them out, which makes a very balanced  game, you can make it as hard or as easy as you like by deciding to go for certain things and it also rewards those quite amply for seeking out the secrets. the bosses are interesting to fight and each come with their own themes which a nice attention to detail in a genre where attention to detail is important. The game has all ends of the platforming spectrum covered in its stages with each largely employing its own interesting gimmicks to keep you entertained but none being super frustrating. The game is one very solid ""just right"" on many of its aspects and easily can be tweaked to fit your tastes by how you play or don't play some areas.The only thing one might complain on is the game's length, unless you aim to 100% the game an average playthrough is 3-4 hours, 5-7 if you really want to see everything the game has to offer in your first playthrough. But that being said the game is a very solid platforming experience and if you are still hesitant on it wait for a sale, but do at some point play this game."
76561198046452837,Recommended,250760,26968530,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ωaifu-chan,"This game teached me if you dig dirt, you might get diamonds.10/10"
76561197996558186,Recommended,250760,11273085,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Thorgrax,"Some people would say this is a game in the mindset of the infamous and widely hated ""Zelda 2: The Adventure of Link"". And they would not be wrong. But ♥♥♥♥ that, nobody played this nowadays. So i might as well give you a whiff you can relate to, aye?This games is what happens when take a megaman game, take away the gun and replace it with a melee weapon. Add the pogostick jump from Duck Tales and the subweapons from castlevania and voilá, you have Shovel Knight.Theres been around a ♥♥♥♥load of ancient hipster retro games lately. Except this one here is gud. It has authentic 8 bit pixel art, smooth sountrack from the original sound composer of megaman I and II and a pleasantly scaled difficulty curve.Its not as hard as other games though, but i guess thats one of its strengh. Its as hard as you need it to as you need it to be. And this doesnt hold you back from wanting to play it again. And again.The feats add a nice taste at alternative playstyles, nothing short to say about the ramped up Newgame + Mode. And the developers made high promises of adding additional free content later.The one thing im missing out on thought is a scoreboard for clearing time and treasure, this needs to be added.Nice game overall. Worth your time and money. And its cheaper than some packs of beer. 15 Euros is an easy investment. So Wutsha waitin for, get shovelin' boyo. The dirt is strong within you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHvJ5GQoTac"
76561198093826714,Recommended,250760,11059494,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JX241,The farthest thing away from shovelware
76561198025882390,Recommended,250760,16528984,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,shadowdra126,GREAT GAME! Worth Every Penny
,Recommended,250760,31287429,Posted: 21 April,all,E.X.I.L.E.D,"This is a game everything is enjoyable, even grinding. By grinding u learn new routes and quick kills the mini bosses and bosses. The music isAWESOMEand I love the 8-bit theme. I highly recommend this game!!!"
,Recommended,250760,31013645,Posted: 8 April,all,Polonium_2102,"This is one of the best games I ever played ! It's just ... great, awesome and fantastic ! Sometimes, it can be hard but that doesn't mean it's not fun. If you haven't bought already, then what are you waiting for ? Please just buy it. And one final thing : it's full of humor."
,Recommended,250760,33164899,Posted: 2 July,all,Shaggert,"This game is amazing! I definetly reccomend this game for everyone to try. I had some money to kill during the summer sale and i was so happy i spent it on this game. It gives you a certain satisfactory that you don't get often in a game. Think of it like this, your fighting a boss in a video game and it keeps killing you over and over, and then you finally beat it, and you feel so reliefed and satisfied. It's like that but with the entire game. Every room you enter provides a new and diverse challenge, that gives me so much satisfaction, and that is why I encourage most people to get this game."
,Recommended,250760,23834031,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,15gba,AWESOME!!!!
76561198058246651,Recommended,250760,23835775,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CrazyEye,"I dont leave many reviews but, if there is even one 90s era side scroller that you love then I don't really see why you dont already own this masterpeice"
76561198076687283,Recommended,250760,23836098,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,xXBugl3B0yXx Deep Throat Machete,"I honestly couldn't stop playing this game. While at it's surface it's simply a platformer game which you just jump and attack, but Shovel Knight turns out to be one of my all time favorite games! I love the story. Best of all there were No tutorials, No loading screens, and no useless mindless dialoge. It's gameplay was solid and didn't contain any  bugs that I saw or experienced. IF you judge it by it's graphics you are seriously missing out. To me some of the characters that were walking by or people you bought items from seemed like they had a story to them. The story is fantastic and this was one of the games where I actually went back to find hidden secrets. The best of all was the music. I highly recomend this game to not only the players who are new to gaming because it's not overwelming on the gamer, but experienced gamers who are looking for a new game that gives them a good experience. It's a fantastic game for all kinds of players (unless your looking for a game where you have to buy a whole bunch of content to be good, shoot other players to death, yell at other players, and or a clicker game.) Shovel Knight is definitley worth your money. Get ready to steel thy shovels players!"
,Recommended,250760,16718652,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,JapanGamer29,"There is so much praise for Shovel Knight and most of it is justified, but I take issue with a couple of things that have soured my enjoyment of it.First, I was enormously disappointed that Yacht Club Games didn't release the game on Wii U in my region (Japan). That won't affect you on Steam so I'll skip straight to my second point...My biggest gripe with Shovel Knight is not being able to save the game after reaching a checkpoint. I would like to chip away at a game like this, maybe working through one or two checkpoints a day. I can't spend 90 minutes or more on a single level before having the option to save. Actually, come to think of it, I feel the same way about Super Mario Bros. That's another platformer which won't let you save until you beat the stage boss.If, like me, you're a novice gamer and/or short on time, you might want to skip Shovel Knight.Edit July 19th, 2015: I've changed my vote fom negative to positive because Shovel Knight is still an exceptionally good game despite my criticisms above."
,Recommended,250760,10908892,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bambi,"I only have about 30 min on this game but from what ive seen I can tell you Shovel Knight is a 2D side scroller that is fun, adventurious, and esthatic. Fans of Mario or Megaman would love this game. One thing I didint like was how hard the first boss was :D.8/10"
,Recommended,250760,12271904,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,FireEatingNinja,"Shovel Knight deserves some major praise. Something about it didn't let me stop playing. I sat down and beat it start to finish, non-stop. (Okay I had to pee once) I'd like to blame it on nostalgia, but the only thing truly unoriginal oldschool thing about Shovel knight is the 8-16 bit style. I suppose you could say the boss fights remind you of Megaman. The overworld reminds you of Mario. But there's relics, secrets and technical combat you don't really get from those games.Shovel your way to riches and hoard it until you can afford the ever increasingly expensive upgrades. Search for the relics, which will not only give you combat advantages or movement boosts, but provide useful for future secrets and challenges. The gameplay is just different - and in a good way. You wield a freakin' shovel!GUESS WHAT, THOUGH. There's aSTORYto Shovel Knight and it's awesome. You lose you beloved Shield Knight (f) and have nightmares about saving her. You battle your way to the Evil Enchantress who has either captured or killed Shield Knight. Black Knight, your rival, runs into you often along the way. You must defeat the Order of No Quarter in order to proceed to the Evil Enchantress, which consists of different modded Knights with interesting and often humorous characteristics.I started Shovel Knight expecting to screw around. Decided to do some playful voices and be dorky with it. Maybe rush through it, being all tryhard. But I ended up falling in love. At some point I forgot I was doing voices and really got engrossed in the entire situation. I'm glad I was streaming because this is a game I want to remember. It's onYouTubeas a playlist now, for those interested. It took me about 4:45 to beat the game fully.My favorite part is how well Shovel Knight teaches you how to play without directly telling you. Every level introduces a new mechanic, and there's always a part on each level (especially the tutorial) that teaches you new things. And you'll have to reapply the things you learned at a moment's notice.As far as challenging yourself... When you die, you release what seemed like 1/3 or 1/4 of your gold. Think of it as a more forgiving Dark Souls. You can go back to where you died and pick up that gold. Alternatively, there are checkpoints on each level. If you feel like the level is easy, you can actuallydestroythe checkpoint crystal for gold. If you do well on the level (I'm uncertain on the specifics, could be not dying or taking damage) the crystal changes color and holds more gold the more you pass without defeat. So you can also get accumulative growth in gold for taking the risk of removing the checkpoints.Shovel Knight has great functionality IN SPADES....... Just play it."
,Recommended,250760,10898238,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ZOMG_Logan,"A smile will be on your face the whole time you play it. Shovel Knight isn't too full of new ideas, though that isn't a bad thing. Shovel Knight dug up some of the best mechanics of the NES era, and mixed them all together into a very solid, and very fun action platformer. It reminds me what the most important thing about video games is, and that no other media can replicate, gameplay."
,Recommended,250760,11127276,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Dan,"Extremely polished and lots of fun. An NES platformer with modern sensibilities--meaning fair difficulty and autosaving, not irony--the game itself plays like a mix between Ducktales, Mega Man and Super Mario Bros. 3. Highly recommended if you have fond memories of the NES era and a gamepad for your computer."
,Recommended,250760,20168885,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lupus,"Shovel knight is a 2D platforming game, It's quite fun, simple and overall a hoot!So the bottom line is if you like shovels, horse people,and most importantly think that you may be able to get past all the bosses (Unlike me)Then i see nothing holding you back from buying this!Also its a cute game so yay...!"
,Recommended,250760,20162168,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ryoman,"A love letter to NES platforms, and one that deserves to stand among the all time classics. Extremely accessible to newer players as well. It's challenging. but not super frustrating like only NES games could be. Great value, great soundtrack, great art. Buy it right now."
,Recommended,250760,11272050,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,neatherending,"this game is like the legend of zelda 2, castlevania and megaman were put in a blender with a dash of mario 3.in short 10/10update: found out it has over 300 cheats for you to try out11/10"
76561198166580285,Recommended,250760,23854780,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,finji,"This game is brilliant. The gameplay is excellent and constantly experiments and forces you to adapt - but in a way that seems fair and is informed by the level, the story is minimalist and yet touching and perfectly reinforces and augments the gameplay, and the amount of content is just mind-blowing. I've gotten more out of this $10 game than the majority of big-budget titles - not only does it give you an entire shovel knight campaign, completing the game unlocks the plague of shadow's DLC, which is practically a sequel in the amount of gameplay, story and playtime that it affords. (By the way, if you buy this game, it's well worth your time playing the second campaign - it's just as good, if not better, than the first one). These devs have done an amazing job, and it's definitely one of the best games i've ever played. Buy it!"
,Recommended,250760,31263195,Posted: 20 April,all,Stikx_,3 truely outstanding games.An example for all kickstarter projects.
,Recommended,250760,13357388,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Médecins Sans Undertale,"If you hate the faux-retro craze that's going around, please don't let that stop you from playing this amazing platformer. It's super good and doesn't fall into the trappings of its NES ancestors like you'd expect from someone trying to recreate the joy of classic gaming. No lives, no game overs, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Also if you're literally 12 years old you can make like half the words say Butt instead.Butt / Butt"
,Recommended,250760,17439759,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TatsuHero,"Amazing nostalgiafest. The only problem would be the content. If you're good at platformers, you will beat this game in about one and a half sittings. Only took me about 10 hours to beat the game and NG+. Overall I would give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,250760,30342610,Posted: 5 March,all,dmitrYwht,"Shovel Knight does not want to look like a modern reinterpretation of 8/16-bit games, but wants to look like a genuine 8-bit project of those timesGrab your controller and have a true nostalgic fun10/10"
,Recommended,250760,14227018,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bokor,"It's been a while since I've played  Shovel Knight, but it's a game I just can't get out of my head. I've played sidescrollers since the NES era, and really cut my teeth during the SNES days. Shovel Knight fits comfortably in the pantheon of the Great Classics. In fact, it feels like it's been there the entire time.Even if you don't have the nostalgia for that era as I do, you can still appreciate Shovel Knight. It is a solid side-scrolling adventure with new challenges in every level. It just never feels tedious or repetitive. I was always excited to see what each new area had in store for me. Also, all of the power-ups you receive feel useful and powerful. You're not forced to use one or just a few special abilities because they're the only useful ones."
76561198046557294,Recommended,250760,12077576,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Crimson Reaper,"This game is living awesomenessit's a must have for every player who considers himself ""advanced""cool game and i love it"
76561198204220052,Recommended,250760,33957758,Posted: 1 August,all,Limon wafer,"speter of torment is good and the other campains but,mostly specter of torment."
,Recommended,250760,14162824,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,[adult swim],how did i beat new game+
,Recommended,250760,12368705,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,people_squisher,Amazing! Best platformer I've ever played! And I've barely even played!
76561198084795054,Recommended,250760,15498743,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,kyleatc,"I'm only an hour into this game right now, but I had to stop to write a review really quick of what I've experienced so far. This game is hands down one of the best games you can get on steam in my opinion.The feel of the game reminds me of so many classic NES games. Things such as:ZeldaMarioMega ManCastlevaniaYou basically run around through different levels collecting a variety of items (power-ups, coins, hidden music sheets) and fight a boss at the end of each level. You are able to revisit levels to find things you may have missed. The coins you use in town to buy more power-ups (new skills, more health/mana, items).For anyone who grew up playing the games I listed earlier (and enjoyed them) this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,250760,15283356,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ThatPyroguy,Plague knight looks like SCP 049.10/10
76561198175007786,Recommended,250760,29907084,Posted: 13 February,all,TyrellDude13,"This is one of those games that is hard enough to the point where when you've beaten it, you feel like you've accomplished something. You'll say: ""Oh, man. That was hard, but really fun!"" It's not the hardest game ever (far from it), but it will test your platforming skills to an appropriate level. If you enjoy a game that pushes you far, but not too far, Shovel Knight is the game for you!Though, if you plan to 100% this game like I did (including the Plague of Shadows DLC), you'll get to a point where you'll want to murder someone. Yes, it can get that hard."
,Recommended,250760,13318193,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,DubaJuiceXo1,"This game is GOTY worthy! Such a great blend of all the classics! It is hard but fair. If you enjoy 2D platformers, that arent too easy, THEN GET THIS!"
76561198148893020,Recommended,250760,31396670,Posted: 27 April,all,jewishjazzyj,This game is super fun once you get used to the learning curve and how some of the basic mechanics work. was having a hard time against specter knight but i really just needed to learn how tto get good. do recommend.
,Recommended,250760,28957814,Posted: 2 January,all,gregthegreat4,"A brilliant game that challenges you in all sorts of ways.The game isn't a ordinary easy platformer that will have you easily gliding through the levels. In fact, the game is very hard at some points and I found mysyelf having to seek help from Youtube to beat the tough bosses. Shovel Knight perfectly uses the formula of old platformers and makes it into a brilliant indie that will challenge even the best of gamers. A must buy for someone who enjoys platformers."
76561198101818572,Recommended,250760,18981103,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,a113ethan,All my friends say the game sucks...it's just a dude with a Shovel...But I say Thy Shovel of Greatness!! I waited forever for this game and it was totally worth the wait! About 15 Hrs. already!
76561197973052125,Recommended,250760,24626128,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lord Dyran,"This game is a perfect example of why I do not like the recent glut of procedurally-generated games.The level crafting is so tight, and each level is designed with care.  Real work and skill went into making this game, and it shows.  There is little that can compare to the rush the game gives me when I finally beat a level without dying, getting past  surprisingly intelligent enemies and deviously-placed traps and beating the boss.That doesn't even mention the tight controls, the fantastic chiptune music, the graphics that so effortlessly mimic classic NES games while using modern tricks and pallets.  This is just a fantastic game."
76561198075564856,Recommended,250760,15592236,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,seacliff217,"It's a short game, but I'm really glad I bought it. This games stays true to the old NES platformers, unlike what most indie games claim. Any fan of classic Capcom will have a blast.The game isn't flawless, however. It's nothing major, but a few stages and optional bosses can feel more cheap than hard. But that might just be me not being great at video games. On the bright side, getting past these obstacles is VERY satisfying."
,Recommended,250760,16345021,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Prospect Forever,"I can't praise this game enough.  If you grew up playing console or cabinet games this game is for you.  It's what would happen if Blizzard decided to make a 2D 16bit platformer.  Nearly every good aspect of the ancient platformers (Super Mario, Zelda, Contra, Castlevania, Ducktales) are represented along with a great period soundtrack.I played through in roughly 15 hours, (much of it offline so steam didn't report it well.)  The storypieces weren't a detraction being in text (with no speech) it was immersive in the nostalgic sense.  I can see how a younger player might not get it, but if you ever played the classic platformers you will find this entertaining."
76561198149208166,Recommended,250760,31506823,Posted: 2 May,all,Nimrod the Great,"HEY YOU THERE!DO YOU LOVE GREAT PLATFORMING?!DO YOU LOVE A COMPELLING STORY!?ARE YOU TIRED OF COMPANIES MILKING YOU OUT OF YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY FOR DLC THAT ENDS UP NOT ADDING MUCH?!?THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!But seriously it has been a long time since I have had the kind of joy this game provided me. The plateforming is well polished and anytime you die you almost never feel that it was the game's fault but your own, so that if you were better then it would have been avoided. And Yacht club games is one of the most honest and good companies I have ever had the joy of dealing with, all the added DLC (except for the soundtrack) is free once you buy the main game and each DLC adds a large amount of content that adds plenty of good life to a great game.10/10 would shovel again"
,Recommended,250760,35352123,Posted: 30 September,all,dingle dongle,"this game is amazing! great graphics, beutiful soundtrack and best of all different playstyles with every run. definetly worth the £19"
,Recommended,250760,34872088,Posted: 10 September,all,KwK_SuS,I got really mad when I fought the plague dude with only 3 hearts and kept dying.
,Recommended,250760,34854856,Posted: 9 September,all,gendoucet,"Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove is a fantastic game with fantastic gameplay. Yacht Club Games really knocked it out of the park and showed those plebs over at Comcept how to run a kickstarter project. Overall, buy, stop reading this review and buy it.....now.....stop reading this......buy the game. Shovel Knight = good boi"
,Recommended,250760,11774282,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Nighthawk,"An amazing patformer that is reminiscent of the good ol NES. And this Game can get crazy hard during the bosses because they have a set list of attacks but no patterns so the bosses are very random in their attack. But it never feels 'unfair' because the controls or so tight that you know that you're the one that messed up. This game is worth your time and money, get it...NOW!!10/10 - ""The Dark Souls of the Platformer genre"""
,Recommended,250760,16516641,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Lord Licorice,"I really can't tell what's stronger: the gameplay, the art, or the music. The game is absolutely amazing, borrowing the good parts from its roots and leaving out the bad. It's polished to a mirror shine, and I can only hope for a sequel. Fortunately, there's more characters and modes coming, so I won't have to wait too long for more."
,Recommended,250760,34910716,Posted: 12 September,all,Young Pluto,very good video game!!!!!
,Recommended,250760,35459634,Posted: 3 October,all,Weeaboo Nerd,"This is by far my favourite platformer. I have not tried Cuphead before, but if it's not as fantastic as this gaming masterpiece, I'd not be surprised. All the mechanics are tightly packed into a great package. Fantastic, responsive controls make this game feel amazing to play. Complex level design that still retains a sort of simpleness that other platformers can't hold makes this difficult platformer a great set of stages. The RPG-esque elements add a great fantasy layer to an already great platformer."
,Recommended,250760,35444353,Posted: 3 October,all,BioNexus11,"(Edit: Crash fixed. Can't skip the intro scene or it will crash)I love Shovel Knight. Plain and simple. Tight and responsive controls, great humor and an AWESOME soundtrack. I absolutley adore this series. I love the retro asthetic and nods to other major games from the NES era like DuckTails and Zelda 2Easily one of the best indie games I've ever played"
,Recommended,250760,30972033,Posted: 5 April,all,Gamemaster13000,"Solid game for fans of the platform and adventure genre. $25 bucks gets you three story modes(each with a new game plus), three alternate game modes to the main campaign and free future updates in future dlc.Stages/Bosses are difficult yet fair and rewarding.The story is simple yet compelling.The platforming feels responsive and fluid.I've enjoyed this game for 3 years now and it only gets better with each passing update. With more campaigns and modes in the works, I strongly say that Shovel Knight is worth is $25 price tag and you should definately consider buying it. Good on you, Yatch Club."
,Recommended,250760,31129795,Posted: 13 April,all,Skeletor,I hate 2D platform games with a passion.But Shovel Knight? Damn! That game is good and the difficulty just feels right. (Coming from a Dark Souls fan)Would like to play more but don't have time for it due to many other games unless I have bad internet.
,Recommended,250760,11756034,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Frank Weast,"This game was amazingAmazing soundtrack, cool graphics, nice story, and you should just buy this game for yourself to see how amazing this game is."
,Recommended,250760,10849482,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BiscuitSlash,"This game is incredible. The visuals look amazing, and are probably the best I've seen when it comes to this art style. The music feels full and energizing, and the shovel mechanics make the gameplay feel really fun and interesting. Honestly, for £11, you really can't go wrong here. If your a fan of action platformers, 8-bit and/or retro games, and innovation, then this is a must have for you."
76561198087556974,Recommended,250760,10962161,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bmj80,"Shovel knight is an amazing platform game, it has a little NES vibe with Link like fighting mechanics, a touch of Mario 3 in the map travel, and a hint of mega man ill let you figure out. The game is nostalgiarific and the music is both suiting for the game and great for old video game music lovers like myself :)"
,Recommended,250760,11016744,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cizal,GOTY 2014get it
,Recommended,250760,11309591,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Murray,"If it weren't for the fact that Wasteland 2 is coming out this year, I'd pick Shovel Knight for GOTY 2014."
,Recommended,250760,10992267,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Uncle Rage,One of the best tributes to 8-Bit gaming I've ever played. Support these guys and buy the hell out of this game.
,Recommended,250760,10991303,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Scampie!!,"Game pretty much owns. There are a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 'old school retro' games, but this one has some great production quality. Highly recommended if you are a fan of NES Ducktales and/or Megaman."
,Recommended,250760,19322346,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Al Forno [Olive Garden],"Shovel Knight is charming and fun.  It's not the most challanging platformer ever, but it's challenging enough to entertain even the most veteran of players, while being accessible to those newer to the genre.  It's beautiful sprites, fun soundtrack, and fantastic design make this an easy game to recommend for all players."
,Recommended,250760,19399868,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,victordamazio,Stop waiting for a 50%/75%/90% discount and buy this game already.
,Recommended,250760,11105844,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Suttles,"I really dig this game, thanks to its groundbreaking features.  As a hole, the game is amazing and introduces a fine level of ingenuity, thanks to its tight controls.    If you don't mine a challenge this game offers great gameplay. The soundtrack is topnotch, and will make young and old remember the past.  Don't sift through your old retro games, when you can play a new one right here on steam!This game really rocks!"
,Recommended,250760,10845470,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Pinhead Larry,"Wow, Shovel Knight ROCKS! This game is a perfect medly of nostalgia and fun. Those who are like pixel graphics will find a beautiful game that reminds you of gaming's past.It's a platformer, and as such, it is simple yet challenging. The game is forgiving for those who aren't too good at platformers, but hard enough for those who want a challenge, especially the bosses, they can be tough!. Lot's of collectables, too!The music is great, and very retro. It takes me back, it does.Would I suggest this game to anyone? YES! It's really easy to pick up and play, so if you're on the fence on if you should buy this or not, do it!10/10."
,Recommended,250760,10861491,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DesertOfSand,"Duck Tales meets Megaman meets Castlevania with a Mario 3 overworld. What isn't to love?I mean honestly, if the above doesn't sound good to you, then this game probably isn't for you.For those a bit more on the fence, I suppose I'll elaborate a bit:In Shovel Knight, you play the titular knight in a battle against the Order of No Quarter. To do so, you travel to various stages and, in classic Megaman style, travel right while fighting enemies, platforming, and finding secrets.Throughout the level, you gather up Gems and Coins either outright, via slain enemies, or via secrets and chests, in order to gain Gold, which you can spend at the Village on various Health and Armor upgrades or items.Your shovel is your main weapon, with the ability to outright smack your enemies or pogo on them ala Duck Tales, and similarly can be used against blocks of various types of dirt and/or rock to traverse the screens.Items work similarly to Castlevania, with a limited resource that drains every time you use it (in Shovel Knight, it's pots, as opposed to Castlevania's hearts), though in Shovel Knight you gain the item permanently and can swap between them at your leisure. Even within the first 3 main stages, the selection of items you get is large enough to accomodate a variety of playstyles and strategies.The bosses and stages themselves are very remniscient of Megaman, with each stage having a particular theme carried out that matches the Boss. The Bosses themselves have a nice variety of attacks and pattern that, although at first are hard, can be read and manipulated, just like Megaman. Enemy types vary from neat and strange, like the helicopter-rat thing, to fairly standard fare, like the 2spooky skeleton. The music is always wonderfully fitting, and creating a sense of mood and enhancing all of the stages without being distracting.Movement feels good. Controls are responsive. Hitboxes don't feel wonky.In essence, this game is great.If you agreed with the first sentence, you probably already have the game.If you hate retro and/or have terrible taste, you probably weren't gonna get this game anyway.If you're interested, but worried $15 is a little steep, let me assure you that based off of the 3 main stages I've played so far and the size of the overworld map, that you are in for a decent amount of gameplay. Moreso if you want to replay anything, which you most likely will. It's absolutely worth it.Get digging."
,Recommended,250760,15436671,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kid,Buy it.Why?Because Shovels.Shields.Something-bit gaming.Challenging.Platforming.Occasional table flipping.Calmness.Soundtrack.Who needs swords?
,Recommended,250760,10905379,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,...,A great game. Boss battles are pretty unique. Has a bit of Souls experience in it as a retro style 2d platformer.
,Recommended,250760,10859974,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Seishan,"Shovel Knight is all those old NES platforms I used to love as a kid.  It takes elements from Mega Man, Castlevania, and even Duck Tales and blends it all together to make solid gameplay.  It's a great game with fun levels and very interesting and unique boss fights only issue I have with this game is it's really short, but that's an issue any old platforming game had back in the day."
,Recommended,250760,10990682,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,im_two_cats,"Ah, my old nemesis: 2D platforming. We meet again.In all seriousness, I really regret not putting money into their kickstarter when I had the chance. This game is simply amazing."
,Recommended,250760,11544419,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Memessiah,Buy this game.
,Recommended,250760,11473349,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Boogaloo,Game's got shovels. Game's got megaman.What the hell are you waiting for. Get hype.
76561198119161027,Recommended,250760,17321352,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,W.U.P. Duqboii,"If you like games, get this game."
,Recommended,250760,17958705,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Thunderous Clockwork WarMachine,"I recommned the HELL out of this game.Shovel Knight is the glorious successor to the entire NES platformer legacy.It's like MegaMan, DuckTales, Castlevania, and Zelda 2 combined, with a hint of Super Mario Bros 3.But of course it's a modern game and not strictly limited to the limitations of an actual NES game.It has hints of MegaMan X and other more modern games too.The music by Jake Kaufman is FANTASTIC.The story is simple but great, The characters are fantastically designed and hilarious.The core mechanics are rock solid, and the additional abilities you gain are all varied and genuinely useful, adding to the core mechanics.There are LOADS of things to discover and unlock.And this is still only the beginning of what Shovel Knight will eventually be.I'm just talking about the original CORE Shovel Knight game that was released initially.Shovel Knight is still going to add LOADS more content with the ability to play entire campagins as other characters, such as the upcoming Plague Of Shadows expansion, which will allow you to play as Plague Knight - one of the game's bosses. Plague Knight is a completely unique character from Shovel Knight, and has his own entire set of abilities and skills.He's just the first of several, and they're all FREE additions to the game, funded by the game's Kickstarter campaign stretch goals.Shovel Knight is a brand new hero/game of such high quality and such success that he ALREADY has an Amiibo for the Wii U and 3DS versions of the game.If you like ANY of the games I've mentioned here, you'd be a fool not to play Shovel Knight.It is GENUINELY one of the best games I have played since......the original Portal."
76561198049230394,Recommended,250760,11517205,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,noloUzame,Great game. Great music.
,Recommended,250760,11648936,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,goldlion,"The characters, the soundtrack, the game itself everything about it is great, and the new game+ is worth playing if you wish to test your skills on a new level of difficulty, if you like platformers or games with great plot and story, you really should buy this game"
,Recommended,250760,11696277,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,[Redacted],"Hey, remember the 80's? I sure do. Games were awesome then.Oh... right. -ahem-This game is basically a lovechild of Ducktales, LOZ2, SM2 and yes even Megaman. God knows how they pulled that last one off, but they did. Forget the fact that he's using a shovel and that his attacks look like he shovels them, because this game makes you think ""♥♥♥♥, i should go get a shovel to defend myself with.""Seriously, think about it. People are using swords and guns and you go off and weild a damn shovel like a boss.Sounds good now, doesn't it?"
76561198032095974,Recommended,250760,17816567,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Xavier Hevertop,Using a shovel seems stupid but its cool i guess
,Recommended,250760,18622924,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,MrCrossa,"Do you like to play games released in 1983 - 1991? Are you a sucker for anything 8-bit? Do you lust for the NES and its many timeless classics? Do you like platformers that are challenging but not too challenging that you'll end up throwing your controller across the room? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then I recommend this game to you!A great, charming, challenging platformer that throws you back to the days of the NES with music and levels inspired by the likes of games including, but not limited to Mega Man, Zelda 2, Castlevania, Super Mario Bros. 3, Ducktales and more. Plus, it's getting free updates, such as campaigns where you can play as some of the bosses with their own unique abilities, and a gender swap mode.While other indie games have tried their hand at making a retro looking and feeling game, most of the time, they fell flat and the retro aesthetics felt shoehorned/forced in. This isn't the case at all in Shovel Knight, it looks, feels, sounds and plays exactly like a game released for the NES would (although the devs did have to push beyond a few of the NES's limits in some cases.) Only real complaint is no exclusive content for the PC version (PS3/4/Vita get the Kratos boss fight, Xbox One gets the BattleToads level, 3DS gets the StreetPass arena + Shovel Knight amiibo functionality, and the Wii U will be getting co-op and other functionality linked to the Shovel Knight amiibo.) That may change in the future, and if it does, I will update this review to reflect that.All in all, this review does not do the game justice. It's one of the best platformers I've played in years. No, scratch that, it's one of the best platformers I've ever played! Buy it now. NOW!"
,Recommended,250760,19340117,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,| CSG | nachd,this game is awesome
,Recommended,250760,18564151,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mikaroni,"This game is super fun! I hope this franchise continues. My only gripe is that it also follows a very irritating achievement that too many steam games have, which is beat the game without dying. I find that to be stressful and next to impossible, which makes achievement completion impossible. Enjoy the game for what it is though!"
,Recommended,250760,16909167,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Master DEDDY,I dig it
,Recommended,250760,21357059,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,arbor day,"Shovel Knight is freakin' amazing. If you grew up on NES Megaman, Castlevania, and crap like that, this is a must buy.It's extremely well made, has great music, and the characters are unique.They've even added a free add-on campaign that lets you play as a different knight. His play style is completely different from Shovel Knight, and he has his own story, so it's not just a copy/paste of the original campaign."
,Recommended,250760,18110207,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,"Yohji ""The GOAT"" Yamamato","This game is like a beautiful Megaman recreation.Everything about this game is amazing. Its got tight controls, interesting and challenging level design, and a story that makes no sense but is awesome anyways. Though the learning curb can be steep, once you learn how to hold down whilst in mid air, you should be fine :)"
76561198086297221,Recommended,250760,23636761,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Yoshidude14,Shovel Knight is one of the best games I've ever played. It's on my top 5 favorite games of all time. The platforming is smooth and the graphics feel great. It's what other inde games should strive to be. The Shovel Knight campagin is great. The first level teaches you everything you'd probablly need to know without any tutorial. The levels fit the style of the game very well and the bosses are nice and simple but still give you enough of a challenge.The Plague Knight campagin is a great addon. The addon is free and it's mechanics are completly different but still extremely engaging. The boss battles are a new challenge even though they do about the same thing as they would in the Shovel Knight campagin. This is a very well designed game and I can't wait for the Specter Knight and King Knight campagins.Specter Knight's campagin was amazing. The new wall jump and dash slash mechanics took some getting used to but they really fit well. The boss battles have some new things so you may have to approach them differently than Shovel and Plague Knight. The story also expanded quite a bit. This campagin is a prequel to shovel knight and more lore is told. It was a very nice campaign and I can't wait to see what they'll do for King Knight.
76561198120443945,Recommended,250760,18156751,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,The Pancake Dwarf,"This is an 8-bit masterpiece with new life brought into the game with fair amounts of quests and challenges that are fun to beat. This is your tip of windmill 8-bit platformer, in this game you get to wield a shovel and lots of other cool items you find throughout your travels."
,Recommended,250760,31206995,Posted: 17 April,all,obscur,i played the horace minigame for four hours straight and when i finally beat it you have the audacity to reward me with fourteen dollars ♥♥♥♥ you nintendo
,Recommended,250760,10860033,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DOLPHIN,"Castlevania controls, Megaman gameplay, Mario 3 overworld, fun as ♥♥♥♥. There's a boss that tries to kill you for your hat. 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,29925624,Posted: 14 February,all,Orin Atlan-son,"Out of all the 'Metroidvania' games I've played, Shovel Knight is one of few that I'd recommend even to someone who doesn't play modern Metroidvanias. And let me tell you why. Shovel Knight is the best use of modern gaming technology to refresh an old medium without attempting to update it. Many modern sidescrolling platformers either utilize 3D models and environments in a 2D experience (something I just personally find off-putting) or attempt for a ""retro"" look of 8-bit graphics by giving you a series of various rectangle enemies and rectangle levels to be beaten by your rectangle hero. Shovel Knight's pixel art graphics pay homage to the love and care that went into gamemakers who did their best to create art and a setting within their limited medium. It's one of the few pixel art games I've been able to use resources from as a background without it looking and feeling tacky. Beyond the visual art is the music, which, while not my favorite platformer soundtrack, does an excellent job enhancing the setting without being either distracting or lackluster.The unlockables and upgrades feel satisfying and well spread out. You're constantly able to experiment with and revist abilities without feeling like there's a learning curve or needing to take time away from actually playing the game. Bounce physics from the down attack feel satisfying, as does the knockback from side attacks. The game makes you feel powerful while also retaining its challenge, especially punctuated during its boss fights. NPC interactions range from adorable to hilarious to legitimately emotional. It's an extremely polished experience that I'd describe as a classic metroidvania experience that only utilizes modern system techology to make itself as authentic as possible. Yacht Club really came out of nowhere to produce this absolute gem of a game.And then they released Plague of Shadows for free.Crazy respect to the devs, I'd have gladly paid $4.99 for the experience Plague gives, and they gave it to us for free. Shovel Knight is obviously a labor of love for them.TL;DR:Great art, great game, great devs. 9.5/10 if not 10/10. I'd recommend it even at full price, but if you see a good sale I'd say that it goes into must-buy territory."
,Recommended,250760,30780822,Posted: 27 March,all,Hattori,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing Shovel Knight, what do you want from me?"
,Recommended,250760,29973538,Posted: 16 February,all,Ares,"Best 2D platformer I have ever played. Controls are smooth, music is amazing, graphics are nostalgic yet modern, great level design, etc. etc. There is not a single thing wrong with this game.I give it a perfect 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,12269424,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",very fun. The best part of this game is the last two boss battles. Just epic.
,Recommended,250760,10960139,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Captain Dynamite,"The pen may be mightier than the sword, but the shovel is far mightier than the pen."
,Recommended,250760,11542160,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,DeadCrescendo,"What can be said about Shovel Knight that hasn't already been said by countless fans and reviewers?Shovel Knight is a retro action-platformer with RPG elements and an excellent soundtrack - as well as a great sense of humor. The game features classic elements, borrowing from games like Legend of Zelda: The Adventure of Link. Mega Man, Super Mario Brothers, and Castlevania.The game is difficult. But in all the proper ways that make retro games good. Never did I feel the game was unfair or trying to hard to be difficult for the sake of being difficult. Where most ""Retro Style"" games these days aim for a ridiculous level of frustration and difficulty, Shovel Knight focuses on making a good, challenging, and entertaining game that's fun to play.Plenty of replay value thanks to achievements being present that actually have some challenge to them (Don't get hit for a whole level, don't die for the entire game. Beat the game without buying any special weapons or items...etc.) So there's many ways to play, as well as the ability to choose what direction you want to go in on the world map. (Bosses and levels come in sets but the order you take them in is entirely up to you.)The game is designed well and the visuals and sound are fantastic. I recommend turning up the excellent soundtrack and enjoying what is destined to be considered a modern classic.10 out of 10. No regrets."
76561198040168462,Recommended,250760,14643444,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Eliskor,I'M REALLY DIGGIN' IT.
76561198122164809,Recommended,250760,28607688,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Doovdé,Waiting For DLC. COME ON GUYS!!!
,Recommended,250760,30144651,Posted: 24 February,all,Mega Ultra Chicken,Yacht Club Games has created a fantastic unique platformer with the soul of the games that first got me into games as a kid.
,Recommended,250760,17112241,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,leathco,"If you are looking for an NES classic but you have already played all the greats in the NES library, this is the game for you.  The soundtrack sounds inspired by Capcom, and the gameplay is a little like Duck Tales splashed with Shatterhand and Zelda 2.  The upgrades you can purchase are fantastic and make you feel like you are progressing and growing in power.  The only bad side I would say is that it feels a little short, but that's not a real issue when what's here is so well done."
,Recommended,250760,17338698,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,FranckyFox2468,"I always found it funny how i didn't enjoy most of titles that inspired this game, and yet i loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this one. Yes, as a platformer fan, i can say its one that is absolutely worth your money."
,Recommended,250760,17541756,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Taylalilulelo,Old School fun with an amazing soundtrack. A must buy!
,Recommended,250760,30673617,Posted: 22 March,all,Pat Dabney (Chopped & Screwed),Just buy it.
,Recommended,250760,33100634,Posted: 1 July,all,butt,One of the best games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,250760,32728409,Posted: 24 June,all,B-Fitzy™,This game is very good and it offers alot for a game type like this but i will say also you can get burnt off the game easily of you choose to just straight play shovel knight only all week.
,Recommended,250760,16503133,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,dawnDus,"I'm sure you already know if this is your kind of game or not, as an NES MegaMan clone. Stages are varied enough to be fun with interesting patterned boss fights at the end of each stage.However, this is one of those games that wants you to ""pick your own"" difficulty level, because there is no traditional difficulty selection. The mid-stage checkpoints are all optional, and most of the health/mp upgrades as well. Personally, playing through it with using all of those, the game was far too easy, tallying up the deaths at the end most were from one specific boss fight and the bonus areas. If you get all the health upgrades as they become available, it becomes extremely hard to die due to running out of HP, most of my deaths came from bottomless pits. On top of that, some of the sub-weapons seem to give you invincibility when you use them, making them go-to weapons for every single boss fight afterward, but thats also part of your own difficulty level if you want to use it.Having said that, the game feels great to play, the art is true to its NES style in pallet and always maintaining a 1:1 pixel ratio, with good slightly-better-than-NES music as well. I'd recommend to anyone that enjoys either MegaMan or platformers in general."
,Recommended,250760,23714050,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nintato,"This game is a retro revival done right. It perfectly emulates what a classic game should feel like updated for modern standards. It's been attempted many, many times, rarely done correctly. The game can get a bit difficult sometimes, so only play if you have enough patience for it. If you're able to beat some of the old Mega Man games, and enjoyed them, then this game should be right up your alley."
,Recommended,250760,24420524,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,PokemonRulz85,Shovel Knight is awesome! Best Indie game ever!
,Recommended,250760,13722232,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,JonnyTenebrous,"Double, trouble, soil and shovel,True knights wield not rake nor scuffle!    ....(a scuffle is a kind of hoe ;))Short Version:  AMAZING!Verbose Version:Shovel Knight is, hands-down, the most amazing new platformer game I've played in years.  Try it - I'm absolutely certain you'll feel the same!  If you're like me and grew up in the NES era, then your entire 3+ decade experience with video games is informed by those early titles.  Personally, I love the new and the old, playing the latest AAA productions in one moment, and retro system classics the next.  If you can identify with that, then you simply must put aside your Steam gaming backlog for a moment, and give yourself an evening to play Shovel Knight.  It has been awhile since a new title has compelled me to play straight through from beginning to end, but I was instantly gripped and can't wait to play *again* in NG+.Shovel Knight is clearly made by a team who knows this genre inside and out, and have produced a masterpiece that combines a unique cast of characters/abilities/equipment, perfect responsive controls (d-pad FTW, and if you play on a TV, best to mitigate any input lag!), beautiful visuals, top-notch music, superb writing, retro references galore, and every other possible indication that the creation of this title was a labour of love.  Honestly - I can't fault anything about it.  Shovel Knight is completely endearing to me, and my heart-felt congratulations go out to the team at Yacht Club Games - anybody who was a part of creating this has true reason to feel proud.  I will be watching this studio closely in the future.If you were ever a fan of any of the Mega Man, Castlevania, Super Mario Brothers, Ninja Gaiden, Contra, or Duck Tales games, then Shovel Knight is for you.  Or if you missed that generation and haven't caught up through virtual console, but enjoyed Dark Souls or any of the new Rayman games, again, it's a must play."
,Recommended,250760,27303659,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Boris Vian, Soviet Love Hammer",Really a must for platformer enthusiast. 10/10 would use shovel again
,Recommended,250760,33148662,Posted: 2 July,all,Shiminuki,Yes.
,Recommended,250760,22327153,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SH3IKANTETOKOUNMPO,"Shovel Knight is delightful, amusing, challenging and has enough charm and secrets to warrant you, at least, one more run through on New Game+. The game controls work perfectly and  the nostalgia factor just enhances the experience.OBS: The OST is awesome!!OBS2: ALL HAIL YATCH CLUB!10/10"
,Recommended,250760,13832957,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Pirateguybrush,"Great retro platformer with an excellent feel, great gameplay variety, a catchy soundtrack and a good sense of humour.  Good length without overstaying it's welcome, too.  Definitely recommended."
76561198040144747,Recommended,250760,11025144,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Toothygrin,IF YOU DON'T LOVE THIS GAME THEN YOU SHALL MEET JUSTICE. Justice is the name of my shovel.
,Recommended,250760,11244228,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SenatorSexy,I'm really DIGGING this game.......GET IT?! DO YOU ♥♥♥♥ING GET IT!?!?!AHAHAHAHAHAHA!
,Recommended,250760,29669585,Posted: 3 February,all,Aventheim,Astounding stories about Knights and adventure.Lovely BGM.The levels are amazingly designed which made me feel good.
,Recommended,250760,32300201,Posted: 9 June,all,ShisnoMaster,An amazing game that is made by an amazing company.
,Recommended,250760,11742753,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,オメガ,so GUDhit that ♥♥♥♥♥ with a shovel
76561198084181368,Recommended,250760,30160877,Posted: 25 February,all,Spotts_iO,This game has an amazing story. It's a great game that takes you back to the days. This games proves that games does not have to be best in graphic and voice acting.I have used something like 24 hours in the game and I think its fantastic. This game is simply amazing
,Recommended,250760,28541873,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ghost squihb,thog dont care
76561198077726365,Recommended,250760,15085474,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,retano_ab,Your NES filled childhood's dream game is is up there! Why are you here reading this?!
,Recommended,250760,30967561,Posted: 5 April,all,Jacob,"A solid platformer with interesting characters (playable and otherwise), good music and it's just overall fun to play."
,Recommended,250760,28158240,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,VOTE NO,"This is not a review; I'm trying to find my friend james who I lost touch with 3 years ago (He always loved this series and talked aboutit alot);James, If you're reading this please message me, I'm worried sick and I'm sorry if I said anything to upset you I know suicide wasn't a topic to joke about but I didn't think you were serious and I need to know did you actually kill your self? or block me... please we had so many laughs together, If anyone knows James please message me. Thankyou"
,Recommended,250760,28305393,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Big Chungus,"One of the greatest games I've ever played, it's so good, I honestly don't know how to describe it."
,Recommended,250760,26933516,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,steezy,"A first-person, turn-based 3d shooter game where you play as a female protagonist, seeking vengeance on invaders from space. They abducted you, your son and your dog. Unfortunately you return alone.The game consists of 17 seperate ~30 minute cutscenes, Boss fights where you need to mash the buttons repeatedly, 26 different weapons, 2 armours and 2.56 boss fights.Spoiler:the protagonist falls in love with a boss and they get married, then has 5/7 children. the boss dies due to unexplained causes, leaving you with children without a father"
,Recommended,250760,30532844,Posted: 15 March,all,SphynxCatGaming [trade.tf],"Spoiler-free reviewOverall rating: 9/10Pros:Cons:Does a great job simulating old games from the super nintendo era.Sometimes too great of a job. Were the instant death spikes really neccesary?One word: Music.Some menus can be cumbersome. It won't let you type cheat codes or names with a keyboard, you have to navigate with arrow keys.The main campaign is really well designed.Some things weren't thought through. At one point, there is a boss rush with a health refill between each one. In new game plus, all health refills are converted to bombs. Having to beatevery boss in the game in a row with no checkpoints or health refillsis a GIGANTIC difficulty spike from the rest of NG+.There are plenty of upgrades and items to collect!Items aren't really explained. Something like the animals in metroid would have been nice. There is a single line of text below each item, but it doesn't really explain it that well.Contains two, soon to be three, campaigns.Moving around in and between areas can sometimes be tedious, as can changing something simple like armor. A quick switch system on the map screen for ones you already have would have been great.In conculsionThe best part about this game is the moment-to-moment play. You can pick any given moment and it will be engaging. Even backtracking is fun with all the secrets about!"
,Recommended,250760,10989383,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Army of None,"If Volgar the Viking was a throwback to SNES, with all the right things kept, Shovel Knight is a throwback to late-era NES. The game feels good to play, levels are smartly designed with lots of secrets, combat is fluid, and the overworld is very very nostalgic. The game is a bit easier than other platformers (or was for me) but is still completely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,250760,33143133,Posted: 2 July,all,Msx,When you like a game but you are so bad that you cannot progress.
,Recommended,250760,24736189,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Skeleportato | Essentials.TF,"Shovel Knight is probably one of the best platformers I have played in years. Everything about this game is great, from the aesthetics to the controls. Plus from the time of this review (8/6/16), free updates are still being developed for this game. Only downside I have with this game is that you HAVE to use a controller if you want to have a good experience."
,Recommended,250760,30403529,Posted: 8 March,all,Bloodloon73,"Really enjoying this game. It has a decent amount of difficulty, but it is not ridiculously unforgiving and as such does not get tediously frustrating like osme other platformers I've played. The DLC addition is great and I can't wait for the rest of it!"
,Recommended,250760,23264921,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Jadriam,"YES YES A THOUSAND TIMES YES. a proper homage to eras past - doesn't rely wholly on old references or simple 'hey remember the thing' shoutouts, but still captures the spirit of ol' platformin' perfectly. [also the music is pretty kickinrad.]"
,Recommended,250760,30659513,Posted: 21 March,all,luxor.g,- Flawless gameplay.- Awesome soundtrack.- Too much digging.13/10
76561198044594697,Recommended,250760,20415086,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zedsanji,"The game is AMAZING.  Fun and challenging platforming, inventive ways to wield a spaded blade, and even FREE dlc that lets you play as one of the bosses you fight.  How can you not want to enjoy some classic side-scrolling adventures?"
,Recommended,250760,20802437,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,RockSteady,"Great game, but wtf? I want co-op too. Why do I have to buy a WiiU to buy another copy of this game, purchase a 35 dollar (including shipping) amibo just to play co-op?!Not cool developers.Not cool."
,Recommended,250760,18209126,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bulldoggi,"A great tribute to retro gaming. Includes dozens of cheat codes that aren't behind a paywall and a free big dlc just arrived this month. The devs certainly bring what they promised. Music is very, very memorable and I personally love it. Go check out""Strike the Earth"".I can't say much more. It's a game with very good mechanics and a fun scheme. If you have the slightest interest in retro style games, the game is worth its full price easily."
,Recommended,250760,25493080,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,PyRhUz,Best Game
,Recommended,250760,10992383,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cecilff2,"In a game market buried with shovelware, Shovel Knight is like digging your way through to a cavern of diamonds.  I would've spade more than $15 for this gem."
,Recommended,250760,28143250,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,*Sam,"There's absolutely nothing wrong with this game. I recommend this game to everyone that likes platformers and retro-style games. Buy, buy, buy.I don't recommend buying the black armor though, that sh*t slippery yo'."
76561198014832940,Recommended,250760,16947400,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mr. Orange™,"Shovel Knight is a very well made platformer game made in the spirit of NES.  I was able to complete this game in a few hours over roughly 3 days time.  I usually only write reviews if a game is either very exceptional, or very terrible.  Fortunately, this game is very exceptional.  Just to briefly summarize, the game is about Shovel Knight, a hero who is trying to rescue his best friend, Shield Knight from an evil sorceress.  The game has a ton of 2d platforming action, and some of the best game control mechanics I've played since Super Mario Bros 3.  You go from area to area, defeating all of these other knights, each one specializing in a particular area.  While all that is going on, you visit a small town in between quests, so you can drop off ""shanties"" for the local musician to archive for you.  Speaking of music, this game features some of the best chip music in ages, and there is a lot to hear.  So as you are getting through all of the quests, you are also upgrading your armor, your shovel, and gathering new magic spells to use to get you through the areas.  They designed the levels where you have to use certain powers to proceed, introducing new challenges as the game progresses.  I don't want to spoil the ending for you, but I would definitely recommend this game for anyone who loved the NES/SNES, and enjoys a good challenging classic style 2D platformer game.  I can see myself playing this game for years to come!  Nice work, Yacht Club Games!"
,Recommended,250760,16879876,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Dakebs,One of the best retro style game of this Generation.
,Recommended,250760,32098928,Posted: 31 May,all,King_Of_Cool,"Best platformer I have ever played. This game is three games in one. I only ever buy games when they are on sale, but I can safely say that you will not regret buying this game at full price."
76561198295061500,Recommended,250760,34763258,Posted: 5 September,all,MisterDelusional,No I don't have nostalgic feelings toward the NES. I just love this game.
,Recommended,250760,14818993,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Hans Brotmeister,"Shovel Knight is a retro-style action platformer that was heavily inspired by classic NES titles such as Mega Man, Castlevania, The Legend of Zelda and DuckTales.You play as Shovel Knight, a knight named after his signature weapon. He's a former adventurer who had been roaming the land alongside his friend Shield Knight for years. One day both came across the mysterious Tower of Fate. While Shovel Knight and Shield Knight were exploring the tower something awakened and all of a sudden all hell broke loose. At some point Shovel Knight passed out. When he woke up his friend was gone and the tower was sealed. Devastated, Shovel Knight gave up the life of adventure and started living in solitude. One day a mysterious order of knights appears out of nowhere and start ravaging the land while the Tower of Fate opens up again. It is time to dish out some shovel justice.Shovel Knight stays very true to the games that inspired it. It looks and feels like an NES game. Actually the developers deliberately tried to keep it as close as possible to the original NES aesthetics. There are some features in Shovel Knight that the NES would not have been able to handle. The developers stated that they were working under the assumption that the NES would still be supported today so while still being an 8-bit system the cartridges would have vastly improved chip sets.Shovel Knight's gameplay is a mix of platforming and combat. Shovel Knight can simply strike enemies with his shovel but is also able to jump up and perform a downward strike to deal damage to enemies and bounce off of them. This is a necessary move at some points in the game since there is no double jump. He can also use his shovel to dig out piles of dirt or some walls to find treasure, opening up a way or reveal secret passages. It is possible to reflect enemies' ranged attacks via shovel strikes with the right timing. Shovel Knight has three resources: health, magic and gold. In normal mode getting hit reduces Shovel Knight's health by half a point while in new game plus mode one hit equals one full point of health lost. Touching spikes always results in a death. Magic is drained whenever an artifact is used. There are several artifacts hidden throughout the level. While you can replay almost every level as often as you like those artifacts can only be purchased at a hidden vendor the first time you visit the respective level. If the level is completed without the artifact having been found that artifact can be purchased at the vendor in town. Gold is used for buying artifacts as well as upgrades or sidegrades. Shovel Knight can upgrade his shovel as well as his health and magic pool as well as buy alternative armor sets that often have one particular benefit while carrying one disadvantage that other armor does not have.The artifact system is very reminiscient of the one in the Zelda games. Shovel Knight can have one artifact at a time selected. The selected artifact can be changed anytime by bringing up the inventory. There is a wide variety of artifacts and while most of them have an offensive use some are primarily used for defensive or utility purposes. There is for example a fire staff, a locket that makes you invincible for a few seconds, a fishing rod that can be used to catch treasure, health pickups or collectibles and a dagger that enables mid-air dashes. While artifacts make the game a whole lot easier they are not required to beat the game. It is entirely possible to complete the game using only the shovel if you are skilled enough.Shovel Knight starts you out on a world map from where you enter the first level. While the game is mostly linear and all boss levels need to be completed to get to the final level you can often pick the order in which you tackle the boss levels. There are also some optional bonus levels that only serve the purpose of collecting treasure. There are two towns that can be visited when you feel like spending your gold. Also, there are some enemy encounters that don't occur within a level but on the world map. Aside from the optional treasure levels and the world map encounters you can revisit any level as often as you like.Every boss has a specific theme with his level reflecting that. For example there's King Knight, a knight who is not actually a king but nonetheless dresses like one and resides in a pompous castle which is also not his. Or there's Treasure Knight who wears an old-fashioned diver's suit and can attack by shooting an anchor chain at you. His lair is in a flooded shipwreck. Every level has some specific mechanics which are unique to that level, keeping the game fresh.Compared to many other games Shovel Knight is quite tough. It is however not overly hard nor is it unfair. The controls are very tight and responsive and with all of the enemies it comes down to the player knowing their patterns and behaviour. Every level has a bunch of checkpoints from which you can restart after you die. Since there is no life system you can retry as much as you want, but you drop a part of your gold every time you die. Luckily this gold can be reaquired if you make it to the point where you died. Checkpoints can actually destroyed for bonus gold, so be careful around them. You don't want to destroy a checkpoint by accident. However, if you accidentally destroyed a checkpoint or just lost too much gold you can always leave the level and enter it again. If you leave the level without having beaten it everything is reset to the point before you entered it.The graphics and music of Shovel Knight do very well within the developer's self-imposed confines. The graphics are colourful and show great attention to detail. The music does a good job in conveying the respective level's atmosphere. All of the ingame music can be found as music sheets and given to the bard in town. Aside from paying you in treasure the bard will then play any of those songs for you if you ask him.Shovel Knight is still to be expanded content-wise. While what you get when you buy it is already a full game the developers are currently working on an expansion campaign in which you play as the boss Plague Knight. There will be several more content updates in the future. Since they were promised due to the game's kickstarter campaign reaching its stretch goals all of those will be completely free which is awesome.In summary, the developers have done a great job at Shovel Knight and the game delivers everything they originally strived for. If you are fond of platformers and/or retro games you should give Shovel Knight a try.More reviewshere"
,Recommended,250760,13686416,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,"USA, THE IRL DANMAKU COUNTRY","Is Shovel Knight setting an unrealistic standard for ""retro""-style platformers?Yeah. Probably! It's actually using the aesthetic well, and plays like a NES-era dream."
,Recommended,250760,33801009,Posted: 25 July,all,Dyldo,If i only speak 1 truth it is this:This is the only good game
,Recommended,250760,13638225,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Fondri-est,Jesus this game is good
76561198045809514,Recommended,250760,30169442,Posted: 25 February,all,moe_iou_nothing,"You're a knight with a shovel. There's armour to collect, shovel upgrades, challenge modes etc. All good stuff.Pixel styling is beautiful. Worth the money!"
76561198049879503,Recommended,250760,17570335,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Zantoni,you wont regret it
,Recommended,250760,32896988,Posted: 27 June,all,Sleepy Zor,I'm digging this game.(Sorry)
76561198167783515,Recommended,250760,13544977,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,thefrumpytuba,best game ever amazing sound track great boss fights not to hard not to easy and some secrets to find also like the games secret butt mode which changes your characters name to butt butt puzzles enimes magic weapons it all combines into an amazing game
,Recommended,250760,13752853,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BeanBoyBlue,"good fun game. Hard at times, infuriating at others. But all in all it was a good game and i would reccemend it to all people."
,Recommended,250760,13754485,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,stegnosis,BESTPLATFORMEREVER
,Recommended,250760,13759352,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DMWM,10/10 Like Skyrim with shovel -IGN
,Recommended,250760,13656816,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/xK3nnyx_Lim,I had more fun playing this 8-bit game than most next-gen games out there.
,Recommended,250760,11046338,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Brainiac,"In the deluge of indie games trying as hard as they can to be ""retro"" or ""challenging"" it's easy to become jaded. It feels as though every game rips off Cave Story's asthetic, or they feel the need to cram in stupid physics or RNG sections.Shovel Knight isn't one of those games.The controls are very tight for an indie platformer, Shovel Knight has a limited attack range and the levels are designed around this and his ability to dig up terrain blocks. The music is fantastic, it's Kaufman and Matsumae, you cannot improve on that. Even my most hated level had a theme I find stuck in my head from my repeated failures.The only thing that truly seperates this game from its predecessors is a lack of a life system, where they've instead opted for a Demon's/Dark Souls-esque system where you only drop your money which has to be recovered. And in typical Souls fashion, the levels are easy if you take it slow but fiendish if you try to rush, especially if you want to be cool and go for those final achievements.If you find the money and have any fondness for 2D platformers, then you should definitely pick this game up."
76561198073255734,Recommended,250760,30400259,Posted: 8 March,all,RussRock7283,"Absolutely fabulous game, well done Yacht Club, can't wait for more."
76561198165662204,Recommended,250760,26563773,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Lonely God,"I bought this game for  the PS3, PSP, PS4, WIIU and now PC.In other words, buy this game and support these developers. Why? Cuz this game is awesome, people. ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!"
,Recommended,250760,12455167,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,MikeNashFlash,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,250760,11079365,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,genoforprez,"While one might argue that Shovel Knight doesn't do anything new; what it DOES do is incorporate a bunch of things you already love into a concentrated beam of platformer/RPG goodness. The best way to explain Shovel Knight is in terms of other games, so here's what we've got:--Super Mario Bros 3 style world map (including random bonus levels and bosses that shuffle around).--Super Ghouls n' Ghosts style platforming, combat, and level design--Duck Tales style cane jump (now a shovel jump of course) and treasure collecting--Dark Souls style experience systemAs you platform and shovel-battle your way through each level, you'll want to find and collect as much treasure as you can get your hands on, since treasure is equivalent to XP and can be used to purchase upgrades.Much like Dark Souls, however, if you die at any time, ALL OF YOUR GOLD will be dropped and you'll be sent back to the nearest checkpoint. You have one opportunity to make it back to your gold and recollect it or you lose it permanently.An interesting twist that is NOT like Dark Souls is that you can actually DESTROY the checkpoints in the level, which gives you a hefty chunk of treasure/XP, but prevents you from using that checkpoint. (If you die, you'll be sent back a LONG way.)There are villages on the map where you can spend your treasure to buy HP and MP upgrades. There are also upgrades for your armor and your shovel. You can also purchase various tools and relics (used to cast spells).The levels in the game start out challenging, but they can get seriously difficult in some places. The first two bosses (the Black Knight and the King Knight) are pretty simple, but once you get to the third boss (the Lich King), the difficulty ramps up quite a lot. The boss battles are well crafted as well. They provide a lot of challenge, but the bosses have patterns and exhibit ""tells"" for special attacks, allowing you to learn the boss' techniques and develop your skill at them.While most of the game succeeds at being very challenging without resorting to cheap surprises or death traps, some of the later levels use tactics that will definitely try your patience. In true Dark Souls spirit, prepare to excessively curse and repeatedly protest that you've had about enough of this bu||sh!t only to keep playing anyway. With both Shovel Knight and Dark Souls, it begins with trying to win for fun; and it ends with trying to win because F*CK YOU, MOTHERF*CKING GAME. F*CK YOU RIGHT TO HELL.Ah, good times.You can replay levels (including boss fights) as many times as you want for extra money.Visually, the game appeals to your nostalgia, but the gameplay incorporates many popular conventions from modern games.It's an RPG platforming adventure, and it's a pretty good time."
,Recommended,250760,30502933,Posted: 13 March,all,iaspis,"Great action platformer, which reminds me of superb classic games like Super Wonderboy and Megaman. Lots of content and many free additions from the developer. Recommended!"
76561198069267642,Recommended,250760,27286052,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dragon 2h,"Hey it's a really cool game, go play it... Please."
,Recommended,250760,11356675,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Spupa,hard but good like most things that are hard
76561198067693256,Recommended,250760,29656929,Posted: 2 February,all,Don't expect much.,This is simply a phenominal game.
,Recommended,250760,11333057,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Robert J. Sullivan,FOR SHOVELRY
,Recommended,250760,16405198,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Caydr,"Not only does this game bring back tons of old memories playing on the NES and SNES but it also brings back the difficulty. Prepare to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you over and over again, incredibly enjoyable though.8/10"
,Recommended,250760,11670283,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,butter dog,"In 2012 I walked into a public restroom at Wal-Mart and startled a person who was already in there, causing him to slip on a puddle of urine and hit his head on one of the sinks. He immediately began convulsing, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ his pants, and foaming at the mouth. As the blood began to pool around his head I noticed he was wearing a ""Meat is Murder"" shirt, prompting me to leave him to his own thoughts.Later that week I was watching the news and it turns out he was some congressman's son and now he's in a wheelchair, lol."
,Recommended,250760,11191749,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Need another platformer as of old in your life? Simply buy this game.That's the gist of this game; it is probably the best platformer this year, and if it wasn't for Rayman Origins and Legends, I'd say this is the best platformer in the past five years.What Shovelry is This?What's the best way to describe this game? Think of Megaman-like bosses, each one has a theme and style of attacks; Castlevania (older ones) controls meant for two button controllers, with relics activated with up and attack button, and special items (relics in this game); and Duck Tales hopping and loot, which you actually want, to increase your character's health, mana, armor, shovel blade techniques and relics.All these gameplay ideas and level designs comes together beautifully in this game. Neither game mentioned here feels like it was added in for a gimmick or was neglected.The controls irked me at first, resorting to the retro Castlevania mechanic of UP and ATTACK to use an item. However, once you get used to it, everything else is buttery smooth with full control over your character's jumping and movement. You are not terribly slow as Simon Belmont nor fast as Mario; the best sort of comparsion I can think of in terms of speed is playing as Megaman X without the boost ability.You only need to tap the down button to activate your down-thrust attack, not hold it, and to quickly change back to standing just press the ATTACK button to stop yourself. Some obstacles will require you to stop yourself from destroying the platform beneath you.The most important thing is that Shovel Knight got the job done right for a platformer: You are liable for your own deaths, not the game's limitations on you.Difficulty along with certain cheats (yes, a game from 2014 actually has cheats that will amp up the difficulty and/or break the game) encourage you to replay this game in a variety of ways.[If you want a full list, check this link:]http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=280263875There are also some in-game things you can do to add or lessen the difficulty such as destroying checkpoints for extra loot and having goblets to give you health, temporary invincibility and a magnet for loose treasure bags. Some achievements will require you to play the game in certain ways, if you care for them, so I think the replay value is above standard but nothing too exceptional.My only complaint I have about the way the game handles difficulty is I have to cheat to play the game NG+ mode from the start (without carrying equipment). You can still get achievements by playing the game normally on a different save file. (NG+ mode, by the way, increases the damage you take from enemies and environment hazards. Vanilla NG+ mode is all right, you just start with everything unlocked from your save from the get-go.)For the best experience, I'd recommend playing this game from the start in NG+ mode for hardcore platformer fans.The Superb Qualities of a Challenging, Not Hard, GameLevel design is a hit or miss for some; they are five-minute bursts full of themed gimmicks and challenges. I thought the approach was novel and true to its NES roots. No two obstacles and/or platforms felt the same.For example, the underwater area has tentacles to hop on over pits of death and spikes on the roof with higher jumping physics underwater. The magma area has green globs to hit on enemies and lava pits to make them less dangerous and being able to jump on with your shovel. The flying stage has gusts of wind that require you to make your way around blocks and scaffolding in a certain way.I can go on, but as you can see, there is more to each level than a simple paint-job. Some enemies do reappear with some added quirks suited to the stage hazards, like the knights with shields.In the King Knight stage, they're simple; they block, they hit. In the Treasure Knight stage, they have a different color to designate them AND they toss anchors in a parabola direction that makes them more dangerous than before. In the Propeller Knight stage, they fly and have the ability to blow you around. Some other common knights with shields have more or less HP.Bosses. The best way I can describe these bosses is to recall my favorite boss fight, ever: Fighting Zero from Megaman X2. If you recall, Zero didn't have a set-list of attacks that had a pattern to them, rather, he fought based on some moves he had and also where you are in relation to the boss. All of the boss fights in this game have that same feel and I absolutely love it.If I go based on how many boss encounters there are, there are 24 fights, some are random encounters on the overworld map or hidden bosses in NPC areas. Like Megaman, you fight 8 masters/knights and then you fight them again in a gauntlet, one after the other. Also, you fight your rival three times, slightly different in each encounter. You can rely on your Shovel wits alone to beat them or use your relics as tools to win the battle.Out of all the boss fights in the game,. The Tinker Knight is the only let down because is so stupidly easy. Twenty-three other encounters more than enough make up for that.[h1""It's only ]FOUR HOURS!?""[/h1]Game length is the one most people are worried about. This varies from person to person, but if I had to set a length on a blind playthrough, going 100% will take you from 5 to 10 hours.I finished this game in six hours with an 84% completion rate, mostly from the musical sheets I didn't want to find. Just like the games it idolizes, the game is meant to be short, satisfying and wanting you to come back to replay it for fun. The cheat-list greatly adds to the replay value, so I'd say this is easily worth $15 for those undecided.Dig Thy Shovel. Squire!Lastly, this game is FUN. Remember that word? Want to watch a giant king apple fish dance? Want to hear puns knightly to cheer up a stubborn toad? Want to smack potions into the walls for points in a mini-game for treasure? You can do that and more in the game. This is a game that not only was crafted in memoration of the glory days of platformers but also has an amount of admiration for the game itself."
,Recommended,250760,13644092,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ongo Gablogian,"Yes.  Simply, yes.  I cannot recommend this game highly enough.  You are SORELY missing out if you haven't picked this one up yet.  It's worth every dollar I threw at it.Okay, you get the picture.  Shovel Knight is a fantastic game, so go buy it!"
,Recommended,250760,32027809,Posted: 28 May,all,Fluffas,is gud
,Recommended,250760,13795792,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Captain Birdseye,bashd a dragonz ed in wif a shovelliek skyrim with shovels/10-IGN
76561198122393442,Recommended,250760,29533686,Posted: 27 January,all,Fedpez,e
,Recommended,250760,12738942,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[C*G*C] Aura,I dig it
76561198050537674,Recommended,250760,30130463,Posted: 23 February,all,dbowen,Love this game so much that I will be buying again for the switch.  Get it..
,Recommended,250760,15880710,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,FourthToe,Is any mortal man worthy enough to review this outstanding product? No? I'll end this here then.
,Recommended,250760,11226548,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,kol,so you have to travel through the land or something and defeat all the robot masters. then you fight wily and you win. 10/10
76561197994656409,Recommended,250760,10980278,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Hapsam,Jo is gut... was auch immer... kaufen falls kribbeln in den Hoden aufkommt.
76561198056652175,Recommended,250760,12314561,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Plastiek_zakske,Gr8 i r8 8/8
,Recommended,250760,11737609,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Sparfire,Higly recommend this for anyone that loves the good old fashioned NES style of games.
,Recommended,250760,11816002,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Jordie,LIterally perfect. 10/10 game best game ever i am literally ♥♥♥♥ing at a constant rate after having beat this game. it's literally the best thing in the world lakjsdajksdkasjdklj. SRSLY BUY IT
,Recommended,250760,10847303,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Boomangee,Pretty good game! Has a good platforming feel and really easy to learn!
,Recommended,250760,10856389,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,soundcloud.com/lycheeonthetree,:^)
,Recommended,250760,10933935,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sad and boujee,yes
76561198046169776,Recommended,250760,10853126,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,alkashkari.a,"Shovel Knight feels familiar from the get go, with a beautifully designed 8-bit world, flawless game mechanics, a nostalgically unforgettable soundtrack and a handful of things that makes it just the right amount of retro-dose you'll ever need."
76561198021749967,Recommended,250760,10852666,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jazz,"This game is an amazing throwback to the 8-bit sidescrollers of old.  The controls are just tight enough to be responsive but don't hold your hand, which makes the whole experience enjoyable and challenging (a RARE treat in today's market!).  The graphics are bold and eye-catching, and the music is absolute ear candy.My only major critiques are the somewhat high price for an indy game and the difficulty spikes, which can be off-putting to folks that haven't kept up on their platforming skills.  If you loved Mega Man or Bionic Commando, this game will not dissapoint!"
,Recommended,250760,10860454,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dad69,"Buy this game. If you like games that are good, buy this game. 10/10. Masterpiece. Dig it?"
76561198049188273,Recommended,250760,11813161,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Button GEN. Pootis Gnome,"If you like Ningrundo consoles, you'll give this game a B/5."
,Recommended,250760,12241924,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Get-In-Da-Robot,"Good game. Challenging, but not unfair. Kawaii story."
,Recommended,250760,16478374,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr.Slade,K this game is like the old games the good games now the review the game has a good storyline and The grafics are old school my style The Game has good music its a diff experience for does who play modern games for the people that like old school style like me the game will be excelent I rate it a 8/10
,Recommended,250760,11341916,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Goovy,"I absolutely recommend this game to anyone who would play a platformer or someone who loves platformers. This is by far one of the best platformers if not THE BEST platformer. It takes core gameplay mechanics from other platformers like zelda 2, with its villages, ducktales with the down-stab pogo jump thingy, and megaman with the 8 bosses, but they don't have any specific  weaknesses like in megaman. You can get relics throughout the game that act like special abilities, such as a fire wand or a phase locket that grants invulnerability for a couple seconds. There are also treasure levels and boss fights with random people. There's even a frog that tells you puns. The last two levels were super awesome too but I won't spoil it. Its an awesome game and definetly worth the $15 price tag. Just play it. 10/10."
,Recommended,250760,31228706,Posted: 18 April,all,Shaneus,Ending makes me cri every tim :D
76561198043868301,Recommended,250760,32822044,Posted: 26 June,all,Maxwell's Demon,"Retro platforming perfection.I love playing old NES games: I love seeing how compelling experiences could still be created given the technical limitations of the time. Pixels are placed with economy and solid core mechanics are used to great effect. It was thrilling to see this kind of spartan design philosophy being applied to a contemporary videogame. There are a few moments where the game 'cheats' by using technology that was beyond the capabilities of the NES such as parallax scrolling, but these do not diminish the overall experience even if they may offend some purists. The devs get the fundamentals just right imo.The story is surprisingly heart-warming and the levels provide a constantly engaging series of challenges. The Plague and Spectre Knight campaigns have now been released and provide a plethora of new content. Don't miss out on this game!"
76561198177203158,Recommended,250760,21617604,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Vortex,"Shovel knight is one of the best games I've ever played. The mechanics are perfect and the story is interesting, this game is definetly a 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,11134972,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Weisskaiser,"There are way too many ""retro-style"" games that aren't anything like old games, which only seem to be ""retro"" style because their creators are pretentious and/or lazy.Shovel Knight is not one of those games.It looks perfect. It sounds perfect. It, shockingly enough in this world of ""hey retro means really hard right?"" games, PLAYS perfect. It gets tough at points, tough enough for you to die at the same point five times, tough enough for you to scream out loud, and yet manages to get it right to the point where you DON'T say the game is unfair, because it's not. If you die, you certainly know why, and know what to do next to not die (and then you invariably screw up and die again).Playing this game makes you feel like a child again. It's a familiar and nostalgic, yet completely new and refreshing experience.If you grew up playing video games, you HAVE to play this game."
,Recommended,250760,13900544,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Cyril,"Is Shovel Knight a good game? Certainly, there's almost no denying that. Is it a great game? ...not really.Instead of the standard ""omg so amazing"" reviews that don't help anyone, I'm only going to focus on the problems, because everyone else has already pointed out the posititves.The first problem is the over-reliance on instadeath prevalent in the second half of the game. By that point you have a lot of health and magic and presumably a lot of items. Thus, running out of HP becomes a lot rarer, especially since the frequency of full-heal chickens never decreases. The only way they can kill you with any efficiency in a standard run is to have lots of instadeath, INCLUDING in four boss fights. And instant death is about the only way any of those bosses are going to kill you too.Basically, the game just ends up overly punishing. I understand needing to ramp up the difficulty but when an enemy comes out of nowhere you knock you off/push you off a platform into a pit/lava several times in the second half of the game, I don't feel like I did anything wrong as much as I was just screwed over by the game. Knockback is the biggest killer at that point, and the enemy placement is set up not so much to hurt you as to instakill you. The final tower levels feature almost nothing but instakill traps, including a long moving walls/crusher section, a long platform-riding section, and a long vertical autoscrolling section. Propeller Knight's stage suffers from this as well, and Polar Knight has quite a lot of spikes throughout his stage.They're really good about keeping the difficulty balanced throughout most of the game but at this point it becomes too punishing and mostly about trial and error. Checkpoints are frequent enough and there's no lives or game over, which makes trial-and-error gameplay a bit less problematic, but doesn't excuse it entirely.Spectre Knight's stage also has a few problems, namely the over-reliance on the darkness gimmick. Something around half the level has it, including the boss, which is a bit too much for that kind of gimmick, I feel, especially when it mostly serves to, again, instakill you. Not as frequent as later levels, but still. The stage is a bit of a difficulty spike compared to the intro stage and King Knight's stage, the only other level available at the time.Plague Knight's fight is too intense and challenging for where it is in the game, I consider him the hardest boss even with full stats and you have to fight him before the halfway point of the game, where you don't have max HP or items.The Wandering Traveller boss fights don't feel as polished as most of the game, either, which makes some sense given that they were made by kickstarter backers at least to some extent, but I feel they'd be more memorable and more fun with a bit more polish to them. Baz is especially bad, probably the worst boss in the game, but none of them I found as enjoyable as the main stage bosses.The ""lose money when you die"" system is good in the sense that it rewards players for not dying, but it also overly punishes players who are struggling with the stage, preventing them from getting the tools necessary to make things easier on themselves. Arguably, there's a certain skill level where you're just not going to be able to beat the game at all, but it makes the game grindy when you have to keep replaying the easy levels just to buy upgrades and items to make the harder ones doable at all. This isn't a problem I faced myself but I can easily see many people getting frustrated over it.I still would say I had a lot of fun with this game, but when all is said and done I'm going to remember it as ""a good retro platformer"" and not as ""one of the greatest platformers of all time"". I recommend it, certainly, but don't get overly hyped about it or you might end up disappointed."
,Recommended,250760,27812696,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OldMacButthurt,This game doesn´t need any recommendation.Just play it and have the time of your life!
,Recommended,250760,28774427,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Failed Pacing,"Overall a great game. All the elements of an excellent game are there and work together. From tight platforming to lovable chracters, this game has heart."
,Recommended,250760,15156920,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Yoyo | N.A.H.C.,Very good game. I love how you have to use the shovel to bounce off enemies and other objects to complete parts of the game. This is a game for experienced platformers. There are quite a lot of secrets. Nice retro feel. It's definitely worth the 15 dollars.
,Recommended,250760,28798233,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kersjous,Superb!
76561198051549834,Recommended,250760,28798805,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hagane no minor,"This game is a must A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++Super Challenging, Well accomplished, one of the greatest games I've ever played."
,Recommended,250760,28787723,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,圣雄肝帝@0824,"If you like the original FC Megaman, this game is for you."
76561198070839627,Recommended,250760,11695407,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,MuldertheFox,THIS game is AMAZING. Very nostalgic to Early game systems. Definitely a must play
,Recommended,250760,21957321,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Sam,10/10 would sit and watch trouple king dance for 20 minutes again
76561198272099876,Recommended,250760,22094597,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,we got it boys,Thanks to game grumps for playing this great game and encouraging me to buy it myself! Hoping for a Shovel Knight 2!
,Recommended,250760,30973053,Posted: 5 April,all,"Oscar, Knight of Astora",They release free updates. I think i have said enough :)
,Recommended,250760,13962625,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Shine,"Really quite good. It's about what you'd expect, and done well. A retro action platformer, with some quite difficult fights and jump puzzles.Despite it's short length, it proved to be quite a satisfying experience with a nice little story.There is also a New Game Plus mode, with increased difficulty as well, so it retains some replay value."
,Recommended,250760,10905778,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ult,it's like mega man with shovels
76561198009198234,Recommended,250760,11399473,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Zombie Hunter 0,"""Medieval Mega Man"" as I like to nickname this game, takes game structure from Mega Man and also takes inspiration from other classic NES games like Mario and Zelda.  Is this bad?  HECK NO!  This game is five kinds of fun and has large replay potential.  Frankly this game is a welcome retrend on such games, especially since Capcom seems insistant on just sitting on the actual Mega Man series and not doing anything with it (doesn't stop them from merchandising it though!).  Thank you Shovel Knight!"
,Recommended,250760,11333915,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,PROON42069,"As an oldschool gamer growin up on some of the most amazing platformers you could ask for, Shovel Knight replicates everything you love about platformning. The game has an amazing sound track followed by great controls, you will find yourself playing this game over and over no matter how many times you beat it, I would recommend this game to EVERYONE, whether you are a megaman fan as myself or just love a new gaming experience, this game will not dissapoint you."
,Recommended,250760,24221866,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Trading Robux For GF,An excellent platformer with challenging and unique boss battles that is more than worth the $15 pricetag
76561198173068929,Recommended,250760,30448093,Posted: 11 March,all,Puck,Better than snorting crack off of a hookers cleavege. It can be tedious if you fail repeatedly at a part of the game. But the boss battles and plattforming is as solid as the erection I got the last time I rewatched the original powerpuff girls.
,Recommended,250760,16799894,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Zincoshine,The only game from 2014 where 8 bit graphics are suitable. This is a true homage to the 8 bit era. The game itself is like a combination of many great games from the late 80s while removing any and all negative elements from games of that era. I recommend this to everyone over the age of 20 and hardcore gamers under that age.
,Recommended,250760,23765070,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Armandocubos,"I really liked this game but I dont feel like using a controller or keyboard for this game I think this is a game for mobile use example I liked a lot more this game on nintendo 3ds XL, 3ds and 2ds. a lot more"
,Recommended,250760,23770600,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Where the fuck I am,Megaman with a shovel.
,Recommended,250760,23780157,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,My body is Reggie,I can dig it.
,Recommended,250760,11154613,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,🌟Novur🌟,"This game is AMAZING and EPIC!Let me start off how I felt about it from beginning to end, When I first heard about it at E3 2014, I'm sure that's where it was announced? I wasn't really sure. But when it first showed I wasn't interested. Because they didn't show much. Then one of my friends tried to get me to like it but I still wasn't to keen for it. I'll admit, It takes playing it to know how it feels yourself. So after alot of convincing later, I decided to buy the game and try it. And to my surprise, it's now one of my most favorite games!I really enjoyed this game! :)"
76561198055345089,Recommended,250760,28552946,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Make Me A Pretty Salad,"Just seeing if I can be the one to push it to 97% positive.Really though, it's a great game.  Perfect platformer, with one absolutely free DLC already released, with up to 3 more on the way."
,Recommended,250760,17135021,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dusty The Fox,BEST. GAME. EVUUUUUUR!!!The gameplay is solid and the controls are responsive and i can finally play with a keyboard without sucking (*cough Cough* super meat boy *cough*)The graphics are like nes but HD.one problem overall though the game is incredibly short like it normally takes someone 4 hours to beat the gameThey redeem this quality by adding 300+ cheatcodes (not exagirating)
,Recommended,250760,10994949,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ｄｕｐｅｄ,"Really Awesome game if you love games like Mega Man, Mario and the old 8 bit Zelda games you will love this game.Also I was watching videos and people are doing the dissapering attack if you know how to do that please comment how!"
,Recommended,250760,13836256,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Macarius Wrench,"A charming throw-back to the golden generation of NES platformers. Difficult in places but never in an unfair way, constantly challenging and full of retro charm. If this had came out in the 80's it would have been considered one of the greatest ever. Shovel-tastic."
,Recommended,250760,28282239,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,z32o,"Genuinely one of the best and most fun games I've played.The controls are tight, the music is awesome, the visuals and animations are a love letter to old school platformers, the plot is simple to understand and the script is filled with puns or references to other games and media.My favorite is the Plague of Shadows. Compare this to the normal Shovel Knight run, it's better in all aspects if you enjoy a challenge with lots of platforming!Also the game is getting another playable character and campaign soon, so it's totally worth your money!"
76561198151389913,Recommended,250760,18090618,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Nicja,"This game is amazing, the devs and community are fantastic, and the music epic, Play it, live it, love it."
76561198082490454,Recommended,250760,11061641,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Not Big Boss,The best indie game i've played and one of my new favorite platformers. I dig Shovel Knight
,Recommended,250760,11683683,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Creative Geek,Ok..... this game is WAY TOO GOOD. If you like Mega Man and other retro games. Then you will LOVE THIS GAME.but this game does have it flaws. for newer gamers this game can be hard. and it can sometimes be unfair.but if you grew up with the NES/Genesis then this is a game for you
,Recommended,250760,11064613,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,shinmai　◃▷　²🇫🇷🇺🇳🇰₂🇩🇺🇨🇰,"One of the best games I've played in the last year or so. Highly recommend.The graphics are actually faithful to the limitations of old 8-bit consoles, and not just low-resolution pixelart colored dully. The music is phenomenal, and there are a ton of different tracks. But the best part is the gameplay. Controls are tight, difficulty curve is very nearly perfect, but the game still values your time, so it doesn't feel like an old game, even though it plays very much like an NES classic. The boss fights are varied and fun, and the level design is interesting, and really cleverly teaches new mechanics through play rather than text-dumps.Replayability is achieved by allowing players to self-impose challenges, and by optional ""side-quests"" and optional bosses."
,Recommended,250760,10851205,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Cruise Elroy,"I haven't played this game that much yet, but I can tell this is going to be a gaming gem that won't be buried alive anytime soon."
,Recommended,250760,11088326,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,If push comes to shovel you should buy this game. :)
,Recommended,250760,11372279,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Clarque,"Shovel Knight scratches an itch I didn't even know that I had. Its retro graphics combined with chiptune music remind me of the old Mega Man games, which is a franchise I loved as a child.The gameplay is quick, and crisp. You don't find yourself blundering because of the controls. The bosses themselves aren't too difficult; it's the levels that are your biggest challenge. The platforming in this game requires some practice. Luckily, the game doesn't run on an extra life system. When you die, you lose gold which you can recover as you restart.The soundtrack for the game accents it so perfectly that the game seems less bright if you turn the music down. I don't say that a lot about soundtracks, but this one is definitely worth putting on headphones for.The story is actually pretty surprising. I thought it would be a cookie cutter hero vs. villains story, but it turns out to be so much more.Definitely worth your time and money."
76561198024920461,Recommended,250760,15816214,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,FluffBucket,So good.
,Recommended,250760,11995735,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,kool-aid jammers,"I rate this game 10/10The controls are great (I'm using an Xbox controller, I figured it would be better) I've had the music stuck in my head for a while, It's basically Megaman except with a Shovel and cheat codes. The 1st save file I made had a cheat code where it replaces every shovel and knight in sentences with butt. So my guys name now is Butt Butt. Also, it's the first recent game in a while that's actually hard. Get this game. You will not be dissapointed."
76561198123455963,Recommended,250760,25948976,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,musier,"I love this game, the music is great and the bosses are awsome. 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,10852086,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nightmare Eyes,"if you enjoyed any of the following, you will likely enjoy this game:-mega man series-ducktales (nes)-super mario bros. 3-zelda II: the adventure of link.a veritable love letter to all four and then some, the game features solid gameplay that teaches you through gameplay and not tutorials, a downright boss ost accented by the original mega man 1 composer (!!!), and a goofy, cheesy story that'll at least make you roll your eyes and grin, if nothing else. while i reference the four above as reference material, the game actually plays fairly uniquely and has its own strengths (and weaknesses) by comparison--it's a rare gem among others of its kind that shines in its ability to utilize its tools for its own sake rather than relying on parody and mockery to do its job for it--it's a game that's genuinely fun, rather than only being fun because it makes you think about the fun you had playing the games it takes its cues from.the game took me about 8-9 hours to complete--rather impressive for an nes-style indie game--and there's a new game+ mode that will probably take a little longer due to increased difficulty. there are also codes you can use to make the game easier/harder/sillier, if you're into that. my main complaints are mainly in difficulty spikes--some areas/bosses are far harder than others, and it can feel a lot like the difficulty takes a sudden dip or jump depending on where you are. i personally had lots of trouble in some of the later stages only to beat the bosses barely getting touched, if at all. the price point may also be an issue for some--$15 isn't terribly cheap, and though i feel the game is worth it for its polish, you might do well waiting for it to inevitably go on sale if you're not sure you'd enjoy it.all in all, this is a game that has the look of a classic and the feel of a well-constructed platformer--if you enjoy platformers at all, you're missing out if you skip over this game.also, there's a mode where every important word is replaced with the word butt. 11/10 would steel my shovel again."
,Recommended,250760,25493773,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Bongoloid,I only know what this game is because cow chop and game grumps played it
76561198158866796,Recommended,250760,18077198,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ginger_Tshirt_Canon,AMAZING!!!!!! BUY IT NOW YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!!!!!!!! YOU WILL WANT TO PLAY IT AGAIN!!!!
,Recommended,250760,17092194,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,@JaqWorld,"I think everyone already knows how amazing this game is. The platforming is masterful, the bosses are memorable and fun to duel with, and the armor and weapon upgrades are amazing. Can't wait for the Plague Knight expansion. My only beef with the game, and it might just be my computer, but on the last two or three levels, my game lags a LOT. But that is probably just my computer. I give this game 10/10, and I would recommend this to anyone who misses the old-school platforming action games."
,Recommended,250760,17343472,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Havoc,This is an amazing game
,Recommended,250760,28563220,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Koukoubagios,The game is E-P-I-C!
,Recommended,250760,10857105,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Clasdes,"Zubaz, metrovaina, and dark souls had a baby though Yacht Club games. Been hyped since Matt and Pat showed off the beta for the game on TBF and it does not disapoint."
,Recommended,250760,15805870,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ericfails,"I just finished the game for the first time and I really enjoyed it. In total I died 137 times, and each time I take full responsibility for. I don't play this type of game very often but at no point did I feel like the game cheated me. I played the entirety of it with a DualShock 4 controller and it handled perfectly with the DS4Windows program.I purchased the soundtrack+game bundle because the soundtrack is really that good. Each zone has a great theme and the song for each is memorable, with ""Strike the Earth!"" being my favorite. Most of the bosses are interesting and challenging, I think I only one-shot one of them. The strategies to beat them aren't rocket science and defeating them is only a matter of execution. The final boss sequence is particularly rewarding and unique.The biggest surprise for me was the world of the game. There are genuinely funny moments and characters and by the end of the game you really feel for the main character. I highly recommend playing this if you like well-made platformers."
,Recommended,250760,29241370,Posted: 13 January,all,Omnises,"I'm to lazy too truly think about and review this game, so I'll make this quick~It's a game where you play as a Knight and he kills things with a shovel. You collect gems and you can dig them out of the groud.If you feel really special, you can even use your shovel as a pogo stick, don't question it man.You can even kill other knights, because they're broke and don't have quarters. They can't even play an arcade machine, man.If you go to a town, you can get stuff. If the game is too hard, cheat. If it isn't then don't, 'cause that's stupid.I like this game, I'd dig it out in spades, but I suppose it depends what kind of hole you dig yourself into. I personally want to plow it right up. I like this game so much that I think about it every knight. I personally don't think they truly steel anything. You dig?Bad jokes aside, whether you like the NES style or not, you should still pick up this game. It takes every good game mechanic, refines them, and steels the NES art style and instruments. (Okay that's enough of the puns.)It's definately not something you should simply miss, I'll put it that way. Whether you like it or not is up to opinion, but you should at least try it.Also DLC is MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM goooooooooooooooooooooooood"
76561198069610995,Recommended,250760,11110905,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Funky Dealer,10/10 wud pley agen
76561198122064456,Recommended,250760,31435597,Posted: 29 April,all,TheHeroOfHyrule455,"Shovel of hopeDifficultyThe difficulty is ok for the most part, some parts of the game can be a bit... annoying.But i guess i can't complain.ControlsThe controls are not too bad on the keyboard, but i would recommend using a controller to play this gameStoryYou play as a legendary knight who has lost his companion toThe enchantressArmed with your shovel, you set out to defeatThe order of no quarterto saveShield Knight!oh by the way, if you choose theShovel Knight: Shovel of Hopecampaign, then instead of a name, type STQQTXVX which will disable feats on that profile, but gives youfull Invincibilty from enemies, spikes, pits, fast swing speed and Super Jump, fast movement speed on run, start with all relics (excluding chalices) with infinite ammo and rapid fire and with permanent Treasure Ichor effects.the same goes for the other two games except the code doesn't workYou could run this game on a toasteri can't run rocket leaguebut this runs at an easy fps10/10 would use codes again"
,Recommended,250760,29776148,Posted: 7 February,all,Jeremy,A great game that pays homage to a lot of classic games while still feeling unique and fun.  10/10!
,Recommended,250760,29785424,Posted: 8 February,all,Paper Pal (TAOHG),This must be the greatest game that has come out in a couple of years... :D
76561198286780316,Recommended,250760,32339746,Posted: 11 June,all,Jeffskii,this one goes in the traaaash
,Recommended,250760,18121419,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,huh,Great platformer i love that you can actually do something with your gold and stuff. unlike mario games...
76561198076280706,Recommended,250760,30966026,Posted: 5 April,all,ZeyD,"One of the best games i´ve ever played. A really good platformer with interesting and tense bossfights, awesome music in every single stage, cool mechanics and a bunch of loveable characters. Just the right degree in difficulty and a nice game to play with friends (if available)."
,Recommended,250760,10855462,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rising Superstar,"Strike The Earth! This is one of the best games of its kind, and you'd be missing out if you didn't play it, and play it again. Then play it about 4 more times for good measure."
,Recommended,250760,10885910,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Hugh Morris, M.D.",Killed monsters with a shovel. Truly my life was not complete until this moment.11/10
,Recommended,250760,30196473,Posted: 26 February,all,El Jefé,Finished in 2 hours but I feel like I need to play 300 more hours of it
76561198135105103,Recommended,250760,11603629,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,orkivp | trade.tf,cool game
76561198146334918,Recommended,250760,11595729,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,jdelaria18,Only 2 hours into this game and I feel like I have been teleported back in time to when I was a yound kid playing Mega Man and Zelda in my childhood bedroom. Soundtrack is great. Gameplay is Great. Graphics are great. Shovel Knight is great!
76561198000217277,Recommended,250760,11619104,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Mr.Sand (S4ND0VAL337),"Shovel knight is a great game, it combines elemtns of an RPG with classic platforming and all the jumping over spikes and holes that entitles. The game reminds of a mix between mega man x and a more modern game like castle crashers. The graphics are beautiful and everything runs smoothly. I've yet to encouter any glitches.I would give this game a 10 out of 10 and why shouldn't I? The gmae is beautiful, there are shops to buy upgrades and magic items, The game gives me Nostalgia and every level is well thought out and different. But that being said I still think there are some things they could have expanded on. Such as being able to find rare and powerful items in chests, being able to sell items and buy better ones. Perhaps adding side quests from characters in the game that allow you to go back to previously beaten levels and fight someone that took over the area or something. There is little replay value in this game, after you beat the game you can go back and playthrough the game a second time with it being severely harder but it just feels lazy to me because the second playthrough only changes how many checkpoints you have and how much damage you take. But it is literally the exact same game.So final thought I give it a 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,250760,33072228,Posted: 1 July,all,Hough,"This game has given me quite the interesting experience. For the slightly high price of 25 dollars, you basically get a 3-in-1 pack, and you will be able to choose which one you play based on your character type.Pros:Starting with the basics, I obviously just chose the OG Shovel Knight. Throughout this journey, I found myself enthralled by the adventure. I have to admit, the gameplay mechanics were somewhat simple, but that isn't always a negative point. The storyline in itself may seem generic, however the game has incorporated scenes throughout the game that makes it touching and emotional. A very clear example of this is given after the first level (SPOILERS) where you are asked to save Shield Knight, your partner, falling from the sky within the dream. This campfire scene becomes very symbolistic throughout the game.However, if you are looking for a more dynamic gameplay mechanic, definitely go for playing Specter Knight (from Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment which is included in this game). There is wall climbing, slashing in mid-air to travel and an entirely different upgrading/shop system. So if you are less into story, you can get just Specter of Torment on Steam for around $10 (base price).Plague of Shadows (the third playable character that comes in this pack) also takes a whole different perspective into the game and plot. Taking the perspective of Plague Knight, you use your special alchemy powers to constantly throw bombs and jump around at great heights. This character introduced a great ""mix and match"" system with what types of traits you wanted your bombs to have that you unlock and purchase with your collected coins throughout the levels. Great way to keep every playthrough fresh.There are still many general concepts throughout all of these that make Shovel Knight so unique. Every level is cleverly designed to keep your brain solving small puzzles and organizing your next move along with certain places where you need to physically act quick. Death has a fair penalty of taking 1/3 (I believe it is around that much) of your current gold and letting you take it back when you respawn. This motivates you just enough to let you keep playing, without being so harsh where you just want to quit.With only a quick glance, it's hard to tell that this game has much substance besides ""defeating levels, bosses and repeat"", but that is actually incorrect. There are plenty of hidden secrets in every level or world to discover. Even upon finishing the original campaign for Shovel Knight, the difficulty has changed as the save file turns into something called ""Game+"", allowing me to experience it again but with a more challenging situation to keep the fun of the game alive.This game is...well...just really fun. The soundtrack fits the game almost all the time, and nothing is too complicating or impossible, but definitely not just any plain game. I think my money was well spent. 10/10Cons:-(When on Mac) can't leave the game without quiting it.*Edit: Added more info on Plague of Shadows."
,Recommended,250760,18211325,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,A-Mei-Zing,"Great game, but just too hard for me. But for those of you who can deal with it, it's an amazing game with VERY WELL crafted music and visuals. Totally worth it's price."
,Recommended,250760,31238440,Posted: 19 April,all,TheABC,This is one of the best games i played in a long time. the pixel perfect gameplay the addicting rewarding platforming and fair deaths with 3 and soon 4 additional characters this game is nothing short of a masterpiece and should be played by everyone who has ever played a platformer and liked it. this is what you call a near perfect game and i think everyone should play it
76561198057679520,Recommended,250760,25520539,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Potions Seller,amazing! love every second of it. its so retro and old gamey type
76561198083691633,Recommended,250760,23805873,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Panchi,"This game is amazing..Truley a work of art but not a Sh*t piece of art like you see on a 3 year olds page on DevianartThis game has got all the fixings for a 10/10 but why doesn't it get a 10/10 for me?Well I'll tell you why.It has got all the aspects I love in a bit game, good music, good art, replayability almost everything.EXCEPT 2 PLAYER CO-OPIf they release a new update where there is two player CO-OP then by god almighty I will sacrifice my unborn (And never will be created) Son to whatever god the Devs worship.This game is a true piece of work and It will never grow old in my heart and I had a blast all the way through.It gets a 9.5/10 for me just if it had Co-op then it would be a amazing and legendary game.And as always game on and Shovel away!"
,Recommended,250760,12096029,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"Great game about being a responsible camper. Shovel Knight teaches the player that only you can prevent forest fires, by making sure to extinguish your campfire. Be cool about fire safety."
76561198004024979,Recommended,250760,13647426,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,CommanderSpleen | Gamdom.com,Shovel Knight. It's a game about a Knight and a Shovel. The Shovel is OP and the Knight knows it. He uses the Shovel to *SPOILERS* and thats it. Also it has the Plague Knight. Whom is the greatest boss of all time.10/10 I loved it. Plague Knight Story please. Thanks. I love you for making this game.
76561198055198101,Recommended,250760,13652337,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kelpy ɢ,"I haven't played a game like this in a long time. The game will absolutely kick your♥♥♥♥♥but it makes you stronger, it teaches you. If Dark Souls were a platformer involving Shovels, it would be Shovel Knight. The soundtrack is fantastic, the graphics are straight out of an NES cartridge, and the level design is superb. Shovel Knight is a masterful work of gaming enginuity that I would recommend to all gamers."
76561198080032014,Recommended,250760,13766869,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TASRtheGreat,"This game is a good combination of everything that was good in past platformers(megaman,mario,ducktails,castlevania etc.) and this is a game that can surprise you with what kind of skill you can actually pull of then what you think you can."
,Recommended,250760,13803786,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sepolash,"It's a perfect tribute to some of the older retro games. This game has some challenging platforming, unique bossfights, and a soundtrack that truly complements every moment you spend in the game, whether you are in an intense battle, or simply walking through the village. The controls handle well, and are straightforward and aren't to difficult to master. As I stated before, this game does have parts in which you may find difficult, but the checkpoints throughout the level will help keep you from having to repeat parts, and allow you to feel accomplished after completing each level. With each death, you lose a portion of the gold that you've collected throughout the game. You can collect this gold back when you return to where you had died previously.In short, It is an amazing retro-style 2D platformer. Shovel Knight is a ton of fun, and is a must have to your library!"
,Recommended,250760,13807298,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Galvan,Really good game.  MegaMan esk it was a lot of fun and the last boss left me penny less and agravated. overall a really good game.
,Recommended,250760,13880200,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kicksy,"Very nice game. It offers platformer gameplay similar to that of the NES/SNES era that you obviously already can tell. You go around killing and hopping on enemies and obstacles with your shovel. You obtain gold that can be used to upgrade gear with unique abilities. The boss fights are neat and the music is really good. I would wait for it to go on deal until you purchase it as the game length isn't that long, but still worth the price since it's a good game, especially if you can see yourself running through it multiple times and the second time running will be more of a challenge for those looking for a harder time."
,Recommended,250760,14132387,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,M i l l e r,"""its the best""ign-10/10"
,Recommended,250760,14538526,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,nifboy,"Shovel Knight is functionally a Greatest Hits of 8- and 16-bit era game mechanics: Mario 3 overworld + Megaman-esque boss and level selection + Castlevania subweapons + Ducktales-styled pogo move. Combined with an amazing soundtrack and superb level design, Shovel Knight is the One Retro Game to rule them all."
76561198104151366,Recommended,250760,13714959,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SoetaLillaBlomma,"I have only played this game for a few hours and a I already both love and hate this game! ...IT'S FREAKIN' AWESOME!Combines elements from lots of old nes-games like Duck Tales, Mega Man and SMB3 with some new and fresh input.It's really much up to you to make it old-school or not, you get checkpoints at each lvl but if you want to - you can smash them to get treasures instead of using them as checkpoints!"
,Recommended,250760,14237570,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,B3T,YEEEEEE IS GOOOOOD
,Recommended,250760,14703425,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Misfit,"Rage worthy, but awesome throw back. If you hate rage worthy games, stay away. If you like it rage worthy games, prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥for a hard as ♥♥♥♥ game."
,Recommended,250760,15274080,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,timbone86,"I would like to say that I am not a platformer kind of gamer. I prefer things like RPG's, Action/adventure, and FPS. I do not like games that are from the 16 bit era that much. I lived and played games during that time and I am honestly glad that time period is over. With that being said, I think Shovel Knight is an amazing game. I think the gameplay is solid. There are a bunch of collectables in it. Not to mention there is a tone of upgrades to Shovel Knight. The storyline is pretty predictable  but that is ok because the gameplay itself is fun. I like how there is an acheivement for listenining to all the puns that one character says in the game. I like that they put that character in the game. It ads an extra form of humor without the need for a storyline mission or a side quest. I like how there is a Mario style of map to move around in. I have to say, I was impressed by this game. I didn't think I was going to like it as much as I do. If you like retro style gaming then you need to have this one in your library. If you don't like those type of games then I still recommend this game because I don't like retro platformers and I still found this game to be fun and worth my time playing it."
,Recommended,250760,13882588,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,MUST DIE!,BEST. GAME. EVER.
76561197995491919,Recommended,250760,13993263,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,endril,make a shield knight game next
,Recommended,250760,15213289,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Bor Gullet The Truth Squid,"Pretty much flawless. Not even that difficult, if you're a filthy casual like me!"
76561198082438220,Recommended,250760,15917290,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,One of the best all around platformers that I have ever played.  It has everything from the NES era.  If you grew up playing a NES I guarantee you will enjoy this game.It's also a better love story than Twilight.
,Recommended,250760,15506639,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ShadowRFox,"Shovel Knight take me back to the days of playing Megaman and Mario. The game center around the hero Shovel Knight in his quest to stop the Enchantress and her evil knights of the Order of No Quarter. Shovel Knight plays like Super Mario Bros 3 and Megaman. By that I mean the overworld is just like the overworld of Super Mario Bros 3 where you on a overworld map and you select a stage to enter. And the levels play like a standard Megaman level where you must platform your way through, destroy enemies, and use items and power-ups you got along the way to help get to the end of stage where you will generally fight one of the knights of the Order of No Quarter.Now none of this bad, quite the opposite, it taking some of my favorite parts from those games and making a good game out of it. It definately add to the nostalgia factor for anyone who played those games. But this game is easily it own game with it fun story, colorful characters and bosses, and finally it has a fun soundtrack.This is a must get for anyone who think themselves a side scrolling platformer fan. And if this wasn't enough for you to get this, also know that the developers are releasing DLC that will add new characters and features to the game (this is because they reached their kick-starter reach goals). This a lot of great content for less than $15.Edit:Plague of Shadows add on to the Shovel Knight story by telling it from the side of one of the villains known as Plague Knight. Use Plague Knights bombs to blast your way through the levels. You can customize the bombs and rearrange the casing, powder, and fuse on the bomb. Each one of these affect how the bomb work and how you will use them. The level are almost identical to the one in Shovel Knight but with some slight differences to allow for Plague Knight to get through the level. One way this game shine is how it take side characters that you would have not given a second thought to an actual back story. I personal enjoy the interaction between Mona and Plague Knight.This was a welcome expansion to the game and the fact that it was free make it all the better.Edit 2:Specter of Torment add on is the prequel story telling how the Specter Knight recruited knights of no quarter join the Enchantress. As Specter Knight you must cut the other knights into submission to make them join the Enchantress. Specter Knight plays far differently than Plague Knight and Shovel knight. He can climb up walls and do slicing attack to enemy to zip his way up to higher areas. This style take a some getting use to but once you do it feel right. Like with the previous campaigns you will get items and armor that can make you game easier.I salute Yacht Club for their ability to take not only a boss character but every minor character and flesh their character and story out. Specter Knight campaign is full of minor characters who couldn't get their shine in the previous campaigns.With 2 campaigns done and a genderswap mode added, all that is left is the King Knight campaign."
76561198050335239,Recommended,250760,15459292,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,poph55,"Shovel Knight is quite different from many platformers in many senses. To begin the idea of using the shovel is interesting because it allows for more unique puzzles/treasures. Another interesting part of the game is the ability to press down to bounce on top of enemies with your shovel. The extent to which this can be used to grant you bonus treasures, defeat bosses, and even get more power ups makes it more than a gimmick, but turns it into a very important mechanic to learn and master.Furthermore, the game has some of the most creative bosses and stages of any game. Each stage has its own mechanics that you must be able to pick up on the fly. Normally I would not like this, but you are usually given one stage where you can practice using the mechanic before having to use it to complete a screen.Overall I highly recommend Shovel Knight."
,Recommended,250760,12281790,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,egg,really great retro style platformer but id reccomend a controller to plat it. but really one of the best throw backs to retro games in a while
,Recommended,250760,10988753,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Strong Dog,I spent three thousand dollars on hats for other people and then got killed by a hat-obsessed lunatic10/10
,Recommended,250760,23769972,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Turkish Treecko,"Of all of the ""pixel"" or ""nostalgia"" games that people sh*t out these days, they should follow the path of Shovel Knight. This game feels like an NES or SNES game if it had no system flaws, which this game is. Well worth the 15$."
,Recommended,250760,15674885,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Richsquid,my favorite game on steambosses music and sprites are awesomein the ps4 or ps3 got kratos and xbox one got battletoads that is so amazing :3
,Recommended,250760,18431490,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Slimer Joelski,Hard as balls and made me tear apart a toy ambulance.10/10 recommended
76561198064371039,Recommended,250760,18101094,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,El Booticabra,"I had never played a game before that made me legitimately want to pay the developers more money, and I had never bought a game and then had the developers give me three more for free.  Then I played shovel knight.  And now I have."
76561198122871412,Recommended,250760,30366505,Posted: 6 March,all,Flocking_Foxes,Shovel Knight is one of the best 2D platformers ever created. If you have any interest at all in the genre you owe it to yourself to try this game out.
,Recommended,250760,10875641,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Toteemi,I can dig it
,Recommended,250760,13506681,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KenneyL,I spent 20 minuttes messing with Hoop Girl.10/10
,Recommended,250760,22036221,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,savagedab69,hot shoveling action only found in this game kidsviewer discretion advised
,Recommended,250760,31048542,Posted: 9 April,all,BeeSawd,"Already worth asking price and then they threw in DLC twice as big as the regular game for FREE, support these guys, the're ♥♥♥♥ing great."
,Recommended,250760,12218054,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Uncle Testes,go outside and dig a hole in your yard and that's how fun this game is times thirty million
,Recommended,250760,10861100,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FilthyScumX,This game gave me six pack abs.
,Recommended,250760,15623373,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,dheart88,"This is my #1 platfomer game on steam :)the developer stick to 16 color pallete and nintendo/famicom music (they even use tracker that use VC6 mode!)the art, music and gameplay are awesomecan't wait for plague knight update"
76561198065282565,Recommended,250760,29990121,Posted: 17 February,all,Game_Daddy,"A very good platformer inspired by the classics, but ocassionally it follows that inspiration a little too closely (stupid death spikes)."
,Recommended,250760,15217520,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[HxC]DuckSauce,"Mega Man/Duck Tales rehashed with a bad♥♥♥♥♥knight that smashes♥♥♥♥♥♥with a shovel.Seriously, it doesn't get much better than this.Buy it.  Now.  What are you waiting for?!  JESUS!  DO IT!"
,Recommended,250760,29677249,Posted: 3 February,all,ekolis,"If you liked challenging NES platformers such as Castlevania, Megaman, and Zelda 2, you'll enjoy Shovel Knight. It's quite challenging, but there are plenty of checkpoints throughout the levels, and you get infinite lives, so as to keep frustration levels low.The levels are designed intelligently, in that new game mechanics are gradually introduced - you might learn how to deal with bouncy squid on one screen, and then on the next screen you'll have to bounce on the squid to get over some spikes.The music is excellent in chiptune style, reminiscent of the NES games I mentioned earlier. There also seem to be references to Megaman and other games - for instance there is a boss who resembles Enker from the Megaman series in terms of his attacks.Overall, this is a well made game which is quite challenging, but not too frustratingly impossible."
76561198147895512,Recommended,250760,30060539,Posted: 20 February,all,Purgles,11/10 Just becasue it's a knight with a shovel :D
,Recommended,250760,13876832,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Opal,"I can't say positive things about it, or people will say that I was paid to."
,Recommended,250760,11942265,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dr. Nick,cool beans
,Recommended,250760,30046764,Posted: 19 February,all,acetaminophen,"This game is incredible.Shovel Knight is a game about a knight, clad in cerulean armor, with a shovel for a weapon. He used to roam the lands with his love, until they were seperated at the Tower of Fate. Now, Shovel Knight must rise up once more to protect the valley from the Order of No Quarter.This game is super freaking hard. Maybe it's just because I suck, but this game is difficult. You will ragequit. You will swear at it. But at the end of the game, you will love it. It's a combination of tons of different NES games. It has the pogo-jump from Ducktales, the knockback effect from Castlevania, and the boss battles and instakill spikes from MegaMan. If you loved those games, you will love this.I died a total of about 100 times. No joke, no sarcasm. 100 times. I think maybe a little more. That's how hard this game is. If you're not a fan of constantly dying, you will not like this game. If you don't like gorgeous 8-bit graphics and incredible chiptune songs, you will also not like this song. But if you put aside the ""terrible"" graphics and the ""♥♥♥♥♥♥"" music, you will discover an incredible experience.Plus, there's a new free expansion for the game, and another coming up, that lets you play as Plague Knight and Spectre Knight, so there's a pretty good replayablity to it.9.5/10I don't like dying.TL:DR: It's difficult, but good. Buy it."
76561198100846469,Recommended,250760,30387933,Posted: 8 March,all,Ad Infinitum,"A simple game with a surprisingly good story. Not only that, the developers are still adding new contents in the game. The game is certainly worth the price.Just buy it!!"
76561198119132000,Recommended,250760,30367084,Posted: 6 March,all,silenceisred,"Save the Shield Knight, save the world."
76561198223477648,Recommended,250760,30405867,Posted: 9 March,all,Shamaro,"While I prefer my fantasy with more dragons, this game has everything you could ask for in an action plateformer. lovely pixel art, a killer soundtrack and game elements and mechanics that were inspired by so many old classic games such as Super Mario 3's map system, megaman esque level designs and bosses, hidden items like in legend of zelda, and of course the pogo stick mechanic from Ducktales!Take up your shovel blade and get ready to fight all manner of warriors, worlocks and monsters. Like the classics all the mechanics are taught through experience instead of hand holding tutorials. The story is simple, yet it has one of the most epic plot twists ever. Sorry, no spoilers, you'll have to beat the game to find out.I also enjoy how the map enviroment is never stagnent, random encounters pop up all over the place, and the penalty system for dying is rather unique and fair. Instead of losing lives, you loose your gold, or jewels I guess.This game is worth every peny and more, ten out of ten I say. Now if you'll excuse me, I've treasure to dig up."
,Recommended,250760,30676332,Posted: 22 March,all,Loog,"I will admit I don't have many hours on steam for Shovel Knight, i find the controls a tad clunky with standard keyboard mapping, however with a gamepad this game is absolute gold. I've played this game without the free DLC for about 500 hours on the basic campaign alone on my Nintendo 3DS.Story: 6/10 It's a tad predictable but good nonethelessGameplay: 8/10 Controls very well, and when you die, it's generally something you did wrong, which can be frustrating, thus 8/10Music: 10/10 Originally composed 16-bit gold that made itself etched into the history of gamingIs the game worth the full price: DefinitelyThis game is a classic and if you haven't tried it, you should certainly consider picking it up, sale or not.Adding as of 2017 with added Treasure Trove DLC:This game got even better with the release of Specter of Torment, they remixed all the music from the original game and created a custom storyline with all new stages. I highly reccomend even more-so than before if you don't own this game to give it a try."
,Recommended,250760,30691104,Posted: 23 March,all,Benefit,"Overall Score: 9/10Price: Reasonable (Already confirmed 2 free DLCS coming + Maingame/PoS DLC)Difficulty: First few levels (4/10), Mid to end levels (7/10), Achievements 100% (9/10). First few levels and bosses are fairly simple, the game does a great job of ramping up difficulty but the last few levels can be quite challenging for platformer novices. The game gives you plenty of checkpoints to aid you through levels + relics can be overpowered. Plague of shadows DLC (7-8/10).Length: (Before the free Spectre of Torment DLC coming in Aprilish)Main story                            6-10 hours,+ Extras                                9-15 hours,+ Plague of Shadows DLC   15-25 hours,100% achievos                    30-50+ hours.I thought the game looked pretty cool and decided to get it on sale, boy am I happy I did. I did not expect to love this game as much as I did nor did I expect to put in the time to 100% it. You play as a Knight with a shovel who is looking for/trying to save his love Shield Knight. Along the way you meet quirky but loveable characters that breathe life into the towns and game, I found the dialogue quite funny. The graphics in this game are amazing (for this style), the music is even better. Some of the level tracks are some of the best retro tracks I have ever heard. To top it all off the gameplay somehow manages to be perfect. Tight controls, alot of ways to play differently with relics plus an entirely different playable character that feels nothing like playing the original with his own unique power-ups.In my opinion if you are looking for oldschool nostalgia, a great platformer, a funny game, or just something new to fall in love with I recommend this game. The only reason I'm giving this game a 9 and not a 10 is because the price right now is high without knowing how good the free content will be when it's released. If it's on sale, DEFINITELY BUY IT.(Fair Warning: If you are pretty new to platforming or video games in general, you might find this game too challenging. It's not IMPOSSIBLE HARD but certain areas or bosses can be difficult while the rest of the game is normal difficulty.)"
76561197995517201,Recommended,250760,30349358,Posted: 5 March,all,nrainmaker,"Great game, I cant wait for the new free DLC! :D"
,Recommended,250760,30416629,Posted: 9 March,all,ABF | Father Carbon,Best of all time
,Recommended,250760,30931032,Posted: 3 April,all,Mollychu,"If you prefer the old classic Nintendo library of games, then definitely try this game out.Reminiscent of games such as Megaman, Ducktales, Zelda 2 and castlevania just to name a few.Tight platforming and combat scenes, collect money to upgrade your knight with extra health or magic capacity.Collect various different side weapons and miscelanious trinkets to help you through all the levelsHas an amazing authentic Nintendo 8-Bit soundset composed soundtrack, it just doesn't get old."
76561198116260895,Recommended,250760,30969971,Posted: 5 April,all,FedoraLogan,"Is there an option for higher than a 100? This game is such a joy to play. It blends together some of the best aspects of retro games, as well as some newer titles. This is an anyone game, I find it hard to believe that anyone won't like this. It's easy to pick up, it's challenging, and the music just compliments the already amazing gameplay.With the release of the new specter knight campaign, I played only ten minutes and I'm loving it already. Yacht club is doing fantastic work, they know what DLC shouldbe, and did I mention the DLC is free?Shovel knight is all around a joyous NES era throwback. Once you pick it up, it'll be hard to put down. It is really worth the $35 I payed for the deluxe edition"
,Recommended,250760,31235951,Posted: 19 April,all,demon_boy53,I dig this game.AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
76561198053116289,Recommended,250760,15139137,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mastergamer2222,You are a knight with a shovel 99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10
76561198124176376,Recommended,250760,14378657,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,zacc_ozga,Shovel Knight is a very good game. It has everything a 2D platformer should have!Beutiful Graphics? Check!Awesome Protaginist? Check!Great Soundtrack? DEFINATLY CHECK!Fun? Of course!Buy this game. do it now. It is just ten dollars
,Recommended,250760,29172719,Posted: 10 January,all,J P T M,"This game is frustrating as hell sometimes, but man is it fun.10/10 would slap king knight in the face with a shovel again."
,Recommended,250760,30571808,Posted: 17 March,all,Nj Grant (Ghost Cloud),Just bought it. Played the game. Was really good. I just didn't care about its price. I just really want to get my dirty hands on this son of a ****!
,Recommended,250760,19223668,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Pinko,"I LOVE THIS GAME. I would buy this game again if I could. That's how good it is. The sprites are amazing, the music is catchy and the story just works. I'd reccomend this game to anyone that even remotely likes video games. 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,30969560,Posted: 5 April,all,Dogge Sauce,"Pretty Good, gotta say"
76561198168029217,Recommended,250760,29552993,Posted: 28 January,all,Zendefta,"/h (ORIGINAL REVIEW) /h-2014 game-shovels-very addictive-has a frog that tells puns-shovels-8-bit style-pure nostalgic-shovels-DLCs for free since its release-plague knight dances-more shovels-about 20 hours campaign (all content together)-pretty good challenges-did I say ""shovels""?/h (EDITED REVIEW) /h-spectre knight shows off (best character ever)-prequel to shovel's main campaign-black knight's sick ride-past, present and future (?) all connected-rail grinding <3-moar chelenges-COLLECT ALL SKULLS! Really worth it, no spoilers tho ;)-you can buy them separately! give plague knight or spec a good try or just buy treasure trove!-30/10 would rail grind again"
76561198202077800,Recommended,250760,31139334,Posted: 14 April,all,Grumpyツ,should cost 40 coins
,Recommended,250760,31146995,Posted: 14 April,all,Brobro Sunfun,"Just buy it already, you won't regret it unless your taste in games is that of a CoD kiddie."
,Recommended,250760,34179079,Posted: 11 August,all,ZAI,"One of my favorite games of all time.In short: Megaman, but with a shovel."
76561198154951379,Recommended,250760,34520311,Posted: 26 August,all,Gimick,Shovel Knight is a fun game and has a good story. I would recommend playing it.
,Recommended,250760,13642798,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Wonder Peter,Everyone should have this game so we can reach global peace and bury all our problems.
76561198044770180,Recommended,250760,13992914,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,"I'm Mr Meeseeks, Look at Me!","Kickstarter gets a bad rap sometimes, and for good reason, but if the service creates more games like this, I will die defending it, because Shovel Knight is one of the finest platformers I have ever played. The market is flooded with mediocre retro-style indie platformers that do little more than pander to people's nostalgia for a quick buck, but Shovel Knight stands out as a game that truly feels like an 8-bit game, from the color palatte to the sound design to the two-button control scheme, and would stand tall as a classic even alongside 8-bit titans like Mega Man and Castlevania. Controls are tight and fluid, giving you perfect control and making the simple actions you perform fun in their own right, which is essential for a platformer. The level design in on par with the best of the NES era, teaching the player about it's mechanics without ever shoving it in their face, and offering some amazingly creative ideas and mechanics. The combat is very fun, with several oppurtunities to test your shoveling skills against enemies that take more than one hit to fell, allowing you to chain attacks together in a smooth and satisfying fashion. The boss battles in particular are fantastic, offering massive challenge and forcing you to think on your feet, since they have set attacks, but don't always do those attacks in the same order. They're the best bosses I've ever seen in a 2D platformer. Despite it's purposeful limitations, the game looks great, and the music is some of the best chiptune work I've ever heard. It even has a story, and a good one at that, with some great interactive storytelling and a genuinely touching ending. It's no masterpiece, but it's more than I'd expect from a game like this, especially when so many higher-budget games with more focus on story get it so wrong.What impresses me most about Shovel Knight, though, is how well it captures the true essenece of nostalgia. Most retro indie games' defintion of nostalgia is to say ""hey, remember game X? Wasn't game X great?"" which is misguided admiration at best and manipulative design at worst. Instead, Shovel Knight builds the elements that create nostalgia into the core of it's design, rather than merely reminding us of games that incited those same feelings. It does this through a combination of discovery and safety. Shovel Knight, while playing on familiar tropes, has many incredibly unique and surprising moments that play with our expectations to create something new, and even when they're not setting us up the level and mechanic design is so utterly inspired you just can't help but be in awe of it. However, there isn't too much new. The game is presented in a style familar to nearly everyone who plays games, and the simple traditions that underscore this discovery, like returning to the town to give music sheets to the bard and buy health upgrades, give the game a safe haven, a sense of security that prevents the influx of new mechanics from becoming overwhelming and threatening. Discovery and security are the things that made childhood great: being able to experience so many things for the first time, but always having a sense of security in the feeling that you would come inside and mom would cook you dinner at the end of the day. So in other words, Shovel Knight evokes emotions that reflect a positive view of childhood, and what word describes a positive view of the past? Nostalgia. People often use nostalgia as a negative, but they have to realize that for a game to invoke nostalgia, the memories of it have to be positive. The same techniques that make people remember games like Zelda so fondly are replicated perfectly in Shovel Knight, and that is no small feat.Admittedly, the game isn't perfect. The biggest problem is that it's a bit on the easy side. Checkpoints are frequent, magic items are too powerful, and magic refills are far too common. While this does suit the game's intent, which is more about having simple fun than massive challenges, it left me wanting more when I completed the quest. The New Game + mode does address these problems by increasing damage, removing health power-ups, and giving you less checkpoints, but it would have been nice if that was selectable from the start as hard difficulty. Additionally, there isn't nearly enough to spend your money on, and all the treasure you get from the pleathora of well-hidden secrets this game doesn't take long to become worthless. Finally, there's a bit too much knockback for my liking, as I fell into several pits simply by being knocked into them by an enemy. The overarching theme of this game seems to be to take the good bits of retro games and leave the bad stuff behind, so it's inclusion is perplexing and occasionally frustrating. There is an armor which reduces knockback, though, which I like. Also, the game is kind of short, though a short length suits this kind of game. Overall, though, these are just nitpicks. Shovel Knight is an amazingly fun. It's a spectacular experience that anyone who enjoys the classics of the NES era will love, and even if you don't, Shovel Knight may convince you that, despite their age, those old games still have a lot of merit, and the love people have for them shouldn't be dismissed as a rose-tinted view of the past and a resistance to change, but rather a celebration of everything those old games did so right that newer titles have forgotten.Score: 9/10"
76561198059791889,Recommended,250760,28669993,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lordjoro,"Proof that not all game designers on the internet asking for money is scammers.Solid gameplay, a fair story, good soundtrack, and classic 8-bit graphic"
,Recommended,250760,13647973,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,CTRL,"Ok, so having grown up on nearly all retro consoles (atari, NES, SNES,N64, Sega genesis, ect.) this game... after all the games i played this year like the Tomb Raider remake, Civ5, Skyrim... all amazing games...Except Shovel Knight made me feel sooooo nostalgic with the gameplay that it immediatly became the second best game I bought for PC (#1 would be Bastion... look it up). This game feels like a classic mario....like Ghouls 'n Ghosts, like castlevania and even more so, like the original Mega Man games...With the retro design all those who missed out on THE best gaming period will feel just as fortunate as those who played in the 90's; playing this game.10/10 Would smack s**** with a shovel again."
,Recommended,250760,30478789,Posted: 12 March,all,limelight1210,"I put off buying this game fearing i wouldnt like it, since so many others have praised it as one of the best current retro style platformers of this generation. Thankfully, i DO like the game, although there are a few things that kind of let me down and felt disappointed about.+Great controls+Colorful sprite graphics+Awesome platforming and some well designed levels+Relics (aka secondary weapons/items) are fun to use and find.-I like Jake Kaufman and he did some great work on Contra 4 and Double Dragon Neon, but this game doesnt seem to have as nearly as much memorable music. Dont get me wrong some of it is good, but a lot of the music uses what i call the ""tinny"" high-pitched whiny instrument on later NES games (like Mega Man 6).-I was hoping each ""zone"" would have a set amount of levels and then a boss level. I wasnt expecting just about every stage to be a boss stage like the Mega Man games. The world map made me think it was going to be like SMB3 with some levels, then maybe a midpoint boss (like the little castles from SMB3) and then the final boss for the area.-The upgrades arent that great to me. Some armor choices dont really make them worth purchasing as well as the shovel attacks. The relics are ok but in this way it tries to be too Castlevania-ish and kinda slows down the game slightly having to cycle through which one i want to use, (but certain ones are fun to use for the plarforming bits).-I quickly discovered that New Game+ scales up the damage done to me but not the bosses, and also replaces the health bonuses in many (maybe all?) secret areas (and some mini-mini boss fights) with bombs. Its annoying to know that there is a wall i can destroy but oh no!, theres a bomb! Well let me check this spot because it had a turkey or an apple  (health) on the first playthrough- nope, another bomb! sigh...It just wasnt fun to play. I wanted to feel like a badass with all my upgrades and play another round. Too bad because i wanted to unlock more GAME!-The Specter of Torment free DLC i just cant get into. I like that they added new dialogue and a story to it but the character just controls really strange and odd which to me doesnt feel right at all.  I'll probably never touch it again.While i wont say it beats some of the more recent entries like Mega Man 9 or 10, this game still holds it own.The upcoming DLC comes out soon i will update this review when it does.7.5/10"
,Recommended,250760,12867427,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,crosslink,"Such an authentic retro experience, it feels like I should be playing it in my parents' basement!"
76561198061111086,Recommended,250760,12589261,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Dylan All-Mighty,"(My Original Review) - October 2014This game... I just can't put into proper words to describe how great it is...For such a short game, it left a impact on me, and not just nostalgically.I've had so many great moments with this game that I can say right now it's a MUST play for sure! I'm happy to say, its now a new member to my family of top 10 favorite video games of all time. But enough about me and my experience with the game, after all its no fun listening to someone ramble on about it, but thats what Shovel Knight kinda does to you. I've become so attached to this gemstone of a game over the past year that I kinda find myself lost within' it on every new playthrough.With all the charm it put into it's characters, and all the effort, love and the sheer polish of its platforming. And the soundtrack, good lord, the soundtrack! It's pure bliss without the ignorance and it does it so effortlessly.Go play it and you'll see what I'm talking about. If you're a either a die-hard nostalgic platform lover, or a casual player of games, it deserves your attention.UPDATE: (Plague of Shadows DLC) - December 2016As this game continues to grow and show off more about the other knights and their stories, it still stands to prove it's mark on my words. Plague of Shadows is Yacht Club's love letter to the community that still continues to support them in anyway possible. THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE GOOD DLC PEOPLE! Having the choice to play as another knight aside from Shovel Knight, and playing a completely altered main-story campaign to the one you're used to, is in a level of its own of how much the developers care about their game and the people who play their game.Taking control of Plague Knight (the main protagonist of the Plague of Shadows DLC) is completely different from the way you play the cyan-ironclad digger himself. Taking place during the same time as Shovel Knight's quest (and even intertwining with each other), Plague Knight comes equipped with his own tools for alchemical anarchy and mayhem. Concoct and brew your own bombs with the many of different effects at your reach to dispose of your enemies in droves of pretty explosions. How he moves, attacks and even jumps is so unique as oppose to Shovel Knight hes literaly a different character all his own. While tricky to get used to at first, once you get the hang of him you may find yourself not going back to Shovel Knight once you've played around with Plague Knight and all his marvelous gadgets.While also having an altered version of the main campaign, the story of both knights is just as diverse as they are from each other. However I won't spoil anything of Plague Knight's story as that should be experienced on your own terms to get the full enjoyment of it. But while saying so, the story will come and suprise you and twist any previous relationships with this beaked villian of the Order of No Quarter.And do you want to know the best part about this DLC, aside from offering an alternate story and new character to play?... IT'S FREE! It all comes with the full game, so is it really considered DLC anymore? Well yes and no. Its more of an addition to the full game that came in a update to it rather than being side content that you would pay extra money for. But hey, thats a good thing! This means you get basically get a semi-prequel and you don't have to pay the extra money (even though I would of payed money for this sort of thing. C'mon Yacht Club just take our money already).And so, as was said before about the original, this is a instant classic among myself and others who have played it. If you haven't gotten the chance to buy it yet, I still recommend it to anybody! And I can't wait to write another review about the next upcoming DLC, Specter of Torment, featuring Specter Knight."
76561198152482365,Recommended,250760,12800046,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BigDickRick69,i belive this is a amazing game people will say its hard because they play stuff like c.o.d but its a really fun addicting 2d retro style platfromer
,Recommended,250760,28502974,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,䷃䷋䷃䷏䷀ ䷴䷼䷝,"A short review for the short time I've put in so far:The still images look like it could have come from an 8-bit machine. But in motion it's as smooth as it is pretty. The classic game mechanics makes for a smooth gaming experience. I've never experienced any slowdown from this game on my rather average spec. laptop. as is prone to happen occasionally in like 30-60% of the games I play on the machine.Playable on a two button controller which is a plus, although it would have been nice if some of the direction+button commands were mapped to the extra buttons on your average controller.The main melee attack is prehaps a bit on the short side. I found it easier to kill most enemies with the downward strike. And I find the loss of gold on death rather annoying, especially when they are floating somewhere inaccessable.A great game, but I doubt it will have me coming back anytime soon once I've completed it. That's why I'm taking my time with it, a location/upgrade unlocked every week or two.8.4/10"
,Recommended,250760,30160526,Posted: 24 February,all,𝑯𝒆𝒆𝒗𝒊𝒆,It's good.:)
,Recommended,250760,13656578,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,FatherOfMunkers,"I'm blown away and in awe of this game.  After just playing through Specter Knight, I feel stupid spending over $30 for a game.  Why, might you ask?This game is the most satisfying experience I've had with a game all year.  The gameplay is flawless, the soundtrack is amazing, the secrets are infinite, and the homage to old-school games is omnipresent.  I cannot recommend this game highly enough.  If you don't pick it up on sale in the next 12 hours, you are missing out on saving $5 which you will inevitably fork over later.  Game of the year.  Hands down.  Buy it now.  Un-F'n-Real!"
,Recommended,250760,18167013,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Athetos,"This game is fun and really fantabulous, but the jumping sometimes feels a bit awkward :V"
,Recommended,250760,13766940,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FuscusNight,"This is the perfect game if you want to increase your blood presure and shorten your life span,If you're terrible at platformers like me.Frustrating but at the same time ALOT of FUN, the devs did a good job of capturing the style of old NES/SNES games allthought i often wished they didn't use some of those very old school NES/SNES ideas, such as :Instant death spikes, instant death pits and the infamous knockback effect which always knocks you back into a nearby death pit.Thankfully the game has a fair amount of checkpoints in every level, so it's at least somewhat forgiving.In general, the game feels like you took a bunch of old classic NES game and mixed them together, games such as : MegaMan,Super Marios 3,Castlevania and Metroid.The soundtrack is also just pure frekin' gold, really love it.The game is not very hard at the start but as you keep playing the difficulty keeps getting higher and higher, the last three levels being almost pure hell for me, i actully had to buy a new keyboard because of this game since i managed to brake my space key(jump key) in half because of how many times i started hiting it out of frustration due to the Tower of Fate: Entrance level.It'll kick your♥♥♥♥♥ but you'll keep coming back  for more.It is a game that will often request from you to be 100% perfect in certain levels and/or specific parts of a level but as much as it might frustrate you at those times, you'll also love it since the general gameplay just feels good and is so much frekin' fun."
76561198170699967,Recommended,250760,32026783,Posted: 28 May,all,TheSpiciestCock,10/10Perfect example of how graphics don't make the game
,Recommended,250760,13979772,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Viking Mana,"A lot of people seem to think of this game as the Messiah of all games - The peak of what we're capable of achieving. This has led to this game acquiring a somewhat over-the-top amount of praise.Is the game good? Yes! Is it great? Yeah.. Is it the best thing ever? Not quite.Let's be reasonable here: It's a fun retro-platformer offering a lot of challenge and bringing back a lot of mechanics from older titles that we haven't seen used in a larger and more popular mainstream title for a long time.Please, do keep in mind that some of these mechanics were left behind for a reason though.It's a good, fun game - Possibly even close to a masterpiece, but it is *not* 'the one game to rule them all'.What does it do really well?- Tight controls and Dualshock 4 compatibility without any outside tools needed.- Even thought it's an old style, the visuals are nice if you enjoy pixel-art.- A good sense of humor and a decent, if slightly confusing, story.- It's got a great deal of content and, like most games in this genre, it's more or less infinitely replayable.What does it do not-so-well?- An absolutely minute amount of bugs that can ruin your day. These are extremely rare in my experience, but while the game is solid it's not bulletproof.- Some of the mechanics are.. Well, not so fun. Rooms going completely dark, forcing you to go around not really sure of where you're going or what's up above or beneath you. Bosses that have a slightly tiresome amount of RNG and lack of control to them leading to some not always very fair deaths. Mechanics that take control away from the player and leaves you relying on luck more than skill, and some screens where a you run the possible risk of getting a setup of hazards that's unpassable. (It's rare, but it happens, and it basically means a reset/death.)I'd recommend this game to any platform enthusiast, but at the same time.. If you're like me and don't like mechanics where you can't rely on skill, this game *will* frustrate you every now and again.The difficulty curve towards the end also takes a rather sudden, massive leap, making the second half of the game far, far harder than the first half without really easing you into it.Great game, definitely a classic, and something I'm going to play more of - It's not the best game I've ever seen, nor evne the best of this particular genre. Top 5, but not number 1."
,Recommended,250760,31672077,Posted: 10 May,all,Paraneoplastic Pemphigus,good
,Recommended,250760,29767427,Posted: 7 February,all,"Charles Stiles, Mystery Melon","An easy 10/10. The gameplay is tight, the mechanics are fair and free dlc. You get the entire plague knight campain for free and specter knight's is coming this spring and if it's even half as good as plague knight's it will be amazing."
,Recommended,250760,29385181,Posted: 20 January,all,Gλben Freemλn,.
,Recommended,250760,14491733,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Doomguy,"This game, This <word censored by the internet police> game. The art in this game is what indie pixel art games should try and look like. It's still a top game for me now. It's the rare retro style indie that actually pulls off the retro look and gameplay many of them attempt. I collect NES titles picking up games from my child hood I really consider this to be an honorary addtion to my collection. It felt like Mega Man mixed with Zelda II and Castlevania II: Simon's Quest minus all the bad things in Castlevania II. Lots of retro titles influenced this I just listed some of the top of my head that I felt as I was playing this game. There were a few design choices I didn't care for not having a limited number of lives was one of them. That's fine though I understand they wanted to modernize it a little bit. Maybe there is a gameplay mode I missed that has that. Anyway 9/10 game I only dock a point for some of the desgin choices I personally didn't like."
,Recommended,250760,29106211,Posted: 7 January,all,jamesmoo,"Why are you still reading this? BUY IT NOW!!!!  no seriously, buy it now, it is well worth it."
,Recommended,250760,33881295,Posted: 29 July,all,Cruziana,"Yacht Club does a very, very good job of bringing back the nostalgia with Shovel Knight. This 2D side-scrolling platform game is indeed reminiscent of the era of 8-bit consoles, from the simple pixel art to the retro-inspired soundtrack. Shovel Knight doesn't lack in testing one's skill or mastery in platforming, as every stage is a challenge. In fact, I consider clearing a particular stage to already be an achievement in itself, since there have been far too many times when I have frustratingly restarted some stages  again and again. Finishing a stage means having carefully studied the area -- with all its secrets and surprises -- and being able to execute your plan perfectly and without error. I'll be honest that there were times when the game just seemed unfair, and perhaps it was by a stroke of luck that I passed some particular areas. Nevertheless, I would definitely recommend Shovel Knight for those who miss the familiarity of platform games, and for those who are up for a frustratingly good challenge."
,Recommended,250760,33957019,Posted: 1 August,all,TheDealSealer,"Every character is well designed both mechanically and physically, each stage offers a different flavor of gameplay, and there's side stuff to mess around with if you're not in the mood for the main quests atm, but still wanna play the game.The game also has a New Game Plus option for each story. The challenge is there if you want it, and whatever you got in your first run, you'll be thankful to have it again for your new game.If you like platformers, try the game out for sure."
,Recommended,250760,34318916,Posted: 17 August,all,FezAndBow,"Shovel Knight is one of- the best game I have ever played. I buy it on every platform, check the news every day, and buy all the stuff. I highly recomened this game."
,Recommended,250760,33956214,Posted: 1 August,all,fuck this fucking lag,"Do you like Megaman? Do you like Super Mario? What about Metroid or Castlevania?Need i say anything else?Shovel Knight takes all the great classics and puts them all into one enormous content filled box that honestly makes me feel like im stealing from the devs due to how cheap the game is in relation to all the great content.3 different campaigns available, with more to come in the future, all with new and different mechanics.Great pixelart, amazing soundtrack, and a diverse and interesting cast, although they dont speak that often.If you dont yet have it, you are missing out."
,Recommended,250760,34322401,Posted: 17 August,all,madedimaswirawan,I can't complain about anything. One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,250760,16424516,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,horsie,this game fun i play the game i like the game i recommend the game game is good good game♥♥♥♥ all of you
,Recommended,250760,19442843,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Gemsbok,"This review recommends Yacht Club Games'Shovel Knightas a terrific action platformer that rises above its apparent nostalgic value.[. . .] ButShovel Knightis a special game, because it does not merely wear the clothes of the classics; itisa classic, every bit as deserving of acclaim and status as are the titles whose trappings got it funded. [. . .][Click here to continue reading this review]"
76561198115065028,Recommended,250760,13601470,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,greggerbutts,"$15 is a steal for this game, best game i have played in years, if you love the old school style platformer, then this is your jam. Great soundtrack, levels, awesome abilities. This game is the real deal. Thank you for putting out something that us old sea dogs can enjoy and that keeps the 2d platformer alive for the new generation. Can not reccomend this game enough!!!! Soo good"
76561198063701411,Recommended,250760,13638723,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Yuki Hiroyuki,Awesome platform game from 2014!
,Recommended,250760,11072594,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,it's scrow funk,this is the best NES game in 20 years
,Not Recommended,250760,18722827,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,AuldWolf,"It didn't click with me.I know this is on me, and I'm offering my opinion here as a recommendation for those with similar tastes. It's not that the game was too hard, nor was it particularly badly designed.It was just too slow and overly methodical for me. It was overly obsessed with precision to the point where I personally felt it was at the detriment of fun. I think what really leads to a lack of a recommendation is that it's disingenuous and untrue to itself. It's visually reminiscent of Duck Tales (and other, similar 8- and 16-bit games) but it plays more like Super Meat Boy or I Wanna be the Guy.Now I'm not saying that I feel that it was misleading, nor am I saying that they falsely advertised. What I am saying is that it feels like it has a split personality and it creates a dissonant vibe for me as I play it.On the one hand, it wants so badly to look like an updated version of games I used to play. It strikes the closest parallel aesthetically with Duck Tales for the NES (due to Scrooge's pogo walking cane attack), but the heart and soul of the gameplay is indubitably contemporary and similar to other equally modern indie platformers.This identity crisis made it even less appealing to me as it felt oddly patronising. As though I would be too small-minded to accept it had it gone with a less familiar aesthetic. I don't like feeling patronised by my games. Maybe this, too, is a failing on my part. Perhaps it's just a paranoid insecurity, but whatever you think it just didn't sit well with me. I can imagine that there might be others who could feel the same way about it.I also understand that a lot of the fans just simply won't be able to grasp these complaints, and they'll create their own to argue against based upon misunderstandings of my perspectives. This is the Internet, you have to expect that.The thing is is that I'm not saying it's a bad game. I'm just saying that if you're like me it just may not sit well with you. Where something like Freedom Planet is completely honest about itself and confident in that to the end, for which I love it, Shovel Knight is more like a hustler that's trying its best to manipulate me into liking the game it is rather than being honest about the game it is.That doesn't mean it's a bad game. That just means it's a dishonest game. I don't like games that are so untrue to themselves. I feel that lack of confidence and I don't know how I'm supposed to have confidence in it if it has none in itself.I recommend this game to anyone who wouldn't have these issues."
,Not Recommended,250760,19967818,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tinySouffle,"The only things this game has to recommend it are charm and nostalgia for the ""NES-hard"" era. If you want a NES era platformer that ignores all progress games have made since 1990, but with slightly nicer graphics and more audio channels, then Shovel Knight might be for you.Let me start by saying I have a high tolerance for difficult games. Dark Souls and Super Meatboy are both in my top ten. I enjoy a challenge if it feels tough but fair. Shovel Night is tough, but it is not fair. You will die a lot in this game and at least half of the time you will feel like the death was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This is due to a combo of game mechanics that have died off in the past 25 years: Instant death pits and knock-back when you take damage. These mechanics should have stayed dead, and should never make an appearance together. They were not what made Castlevania or other NES games fun. They were ways that companies padded out short games when the industry was still young and we didn’t have better ideas. The combination of these with the randomness of some enemies will result in a lot of cheap deaths that pad out the games length. The main “skills” required here are patience and time. Given enough tries you will finish even the most unfair sections or bosses. And then at the end you might feel slightly accomplished. Maybe? I feel like I learned most everything I needed to in the 1st hour of play, I don’t think the four hours after that really increased my skill at the game all that much. It didn’t give me a feeling of mastery when I beat something, it game me a sense of relief. “Glad that’s over”Overall, in spite of some charm, I don’t like this game and can’t recommend it. Nostalgia is no excuse for discarding the many new game design ideas since the NES that this game throws in the toilet.Pros:Great first hour. Play that, then stop and just imagine that the rest of the game is like that.Nice Art & SoundCharming worldCons:Frustrating/unfairNot much mechanical depth to masterMostly useless gadgets/upgrades. (I only ever used 3)"
76561198156290234,Recommended,250760,26197996,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,CritsGreg,5/5 would dig in again.
,Recommended,250760,14120516,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MartyrA2J,"While it can be frustrating to the inexperienced. Even rage-tastic to an expert. This game has it all!Shovel Knight is a whole complete package. Graphics, music, and gameplay is all top notch!While it doesn't re-invent the wheel. It certainly does remind us of why we love retro games.I made a video review to show off some of the features and gameplay of this game!http://youtu.be/2pNDgZCVw8AI hope you enjoy!Martyr"
,Recommended,250760,26191331,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,diarandor,This is one of my favourite games on steam!
,Recommended,250760,11387674,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Altara,10/10 would get angry at about unshovleable birds again
,Recommended,250760,10850176,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,andre,"A knight with a shovel, I dig it."
,Recommended,250760,13842216,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,bruce!,Greatness.
,Recommended,250760,32895281,Posted: 27 June,all,Jamie,"Dude, ♥♥♥♥, dude, play this, right now"
,Recommended,250760,22797407,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,DarkSider47,"It's games like this that made me fall in love with videogames as a kid. If it wasn't for some small detail or other, one could truly believe Shovel Knight is one of the classics, as it certainly will be in the future. 10/10 would shovel again."
,Recommended,250760,22987872,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,GabZ !,"Its been a long time since I've faced a platformer game, then decided to buy Shovel Knight. What can I say is, it was an amazing experience I was not expecting to have! It have those challenges that you feel good about yourself when you beat it, a feel that I usually have in The Legend of Zelda games. The boss fights are amazing, gives me that feels that I should prove that I'm worthy to continue. It took me 2 days to finish the game and it was awesome. The ending its perfect! I mean, a stage where you should use everything you have learned its what many gamers want, the same does with the bosses. The PLAYER is stronger, faster and better. Then you have the ultimate challenge. Its a game I finished with the feeling of a well done job. I made it. And it was amazing. I totally recommend for anyone who likes challenges. And if you think its still too easy, try New Game + and, like me, prove your worth!"
76561198177689849,Recommended,250760,27972701,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PoloBaquerizoH,This game is so special.
,Recommended,250760,10861421,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Gekko,"Greatest Megaman Since 2, arguably better."
,Recommended,250760,11605693,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,dannyleroux101,"If you're older than 25, this game will remind you of your youth... Amazing game, really fun and really hard like those games of the SNES era!!! You need to pick this one up!!!"
76561198092361093,Recommended,250760,18228383,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Agent Scootyboots (SMee),"Good Lord, this is one of the best games I've ever played. Lots of action and plot, and this game also comes with little bits of humor caked in with everything. Even if you don't like side scrollers, you will still love this game."
,Recommended,250760,11299314,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Finger my Fursona,"15/10 game. Excelent soundtrack, 8-bit feel, A+ story, smooth gameplay. 0 flaws. Buy this game now, I really Dig it."
,Recommended,250760,11325630,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,madsen,"This is not your average shovel-ware retro indie game. (You heard me.) I bought it this evening and immediately put 3.5 hours into it simply because I couldn't put it down. I'm a huge fan of classic Mega Man, and this is on the same level except much less mash-heavy which is definitely a plus and with some RPG-elements added. Basically it's a classic melee/precision platformer with plenty of interesting and novel mechanics as well as loads of humor. Also checkpoints a-plenty throughout the levels which helps if you're impatient and/or maybe not too experienced with platformers. I wouldn't call it unforgiving --- not at all --- but it certainly expects you to actually put an effort into beating it. ('It' = the game. Yeah, I know what you were thinking.)The game rarely (if ever) kills you in cheap ways --- you're pretty much always the one to blame which is also why, if you're easily frustrated by challenging platforming, you'll probably want to skip this game. However, if you dig great platforming experiences, hilarious puns, and the sweet sweet taste of victory when killing bosses, then you'll love this."
76561198006937158,Recommended,250760,11320589,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Barf,"When I first saw this game I thought it was going to be so good, but unfortunately...it was way better than I thought it was going to be and I pooped into my pants. Shovel Knight was amazazazing but I dont recommend it iif you dont want to poop your pants. On a scale of 1-5 its a yeah."
76561198058817637,Recommended,250760,10855573,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Pumpo,Many games claim to be a retro platformer but this one is probably the only one this year that got it right you will die alot but it has an equal amount of reward and fairnes and a good thing for me is i had a reason to collect gold because you actualy need it but in most games its just something for score whitch i dont care that much about but i give this game 9/10 just because of the lenght for 15 dollars its a little short i think it took me 6 hours straight to complete it it will depend on your skill level though but its awasome buy it now ya ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,250760,10861265,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Phorealz,awesome game. awesome soundtrack. awesome boss fight. classic platformer! i love it! 10/10
,Recommended,250760,24222079,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,cdf121,Ugh why do my friends keep sending me these games.There just nostalgia bait and don't haveanythinggood or intresting.I give this an Pacman / Pong
,Recommended,250760,32876544,Posted: 27 June,all,julayla18,This is by far the most amazing game series anyone ever has. Everyone should give this game a go.
76561198042512462,Recommended,250760,25045283,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Combat,"It's great, but I have to use cheat codes just to beat the second level.Still, great game with a great sound track and a ok story."
,Recommended,250760,30446037,Posted: 11 March,all,Lenny,Its a gud gem
76561198046232074,Recommended,250760,22848419,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Papi Salty,"Stop questioning yourself, just get it."
76561198206581637,Recommended,250760,22976069,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,SanctusServusDomini,"This game is terrifically fun. For someone growing up playing platformers, this is a retro gamer's dream come true. Great development, challenging, great soundtrack, memorable characters, and simple controls. Shovel Knight does all the right things all the right ways.Also, the developers are adding more ways to play the game at no extra cost to the purchaser. So when you finish all there is to do, the developer could drop an update that allows you to play the whole game as another character and you receive all that no strings attached.Solid purchase. Would make a great gift to anyone new or old to gaming.10/10"
76561198198438511,Recommended,250760,22537822,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,cleatusjr,Zupa Dope
,Recommended,250760,11564361,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Gruntlicious,"Do you like games from the 80's and 90's?! Well then this game is for you... It is challenging, funny, and did I mention RETRO!!! Definitely GOTY 2k14... 20 out of 10!"
76561198068664355,Recommended,250760,19759011,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mister Fist,"Wiggle woggle boggle, oggle boggle woggle"
,Recommended,250760,20105085,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Runnaführer,(For Plague of Shadows)Plague Knight X Mona is the most believable romance in games.10/10
,Recommended,250760,10852999,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mr. Octopicake,Do you love Megaman? Do you want that nostalgic capcom 2D platforming but more improved? This is literally your game.10/10 Would recommend and buy it again. I need more shovels.
,Recommended,250760,22986081,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DifanceR,Bacon
,Recommended,250760,13822044,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Coconut Head,STEEL THY SHOVEL!
,Recommended,250760,13879617,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,damocleas,This game is amazing I have already reccomended all of my friends to play this fun Adventure game!
,Recommended,250760,13926151,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,JokerJay779,I loved this game. Sure there some hard parts that me rage but not enough to quit in fact I was determined to go on. The graphics are great for 8-bit especially with the Parrelex scrolling. This is game also has a nice simple story. Furthermore I think this Indie game deserves to be up there with one of the great ones.
,Recommended,250760,14366761,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Czaros,"In short: This game is awesome. Definietely the best game on PC of 2014Shovel Knight is a modern retro platformer that mixes elements of the finest NES games. The result is... Not only the best platformer of the year, but also one of the best platformers of ALL TIME. The game is as close to perfection as it gets and it might actually be the one the closest to the good old retro games. The graphical style is beautiful, the music is incredibly awesome, the gameplay is perfect where every death is the player's fault and not the game's. The story is simple, just like th NES games, but it works and actually has a lot of fun characters. The level design is great. It uses many familiar elements but makes it more fair.Really, there's nothing negative I can say about this game. A little too short? Not really... It's meant to be like an NES game after all and not to mention that many people were okay with Konami's $30 demo the same year. Not to mention the fact that you'll want to play the game again right when you finish. The game sold pretty well though it seems like the PC version didn't get that much attention which saddens me considering a piece of crap like FNAF got so popular even though... Wait no... I'm not even gonna compare those two...Score: 10/10A true masterpieceBUY IT NOW! Either here or on WiiU/3DS (or on all, like I did)"
,Recommended,250760,13925731,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Zoral 👌,11/10
,Recommended,250760,13776229,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,E Pro!,All the retro-platformy-ghosty-gobliny-megaman-y goodness I expected. Well done Yacht Club...
,Recommended,250760,14671127,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,MyNameIsJames,possible better than the classic nes games! 8/8 no b8 m8
,Recommended,250760,14154533,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Retro One,"You need this game. Shovel Knight is the perfect game with no flaws. It takes all the greatest features from classic games such as Castlevania, Mega Man, Zelda 2: The Adventure of Link, Super Mario Bros. 3, and DuckTales all combined into one. The game is tough but never too hard. It's challenging but forgiving. The game always rewards you after every challenge that crosses you path. Also we must not forget about the soundtrack. Jake Kaufman accels in all audio departments and makes this soundtrack timeless. Yacht Club Games is still adding more to this game makeing it more enjoyable than it already is and with the amount of content that is already in the game, you'll never want to put the controller down. I don't know a single person that hates this game and you owe it to yourself to play it. Buy it, For Shovelry. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,250760,15176931,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,James23432,amazing
76561198058052404,Recommended,250760,10870334,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,weeZLow,the nostalgia from this game i really dig it so shove your funds up and get this burrowed gem and start THE SHOVING!!!!!!
,Recommended,250760,16197063,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,FreshBazuble,"welp i dont really like this game for the pure fact its a platformer game other than that if this was a lady i would treat it to a nice dinner than take her back to my place for champagne only so latter we could shag for a bit and see how far it goes before she makes me love her forever but another thing is, after the update were refunds were established they didnt allow games that you bought 30 days before the update to be refunded honestly if it was you have 1 day to refund all games you bought before this update i would be a much happyer camper. but when i played this game i had the dreaded sense after dying i lose alot of good stuff sort of like with dark souls but i just cant farm it back off some poor little turds i know how to kill which is abit upsetting but other than that9/10 story10/10 characters6/10 on keybord controls honestly if i bought this on xbox i wouldnt be wrighting this review same with buying on playstation because i would be enjoying my self punching kratos like the little ♥♥♥♥♥ he is but honestly i recomend this game (JUST NOT ON PC)"
,Recommended,250760,13445369,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Acric,Shovel Knight.There's your review.10/10
,Recommended,250760,22487506,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hotdog 🐝 Bzzz,"You are a knight with a shovel, also it's the single best retro game in the past few years."
76561198124666706,Recommended,250760,33160472,Posted: 2 July,all,Sir Winion,8/10
,Recommended,250760,21649282,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,sleepy as,"Right so I haven't finished this on PC as of now, but just beat it on my N3DSXL so I thought I'd write a review.Pros:Amazing graphicsOutstanding MusicFun level designFree DLC pack (more to come)Challenges for after you beat the story(stories)Challenging yet charming gameplayCons:The new DLC isn't out yet.Overall amazing 10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,250760,30479393,Posted: 12 March,all,El Muchacho,"Through all the evil of costly DLC, Shovel knight cuts.Through all the greatness a story can have, Shovel knight dig.They spare your money so have some guts.Free extension, the game is big."
,Recommended,250760,23208164,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,I am a girl,"This game's story is really great but i myself am not very good at platformers so not my favorite cup of tea, but it is great for ten dollars if its on sale. otherwise if your really good at platformers buy it as is!"
76561198027584650,Recommended,250760,23504484,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Chodaberry,"This game brings you back into time when Super NES was the thing to do, great game!"
76561198122056043,Recommended,250760,28885252,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,misterfads,good and fun
,Recommended,250760,13730091,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Slayer Jim,People need to stop hating on Capcom and get over the fact that Mega Man is a dead franchise that has peaked and done everything it can. Shovel Knight is the new Mega Man and much better. 11/10 not enough water
,Recommended,250760,31127241,Posted: 13 April,all,beef salsa,"Super fun platformer, greatest soundtrack in a while for me, and really memorable charactersalso thnx for the freelc"
76561198095299241,Recommended,250760,23403415,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Propantus,YOU CAN PLAY AS PLAGE KNIGHT!!!! MOTHE FOWKIN PLAG KNIGHT HELL YES
76561198279416567,Recommended,250760,29809044,Posted: 9 February,all,EffortlessPie,Amazing. Simply astonishing.
,Recommended,250760,29884563,Posted: 12 February,all,Aelix,"So hard!! But oh, so great!"
76561198314984113,Recommended,250760,35076250,Posted: 19 September,all,Mcrgaming,2d tf2 . hecking doggo rates 10/10
,Recommended,250760,35157841,Posted: 23 September,all,sppoopeb,i like plague knight more than the main character because he has more character than the main character and also he gets the girl at the end and shovel knight doesnt because shield knight is a trap and i know it
,Recommended,250760,34312334,Posted: 17 August,all,Booswer,Great game! Great OST! This Games is amazing!
,Recommended,250760,33872638,Posted: 28 July,all,NovaDoesBass,Help Mr Spade bounce on bubblesMr Meeky Birb wants to make people go boom!ShadowMaster wants to be a good guyTHIS GAME IS INCREDIBLE!!!! Cant wait for the next expansion!! 12/10 Best Platformer!YatchClub made a wonderful product! PLAY IT!!!!
,Recommended,250760,13642590,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Wide And Nerdy,"Please play this game. If you ever enjoyed any platformer you ever played on a Nintendo or Super Nintendo, you'll love this one. It takes everything that was learned from those eras and makes the best game it can out of it. Its a mostly lighthearted game light on story as well but the minimal characterization and plot is still very effective.Its like coming home again and finding that home is how you remember it in your fondest recollections. Its like you're having a sleepover with your buddies eating pizza and washing it down with wine playing games all night and somehow its not weird that you're 40. Its like the best of the past of the present."
,Recommended,250760,13680173,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Master Genkai,"You don't have to dig too deep to know that Shovel Knight is one gem worth buying.  The difficulty climbs at a steady pace; you don't have to shovel down too much at once.  Some games bury you in tutorials wereas Shovel Knight's gameplay teaches you as you go.  Music is the next item I'll unearth- 'Strike the Earth' was absolutely ground breaking for me.  If you're looking for a great soundtrack, Shovel Knight's got it in spades.  ♠♠♠Don't wait til it's dirt cheap- support the devs!  There's no doubt you'll dig it for knights to come.  10/10"
,Recommended,250760,17270722,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,eNut_ButteR,"Whenever you're feeling inundated by the ocean of mediocre indie games, you can look to Shovel Knight as a shining example of a fun, superbly-made game by fantastic developers.Shovel Knight takes the absolute best parts of the 8-bit gaming age (and amazingly, none of the bad) and combines them seamlessly together."
76561198095792438,Recommended,250760,11092165,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Drageru!,stand a women holding to buckets of water physical abuse 10/10
76561198128484647,Recommended,250760,30306026,Posted: 3 March,all,Nutmeg,11/10 IGN would vote again. great game though I play it a lotbuy it... or I will find you
76561197993869948,Recommended,250760,11063156,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Superscope,"I would like to get some things clear before i give the game my recommendation:- So many pitfalls near the end of the game. (2 of the knights use spikes or pitfalls to kill you with, personally very cheap way of killing you).- Not very challenging considering you have infinite lives (you just lose money, and there are not enough upgrades or enough costly ones to make it painful enough). However the checkpoint system they use is rather interesting and can add a layer of challenge that the game kinda lacks.- Some of the relics in the game are overpowered compared to the others (Phase locket can be spammed for invunability and the propeller dagger can rip most bosses apart in seconds)Despite what i said before, shovel knight is a very solid game with so much charm that you will need a shovel to dig though."
76561197978307538,Recommended,250760,11061110,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,EyeGem,Superb. Nostalgic. Challenging.Feels just right in every touch and detail.
76561197992895337,Recommended,250760,11090066,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,4ts|DaSplinta,I can dig it! :)
76561198119695151,Recommended,250760,11135457,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Geek,I love this game!!!
76561198065112310,Recommended,250760,11153207,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Concerned Knight,This is one of those games you want to DIG up for a rainy day I realy DIG this game I SHOVELED hours into it So buy it now before it gets BURIED.............................. its a game about digging okay
,Recommended,250760,11080943,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,luoyianwu,"Best platform action game in 2014.Very megaman, such castlevania, so mario. wow."
76561198078572371,Recommended,250760,13842012,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Luftballons,"If you like platformers, get Shovel Knight.If you don't like platformers get it anyway."
76561198073279714,Recommended,250760,11494908,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ReeQweek,This game brings me back to the super mario age. its great 10/10 would recomend.
76561198049089081,Recommended,250760,13993811,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,crunchywilliam,Hecka ton of fun.
,Recommended,250760,11621982,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Ju9OR,"An absolutely great platformer, possibly the greatest."
,Recommended,250760,11624143,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,faıls unlımıted,"This Game Is Great, It Has The Megaman X Feel & I Think I'm In Love :'D...I Highly Recommend (Especialy With An SNES Control)"
,Recommended,250760,11633252,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,The Poon,"If you grew up with the SNES or Sega Genesis you're going to love this modern throwback to the 16-Bit era. The gameplay is a lot like Super Mario meets Mega Man, with an original and enjoyable soundtrack, a healthy dose of comedy and a whole lot of action, this game will keep you on the edge of your seat. It's a bit of a challenge, and you'll probably die quite a bit but it's a great reminder that games don't need to be easy to be fun. However If you grew up with 3D graphics and that's all you want in a video game, this game is not for you....... (also ♥♥♥♥ you)"
76561198071631538,Recommended,250760,11681122,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,HaterzLuvMee,"a great game, really tough and just the type of rpg game i was looking for when i was bored. i can not say anything bad about this game! its amazing!"
,Recommended,250760,11544532,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,R[K]V,shovel pun
76561198010122228,Recommended,250760,11800891,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,EinhornisFinkel,"Awesome throwback game. Simple, fun, and well made."
,Recommended,250760,11801197,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,booyah_mcdick,"Freaking awesome platformer. Heard the hype and initially thought it was bs. But after playing this game, I am astounded at just how awesome it is. Must Buy"
76561198042405455,Recommended,250760,11801434,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Dastal,"Anyone that used to love the megaman x games will love this game, it handles great, and is amazingly fun. Add in a great sound track and messed up humor and we have a winner!"
76561197981569180,Recommended,250760,11813861,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,SpankingMonkey,This game is a mix of old school mega man and zelda. a must buy
,Recommended,250760,11042656,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The Juicer,"I’d recommend getting shovel knight, I think it’s well worth the 15 dollars as of now. Not to mention the possible sales in the future.The normal campaign (If you are not going to collect everything) is gonna take you about 4—6.5 hours. If you want to go for a high-score, or a collect-a-thon 100% that’d probably take you about 8+. There’s also new game+, and tons of secrets to find.Game play’s solid, and is a mix of Duck Tales and Mega Man, but slightly faster-paced.The pixel art is great, with a nice amount of detail put into it.And the music is eargasming amazing!"
76561198017210202,Recommended,250760,10896255,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Aspoonybard,"Everything about this this game is fantastic! Controls, level design, upgrades, bosses, music, graphics, difficulty, it's all finely crafted and feels super good! 12/10"
,Recommended,250760,11203359,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Kerboodle,Buy this game.
,Recommended,250760,10849342,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Volphy,"This game is hard, wonderful, frustrating, funny, hair wrenching and smooth as butter.Great game, Don't pass it up."
76561198060861097,Recommended,250760,11374914,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Seatbelts and Spoonerisms,This game is awesome :D
,Recommended,250760,11388750,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,↑ steeZ ↑,so gud
76561197970646887,Recommended,250760,11093157,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rubén,"This is an incredible ""classic 8-bit"" game. It has not only the graphics, but more important, the spirit of the old-school games, which permeates the whole title. It's worth every euro I spent. Thank you so much to the creators for having developed this!!"
,Recommended,250760,10852574,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TooBritishToQuitish,"I really dig Shovel Knight.Tight controls, sweet music, clean graphics.The best parts of Megaman, DuckTales, Castlevania, and Super Mario are found within. The subweapons are neat and all have uses. Shovel Knight moves smoothly and responds quickly.The game is tricky at times, but no less than a classic Megaman. Clever use of shovel-pogo is required in many stages, often combined with the subweapons. It leaves you feeling victorious.It even comes with an NG+ mode.Nab it. It's cheap and cheerful and a loveletter to the games of yesteryear."
,Recommended,250760,10984915,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dedede Megami Tensei: Drum dash,A guy attacked me because he wanted my hatTF2/10 good game
76561198085975245,Recommended,250760,12212257,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Flanye West,Very very fun and magestic
,Recommended,250760,17404981,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SplittingComet,Nostalgia.
,Recommended,250760,20528822,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,rock,"If you like the classic gameplay from games like Castlevania or Mega Man, this game is for you. The game is a bit on the short side but with NewGame+ and the Plague Knight free DLC, there's plenty to keep you busy. Excellent game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,250760,17623892,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Matto is a Skeleton,"It's like if Megaman, Duck Tales, a shovel, and an NES got together, f***ed, and had this beautiful piece of artwork as it's love child"
,Recommended,250760,13692998,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ash,I would only recommend this to a hardcore MLG platform gamer.
,Recommended,250760,28927278,Posted: 1 January,all,Kurbeee,this game dope b
,Recommended,250760,10909239,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,:D Rando,:'D
,Recommended,250760,12662752,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Brendan,A game about doing yard work with people's skulls. 10/10
,Recommended,250760,11488643,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,hallo guise,"This is one of the best platformers I have ever played. The 8 bit style is so good, the menu is pretty hard to navagate. Don't throw in the trowel on this game! 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,10903929,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,gord,"it is really good, really really good."
,Recommended,250760,15300351,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dress Coded,"This Game litterally makes me want to kill myself, wanna commit suicide, buy this game. Mkey?:3 <3"
76561198029184091,Recommended,250760,17771300,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Sir Killall Murderdeath,Its great
,Recommended,250760,16849671,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ʇʇɐW,brilliant oldschool retro game.
,Recommended,250760,11104298,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Crème fraîche,"If I had to describe this game in one word, that word would be nostalgia. Flawless gameplay, great 8bit graphics, challenging but not unforgiving. Haven't seen a platform gem like this since Rogue Legends, and although it's not as fresh and original as R.L, It definately brings back many memories of megaman and other like it, I hope to see more of this IP in the future.I'll give it a solid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,250760,17462048,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Toast Ghost,"the game can be very challenging, but it feels very classic so a great game overall"
,Recommended,250760,15024231,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,toggletato,"This game has a great story, amazing gameplay. Definatly would recommend to any one. Has one of the best soundtracks i have heard"
,Recommended,250760,13828406,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kenny,One of the best platformers i have ever played
76561198145298733,Recommended,250760,14914117,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,HangDong,We need more games like Shovel Knight
,Recommended,250760,14775782,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Scum Fuckker,It's a very good game! I like the way the impliment retro 8-bit graphics with modern platforming gameplay. The game is not too easy and not too hard. I also like the way on how the shovel is used. My only complaint is if this game was longer.
76561198102259012,Recommended,250760,15407411,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Justinc228,"In my opinion Shovel Knight is a very good game, It looks, feels, and plays like old school Megaman, Kid Icarus, Mario, and Metroid games but has just enough difficulty to it to make it a fun challenge. I recommend this to any fan of platformer games. I rate 11/10"
,Recommended,250760,11225193,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,peace,"I have found that Shovel Knight can aspire to be a 2D Dark Souls. It contains such mechanics as losing a form of currency as you die, and also a nice amount of gamplay. As well as he fact that there is a NG+ once you beat it for the first time. The game is a fun, happy, and charming feel to it. All in all I give it a 10/10 rating. Thank you Yacht Club Games for this great game and I hope for your future games have the same genuine feel to them like Shovel Knight did."
,Recommended,250760,11272787,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Boomy,"Awesome game! :D A very charming, 8bit-like,  genuine game. Highly recommend this game for all ages and all people who wants a game with decent story and a challenge.You could say it's a little bit like Mario (nes/snes) and Mega Man (nes/snes)but it's original and feels well made. The protaganist Shovel Knight feels awesome and heroic to play as and I would really enjoy more Shovle Knight games!"
76561197986130752,Recommended,250760,15603792,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Common Faults,IZ KICKASS
,Recommended,250760,15605017,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,NSman,This is one of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,250760,14419559,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Happy Cat,"You're a knight with a Shovel. If that ain't original, Idk what is, Homefry."
,Recommended,250760,14185775,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Master Udon,Well my my its seems you are looking at reveiws of this game and NOT buying it which is the biggest mistake youve ever made soo bye nowbut srsly i r8 8/8 m8
,Recommended,250760,17856112,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cazopidock,Saying this game is good is an understatement this game is a great in all the ways. It's hard but no impossible so you are chalanged but not to a point of frustration so when you acomplish anything it fells rewarding. The music is amazing the graphics are great retro but still modern and the level desighn should be an example to others. I can't wait to see what game they make next SHovel Knight or not. 10/10
,Recommended,250760,13991590,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Enri-K,Great game
,Recommended,250760,19058965,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,BigBroFrik,fun and intresting.
,Recommended,250760,11915318,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Chryie,"I wouldn't mind saying the pro's and con's of Shovel Knight but the only thing I rather say is if anyone who played the old school platformers will have a great time enjoying Shovel Knight. It has some parts from the original Mega Man and Ducktales. Taking a few things from it to bring out a pretty good game such a Shovel Knight is definitely worth checking out. Such as the music. From the title screen to the end game screen had some memorable music pieces. Even some tracks needs a little time to get a few plays before judging and considering to be a memorable track. As of what I know overall the music is great. The mechanics and controls are great as well including the story. From me it was something of what old school gaming once had and that is a good or bad story. If it doesn't catch your attention for its story, music, or its sense of nostalgia then maybe it should be worth checking out when the weekend rolls on by for a short gaming session."
,Recommended,250760,11930030,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,PurpleReign81,"I love this game - it is a perfect blend of retro gaming, blissful controls and awesome soundtrack :) Shovel Knight rocks and has a nice heartfelt story that unfolds as you progress in the game."
,Recommended,250760,11562488,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Huskerr,"A mix of Mega Man and Castlevania, an amazing job on the music and a colour pallet that is based on the NES...This is a brilliant game, a blast from the past and what feels like a next gen 8 bit platformer.10/10 Must Buy!"
,Recommended,250760,11069900,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,i have a gambling problem,The game is crazy ♥♥♥♥ing good. 11/10
,Recommended,250760,11895866,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Livid Light,"Fantastic Story and the gameplay to match! The music by Jake ""Virt"" Kaufman and Manami Matsumae bring this game to life and you will find yourself humming along to every song. Best £11 I have spent in a long time :D"
,Recommended,250760,11917899,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Bourgeoisie Scum,Duck Tales meets Castlevania Meets Megaman meets Super Mario World. Perfect for anyone who loves the classics. The game was made with the limitations of the SNES in mind. I love every second of it.
,Recommended,250760,14450966,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Petri,Honesttly can say that this is my favourite game to date.
,Recommended,250760,11874250,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,OOT! SHOOT!,Basically Zelda 2 + Mega Man but with knights instead of Robot Masters and music by none other than Jake KaufmanPretty much the best you could ever ask for
,Recommended,250760,15175911,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mediburd,"All I can really say is this game is amzing, its like Megaman and Zelda II had a child  (and that child gets harassed by a very short angry plague doctor and other things as such.)"
,Recommended,250760,18556148,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,crawfish,"3 Parts to an Epic GamePart 1: DigPart 2: DigPart 3: DigWash, rinse, repeat.10/10 please tell me the amiibo was not a joke."
,Recommended,250760,19111128,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Left-Handed_Lovecraft,And we all thought Shovelry was dead...
,Recommended,250760,19136999,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Aerial Aces | WaldenMC,Great game 10/10!
,Recommended,250760,20566407,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hobbes,Great Game so far. Really enjoying the old mario theme!
76561198079396979,Recommended,250760,17527709,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Praise the Sun!!!,"Ok so this game is actuallly amazing when it doesn't delete your save file. The music, the sprites, the graphics, the combat, this game is oozing NES without all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Every thing is so finely tuned and so perfect. This is a marvel of game design. If you liked any NES platformer ever pick up this game and play it now.10/10 would get rekt by Polar Knight again"
,Recommended,250760,24036467,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,🅱onk 🅱oi,"I haven't played it and I've had it for 2 months (probably more when you see this. I don't plan on playing it, but my friend has my library and he enjoyed it so it's good I guess. The 45 minutes I've played? I was on the  main menu."
,Recommended,250760,23492126,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,UnidentifiedLaserBeamCat,"Brings back all of our favorite old game references. Hidden chicken from Castlevania, the feel of the game, the spikes from Megaman that are a one hit kill... haha. hahahahahahaha. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!This game is neat!"
,Recommended,250760,28826061,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wigzby,"A fantastic homage to all the great SNES platformers. I immediately noticed inspiration from Rocket Knight, Super Mario 3, and Megaman and that had me smiling like I was a kid again. While taking inspiration from those games, it also stands on its own as a fun adventure to rescue the love of your life, Shield Knight! Overall, I'd give this game an 8/10.As an added bonus Shovel Knight includes a second campaign after you finish the first one, with plans for two more to come out in the future, free of charge! Excellent value."
,Recommended,250760,28875262,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,shadowboof90,"Fan of megaman fan of Ducktales scratch that are you a fan of old school platforms with amazing music? then my fellow chums look no further as this is the game for you. Shovel Knight really brings back that nostalgic feel, the levels are fun and challenging and again the music for each different level is really top notch, also the main hero is a knight with a shovel i mean come on that sells it for me :D but yeah all in all a great game, get it now folks it is on sale till the 2nd of Janruary so now is the perfect time to get it but i would have happily paid full price for such a great game."
76561197983897609,Recommended,250760,28907029,Posted: 1 January,all,Gravity,The best Mega Man game I've played in ages.
76561198172613971,Recommended,250760,16853292,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,smurf chadd,SUPER GOOD GAME
,Recommended,250760,11922663,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,♡ Cuddlejoy ♡,"A great retro experience, taking some of the best elements of games we loved as kids and creating a challenging and fun new series. Looking forward to the gender DLC and the sequel!"
,Recommended,250760,11926577,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,M9RFZZY,"This game is amazing. It is definatly a must play and worth the full price tag. Very rarely will I ever recomend a game off of a sale, this is one of the few exceptions and is worth every penny. Tight controls, wonderful characters, and a surprisingly well told story. I had alot of fun. This is a retro throwback done right, and it will now be the game i compare other 2d games to.  Cannot recommend it more highly then that. 10/10."
,Recommended,250760,11940428,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Downtown Drunk,"This game is a homage to the 8-bit Capcom games. If you loved Duck Tails and Megaman, this game is for you."
,Recommended,250760,11474188,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Aloron,I'm bad at games so this took a while to beat
,Recommended,250760,11010394,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dotticus,It has Zubaz.10/10 GOTYAY.
76561198071589225,Recommended,250760,11926533,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,DaniPhantom,Like being a squire in the olden days but with a shovel and you kick butt!
,Recommended,250760,11931215,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,galifm,"AMAZING GAME!!! TREMENDOUSLY FUN TO PLAY AND THE FEATS AND NEW GAME + ARE CHALLENGING YET FUN AS WELL. REPLAY VALUE IS SUPER HIGH, THE STORY AND THE CHARACTERS REALLY MAKE YOU ENJOY THE GAME EVEN MORE. A GAME WITH A NOSTALGIC FEEL, BACK TO THE GOOD OL' DAYS OF THE 8-BIT AND 16-BIT ERAS, MINUS THE CHEAP CONTROLLER. BUY IT! YOU CERTAINLY WILL NOT REGRET IT!!!"
76561198088415097,Recommended,250760,12203086,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,EvilDead2Rules,"I know we're all tired of indie platformers but this one's actually good, buy it."
76561198021583704,Recommended,250760,11954243,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,DogRocket23,So far my favorite game of 2014.  It's retro-NES gaming at it's best with an incredible soundtrack and just challenging enough achievements to give the game some replay value and enjoy revisitation.
,Recommended,250760,13796389,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RedSquadron,"For Shovelry! etc etc. 2000/10 will platform again. Great level design, music, aesthetic, tight controls. You guys should play this game."
,Recommended,250760,15286041,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Super Viola Bro.,"I came into this game expecting a well-thought out and overall great game. However, I did not get what I was expecting. What I got was one of the best games of this decade, and possibly one of the best platformers of all time. Guys, I am serious. This game is worth $15. It is strange when you pay $60 for a game and get 4-6 hours out of it, when you can get a fantastic indie title that'll give you 20 hours for $15. I seriously reccomend this game. Get it. Now. Or when you have the money. Or even if it is on sale. Rant thing= over."
,Recommended,250760,11123002,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,I Hanjo,"One of the best games i've played in a while. Tons of secrets, tough bosses (not too tough when you learn their patterns), and fun gameplay. If you have 15 dollars and are wondering what you buy then pick this game up."
76561198119835390,Recommended,250760,11868326,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,ninjedi,"I have gotten many other games before Shovel Knight, but this is the most fun I've ever had since TF2."
,Recommended,250760,11932548,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,RockTobias,"- A realy awesome game it combines Megman,Zelda, and Ducktales.Defeat bosses,Save you're love, and lots of humor, don't forget about Zubaz!!! 10/10 :D"
,Recommended,250760,11938668,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mind Flayer,"Very good game, good art direction, had great gameplay, cool upgrades, cool bosses, (spectre knight comes to mind) I'd suggest this to anyone who likes music."
,Recommended,250760,11885438,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,"Nito, First of the Dank",Oh look another indy-retro platformer.
76561198072214030,Recommended,250760,11899498,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,bl00dpuke,Fantastic platformer with tight controls and amazing visuals. The old school look is very nostolgic. Must buy.
,Recommended,250760,10870278,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kaze Enigma,Epic Game. Fans of Megaman and duck tales for nes need to play this
76561198096000303,Recommended,250760,11566666,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,egglegg,this game is amazing! It's certainly hard but not rediculously so. It's rewarding when you finish a level and actually feels like you've done something!the music as awesome as well and the character designs are fantastic.also there's enough puns in this game to kill a man10/10
76561198091863311,Recommended,250760,28854451,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheFoolessFool,it fun
76561198354166521,Recommended,250760,28724257,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,@Drag0nHunt3r@,The Good:+Basic yet still interesting story+The combat sistem is also basic yet refined and responsive+Killer soundtrack+Amazing boss battles+Enemy varietyThe Bad:-The only weakness of the game is that its too short (Cant think of any other bad things about the game)
76561198079351102,Recommended,250760,28817458,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ThePastyProtestant,"Shovel Knight is a 2-D platforming game, with simple graphics that pay tribute to the 8-bit era. The basic premise is that you play as a knight called 'Shovel Knight' who, unsurprisingly, wields a shovel in combat. All the while you are trying to reach your partner/love shield knight who is trapped in 'The Tower of Fate', but you must go through many enemies and bosses before you reach her. Obviously the plot isn't what makes this game stand out.Shovel Knight plays like a mixture between Metroid and Castlevania, and it is an absolute thrill to play for several reasons. First of all, for me personally, I loved the game for its retro style of gameplay and artwork. The layout of the levels are flavored with great variety, with each level being meticulously designed so that every inch of each level could possibly harbor a secret, and an enemy. The boss battles stand out from that of most games in that they have complex patterns that the player must remember. This makes them challenging, rewarding, and very fun.Gameplay in Shovel Knight is matched only by its incredible soundtrack. Once again, the soundtrack is chip-tune to fit the style of the artwork and gameplay. The soundtrack is just as artistically endeavored as the artwork of the game; every track is very fun to listen to.It's obvious why I recommend this game, because it's pure awesome. Buy it as soon as you can, because if you are a fan of platforming games and '80's nostalgia, you'll definitely want to experience the fun that Shovel Knight has to offer."
76561198057955426,Recommended,250760,18968440,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hackzorer,"Very fun retro-style game reminiscent of Mega Man. You start with a basic attack, melee, and as you progress you get power ups based off of the different bosses you fight. In this game, however, most power ups are utility rather than damage.The game is very easy to get addicted to, but it's also REALLY easy to rage due to NES levels of difficulty. Be prepared to have a backup controller just in case the first is embedded into your bedroom wall. Not that all the levels are hard, but a lot of the bosses take a few deaths to memorize their moves and certain stages/basic enemies have gimmicks to them that are easy to forget when you are focusing everything you have into breaking your controller.All of the characters in this game are funny, and likable. There's a reference to the Super Best Friend's owned character, Zubaz, in the form of Baz, a wannabe knight.On top of the rage and laughter that you can get from the game, there are also ""Catch Her"" segments which are more serious and have a sad tone. They feel like a Super Mario World ""Catch the Key"" segment but with a better explanation.I hope you enjoy this game as much as I did, but with less expletives and more laughing."
,Recommended,250760,20213381,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,synVegas,"One of the best indie games I've played so far!The gameplay is prefect. The graphics are nostalgic and polished. The soundtrack is memorable and beautiful. The story is fun and it'll make you smile sometimes.After the story mode you can collect all upgrades, all song sheets, all cipher coins and make fun loadouts for Plague Knight (for example).If you want a retro yet amazing experience, buy this game RIGHT NOW!10/10 would dance with Mona again"
76561198067543647,Recommended,250760,24035776,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,sirthugsalot1,"I was scepticle at first, I thought this game was over hyped because of nostalgia, but this game is amazing. The story is classic knight in shining armor type  and the gameplay is great. Recommend to anyone who loves the classic mario/megaman style look and gameplay."
,Recommended,250760,19887197,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Cub3ulr,"This game isn't just hard.It's Nintendo hard.NINTENDO HARD.RUN.RUN, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, RUN.gr8 jorb yacht club 10/10 would buy cheaper no amiibo version again"
,Recommended,250760,28586228,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✪ LogyIsaac,Love this
,Recommended,250760,11987628,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Bees?,"This brings classic flavors from arcade classics like Mega Man, and Castlevania and stirs them together into a tasty gumbo. 10 out of 10, would eat."
,Recommended,250760,31470513,Posted: 30 April,all,Krispy Krisps,is rly gud.
76561198084748865,Recommended,250760,15048765,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,EpicSerpents,Man wearing a cape called me eccentric. 10/10 would get pwned again
76561198110022227,Recommended,250760,29261874,Posted: 14 January,all,parkoliv417,"TL;DR - Love the game. If you like platformers and shovels, go buy.I've only played for 36 minutes at the time of this review, but from the 5 minute mark I was already in love with the game.Can I just say how beautiful the world is? The pixel style is so retro, and it reminds me of Super Mario World on the SNES. I've never played Super Mario World, but I have seen it's graphics and in my opinion Shovel Knight's are similar. It even has this cute little opening story about Shovel Knight and Shield Knight, which is honestly just adorable.The gameplay reminds me of Mario games, as I've played Mario ever since I was about 7. ( That's almost 6 years. ) It's a platformer game. I especially enjoy the ability to use the shovel to jump on enemies heads and bounce, or on bubbles to let you get to different areas in the game. Besides that, I love the shovel in general. I don't think I've seen any other game that uses a shovel as the main protagonist weapon... Ever.. Swords, bows, guns, magic... And now shovels! I can definitively say I've always been a platformer game perfectionist, which this game encourages. It has secret passageways  that you can get to with your shovel, to play games and get songs and earn achievements. Trust me, I'm aiming to get all the gold in the world by the end of this. I WILL LEAVE NO PILE UN-DUG!This game is already adorable, and I bet it just gets better later."
,Recommended,250760,29236273,Posted: 13 January,all,null,"Great game, that's all there is to say."
76561198288217744,Recommended,250760,29256534,Posted: 14 January,all,the_god _of _HA,awssome
,Recommended,250760,29262829,Posted: 14 January,all,DOOD,"A fantastic game that I recommend to anyone interested in platformers. Feels like a mega man throw back right off the bat, but evolves into a completely unique experience with upgrades and a completely free second campaign. Buy it."
76561198018612655,Recommended,250760,29265920,Posted: 14 January,all,Scientist Man,"AAA devs, take ♥♥♥♥ing note. This is the golden standard of how any game developer should act."
76561198070172274,Recommended,250760,29240444,Posted: 13 January,all,Buffalo_Shaman,If you like Mega Man get this instead of Mighty Number 9.....♥♥♥♥ that game.....
76561198011485945,Recommended,250760,29251965,Posted: 14 January,all,Andefichal,A beautiful love letter to old school platfomereers.
76561198157137722,Recommended,250760,29140824,Posted: 9 January,all,KingUrameshi,"This is.... SHOVEL KINGHT!!!!Great game with great devs. Still updating after all this time with new scenarios to play. This game should be a full price AAA title once all (or half) of the scenarios are released. Shovel knights scenario is what you come for and is a perfect 2D action platformer albeit a short. Plague knights scenario is a completely different play style (which I didn't really enjoy) but adds alot of variety to the game.Very, very good dialogue for all scenarios and loveable characters make this one of the best games to have recently come out. Controls are tight and responsive (plague knight controls get a bit cumbersome) and lend themselves to the game. Challenge is all around and can be dictated by the player by putting certain restrictions on themselves if they want.ALL indie developers are just riding the coat tales of Yacht Club and it's they who we should thank for making indie games a thing today. Excellent game and absolute classic, if it had come out on the NES back in the day it would be a household name along side Megaman."
,Recommended,250760,18015127,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Runeo The Latias,"Honestly, still one of the best games of it's genre out there. Every campaign is unique in it's own way, but still with the same general concept. Beat the levels, collect the things. My only complaint is that it's sucked up so much of my time!"
76561198088371307,Recommended,250760,12012916,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Swimfan,"After so much praise surrounding the game I finally decided to try Shovel Knight for myself and daaaaaamn, does this game rock. You need to be sure that old 8-bit gameplay is your type of tea - otherwise you'll be pretty dissapointed. If you do like old classics I can't recommend this game enough. The soundtrack is just superb, the level design is absolutly fantastic and every detail shows how much care and love the creators put inside Shovel Knight. Seldom have I seen bosses that not only show taste for design but also represent a fair challenge without being overpowered. I'm also happy to announce that the path you can take becomes more and more open and that there are really interesting bonus stages that reward you with extra cash. Buy if you think oldschool Mega Man and/or Castlevania is your thing you need to play this - but don't make the mistake to expect are mere copy of those series greatest ideas: Shovel Knight pays tribute to those game while being fresh and feeling like something special."
76561198065770501,Recommended,250760,31909972,Posted: 22 May,all,Goose,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198114159619,Recommended,250760,29027747,Posted: 4 January,all,Pyro of Hyrule,Impossible? no. Challenging and rewarding in itself to master? Yes.
,Recommended,250760,15614490,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Gizbramz4952,"A great game and a great concept, if only I had the time to play it."
,Recommended,250760,22716834,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,FinnMcWinkle,Mega Man rip off
,Recommended,250760,12222075,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Beardbeard the Unconquered Gamer,"The best game I have ever played in twenty years of computer gaming, bar none (and I have played a LOT of games). Eight years on I can still recall how profoundly that game gripped me, and I am not an overly emotional person. You will care about the characters, you will be moved, you will make choices that tell you more about yourself. It sounds trite, I know, but it really is that good. If only someone would make more of these...insightful, intelligent, devastatingly creative. Fallout is the only RPG to come close. A word of warning: You MUST read all the text, explore all the dialogue options, if you are to gain the most from the game. A decent intelligence and wisdom score is recommended.....although so is a decent score in everything else....the game does the best job of making usually superflous statistics genuinely useful that I have ever seen. Still very much worth playing."
,Recommended,250760,11142360,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,GIGACREAM,Think of it as Dark Souls with a shovel
,Recommended,250760,23979841,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Civalice,Got a goosebump on final boss fight.Perfect music.Perfect combination.Perfect control.Perfect mechanic.Perfect Aesthetic.100/100Will wait for next master piece from this team again.
,Recommended,250760,18582213,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,A Wild Gnome Child,"This is one of the best platformers on Steam right now. I definetly recommend this game to anyone who likes fun platofrming action. Good for any skill level. Also, if you beat Shovel Knight, you get Plague Knight's campaign (Plague of Shadows) for free! And soon, they will be making a Specter Knight campaign and a King Knight campaingn. And don't forget, sharpen thy shovel, and keep digging!"
76561198055388590,Recommended,250760,32498615,Posted: 17 June,all,Hydale,"Gameplay - 7Content - 7Controls - 8Graphics - 6Music - 8Story - 7Overall - 7/10Each character has their own perspective on the main story, and different challenges"
,Recommended,250760,31509589,Posted: 2 May,all,ginny,I love this game. It's incredible.
,Recommended,250760,14911647,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MS360,"Go buy it.That's it.If you catch this game at 60$, who cares? BUY ITIt must be one of the few modern games that captures the charm and passion of playing a videogame.JUST BUY IT!"
76561198016721804,Recommended,250760,13747377,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Green King,Dark Souls for broke people.
,Recommended,250760,25235288,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sludge Bandicoot,good shovel good knight good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198007499144,Recommended,250760,25895155,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,willowsden,"While a fun, retro style romp on your first or second playthrough, there isn't a lot of replayability with this one you get with other old school side scrollers like Mega Man or Mario. Plague Knights campaign adds extra challenge...by doing away with the responsive and intuitive controls. If you are new, get it. Just don't expect to be playing this 18 months from now."
76561198106498109,Recommended,250760,16763460,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The G.O.A.T,"A perfect throwback to the days of the classicsI just want to get out there that this game takes elements from mega man, duck tales, and super mario bros 3.  adds in some original stuff, bundles it together, and the product is shovel knight, the best indie game i've played in a long time.  The game was created by yacht club games, a group of former wayforward employees. Never heard of them? neither have I. I mean, they're an indie developer. let's get into the review.Story: Prior to the game, adventurers Shovel Knight and Shield Knight journeyed across the world alongside one another, but while exploring the Tower of Fate, a cursed amulet takes over Shield Knight and leaves Shovel Knight outside of the sealed tower. Grieving for his beloved, Shovel Knight gives up adventuring and goes into self-imposed exile. During his absence, the Enchantress rises to power, spreading evil across the land. Upon hearing that the Enchantress has unsealed the Tower of Fate, Shovel Knight begins his journey back to it, hoping to find and rescue Shield Knight. In order to do so, Shovel Knight must fight the members of ""The Order of No Quarter,"" who have been dispatched by the Enchantress to impede him. Now, it's not directly stated in the game, but just about anyone can infer that shovel knight and shield knight really shared something special. i give the story a 5/5. A little simple, but it's entertaining enough. (& no spoilers for the ending.)gameplay- shovel knight allows you to control the blue bombe- i mean shoveler through a variety of hubs and stages scattered throught the order of no quarter. Each stage you complte hhas you face off against a knight of the order of no quarter. the eight knights are- king knight, specter knight, treasure knight, plague knight(who could forget his bendy straw) mole knight, polar knight, propeller knight, and tinker knight. There is also black knight, but he serves as shovel knights rival. Now, your main weapon is a shovel, but you can by relics and shovel upgrades to make yourself even more badassand to smooth out the ride. relics require magic, and you can increase your magic limit as well as your health. The gameplay definently reminds me of mega man's and the world map is practically ripped from super mario bros 3, with a hint of ducktales' fighting mechanics. though stiff controls can make platforming a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes. 4/5graphics- perfect classic interface. Character sprites and the environments in which they inhabit really stand out. 5/5.music- pure sex to my ears. 5/5.controls. shovel knight controls like a dream, though he can feel stiff at times, as metioned earlier. Best played with a controller, the keyboard controlls feel weird. 4/4All in all, i give the game a 4.5/5, it's pretty damn good.It's not just on steam, also. it's on wii u, 3ds, ps3, ps4, and xbox one for the same price!sequel????"
,Recommended,250760,33009278,Posted: 29 June,all,GodChurchGaming69,"God damn did I love this game orignally on 3DS, but now even more? Hell yes!"
,Recommended,250760,31532746,Posted: 3 May,all,Eurzona hellcase.com,"This game is a handful of fun, challenging, frustrating, exciting, and satisfying. This game has so much to offer to the consumer of the gaming industry of today. With a medieval-like theme, older gaming theme, and time-to-time witty satire/comedic remarks, this game has a great atmosphere for a player to enjoy and addict themselves to the game. But about the game itself is a whole other story of much I enjoyed this game. The bosses, the levels, the power-ups, the way to customize how your character ♥♥♥♥s with enemies (Plague Knight), is just astounding to me. The game doesn't have any difficulty changing, which makes it much easier for a player to enjoy as a whole. The game has it so you can change your characters gender, so no one gets all pissy *cough cough* PCGamer  *cough cough* Polygon *cough cough*. This is just a game all around for all sorts of people, and I respect the developers for creating a game that can be loved by everyone, because many of the lovable types of games just aren't around as much anymore for a reason that shall not be mentioned.All in all, I give this game a rating of 4.75♥♥♥♥♥♥♥drops/5♥♥♥♥♥♥♥drops"
76561198027007978,Recommended,250760,20316700,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Zeitgeist,"Solid game but relies too much on the player falling into pits or spikes for difficulty. Halfway through the game, player HP doesn't matter anymore and you just get instant deaths by falling into said pits or spikes, even the final boss relies on this ""mechanic"". The game copies everything you might remember from the NES or SNES platforming days but does so quite well."
,Recommended,250760,31800870,Posted: 17 May,all,Stonefight,Such a great platformer that gets free content to this day. (Boy am I glad I got it when it was much cheaper)
,Recommended,250760,18202578,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Draco Henri,"So I left a review a while back talking about how AMAZING this game was. Plague Of Shadows free DLC made me have to delete that one (Now Realizing I could have just left an edit...) and create this review just to rerate it. I honestly can't put into words how great the DLC was, because if I did, I wouldn't be able to stop talking about it for a few days so... I leave you with:-Buy This Game Now-Beat The Great Orignal Story-Start Plague Of Shadows-Waste a Few Days Playing Plague Of Shadows Because It's SO Good-Cry Like I Did At The End-Cry Even Harder When You Realize This Is The End Of The DLC For Now...-Can't Rate Because It Was Too Good Of A Game, And Any Rating Would Be Frowned Upon By Lord Gaben (Praise Be Onto Him)"
,Recommended,250760,14178929,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,intox. Tomo,"The King of Kickstarter itself. Shovel Knight is game based off of NES classics like Mega Man and even a pinch of Ducktales.   This game has great platforming, awesome and catchy music, and great replay value for an Indie game. It's easily one of the best games from 2014."
,Recommended,250760,18269187,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,rumski ❤,"It's got multiple shovels in it, on the same screen at once!"
76561198180033302,Recommended,250760,28389289,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Baron Von Bonbon XVIIII,THIS GAME IS THE GREATEST SHOVEL / POTION / (soon to be) GRIM REAPER SIMULATOR OF ALL TIMEPROS:YOUR A KNIGHT WITH A FREAKING SHOVEL.SPECTER KNIGHT IS MY WAIFU FOR LAIFU.SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPIALIDOCIAS SOUNDTRACK.CONS:NONE.WHAT I'M SAYING IS FREAKING BUY IT!!!!420/69
,Recommended,250760,30972988,Posted: 5 April,all,bigmack,"This game is fantastic. Tons of content. If you are a fan on any 2D platforming games, then do yourself a favor and pick this up for yourself. Treat yourself"
76561198325688662,Recommended,250760,28638303,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,StupidPotato,"Fantastic level design,good art direction,and just about everything else you'd want in a platformer.But beware its very difficult."
,Recommended,250760,16686142,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Toggle,"Shovel Knight borrows everything that isn't nailed own from classic titles - returns and, using the blade of that shovel, pries up the nails and takes everything else.Shovel Knight is made up of cherry-picked mechanics and design features of classic titles but the unique blend alongside the amazing artwork, great characters, brilliant soundtrack, and highly entertaining non-ironic story makes Shovel knight transcend from being merely an excellent homage and become a truly fantastic game in it's own right."
76561197997797664,Recommended,250760,11159136,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Bean Burrito,"If you're a platformer junkie that grew up on the classics, this is right up your alley.A fantastic game with fantastic colors, music, gameplay, characters, bosses, and an adorabe storyline. A truly great game at any price."
76561198004356416,Recommended,250760,10922943,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Wilson,Its a great old fashioned game. Just be ready to lose some of your hair in the process. :) Good challenging game.
76561198049540925,Recommended,250760,11591480,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Wiljam64,Most likely my game of the year.
,Recommended,250760,11611719,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,SpookyBoi,I ♥♥♥♥ing adore this game
,Recommended,250760,11612602,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Wwrath,"Really fantastic retro adventure that's pretty much a mixture of Dark Souls, Mega Man, and Axe Cop."
,Recommended,250760,11613638,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Shatner's Basoon,Digging pun funny.
76561198055496333,Recommended,250760,11624898,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Clouds n vude,I opened a chest and an Angler Fish came out and ate me.10/10
76561198023026702,Recommended,250760,11631647,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,mtstorrs,Amazing and wonderful shovel action.
,Recommended,250760,11683396,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Misery,shovel mother♥♥♥♥ing knight seriously shut up and play it
,Recommended,250760,11697338,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,RYPTO☆,bretty gud 8/8
76561198072026241,Recommended,250760,28745255,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyral Drive,Yes
,Recommended,250760,17856089,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Levin,"I'm fairly sure I was just playing Duck Tales, Castlevania, Megaman, Adventure of Link, and Kirby, all at once."
,Recommended,250760,11469304,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,LzBergie,"I absolutely recommend this game for anyone wanting to get a blast from the past in the sense of the 8-bit era. This game is incredibly well made in everything from art assets to sheer gameplay. Add in a massive amount of upgrades and fun little items that you can use and you have yourself a recipe for something that new games sometimes lack, Sheer unadultered fun!Nostalgia aside and taking the rose-tinted glasses off and just looking at this for what it is I can tell you, not promise, but tell you that should you decide to buy this game you'll be in for a good solid couple hours of well thought through level design, Good characters, Amazing gameplay and a game that'll leave you wanting more.I would definitely recommend this to anyone and loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,250760,33070170,Posted: 30 June,all,Fluresent,"What can I say...This is a must have for anyone that seeks a throwback to the good ol games of the past.Story, Gameplay, and Graphics are all complementing of each other, and blends to make one of the best platformer games of this decade.Would absolutely reccomend!10/10"
,Recommended,250760,33076092,Posted: 1 July,all,Harnoth,"This game is simply amazing.Great gameplay with a retro feel to it, great soundtrack, challenging in the right way and a wonderfull universe. 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,22681009,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,R3NN,died 4 times in the same pit just to get my gold10/10 would get my gold again
,Recommended,250760,22667600,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bobbe,
,Recommended,250760,24150479,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Shaunamo,"If you haven't bought this game or played this game your missing out! Full game + another full game for free, and more free content that will add up to full games to come! Great platformer, get it now!"
,Recommended,250760,13670842,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Bagame,"Fully Tribute to the beautiful and nostalgic of the old time.From gameplay , graphics , musics and spices things up a bit with innovative , fluid and intutiative of modern video games pieces.This 'Love Letter' from 8-bits era is a monument , milestone and example of nicely collaboration of old times and new way to become something 'contemporary' that can dig your love for video games deep , tender and pure 'fun' !"
,Recommended,250760,18429840,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kasper,One of my favorite games ever.
,Recommended,250760,14037187,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DankShellz,I dig it
,Recommended,250760,14152497,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TaCoCaT,"Great game.Tons of fun with a great storyline.Music is fantastic.10/10 would ""shovel"" again, hahaha...ha....."
,Recommended,250760,14688001,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[MiB]Victorious,"I am sure people have made all of the shovel/dig puns so I won't even dig up that corpse. Shovel Knight is a fun yet challenging game that will suck you into a nostalgia filled daydream of the SNES days. Shovel Knight will not only test your timing, jumping or shovel skills but also your patience and your ability to think critically while still enjoying a fun story with some dark undertones. Buy this game if you love playing difficult platformers or if you just love fun in general. What's great about the game, and Yacht Club Games is that the devs are still planning on releasing more updates to expand and improve the game so you can play as different knights. I will add that the badges for Shovel Knight look ugly to me, so I will be keeping my level one badge.I really dig this game. Yeah, I made that pun, and I don't care if you hate me for it."
,Recommended,250760,14965902,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jiub,"If you're a fan of games that are ""nostaligic"" and all that wishy-washy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then Shovel Knight is for you, I suppose?It's got a nice soundtrack, while most other games are meh at best in terms of sound.The boss fights are un-creative, but good nonetheless.The whole concept of ""Hurr, we're a quirky retro style indie platformer, durr"", slightly grates on my nerves.I'm slightly sick of quirky and unfunny indie titles.But sure, it was a good timewaster, and I recommend it for whenever you're having a slow facebook chat."
,Recommended,250760,13875297,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CalSeeYum,"If you like:-Mega Man-Ducktales-A lot of the games from the ""good ol' days""-The memorable and awesome music associated with such titles-Platforming that's both challenging and fair-Speedrunning-Gems and mysterious hidden roasted dungeon wall chicken-USING GARDENING TOOLS AS WEAPONS-Never taking off your helmet...then Shovel Knight is for you!If you don't, you have serious issues and should consult your nearest therapist to work them out so you can enjoy a good game like this."
76561198048498273,Recommended,250760,15641036,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,SonofaGlitch,"Shovel Knight's the kind of game that would invite you to it's birthday party, then give everyone else a present.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that borrows five buck from you, then pays you back with interest before you have to ask for it back.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that has the hots for your sister, but asks if you're cool with it before he makes a move.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that creates a totally fun an interesting protagonist, but also has fun and interesting antagonists.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that were you both dying in a desert, would give you the last sip of canteen water.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that knows how to be challenging enough that you never lose interest, without ever getting so hard as to make you want to quit.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that when it drinks the last cup of coffee in the office, always remembers to brew another pot.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that hands out a few achievements for general progress, but reserves most of them behind actually difficult to achieve challenges.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that helps you with your math homework.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that apes classic late- 1980's NES game mechanics and structures to a T, while excising all the stuff that was annoying from them.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that will listen to your differing political views, but will still repect you and maintain your friendship because that's more important.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that calls back after the date.Shovel Knight's the kind of game that wakes you up with fresh coffee and scrambled eggs the morning after.Shovel Knight's the kind of game you should buy."
76561198119610591,Recommended,250760,15920776,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,ToastyToast,I dig it.
76561198111931140,Recommended,250760,15622189,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Aurum,"Great game, by far the best part was meeting the Troupple King, just look at my profile picture"
76561197977528867,Recommended,250760,30278295,Posted: 2 March,all,bakkeby,I am at a loss of words.Just buy it.
76561198288581238,Recommended,250760,31982259,Posted: 26 May,all,BrickChomper,I like this game it is the best and it is cheep
,Recommended,250760,18666174,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Kero,9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999x better than Guacamelee
,Recommended,250760,16503180,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,1. Keepo,"Amazingly nostalgic and retro style game. If you have a special place in your heart for 8-bit games, instabuy. 5/5"
,Recommended,250760,16503617,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Maelstrom,Shovel Knight GOTY 2014!
,Recommended,250760,30376820,Posted: 7 March,all,twitch.tv/wanstman,"Amazing soundtrack, great gameplay, good value."
76561198149985383,Recommended,250760,16018108,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Cyanide Spewer,"Great fun game, challenging levels, and great art style... Cant wait for the FREE expansion pack"
,Recommended,250760,33847928,Posted: 27 July,all,Mrguy,the best modern platformer. suckers should have bought it before the price hike.
,Recommended,250760,24353286,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Eonum,I Got this game and had to refund it cause it lagged out controls didn't work so I want it back thank you
,Recommended,250760,31114580,Posted: 13 April,all,Anime Tiddies,"By far Specter of Torment has been been the greatest addition, all levels completely reworked and from the gameplay perspective probably even better than of the original story line"
,Recommended,250760,21724432,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Jimmy Dean,i think this is a great game
,Recommended,250760,10985869,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Player 2,Old school Mega Man meets Castlevania.  Worth every penny.10/10
76561198146305159,Recommended,250760,31943835,Posted: 24 May,all,Meepster,"THIS IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IVE EVER PLAYEDSeriously this is my second favorite game of all time aside from portal 2. It is very tough but once you get it down its so much fun.10/10 would ""dig"" this out of the indie game section againP.S. OHHH god the puns."
,Recommended,250760,28718007,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Primpy,Absolutely fantastic game. Would play again anytime.
,Recommended,250760,22207185,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Blaze Theil,"This is amazing. It takes me way back to the days of MegaMan (one of my favorite gameing franchises). It tries to be like MegaMan, and does it well. The level design is fantastic. Every level introduces something new. The controls are simple and good. I love every thing about Shovel Knight. But, I know what you're saying. ""But you've only played it for a few hours!"" Not true. I got this on 3ds back in 2014 and I've played it for 70 hours total."
,Recommended,250760,24601691,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,♛K1ngpinツ™,"A knight with a shovel, what not to like? :)"
,Recommended,250760,34464570,Posted: 24 August,all,TheShutUpMan,So good
,Recommended,250760,34494729,Posted: 25 August,all,AlphaRW,"decent platformer, played it for a bit but got stuck on the part where you had to do that one thing."
,Recommended,250760,34520089,Posted: 26 August,all,MewSpoon,I'm convinced this is the best Platformer on the market. If you haven't played this yet I can't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,250760,34519540,Posted: 26 August,all,spooky chef,very yes
,Recommended,250760,30992044,Posted: 6 April,all,Afoo,I give this game 2/2 X chromosomes
,Recommended,250760,30990359,Posted: 6 April,all,Blank,Platforming at it's finest. I bought this game over a year ago and have received two awesome DLC campaigns for free with another one on the way.
76561198067820308,Recommended,250760,26928993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bubblegum TAICHO,such an amzing throwback to the classic styles. not to mention the incredible soundtrack. by far my favorite game
76561198030864926,Recommended,250760,23466205,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,uty,great like a classics that i never played
,Recommended,250760,26310194,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Vikky,"If we are truly friends, you will get this game."
76561198061226608,Recommended,250760,30971796,Posted: 5 April,all,Balent,Compelling gameplay tied with a delightful story and a killer soundtrack
,Recommended,250760,30972266,Posted: 5 April,all,M3TA,One of the best platformers i have played.
,Recommended,250760,31070598,Posted: 10 April,all,build the bridge,amazing devs
76561198056682064,Recommended,250760,29131515,Posted: 8 January,all,theskinsurf,"you will THROW things. you will gnash your teeth and BEAT the nearest wall. then you'll pick up where you left off and succeed, barely scrape through. and it will be beautiful."
,Recommended,250760,29431995,Posted: 22 January,all,Crystal,i suck♥♥♥♥♥♥at this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198023127585,Recommended,250760,30571790,Posted: 17 March,all,Cutiesaurs,A wonderful game with balnce gameplay and enough challange that I keep coming back to.+
,Recommended,250760,30576400,Posted: 17 March,all,ExplosiveNarwhals,Dark Souls mixed with Mario mixed with Mega Man. Literally the best combination ever.
76561198092033007,Recommended,250760,25275094,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Biker,If you enter a code in the start of the game it will replace everything with the word butt.10 out of 10.
,Recommended,250760,18315089,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kapperi,Still waiting for a new update
,Recommended,250760,17163952,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Grognard_87,"This is a game I'd called NEStalgia! It's really fun return to classic NES games with a map much like the super mario games and the many other little bits that can make certain levels really difficult, but thanks to there being no lives limit, makes the game far less frustraiting.Certain missions are a real pain as when you get hit you get knocked back, pushing you into pits much like in classic Ninja Gaiden. It is well worth a play and with a very interesting story and characters who I knew little about, but I wanted to see get through to the end safely."
76561198043791421,Recommended,250760,19805844,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,NEONPRIME.AXL,I just wrote a review to Shovel Knight. Any butt joke?
76561198070992815,Recommended,250760,30968831,Posted: 5 April,all,JayBlaze11,"The price may have gone up, but the sheer amount of content included (and the additions still in development) is well worth the current pricetag.The gameplay is polished, the soundtrack is on point, and the characters are varied and interesting."
,Recommended,250760,30969852,Posted: 5 April,all,Voodoo Cursed Friendgineer,Great game. Great soundtrack. Great story. Great controls. Is fun and a good time passer.
76561198051429408,Recommended,250760,34626784,Posted: 30 August,all,rougeelite777,"This game is fantastic. Chock full of charm, fun music, fleshed out characters and strong gameplay. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,250760,27063997,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,a real king,Yes.
,Recommended,250760,15283357,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,CoffeeCreamer❤| Fakku.net,its good
,Recommended,250760,21406439,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,KoolSpookyKid,"Looks like you DUG up my review. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)This game is pretty amazing. One of the only platformers I actually enjoy. Greatly polished, nice soundtrack, and on multiple consoles. Wii U, PS4 Xbox One, 3DS, etc. Not much else to say about Shovel Knight. Now leave."
76561197975524911,Recommended,250760,13866421,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,eggnog,It's like Dark Souls but with better shovel mechanics.10/10
76561198068995957,Recommended,250760,25610012,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,JaximusPrimeRib,Fantasic Game!!
76561198044428318,Recommended,250760,25613798,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,marky,buy it
,Recommended,250760,14331186,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Dormatt3476 V.2,I'D Rather stick toothpicks in my uretha then vs the specter knight.......10/10
,Recommended,250760,11025166,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Carlz0r,"Play as the Shovel Knight as you make your way through diverse levels to face off against the knights of The Order of No Quarter.  An evil enchantress is up to no good, and you must stop her!  Along the way, you'll collect subweapons and magic, upgrade your health and mana, purchase upgrades to your shovel and armor to give you new abilities, and occasionally run into enemies and other events on the field between levels, just to spice things up a bit.  And.. of course, collect treasure!This game looks generic at first glance, but it's full of depth and drenched in personality.  Every level has unique 'gimmicks' and every boss battle is different from the last.  There are sub stages, mini games, and events that appear on the map at certain times, just to keep things even more spiced up.  This game is full of secrets to find.  Every NPC has dialog, many have events associated with them, and you'll find surprises everywhere (such as a really cool boss living right inside one of the main town areas!)This game is fantastic.  Excellent, challenging gameplay.. Great soundtrack.. Tight controls (I played on 360 controller, but no reason why keyboard would be hard).  Similar to retro console games without feeling too derivative or unoriginal.  It takes some inspiration from games like Megaman, Castlevania, and Ducktales.. but does enough new stuff of its own to not just be lackluster copy or retro homage, or just another mediocre indie platformer.. It holds up just fine on its own.  Seriously.  It can be a little hard at times, but it's not unfair.  Challenging, but not frustrating.Bottom line, GET IT.  If the price seems a little steep for you.. Well, first of all, it's worth it.  But if you just can't drop that much dough, at least wishlist it and wait for a sale.  This game is worth playing, and the developers are worth supporting.  This is truly an example of a kickstarter dream gone RIGHT.(note that at the time of writing, I'm roughly about halfway through the levels.  I'll be completing this game soon because I love it.. and I'll probably go back to find all of the collectable music pages that I've probably missed, as well.)"
,Recommended,250760,31742258,Posted: 14 May,all,The Rancorre,Highly Recommend.
76561198367657146,Recommended,250760,34311493,Posted: 17 August,all,Specter_Gamer,"It's so awesome, I would love the 4 player battle mode"
,Recommended,250760,34296498,Posted: 16 August,all,CoolAbdul,"Awesome soundtrack, beautiful retro graphics, tight controls and exciting platforming. The true spiritual successor to the Megaman series, and raising the bar for indie games!Excited for the King Knight addition coming soon..."
,Recommended,250760,34338732,Posted: 18 August,all,Tifflo,"10/10, the creators knew what they were doing when they bought this game, made for an amazing first game on Steam. And damn, do they know how to do DLC."
,Recommended,250760,11446868,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,skeeter boy,"I was never into platformers these days, but seeing the amount of support from kickstarter persuaded me to give this a go. Turns out i'm horrible at this and I had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of of fun out of it. There are references to old platformer stuff which I found well-done. Also has a pretty nifty soundtrack to go along with the adventure.I reccommend this if you want challenging platformer. This is coming from someone who is complete trash at the game."
76561198079552290,Recommended,250760,34408165,Posted: 21 August,all,LevinSeve99,is rly good
,Recommended,250760,18022441,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,George Foreman Grill,get this game
,Recommended,250760,13718692,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BSS Mudcat,"I'm still not sure why Megaman is holding a shovel, but good none the less."
76561198035353425,Recommended,250760,13859028,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ProfessorElsaesser,"I'm a big fan of indie games. Retro games, not so much. This game changed it for me. One the best titles of 2014 without a doubt. 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,11117484,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Bone Palace,Buy this now.
,Recommended,250760,28445910,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Toats,If you like platformers THIS IS AN INSTA BUY
,Recommended,250760,11488314,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,play as a knight that kills other knights with a shovelamazing
76561198146569460,Recommended,250760,26173115,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,leukemia,HAIKU REVIEWShovel Knight is greatCaptures the NES feelFree expansion packNeed I say more?
76561198087570173,Recommended,250760,25668161,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Amazing Name,"i review games out of shovelry, ewan"
,Recommended,250760,13668025,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Julianzim,"""IM REALLY DIGGING IT10/10"" - Julianzim mod of reddit/r/micspamtf2/""Too much water7.8"" - IGN""No B00Bs0/10"" - Gamespot"
76561198139348326,Recommended,250760,29617986,Posted: 31 January,all,Thelionsden999,"The first score represents gameplay , art/style , devs , and innovation. The second represents how much I relished playing it.7/10                                                 4/5"
76561198067968714,Recommended,250760,23932378,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TheLegendTony7,It's Megaman with shovels. Instead of Jump N' Shoot man it's Jump N' Dig man. I really dig this game. 10/10
,Recommended,250760,11606844,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,maDEMOman,Diggy DIGGY HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLE
,Recommended,250760,31189307,Posted: 16 April,all,DarWat,Peepee♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250760,22903689,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,EndZ0,"Yes, Not No, 101% YesYES"
,Recommended,250760,10846552,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Isher,"“Justice in spades!”Such is the rallying cry of the brave warrior Shovel Knight, who adventures across the land to defeat the Enchantress, who has conquered this once-peaceful land.  I’ve been looking forward to Shovel Knight, and there has been a lot of hype about it, particularly surrounding its many delays.  However, the wait was well worth it, and Shovel Knight is the pixel-styled side-scrolling platformer of your dreams.The gameplay is smooth and I haven’t once felt cheated when questing through the world, defeating rats on propellers and strange spiders that ooze purple projectiles.  The game is very easy to learn, although the further you get into a level the trickier things will become.   One important thing to note about this game is the choice of controller.  I’m sure many people are fearful that their controller, whatever it may be, won’t be appropriate for this game.  Don’t worry, I’ve been playing with an Xbox 360 controller with a USB connection, and everything is fine.  The controls don’t lag, or feel buggy.  Shovel Knight moves in the direction I hold, and he turns and stops just fine.  A retro controller such as a USB super Nintendo controller may give you a nicer feel, because you’ll only be using three buttons, but choice of controller shouldn’t be a major issue.Shovel Knight is, as I mentioned before, a side-scrolling 2d platformer game.  It has all of your favorite elements- enemies flash and are knocked back with invincibility frames briefly when struck, as is Shovel Knight.  There is only one attack button, and one jump button.  Shovel Knight can also perform a downward shovel attack while jumping that is very important for reaching the game’s numerous hidden areas- you must use the limited supply of enemies or objects to bounce ever-higher, soaring distances that your jump button could never handle by itself.  There are also items, called Relics, that you can gather and use.  This is the first place where I felt that the game balance might be a wee bit off- the Phase Amulet.Once the Phase Amulet is in your possession, you may never want to use another relic.  It activates with no delay, and makes you invulnerable but still able to attack for about 2 seconds.  My first thought when I saw this item was, ‘This is incredibly overpowered.’ You can push the button to dodge any attack, survive environmental hazards, and generally shrug off anything.  That said, as the game progressed a bit more, I found that I was still dying, being hit, and generally not being able to instantly win.  Mana is a restriction that doesn’t come into play very often with this item, but simply being able to use it in time or being able to foresee an enemy’s attack is.  After spending some more time with the Phase Amulet, I think that it fits in quite well, and I mostly use it to dodge some bosses’ more irritating attacks.The music in this game is top-notch, and every level will afford you a chance to find the Bard’s missing musical notes, enabling you to listen to whatever area’s theme you wish should you collect it.  My particular favorite so far is the theme from Pridemoor Keep, where you face King Knight, a jumpy golden ponce who attacks you with confetti and solid-gold armor.My overall impression of Shovel Knight is joyous glee.  I haven’t enjoyed playing a game this much in quite a long time, and it’s really made an impression on me.  I would absolutely recommend this to any fan of the genre- keep in mind that this is a new game designed to look and feel like an old game, and it succeeds at that in spades."
76561197995655398,Recommended,250760,13826747,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,-210,He is a good hero.
76561197965282243,Recommended,250760,13922008,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Hatch,"If you're a fan of retro gaming you'll LOVE this game!  This game looks like something from the good ol' Super Nintendo days.  The graphics, music, sound effects all remind me of the classic games of the 90's.  It's a side-scroller game where you fight with a shovel (hence the title).  The game has some humor to it besides being a knight that fights with a shovel.  The game appears to take ideas from classic side-scroller games but seems to really have influence of Mario Bros and Duck Tales.  The overhead map where you pick your level and the fighting technique will prove that.  Like most retro games this game has some challenge to it.  It's not a ""rage game"" but there are places where you may use several lives to beat it.  Thankfully there's checkpoints in every level.  I really enjoy playing it.  It takes me back :)Pros:Retro graphicsRetro musicReminds me of Super Nintendo gamingEasy to controlWell developedFun for all ages (unlike most games these days)Cons:None that I found so far"
76561198103332608,Recommended,250760,31109480,Posted: 12 April,all,Rariaz,♥♥♥♥all of these haters hating onthis game. Thismasterpiece ofgoddamngenuisstupidly good working teampiece of♥♥♥♥♥♥im looking at you haters. Thisgameis a awefully amazing game BUY IT NOW!
,Recommended,250760,13924028,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Obscura Nox,"I just finished the game for the first time, and took me almost exactly 6 hours.Shovel Knight is a oldschool Sidescroller. Think of of a combination between the old Megaman, Castlevania and Ducktales Games. You have a Stage Selection, and each Stage features a unique Boss and has its own unique design. No stage feels the same, and i had tons of fun exploring everything. On your journey you will find several different items, like a magic wand that casts fireballs, or a special sword that allows a mid-air forward dash. These item function like the castlevania items, so each item consumes a different amount of magic - which can be refilled during the stage by finding restoration items. (Food for HP, Flasks for Mana)The controlls and combat feels very fluid. You can reflect enemy projectiles with good timing, hack away or use your shovel as a pogo stick Ducktales style to get rid if your enemies. You will find a lot of gems, but instead of being just a means to reach a highscore, they are essentially a currency for certain upgrades. More HP and more Mana are nobrainers, but you can also upgrade your shovel and armor. For instance, you can unlock a charged slash.Im a sucker for sidescrollers, so i absolutly loved this game. For those of you that are new to this genre, i can recommend it. Its not as unforgiving as the classic sidescrollers out there, while still offering a decent challenge. The Artstyle of course, is something you either love or hate. I for one, love it.Soo, the gameplay is good, the graphics are pretty...sounds good, doesnt it? Yes. In fact, i only have three issues with this game. Nothing gamebreaking, but certainly worth mentioning.First is the lenght. I dont know if its because im not that bad at these kind of games, but 6 hours feel kinda short. There is a NG+ Mode though.Secondly, although challenging, most of the later bossfights are a lot easier than the stage itself. They can and will kill you if you dont pay attention, but they are by far not the biggest challenge in the game.Last but certainly not least, being somewhat of a nod towards oldschool sidescrollers, the game suffers from ""CKS. Castlevania Knockback Syndrom"". Each hit will send you back a couple of inches, and - if youre unlucky - straight into a pit. To be fair, most of the time this is not a issue. Like, at all. That is expect for one part:Disclaimer: This part of the review contains minor spoilers for the endbossThe Final Boss. Essentially, you are standing on a crumbling platform. And as the fight goes on, more and more of this platform will go away. Either because of your attacks, or because the boss destroys them. At first this doesnt sound so bad, especially since they eventually come back. But until then, DAMN is it annoying. Everytime you get hit, its almost guaranteed that it will send you plummeting to your doom. None of the other bossfights had this issue, so especially for a last boss this kinda feels cheap and frustrating.Other than that, i have no complaints. Its certainly worth its price."
,Recommended,250760,10945939,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Butcher's Nail,You get an achievement for listening to a bunch of groany puns.10/10
76561198011766520,Recommended,250760,11310931,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,joppybabbo,"2 parts Mega Man & 1 part Super Mario 3; an homage to old-school 8-bit platformers. I absolutely loved this game.Pros:- Challenging platformer with tight controls (xbox 360 controller d-pad)- No-fluff Zelda-style inventory menu- A brilliant soundtrack that is collected piece-by-piece throughout the Shovel Knight universe- Super Mario 3-like overworld; random encounters included- Level gimmicks (in a good way), such as a wind that blows you towards danger, a dark level that is periodically lit up by lightning, and ice levels that carry your momentum more than usual- Enemy variety and memorable bosses- New Game plusCons:- Short game; just under 5 hours on my first blind playthrough (NG+ and free DLC cures this concern)- The bosses are a bit on the easy side.  I definitely struggled more with the levels than the boss fights- Filling two chalices with Ichor of Renewal (full health) is a bit overpowered- The default control for using your magic (up + attack) is not ideal.  This can lead to catastrophic deaths due to accidental usage.  Luckily, they've included the option to assign your magic to a specific button (RB for xbox 360)- The pits.  Some pits are instant deaths while some pits allow you to advance through the level.  It's fairly intuitive due to the way the levels are designed, but it's not always obvious- The pacing is a little off at times.  Sometimes there aren't enough enemies and too much platforming, and vice versa- Checkpoints can be a bit unfair.  There are stretches in the game where the difficulty between checkpoints is 2 or 3 times harder than the previous stretch between checkpointsMy Cons list is a little longer, but I am being super critical of an awesome game.  The good outweighed the bad tenfold.  I enjoyed my time with Shovel Knight, and I think any person that grew up in the NES/SNES era of platformers will as well.Canst thou dig it?"
,Recommended,250760,11108030,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ohjeez,You are shovel scrublord. 11/10
,Recommended,250760,16122273,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Schmoozer Loser,"If you don't love this game, we can't be friends."
76561198024256795,Recommended,250760,11063869,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,m0no,MEGAMAN+Kirby+Mario++++=FUN
,Recommended,250760,30786417,Posted: 27 March,all,Dusty Gems,"Why are you reading this?This game is great. Just look at all the other reviews out there.Fine a review...This is an example of your grand-daddy's game : ain't no easy mode (well yeah there is but who is that weak). And it's glorious. Soundtrack rocks. Story is superb. Characters aren't all that defined but nitpicking here.So again, why are you reading this? Play this game."
,Recommended,250760,13774034,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Megaradcoolguy14,is rly good
,Recommended,250760,13664684,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AlbertMelfo,"This is probably the greatest game I've played since the SNES days. It calls back feelings of nostalgia for old schoolers and offers charm and fun for newcomers. Try this one out. Great story, great mechanics, great visuals, great music... and on and on and on. Just go get it and play it."
76561198077803190,Recommended,250760,32829192,Posted: 26 June,all,Bucky Mcbadbat,i love this game
76561198073260500,Recommended,250760,10897342,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GoodGuyPilot,"This game is just fantastic, its a mix of castlevainia and dark souls all in one. The music and art style in this game just blows me away, as well as the combat and characters you meet along the way make a very lasting impression. Just overall great fun."
,Recommended,250760,26511608,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,A Framed Picture of Mao Zedong,it a minecraft copy but it also good cause they are not blocks and only skeleton and no creeperi recommend this gam too true minecraf fans(Y)
76561198056205823,Recommended,250760,15605401,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,origin_alpha,My full playthrough of Shovel Knight. We will be returning to Shovel Knight when Plague of Shadows comes out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4PT6qNxBdk&list=PLvK-OfJKjIw6JDaGAK7P6DLSu8IHa4ySj
76561198108279649,Recommended,250760,28853191,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,VulesJurne,"Great game. Soundtrack is ecxtremely good. Gameplay is solid, and the art is great. Although it is a throwback to the NES era of gaming, it doesnt feel stale or old, and suceeds at pulling in those that never played the NES. Worth full price, especially due to the outstanding effort of the dev team to create new content for FREE!"
,Recommended,250760,17355043,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,=РП=СтуКа,Shovelware.
,Recommended,250760,11926442,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Terium,"Best game within this ""genre"" since SNES.9.5/10"
,Recommended,250760,16549440,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SkayRack,Almost every character is a knight.10/10
76561198126557760,Recommended,250760,29661931,Posted: 2 February,all,TheCrabCow,"a very good game, would recommend"
,Recommended,250760,30517459,Posted: 14 March,all,Sahuagin,"NES MegaMan + a little bit of Dark SoulsI didn't actually enjoy it all that much. It lacks the excitement and atmosphere of real Dark Souls.I think part of the problem is that MegaMan was great for its time, but not anymore. Should have borrowed more from Dark Souls and less from MegaMan.It's definitely a good game, but I wasn't impressed by it and I didn't really enjoy it."
76561198131959484,Recommended,250760,11800363,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Dnekos,it was good
76561198118399792,Recommended,250760,32709506,Posted: 23 June,all,nashorhur,Great so far a bit frustating at times but not the game fault cause i suck
,Recommended,250760,22575054,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LambSauce,Megaman X 10's looking pretty good.10/10 buy this game.
76561198067951818,Recommended,250760,33110986,Posted: 1 July,all,Fry Fry Chicky Chick,ai ai ai great game ay ay ay
,Recommended,250760,17017714,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Hymen Cholo,its one of those games that you like because you like other games
,Recommended,250760,14801832,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dity,imagine if ducktales was really violent
76561198150017277,Recommended,250760,14545173,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Elkabat,"This game is a must play!The stages are amazing.The characters are funny.The bosses are challenging, yet fair.There are NO cheap deaths and everytime you die its YOUR fault not the game's.The only way how I can explain the controls is like this:Super Mario's controls: Good, but not perfect!DKC's controls: GREAT! But not perfect!Shovel Knight's controls...are...PERFECT, SPOT ON, FLAWLESS!So yeah its a 10/10 game IMO and a must play!"
,Recommended,250760,11531139,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Starayo,"I am not the kind of person who usually enjoys platformers. I don't particularly like mega man. I don't particularly like castlevania. I absolutely adore Shovel Knight.It plays beautifully. The dark-souls-esque system of being able to recover your gold if you make it back to where you died makes it both challenging and forgiving. It's an absolute riot to play, and has WAY more dance sequences than I ever would have expected.Buy it now."
76561198037393879,Recommended,250760,14973872,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Shill,This game is GODDAM perfect. I love this SHIZZ. LOVE IT. MARRY IT. LIVE WITH IT.
76561198109755755,Recommended,250760,19828932,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,furlong the magestic,"Things to do in shovel knight:Buy a ticket for food from a goatToss an exploding fish down a giant pit and get a sheet of musicKill everything with a horn you got from a shady dude in the arctic that was hiding in a chestThrow bombs at everything while looking like the Lunatic Cultist from TerrariaUse your pogo stick/shovel to bounce off the guy from BioshockFly using a green swordWatch a giant fish/apple dance and spit liquid into a chalice you bought form a random guy in a chef and magicist's basementThrow deadly green bouncey balls at a buff vikingGive sheets of music to a horse as he gives you love advice, than have a giant tuba man play you songsFight a man who uses hats to give him superpowersWonder what the heck the gastromoner just cookedMake a tiny little guy with a welding mask trip using your gear mount you got recently, than watch as the little guy throws giant red and blue bouncy balls at you from his mechDig, a lotEat, a lotApple Fish/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,250760,30990289,Posted: 6 April,all,greyvest,Brilliant
76561198206575937,Recommended,250760,28620622,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Vasi,can y'all hurry up and release specter knight
,Recommended,250760,10856743,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Samu,"Shovel knight came out today, and I could honestly say that I was really excited. I wanted to be challenged by something that was brutal, but more importantly fair. Shovel knight is based off of the early NES games like Zelda 2, Super Mario Brothers 3, Megaman, and lots of other games. Unfortunately, the game does not live up to the “Brutal but Fair”. There are moments in the game where I died due to something that was not in my hands. There were moments where the game throws some serious bull♥♥♥♥♥♥at you. Another thing that also pisses me off is the spikes. Sure it makes sense that I would die instantaneously if so much as a pixel on my body touched some lava, but dying instantly by lightly grazing a spike is a whole new story. Plus, combine this with the relatively poor variety in enemies; you have a recipe for a relatively average experience. And deep down that’s what Shovel Knight really boils down to.  Shovel Knight seems to snap out of the matrix though when we reach the boss battles. The greatest thing about the boss battles is that you literally have to “TRY”. There’s no lollygagging’ when you’re here. The boss fights are a true challenge, and every failure is caused because you made a mistake, not because of a cheap spike cop-out for lazy programming. Because I died very so often in the later stages it was really lovely to see a checkpoint system in this game. It works incredibly well, and it’s good to see that they chose this rather than a lives system where you have to start the stage over. Instead, your punishment is similar to dark souls, where you lose your in-game currency when you die. Like dark souls, you can go back and pick the loot back up after you die. Speaking of dark souls, this is probably the one game that gets the closest to being as fair as dark souls. You see, this game did what Dark Souls 2 did not. It brought clever level design, great boss battles, and some relatively fair gameplay along with an incredible soundtrack as well as a great over world and an amazingly simple but charming story. I would probably give this game a 7/10 if the boss battles weren’t so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, but because of the boss battles, the diversity in stages, and awesome music and story, I give Shovel Knight an 8/10. You see there are games that try all too hard to be like other games, we saw this with Castlevania: Lords of Shadow and that game did not do it right at all. However, Shovel Knight may be something we’ve seen many times all those years ago, but deep down Shovel Knight knew what it wanted to be. Shovel Knight is a homage to old school retro gaming. The game is definitely worth your attention. Watch some gameplay videos on it; I’m sure most of you will find yourself buying the game."
,Recommended,250760,29754286,Posted: 6 February,all,endless nameless,its bad cause it has bad graphics
76561197970384883,Recommended,250760,26170163,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,77%
76561198017077827,Recommended,250760,13818582,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ghrim,"If Simon Belmont was transported to the world of Mega Man, it would be something like this."
,Recommended,250760,28137573,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,{Veiny Dog}Lara Croft,Yes.
,Recommended,250760,16503657,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Grillgamesh,I've always wanted to bash people with a shovel. 9/10.
76561198264375984,Recommended,250760,24035831,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,STREAM-BEN,I dig this game.
,Recommended,250760,30603146,Posted: 18 March,all,NateRFB,Great game.
,Recommended,250760,31099642,Posted: 12 April,all,Spooky Sponge,"alright, i think it's about time i rewrite my review.i enjoyed both shovel knight and plague of shadows before,but this month i was introduced with a completely new story.SPECTER OF TORMENT.i haven't been introduced to completely new levels, and a new playstyle. since plague of shadows.simply amazing. no other words said."
76561198146529419,Recommended,250760,17840508,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,awesome toolbars for chrome,"its great, but the  second to last level is a little agrivating"
76561198078407545,Recommended,250760,28884476,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ZombieJefferson,Good
76561198115650142,Recommended,250760,32657187,Posted: 22 June,all,Gearbot101,this is gud game
76561198120413386,Recommended,250760,29932684,Posted: 14 February,all,LF RUBBER DUCKY'S,This game is beautiful and fun 9.8/10
,Recommended,250760,29972130,Posted: 16 February,all,Jopo,Nostalgia done perfectly.
,Recommended,250760,24451598,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,SCRP | Boo'dvar👻🎃,"If you get mad easily, don't play this game. It has frustrating gameplay but it feels so rewarding after you beat the level. I've only played about 4 hours of this game by the time I write this review but I have screamed out ""I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE THIS GAME"" and ""IM GOING TO REFUND THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; at least 5 times (within the first hour of playing). It's a good game, I love the artwork,the playstyle, just everything. It does get my frustrated,yes but it's worth in the end."
,Recommended,250760,19339668,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,certee,I love it! The base game is great but short. The plague knight expansion is a bit too easy but still charming.
76561198048004091,Recommended,250760,34774421,Posted: 6 September,all,Git Gud,10/10 Loved this game
,Recommended,250760,29685365,Posted: 3 February,all,DogLoaf,"I PRESSED THE ATTACK BUTTON, WHY ARE YOU USING THE PHASE LOCKET!"
76561198194531833,Recommended,250760,24225219,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Goombario,This game is the hardest out there but it has one of the best soundtrack and its really cool!!!
,Recommended,250760,11297852,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Otter,"Shovel Knight is a mixup of megaman with RPG elements. A formula like that must equal a 10/10 game, right? Well it f**king does. This game is fantastic at every angle. It's fun, challenging, and replayable. The music of this game is incredible and very well composed. I've been trying to find a flaw, just one flaw...I couldn't find one. This is a perfect game and was damn well worth the wait."
,Recommended,250760,20389815,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Robot Maid,"Welcome to the Robot Maid Review of... Shovel Knight.Shovel Knight is a faux retro game created by Yacht Club games. It's a love letter to many old games such as Megaman, Super Mario, Castlevania, and a little bit of Ducktales for good measure. The art style instantly appealed to me and my love for older style games and Shovel Knight does its darndest to keep to that aesthetic (despite all the sprites being way too high resolution for a third or fourth generation console game) and does it rather well.That being said... I did not like Shovel Knight. The game was far too slow for my tastes (and felt a little unresponsive as a result), the game was a little easy for me (but I tend to like extremely hard games like Metal Slug 3 and Touhou, so my view on difficulty is probably skewed), and a few mechanics bugged me to no end.Now that my dislike for the game is out of the way, I ask that you please hold on lynching me.Shovel Knight is not a bad game; it's actually quite good. The game mechanics are solid, I love the art style, there's quite a bit of content to go through, a good bit of humor, and the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic. The story is engaging enough to keep your interest, but it can feel a little cliché at times, but that's hardly an issue. I really can't say much else on the game since it's all easily covered by the above points.All my dislike for the game is based purely on my personal preference on what I enjoy in game mechanics and I can't heartfully justify giving any game a bad review because I personally didn't like how it worked.This has been a Robot Maid review. Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,250760,11378983,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Gretto,Anyone up for 2D Dark Souls?
,Recommended,250760,29830166,Posted: 10 February,all,Comics 263,This game is good.
76561198077840276,Recommended,250760,31154923,Posted: 15 April,all,sid,It gives plenty of content with the free dlc with 3 campaigns  its definitly worth the money but I would only buy it if you like this style of game but I think its worth a try
,Recommended,250760,30339594,Posted: 5 March,all,Warxa,This game makes me feel like a kid playing NES again.
76561198172239219,Recommended,250760,33392111,Posted: 8 July,all,Kryptic Mortal,"Take a hint, every other game dev."
,Recommended,250760,22220780,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,Wonderful little modern throwback to old school platform gaming.  Certainly a gem worth playing whether your and old-timer of new gamer wanting to know what the old days of gaming were like!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ednXppEIFKg&list=PLRPp9NG_m1FdGXQzXv3m8fy1awxfx_3xL
,Recommended,250760,34317370,Posted: 17 August,all,agradark,*buys shovel knight**plays shovel knight*is pretty cool(bored one day)*plays shovel knight again*woah two more games hereis more pretty cool
76561198116727932,Recommended,250760,12690383,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kioskchill54,"DO YOU LIKE PIXELS? DO YOU LIKE RAGE!!!???? DO YOU, LIKE, SHOVELS??????!!!!!!?!?!?!?!? THEN YOU BETTER GET THIS RAGE ENDUCING GAME IF YOU LOVE RAGE SO MUCH!!! But the music is good! get this game!"
,Recommended,250760,30480355,Posted: 12 March,all,*Yuki*,What a shovelware
76561198079551038,Recommended,250760,30479887,Posted: 12 March,all,SunBro Josh,I DIG this game
76561198073061888,Recommended,250760,12532638,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Takahiromiyashita The Soloist,I really like this game! :):) hahar
,Recommended,250760,11604265,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Giles,If you are like me and are an 8-bit retro game savant...BUY THIS GAEM IT IS PERFECT
,Recommended,250760,11166970,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,don't touch dad's cup,"Great Gaem, Great Musak. Mega Man/10!"
,Recommended,250760,32910755,Posted: 27 June,all,boss2688,Great game
76561198011925700,Recommended,250760,31372170,Posted: 26 April,all,Abigail,This game rocks!!! so good! Highly reccomend it. Stay away from Call of Duty Horse♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250760,13965276,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Earth,Gave me thoughts of suicide because of frustration10/10 would bang again.
76561198141538572,Recommended,250760,11567780,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Fisted Loli,"it's alright, i guess..."
76561198276343918,Recommended,250760,29929216,Posted: 14 February,all,Android17Attack,"I am Nick Cage, and I approve."
,Recommended,250760,29977075,Posted: 16 February,all,DEADPOOL,Yes.
,Recommended,250760,17276114,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,FockinUppity,"Its a buffet with all your favorite stuff,"
,Recommended,250760,22836225,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hehe xd,can i shove my shovel up shield knight♥♥♥♥♥?
,Recommended,250760,32737900,Posted: 24 June,all,EXTENDERRRRR,Great game for great people 10/10
76561198004916033,Recommended,250760,32710380,Posted: 23 June,all,Mattstonema,"Great game... miss leading though, 8 bit games never ran that smooth"
,Recommended,250760,13721697,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Anime Intimate Defense Squad,I can dig it.
,Recommended,250760,11911285,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ｄｒａｓｃｕｓ,I've never had a favourite game before.
76561198045657329,Recommended,250760,11056220,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dylan,THAT WAS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING.
,Recommended,250760,35137301,Posted: 22 September,all,Screaming Skele,"While the controls for shovel knight are clunky and not the greatest, the game is still pretty fun and features couch co op which is great. Specter of torment, on the other hand, is the exact opposite with super fluid and fast controls that make the game a total blast. biggest downside is the price tag. This game is not worth 25 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars, it really isn't. Get on a sale."
,Recommended,250760,11603904,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Metalliec,this game has Specter Knightten outta ten
,Recommended,250760,22771886,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Tohloo,Its pretty alright
,Recommended,250760,16501955,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Unease_Bison,I got to beat the crap out of people with a FREAKING SHOVEL!10/10 would mass murder again
76561198042579380,Recommended,250760,30168039,Posted: 25 February,all,The Milkman,"ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)This game is really easy.STRANGE, ISN'T IT"
76561198105509670,Recommended,250760,19961355,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,toot,10/10
,Not Recommended,250760,19444952,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SamuelT,"I DO recommend the game because it is truly a masterpiece. BUT, I also don't. It depends what you are after. Read on:This is a great game made with love, passion and atention to detail. Music, art, and vision is superb. It is the best retro-game I have seen that really nails the retro-feel down. It feels like I'm playing on a NES, but with just the right amount of extra (that a NES would not be capable of) that still fits in the game-world really well. For example, music has more audio channels, there are more colors and graphic tricks (that are really tastefully done - like text for example, how it gives characters more emotion - great). And it all works really well and amplifies the experience.The game plays great homage to the many older titles. Many games come to mind, and there is some self-reflecting humor put in as well. Controls are also good. All this is good, and worthy a purchase on its own.But not for me in the end. I'm sure I'm one of the few with this opinion but hear me out.I can't handle the game mechanics.This game gives me nostalgia in a bad way. That is, games in the past were frustrating and hard. Not so much because they were challening, but because of game mechanics that pretty much were ""instadeath and restart"" in order to lengthen the games and because technically there weren't many other options.Luckily this game has a nice check-point system, and a health bar, but the fact is that you still ""insta-die"" to so many things in this game. And replaying a section over and over again until you mangage it loses its charm quite quickly. And an extra slap in the face is that you lose money everytime you die. You might be able to pick that money up again, OR you might die on the same spot AGAIN and thus lose more money. You risk grabbing the cash which means you might die, or you give up trying and lose your cash. This leads to frustration quickly. Trying to beat a section with the same enemies and traps for the umpteenth time starts become tedious, especially after you manage to beat a hard section just to die to something at the end of that section, just before a checkpoint...I'm sure many love this type of ""challenge"", but for me it is just a chore, and not much fun after a while. Trust me, I like a challenge, but this is not a challenge to me, this is hard work and the skills needed here is time and patience - something I don't always have when I just want to play a quick game. This feel like a game for die-hards with a passion. I'm ok with that, and that is why I both recommend it and ultimatel don't recommend it, following my point of view.Look, the game is beautiful in so many ways, and it has variety in the world and some game-play mechanics, but I don't find frustration-mechanics like ""insta-death and repeat everything again"" very fun - A reason pretty much all games developed further mechanicically through the years. It was not just about graphical upgrades, but also about game-mechanics upgrades. Games for the last 15 years have pretty much skipped this idea of gaming because it ain't that fun to throw the controller at the screen and scream... Unless you are venting, but there are better ways to do so...So, I really appreciate the work that went into this game. The vision and art is absolutely fantastic. I'm throroughly impressed and wish the devs well. I'm just not into this kind of game-play. You might want to consider that before purchasing, even though most people seem to really like it. I do think this game is for a specific audience who love the old-school and the ol' days. Not me though. Too bad.Cheers!"
,Recommended,250760,23058811,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cliff474,"Okay, now I haven't beat the Plague Knight expansion yet, I'm playing my second full playthrough of the main story and perhaps New Game+ as well. My review is based on that.This game is incredible! The soundtrack is amazing, the gameplay is fun, the bosses are different and provide ome sort of challenge. If I had to list one drawback at all, I'd say the level design is full of little traps and enemies that can insta-kill you easily. I found myself rage quitting a few times because of all the enemy knockback that send you into a pit multiple times. Other than that the entire game is such a treat to play.I definitely recommend this game for retro platform lovers!"
,Recommended,250760,23797946,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Drunk MasterChief,Diz game iz awisime u shuld buy it Like A ♥♥♥♥♥:).But i need to warn you because this game is dark souls .Imean another versuon of dark souls.2d♥♥♥♥♥♥souls.Pros-Best game ever-Its like mario and♥♥♥♥♥♥souls soohttps://youtu.be/wqAYMZSOQaoitsa good thing♥♥♥♥♥♥soulsCons-Another♥♥♥♥♥♥souls
,Recommended,250760,29811179,Posted: 9 February,all,High Noot,terrible gamehas no graphicspeople dont even talk they just give you textthe guy uses a shovel instead of a swordthere is a midget guy you can play that but who caresalso theres a chick that this guy likes but he cant get her because hes only 10 years oldgg10/10
,Not Recommended,250760,20055269,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kommandant Taco,"I'm going to take a break and pick this up again tomorrow, but I haven't played a more frustrating less rewarding game ever. Every death feels as though it sets you back MANY, often difficult, minutes of gameplay costing you more and more gems or whatever they're called as you die and fail to make it back to the furthest you've successfully made it into a the level, before they decided you haven't come across anything that insta-kills in awhile that is. Then starts the process of losing all you've worked for so far in the level rendering it almost pointless to continue. But then what, do you restart the level and experience the frustration all over just so you can possibly make it one check point more into the level before the whole process repeats? Difficulty isn't a bad thing, but when a games idea of difficult consists of insta-kill traps and enemies that knock you into pitfalls where its impossible to recover your lost gems from it starts to remind you of a bad NES game."
76561198236526218,Not Recommended,250760,19202220,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,pug37,"Before you all downvote this reveiw I wanna say that I had fun witjh the game. I loved the Shovel Knight's campaign, but the controls for Specter Knight are horrible. The wall climb is weird because you start walking up the wall by just pushing against it. This makes it supper easy to be jumping onto a platform, get caught on a wall, and wall jump into a pit.  Also the jumping attack targets enemies which works when one enemy is on the screen, but when you have multiple enemies you fly all over the place and you feel like you have no control of what happens. I got used to the attacked but the wall climb killed me all the time. Please fix the wall climb."
76561197982199223,Not Recommended,250760,34191328,Posted: 12 August,all,Sharkweek,Great game.Actually a fan.But the current asking price is rediculous.Wait for a sale or a lower price.As for the game itself it's a well tuned title designed to feel like an old NES/SNES era game. Think Duck Tales meets Mega-Man with more of a Super Mario  World map and you've got the idea.
,Recommended,250760,31136334,Posted: 14 April,all,minecraft gamer pc 64,isfuck
,Recommended,250760,18152152,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,General Mega,"Shovel Knight was (and probably still is) my favourite single-player game, for its artstyle, soundtrack, atmosphere, enemies, story and bosses! Everything about this game is great, you should be buying it right this second instead of reading this. Even on full price, it's more than worth it."
,Not Recommended,250760,30366276,Posted: 6 March,all,GrD« Igni,"The main issue with this game is control sensitivity. I do use a mechanical keyboard but i'm not sure how much that affects this issue. Most of the time when I move it feels like i shouldn't go as far as a did with a jump.I disagree with the price and would recommend getting it if it's $15-$20.  With the negatives out of the way, this game has a lot of redeeming qualities. It is a slightly difficult game so there's a lot of practice to overcome certain levels. The combat is fantastic and requires precision along with timing. There's interesting boss mechanics that are unique but also have a counter to. The story is quite nice and although there's not much time dedicated to it, it's enough to get the point across and done very well. My main issue is the difficulty in controlling your character.If you're going for a difficult game that makes you learn by error with repeated attempts, I would actually recommend it.Also, after doing some research it seems people that post postive reviews are going around downvoting/harrassing negative reviews. That's quite sad honestly and is a detriment to consumers. If you bought a game because it had high ratings but never read the issues with it, then regretted your decision to purchase, wouldn't you feel cheated? You can just refund in that case but it's a waste of time as well. It also confirms buyers bias and peoples inability to take criticism on things they perceive to be good."
76561198091933835,Not Recommended,250760,34985122,Posted: 15 September,all,Oettinger Man,Not all its cracked up to be..
,Recommended,250760,25781319,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Did you mean Dopaje,Zelda clone 10/10
76561198085926417,Recommended,250760,11338443,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Coleco_84,"Impresive, a nostalgia trip, plus, an awesome platformer.UPDATE: Two years after release, the game keeps getting FREE content, including a new mode, and two more modes are coming out this year. Buy this game, and at full price, support these guys!"
,Not Recommended,250760,26985480,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Twaifu!,Another unethical business decision ruins another good game.
76561198100504393,Not Recommended,250760,20731411,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Deh Dragon,"Started off great then became the hindenburg, sheer disaster. Boss battles grow to the point where there's so much crap flying around it kills off the fun. Level design is awful in plently of areas; its basically Ninja Gadien for NES, so much nonsense occuring you cant help but think... ""Who were the idiots designing this and why should i bother giving it another chance"""
,Not Recommended,250760,24604386,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,StrooLooMan,"I often found myself purposefully getting hit by enemies, so I could then walk past them with my invicibility frames. Then in some of the later stages (the final castle stage or whatever they're called) I often raged at either the♥♥♥♥♥♥that came out of nowhere or falling through platforms for no apparant reason. I didn't like almost all the platforming in this platformer.I was looking at other negative reviews for this game and most of them follow the same formula, oh this game is a masterpiece but just didn't click with me, somehow, PLEASE DON'T HATE ME INTERNET, I APOLIGIZE IMMEDIATELY FOR THIS TRANSGRESSION. I am here to tell you that this game is not a masterpiece, but is undeinably flawed with its level design.If there is one good thing I can say about this game, and I mean great thing, it's the boss battles. All off the boss battles (expect for the grim reaper one, that one was kinda boring) are really fun. Every level I would just try to finish the platforming as soon as possible just to get to a new boss. I wish a game could be made with similar mechanics to Shovel Knight but with just boss battles.Overall I thought the game was average, but I felt this required a negative review, sence all of the postive reviews glorify this game as a flawless masterpiece. If you really like NES platformers, this should be up your alley (might be alittle too easy for your tastes though, I found it easy and I also find NES games ball-crushingly hard). If not I wouldn't recomend it unless you don't have anything better to do, the game can kill 3-5 hours.Also apparently there is more than one spell in this game, I wouldn't know that if I didn't look that up sence the only spell I optained in the game was the anchor one. I never even obtained any relics to give to the magic lady in the village. Maybe I'm just terrible at looking for secrets :("
,Not Recommended,250760,22520794,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"Very well designed but I dont know, just didn't click with me; I don't usually enjoy platformers though so this isnt much of a surprise. If you think youll like it you should get it though, it is very well thought out and designed, just not for me."
,Not Recommended,250760,34187439,Posted: 12 August,all,theglasskat,"Just read some of the other negative reviews before you buy. There's so much praise for this game but IMHO it's really nothing special. I really do appreciate what the devs have tried to do here, and a lot of people seem to enjoy it so that's  great, however IMO it's a complete waste of time. Maybe somehow the contols just rub me the wrong way. Idk.It's really obnoxious how many people call this a ""perfect"" game. As if games haven't improved since the SNES.Of course the visuals and music are fantastic, but the character moves painfully slow and the controls are frustrating as hell. The combat is clearly based on Ducktales, which was one  of my very favorite games back on the NES, but instead of those incredible controls, Shovel Knight decides for itself when it  wants to ""pogo."" Combined with the levels being based around instant death, this is incredibly stupid.Let me ask you this...  How would you like it if in Dark Souls if your  souls dropped on death  were in an  impossible spot to reach 50% of the time? That aspect of the game is unarguably BROKEN. Do you want me to pick up the money dropped on death or not?Long story short, I can never play for more than an hour or so before rage quitting. I've installed and uninstalled this game at least 5 times trying to give it another shot, but every. single. time I end up hating my life and rethinking the  time I've wasted on games like this that I don't enjoy and have nothing to offer other than pure frustration.This isn't a challenge, it's a bad joke."
76561198014936637,Not Recommended,250760,23306776,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,lumarulumitsu,"This feels to me like a game made by a talented team who don't really like platformers. They've got all the mechanics there but they don't understand what about them is supposed to be fun. It ends up being more aggravating than challenging, and I really can't say I enjoyed this game at any point. Disappointing, because I normally love platformers, and this one came so highly recommended."
,Recommended,250760,31027343,Posted: 8 April,all,M⌬rtius,Developers gave people who owned the game a free expansion. How can I not write a positive review? Thank you so much!
,Not Recommended,250760,25581745,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Locklear,"Great...but also flawed.  While the presentation is amazing, OST great, the biggest issues are the core mechanics.  Jumping is EXTREMELY stiff feeling.  You'll die 100s of times from pitfalls because the jumping is just so sluggish.  Combine that with the fact a lot of enemies are just awkward to hit with the shovel and you've got a rage quite 5 hours in on your hands.As much as I want to love it, I hate it...  Seriously needs to be redone."
76561198231994704,Not Recommended,250760,33286548,Posted: 5 July,all,Faerador,"I speak of the first of the Shovel Knight stories specifically, as I have yet to get into the others.I have a love/hate relationship with this game.  Why?  It reminds me of the ""good ol' NES days.""  If you actually recall those days accurately, and not just through a haze of nostalgia, you'll remember that some of those games were TOUGH!  And FRUSTRATING!  And I don't mean tough or frustrating as in how modern games are.  I mean tough as in you'll have to die just to figure out how to use certain items, get past certain areas, etc.I die and die and die.  Sometimes I find interesting artifacts that may make certain parts of the stages easier.  Over the course of many deaths, I slog forward an inch at a time, only to die and go back to the checkpoint again.  But at least I get really good at getting past that one inch of screen.  Too bad the next inch of screen is more of the same BS but different enough, so I'll have to die there too, in order to learn how to get past it.As you get further into the game, the platforming becomes ever more intense.  At least the controls are tight, and the game is made for a controller.  Don't even bother trying this game with a keyboard/mouse combo, I'd say.  The precision necessary is too great at some parts, unless you're a keyboard god.If you find yourself getting frustrated easily at challenging games, I would say take a pass.  If, however, you have a sadistic streak for tight platformers, go ahead and buy this game.  After all, you're getting 4 games in one.  Maybe I'll like the other stories better, but Sir Shovel can straight shove it, as far as I'm concerned.  I get much too angry playing this game to enjoy it any.  If you've ever watched Mike Mattei of ""Angry Video Game Nerd"" fame, you'll understand the rage of which I speak."
,Not Recommended,250760,24786757,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,PeligroWilsonez,Cheap mechanics on stages make this game not fun.theres challenge and then theres stupid trial by error and this game has a lot of those parts. get it for cheap if you must have it.
76561198004346221,Not Recommended,250760,20593518,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,gayweeddad69,"The visuals and music are fantastic, but the gameplay doesn't really hold up. Basic attacks and jumping feel rigid. The level design is great when looking at each individual screen, but the pacing is almost embarassingly bad. It's very trial-and-error, which is certainly reminiscent of the 8-bit games it's trying to emulate, but there's a reason why those games died out and why the visual style and music are fondly remembered while constant death due to trial and error are looked back upon with spite.Basically, the early levels especially don't give you enough of a moveset to deal with the challenges you're faced with, requiring you to ""git gud"" by doing them over and over and over. Artificial difficulty abound.If you're into that sort of thing -- and some people totally are -- then pick this up. If you're expecting a pseudo-retro game like Super Meat Boy or Hotline Miami, avoid this at all costs because it feels like it was made for the SNES. Also, making someone hold the up button to use magic in a platformer is never a good idea. Don't do that."
,Not Recommended,250760,21620210,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Slashley,"You know, at first... it was a really solid game. It did a great job at teaching the player how to play the game through mechanics, rather than the ""MEGAMAN, MEGAMAN! Press B to JUMP!"" syndrome. The controls were tight, the bosses were creative... all was good.But then... endgame happened. Basically, the entire last half of the game is all about pitfalls and spikes. Both of which are instant death. Sometimes spikes are nicer since you have an item which makes you invulnerable for a short time, but sometimes, you move a pixel too close to spikes and BLAM YOU DIED, TRY AGAIN. Having a stage or two designed like this is fine. Having over half the stages designed like this? Is NOT. It's simply frustrating.If your idea of challenging fun is a Megaman game where over half the stages are THAT stage, then this game is CERTAINLY for you.I almost forgave them for the Plague Knight storyline and ending. Almost."
76561198030757655,Not Recommended,250760,29411595,Posted: 21 January,all,bjwolfe,"Interesting game and worth a play through.  Definitely a reminder of old school platformers.  As expected in that type of game, there are times that it's incredibly satisfying and times that it's frustrating beyond belief.There were two major issues for me when working through this one.1) No ability to save mid-level.  I understand that's part of what they're trying to recreate, but there were a few levels where I had to leave my computer on for hours on end to avoid losing my progress.  And it's not fun enough to want to rerun most of a level again.  Saving at the most recent checkpoint would be perfect and really is something I expect anymore.2) I'm sure it's a chance to show off your confidence, but there is an option to destroy checkpoints in order to get a monetary reward.  That's fine.  But this was triggered on accident for me multiple times while either getting attacked at the checkpoint or trying to jump and accidentally doing a shovel drop.  There should be an option to confirm that you want to destroy the checkpoints or at least make them take multiple hits to break.I liked the game, but my frustration outweighed my enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,250760,18384941,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,H20 ᏧᏝ #freeCatalonia,"I want to start off with the good things about Shovel Knight:It's a strong platformer.The levels are challenging enough without being too rough.There are a lot of cool mechanics and abilities.Overall, I was happy playing through Shovel Knight, but I felt like the game was far too short for the price tag. I was barely able to clock in 10 hours on the base game which is abyssmal compared to a lot of the other Indie games I've played on Steam for less! I have over 100 hours on both Terraria and FTL which I got for $5 and $10 respectfully. It's possible that I went in expecting too much, but I would not buy this game not on sale. However, if it is on sale for like 50% off, I think it would be a reasonable game to pick up.Lastly, *SPOILER ALERT*♥♥♥♥ PLAGUE KNIGHT'S CAMPAIGN. I have not raged at a video game in a long time, and Plague Knight is so ♥♥♥♥ing obnoxious. Even the starting levels are downright ridiculous; and while it does get easier as you go along, Plague Knight is infuriating to play. Doing basically any jump can get you killed because of his stupid super jump ability that is required for 90% of jumps. He will soar over or slide off every single ♥♥♥♥ing platform, and it is not fun at all."
76561198046500731,Not Recommended,250760,27839008,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ez_124™,"Other than the soundtrack and artstyle, there is nothing else that is good about the game. Most levels are all the same. All you do is die to learn the timing to jump just to die again to learn the next timing, especially in the later levels. This instant death gimmick level after level makes the game feel so tedious and annoying instead of  being challenging or hard. This gimmick also causes upgrades such as to health to feel so useless outside bossfights, where, again, all you do is memorize the timing to jump. If anything, it was harder to get to the boss in some levels.Overall, if you enjoyed the old platformers like the early megaman games. this is the game for you."
76561197993431940,Not Recommended,250760,19939710,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,tamjaraujo,"There's fun difficult -- when you really don't mind getting killed as you're having fun anyway -- and there's this. The couple first stages are quite ok, but the next stages are just frustating with the repetitive jumping, pits, spikes and enemies knocking you into them for an instant kill. That and the boss mechanics, that seem like torture.I just can't see myself going through this for another 10 hours. It's a shame, though, the game has all the cool retro stuff I enjoy, but unfortunately that includes some of the pitfalls (pun intented) of those times too :(."
76561198025427960,Not Recommended,250760,27892041,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,chris.koth,"Platforming and metroidvanias shold be about more than jumping over pits. There is very little tolerance for dying as it saps your gold quickly. Not for casual gamers, I regret purchasing."
76561197992453705,Not Recommended,250760,22546674,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,--LaKasaflark,"I understand that there are people who like these kind of games, but what I don't understand why the developers don't provide ALSO a difficulty level that is suitable for the players that aren't that skilled.A pretty game that is too difficult for me to enjoy. I had played two hours before I figured this out so no refund for me.Buy only if you're familiar with NES difficulty and skilled enough for old school type of games."
,Not Recommended,250760,20242957,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ordinary Legume,"Despite the endless praise that reviewers gave this game I couldnt find myself enjoying it. The music was pretty great, best I have heard in many years, but i did not like anything else about the game. The level design only made me annoyed with the cheap hits, the bosses were cool in concept but the fights didnt feel special or fun. The overall feeling of the game didnt suit me, but i can see how nostalgia got to other people.As for the update ""Plague of Shadows"", yet again i felt the same feelings. I liked it at first because it was something new and cool and nothing i have ever experienced before, but after an hour or two the fatigue started to set in. I felt as though the levels were not changed enough to fit with Plague Knight, even though every level was changed. Many sections of the levels were obviously kept the same to suit the gameplay of Shovel Knight, but not Plague Knight.Again, it was not for me, but i can see how it was for other people."
,Not Recommended,250760,24144223,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gullible,"The graphic design, music, and boss fights are top notch. Special weapons are cool too. In general, the flavor of the game is great.The combat is horrible. When you attack an enemy, you always always jump back. This makes fighting on platforms impossible. Killing bigger enemies or bosses takes forever. I found myself running past all of the baddies on the levels.This is a truly AWFUL design flaw Not worth the $10 I spent. Go play Castlevania."
76561198093181020,Not Recommended,250760,24219705,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DyllanRW,The game is nowhere near as responsive to input as old NES and SNES side scrollers which really makes the game a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ There is nothing to do in this game other than buy kinda useless abilities and become infuriated with the looping chip tune soundtrack.
76561197996380606,Not Recommended,250760,20118061,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Molvanian,"Many people online have treated Shovel Knight as a period of pure retro ecstasy. Is such rose tinted fame warrented? Well... no. Oh, don't get me wrong, it's as old school as you can get, which is both my praise and my complaint.See, they don't make them like they used to, because they way they used to make them wasn't that good. Go play Battle Toads if you don't believe me. Oh sure, Mario, Megaman, ect. All classics. All fun. But here's the thing, they were also frustrating.  I wanted so hard for this not to be an exercise in trial and error gameplay, or random bull pixel perfect jumping. But it is. That's not difficult, because it's beatable by repition. There's no skill, it's like crawling through barbed wire. Anyone can do it. Most people won't enjoy it.That is overly harsh though. The game IS fun, and if you like retro games you will love this. If you don't... you might like it. It just throws out thirty years of video game design lessons in favor of seeming like... well... it's thirty years old."
,Not Recommended,250760,20366480,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sparkirby90,"First let me say that mega man 2 and dark souls 2 are some of my favorite games, so difficulty is not a issue for me.I thought this game was gonna be a fun NES style platformer with the NES style difficulty with hard enemies, difficult bosses, and sparse checkpoints, but i was wrong the enemies were pretty much only there to knock you into the pits and insta-kill spikes that are EVERYWHERE, its almost as bad as air mans and bubble mans stage with the amount of insta-kill stuff. There is almost always a pit for you to fall into. The knockback all enemies have is almost original castlevania bad. But the worst part of the enemies is that when you hit them there is knockback if you dont kill them, so if you fit a enemy that takes 2 hits to kill next to a pit youll fall in. which wouldnt be bad if you didnt drop several hundred coins into bags that float into really bad spots, like into the many pits or spikes that take up a good portion of the walls cieling and floor. The only reason ive played so much of it is because i thought it might get better.but it didnt.While it has many problems it is fun, and could be a AMAZING game if it didnt take after the worst parts of the NES era games."
76561198068102627,Not Recommended,250760,19999069,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Qonstrukt,"It can get frustating sometimes, since the controls are not always responsive.You often die instantly by touching a spike or falling into a bottomless pit.The heroic deeds are a joke, for example, finish the game without dying once, or without purchasing anything.Unnecessary hardness shall suggest replayability."
,Not Recommended,250760,19120921,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Warp,"97% positive user reviews... I just have to disagree with them.I love well-made 2D platformer games as much as anybody else, be they modern (Limbo, Ori and the Blind Forest, Aquaria, Braid) or retro (Xeodrifter, Teslagrad, to name a couple). There is a charm in retro-style ""8-bit"" graphics and sounds.However, gameplay is a lot more important than just retro feelings. One major problem with many platformers of the 80's was that they were extremely hard (so-called ""Nintendo-hard""). And not in a good way (like Ori and the Blind Forest, or like the Dark Souls series if we go to the 3D realm). In the frustrating way. In that way that caused 90% of kids to never play the games to the end.Back in the 80's game development was in its infancy. It was still the time when just having things move on screen by the press of a button was marvelous. There was little to no actual user testing. Not much thought was put into playability and enjoyability. It was, wrongly, assumed that the way to make games was to make them artificially and needlessly difficult. (Of course there are exceptions to this, with games that were actually really well-designed and very playable. But those were the minority.)Modern game design (even 2D) is quite different. There are many principles for game developers to follow in order to make the playing experience more enjoyable. Anti-frustration measures. (These are things like making enemy hitboxes larger than their visible sprite, to make them easier to hit, and the playable character's hitbox smaller, to make it more difficult to get hit. Give the player leeway in things that would seem to require pixel-perfect accuracy. Things like that.) A well-designed game can still be very hard and challenging even with these anti-frustration measures. If well made, it can be really enjoyable to play regardless of the difficulty. (I think Ori and the Blind Forest is a perfect example of this. Also Xeodrifter.)Trying to copy the artificial difficulty of the games of the 80's is a bad idea. Graphics? Cool. Music? Nice. Frustrating artificial difficulty? No!Unfortunately Shovel Knight succumbs into copying the same artificially difficult game mechanics as those old games. It often makes it frustrating. Oftentimes you have to repeat the same extremely hard platforming sections dozens of times. It becomes boring and frustrating."
76561198006662817,Not Recommended,250760,22128167,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,The Mad Cow of the West,I just don't really like it.
,Not Recommended,250760,18847253,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,LethalJam,"I can't stand this game because it takes way too long time to get back to the action when you die.When there are instant death parts and you have to wait 10 seconds before you get back, it's incredibely frustrating.It completely ruined the game for me."
,Not Recommended,250760,20265837,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,whoisvolos,"Good mix with NES-like platformer and RPG elements (quests, items, etc). I already wanted to plus this game (I plus only VERY good games so it's a sign). But (1st castle level i.e.) - if you N times failed to complete level (not boss fight, just level design bug probably) you loose all your points. This makes further completion of game not possible (no items, no stats) and you should start game from very beginning. I'm not about difficulty of this game (but it's difficult) it's ok and challenging. I minus Shovel Knigt for bad design of replay mechanism."
76561198038027462,Not Recommended,250760,30780675,Posted: 27 March,all,Atano,"That's one of the few old school platformers that I have played, and it's probably the most frustrating one, and not in a good way. I don't know how good controls are compared to the older platformers but it feels slightly clunky. Sometimes you can't dodge an attack, sometimes you have to leave a frame because the brown mice didn't move as they should have. Sometimes you fall 3 frames down because the developper thought it would be funny to make floorless frames. But the most annoying part is the loss of gold when you die. It's not a problem in Dark Souls or Hollow Knight since you can easily get back what you've lost as long as you don't die again. But in Shovel Knight if you fall down in a pit there is no way you're getting it back unless you fall down again hoping the bags will appear higher (because it was too hard for them to place the bags on the floor). The only way to get the money back is to restart the level. I've done it  dozens of time. Guess what : it's not fun. Another issue : half of the items you will earn during the playthrough are totally useless outside their own level. I think this is a lazy deisgn and the last levels could have been way more interesting.Overall : good bosses but bad level design and useless itemsEdit : Tried Plague Knight and Specter Knight. Plague Knight is even more clunky, and spending time in the menu to change bombs while fighting breaks the flow. HOWEVER, Specter Knight is way smoother gameplaywise and I had a blast playing him. Sadly the gold loss issue remains the same and Specter's hitbox doesn't match the visual, making some jumps very hard .That can't be acceptable in 2017."
76561198105186678,Not Recommended,250760,22543135,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Jimmy the Eunuch,"Probably one of the top 5 most overrated games on Steam. These 17 year old hipsters need to calm down.  NES vet from the 80's, this would have been an average game then, just a♥♥♥♥♥♥game now."
76561198019015432,Not Recommended,250760,21720155,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Carl,I honestly think the health bar is a joke
,Not Recommended,250760,23122266,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,tony,The first game to make me want to break my controller 0 overrated paparikas/6.
,Not Recommended,250760,24283402,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,lavantant,literally no fun......
76561197999170548,Not Recommended,250760,13724514,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Подлый Негодяй,"As Frustrating As You Probably Don't RememberI wanted to write this just to provide an alternative perspective to the mostly gushing reviews this game has enjoyed. First off, most of what those glowing reviews say is true: this game replicates the look and sound of the classic 8-bit games flawlessly. The enemies are varied, and you'll probably recognize many of the archetypes from a game you used to play as a child. Same goes for the level design; the sliding platforms and fire-spitting hatches are all there, just as you left them.That said, the game carries over the flaws of that bygone generation. You die, a lot. The further in you go, the game demands more split-second precision, shovel-fulls of luck, and a masochistic desire for repetition. The bosses require learning their every move while dying a lot. Then they require practicing your motions while dying a lot. Then they require executing your motions while trying not to die. By the time I completed a level I felt more frustration than satisfaction, just wanting to quit. Thankfully, a ""Quit to Desktop"" button is one modern creation which was implemented here. The frustration is one of those things you may not remember about those old games. Shovel Knight brings those memories right back.What I'm trying to say is that this game is not for everyone, and that sometimes nostalgia is best left as a memory. This game is a creation that faithfully recreates the 8-bit era, adopting its triumphs and failures. Back in the day as a child, and with no alternatives, I may have had a higher pain threshold(and free time) to see these games through, but not any more. My own realization was that my nostalgia is not worth paying for this replica, and re-living those frustrations. However, if you really do want to relive the NES experience, why not just get an emulator and play the originals?"
,Not Recommended,250760,19637775,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Hateburn,"My skillcap is extremely low, therefore I heavily dislike this game. It is highly unforgiving and the rewards are garbage. The music is the only redeemable thing, but if only they could make this the only source, because I feel more satisfied listening to the OST on YouTube rather than dying over and over again. I give this game a ""♥♥♥♥ing God Dammit I was right there at the check point""/10."
76561198025006012,Not Recommended,250760,26169471,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,david b death,The Controlls and visual cues for this game are garbage.
,Not Recommended,250760,21224847,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Big Ounce,This is a dumb game because it does not teach you how to play at all and every thing is to hard and you lose all of your money so I would not get the game dont waste your money on this money hoging game
76561198037080732,Not Recommended,250760,26641245,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gentleman,"tries to get that flavour from the 90's, but I could not get in to it. too easy overall (I also played it on other platforms) and the gameplay is not really engagin either. For me its a 6/10 not more"
76561198206335253,Not Recommended,250760,18286110,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Snorlax,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,250760,10891643,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"Simply, this game starts out like the best Megaman you've played, and gradually turns into the worst.And the new Plague DLC allows you to experience the bad without the wait."
,Not Recommended,250760,21606767,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,crocodibli,more like shovelWARE hahahahaha ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198103360409,Not Recommended,250760,28855994,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AlwaysHasBricks,"This is the first time I have written a negative review so I will keep this as brief as I can. Shovel Knight is a perfectly fine game, if you enjoy the difficulty of classic NES platformers. It has it all from punishing enemies, to insta-kill spikes, to bottomless pits and so on. If you enjoy those things then I would give this a recommendation. To everyone else turn away. I was someone who gave into the hype and bought this during the holiday sale and even though it was three dollars, it was not worth it. This game is punishing to those who think they will have a mostly casual, fun romp through a mystical land from the very first level. In the first level I had to deal with spikes, precision jumping, unforgivable jumping mechanics and much much more as I went onto the other levels in the game. You will grow to hate this game as you keep dying to cheap uninventive ways that mostly just test your in game wallet (as you loose money) and patience. The artwork and music are honestly great, and I do recommend buying the soundtrack. However, for those looking for a fun casual time I cannot in good concience say you should buy the actual game."
76561198062255773,Not Recommended,250760,23012920,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DJ Black Beats,sucks♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045071476,Not Recommended,250760,18258802,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Count Slacula,Controls are sluggish and make an otherwise cool game less than playable.
76561198018919633,Not Recommended,250760,18127122,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,MagicMaaan!,"Hard for hard's sake, with generally unsatisfying victories and rewards. If you like punishing games, you'll like this. If you hate punishing games, you'll hate this. I hate it. Disappointing, because everyone loves Shovel Knight and I wanted a game to gush about with the boys.The devs didn't use most of the buttons available to them. The result is a game you could play on an NES with an NES controller. Downside is, the special attacks and items switch out with an awkward menu instead of mapping to easily available button combos. Instead of taking Zelda 2 and leveling it up to take advantage of modern platforms' capabilities, it kept a lot of frustrating features to achieve an old-school vibe.Most levels feel contrived to break up the flow of gameplay and lure you into ""gotcha"" deaths, instead of encouraging a never-stop-moving Mario Bros feel. Unlimited lives, but you drop some of your treasure with each death, and have to try and pick it up Dark Souls style. But Dark Souls was an all-or-nothing loss, so the victories were much more resounding, and often you went in with nothing to lose. In Shovel Knight, mediocre players like myself watch their treasure tick down with each failed retrieval, resulting in a frustration spiral. I only finished the game because I didn't want to feel like I wasted my money.Play if you like the NES, if you're good at 2D, or if you've got good patience and like charming chiptune jams."
76561198024766782,Not Recommended,250760,14468336,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,misc7,"There are a lot of good things to be said about Shovel Knight.  It is an inventive and well-crafted platformer that combines modern design elements with retro 8-bit graphics.  I would recommend this to anyone who likes very challenging platformers and liked old games like Mario Bros.However, I would not recommend this game to people like me.  Although I've played some good platformers such as Rayman Legends, I didn't have a console when I was growing up and have no nostalgia for old games.  However, I picked up Shovel Knight after reading many reviews which called it the best game of 2014.From my perspective, the game was usually just frustrating.  The final screen told me I died 330 times in the course of finishing this game.  I believe the vast majority of those were insta-kills, from falling.  The timing required is very precise---in many situations if you press the button a split second too early or too late you will be killed instantly.  Furthermore, if you take any damage from an enemy, they will often push you back, leading to another fall..  When this happens, no matter how much health you have, you die and will lose gold and be set back several screens.  No matter how much gold I started with, I rarely had any gold by the time I first got to a boss.  This made most of the game just depressing, as I felt the more I played the less gold I had.  Without gold, I couldn't buy many upgrades, which in turn made the next level even harder.About my skill level, I guess I'm below average, but I don't think I'm that bad.  I loved Dark Souls for instance, but I feel Shovel Knight is even harder because there are fewer strategies and routes available, gold is easier to lose permanently, and most deaths come from insta-kills.  Also Dark Souls I felt was more atmospheric and included more RPG elements.  It's one thing to die in Dark Souls 15 times in a row in a tense battle with a huge Dragon.  It's another to die in Shovel Knight 15 times in a row just because you didn't manage to jump from one moving platform to another.I think someone good at platforming would enjoy this game, but I think it's too hard to recommend to the average person.  If the developers added an easier difficulty setting I would recommend it whole-heartedly."
,Not Recommended,250760,19073843,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,fjärtnado,Meh
,Not Recommended,250760,16574519,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nedla,Do not get this game if you dont have a controller to use.
76561198028073421,Not Recommended,250760,22443435,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Roseman,it should burn just kill it
76561198089801209,Not Recommended,250760,17378582,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Proficient Tossman of Sr. Frank,"Unfortunately, I cannot give this game a positive rating. I was expecting a casual, entry-level, retro-esque platformer, but I sorely mistaken. The mechanics of Shovel Knight are decent, with controls being pretty tight, unique enemies and enemy types, and teaching gameplay through intuition. The level design, however, is ridiculously punishing (for me at least).  I continously died in spike traps because some random foe came flying from off screen and knocked me into instant death traps, my attempts to kill a monster caused me to destroy many a checkpoint, and every stage felt like a military grade obstacle course. I was frustrated enough to shut down my computer and cool off a bit as to not accidently punch my computer in pure unadulterated anger. However, after putting a large amount of commitment (or forced lack of anger) into this game, I found myself becoming better at Shovel Knight, and thus enjoying more. But that all vanished when I died replaying the tutorial stage. Repeatedly. Then again, certain feats the community deemed easy I had difficultly with. In short, if you want a game to play while on a road trip or something to pass time, I wouldn't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,250760,15915738,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Marble Master Marvin,"If you think platform games with lots of deathpits, knockbacks, and bad gimmicks is good level design, then this is the game for you."
76561198083839227,Not Recommended,250760,30068914,Posted: 20 February,all,Dingus,"Love the art style but that's about it.The soundtrack is all over the map. It is definitely a good soundtrack, but not for this game. A soundtrack is supposed to create an atmosphere, and this one completely misses the mark in that regard.The movement/combat is extremely clunky and not polished at all. I give yacht club credit for creating their own engine to run this game, but damn.I really really want to enjoy this game, but I just can't. Overrated/10"
,Not Recommended,250760,19962933,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Randal poo,ITS 2015 WHAT KIND OF GRAPHICS IS THIS LMAO THE GAMEPLAY IS♥♥♥♥♥♥STORY SUCKS 0/10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000WORST GAME EVER
76561197967018034,Not Recommended,250760,30296160,Posted: 3 March,all,Steve,"Classic-style platformer that doesn't bring anything new to the table.  Mechanics are fairly dull and repetitive.  Abilities overlap in purpose and utility, and the utility abilities rarely have much utility outside of the stage they're acquired in.Death is punished by loss of gold, but gold isn't hard to find or particularly important.  You'll run out of things to spend it on midway through the game."
76561197986981025,Not Recommended,250760,30310104,Posted: 4 March,all,pinegulf,"Game of the year the critics said. Old school they said.And lo, sale came thus did my library swell one more time.Well, the game reminded me of why the games did evolve and nostalgia is just that. Hard games are not an issue after all dark souls is a thing. However this isn't that. After 2.5 hours there were a few good chucles and a ¤!¤ ton of instadeath spikes and pits. Ever death eats you money. Die enough and you're just grinding through the level. Bosees are puzzle and the first four have trick to easily defeat them.Is it fun? Not my cup of tea, too much insta death."
76561198006580639,Not Recommended,250760,16862703,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,uanime5,"While this game has good aethetics and does capture the feel of old school games it has two flaws that ultimately make it unejoyable.1) Losing money every time you die. In a game where you need to purchase nearly every upgrade and the only way to get money is through playing the levels this means that you have to grind the lower levels if you want any upgrades because the only money you won't lose on later levels comes from beating the boss.If the red armour prevented you losing all your money on death then this flaw would be bearable. Unfortunately it only halves the penalty.2) Having to buy upgrades in levels. This problems is bad design if not outright trolling by the creators. On several levels you can find chests containing salesmen who will sell you a useful item for money. If you don't have enough money because you kept dying and all the money flew into difficult to get places then you won't be able to buy the upgrades. This means you cannot complete certain extra parts of the level and the level itself is more difficult. As a result good player get an easier level, bad player get a harder one. Why did anyone think this would be a good idea?If you could find these items for free in the levels and buy them if you missed them this would solve this problem. At present if you don't have a lot of money exploration is pointless."
,Not Recommended,250760,18644296,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,fruit varnish,"It's like any platform game you've ever played, except terrible.6/10"
76561198156528805,Not Recommended,250760,28926571,Posted: 1 January,all,jwtrooper,"Quickly becomes repetitive and just not fun. I'd give it great ratings as a retro NES style platformer but maybe I just wanted more in it than that. Spoiled by Splunky!If you like a repetitive retro themed platformer... give it a go. If your hoping for something more, I'd look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,250760,16422151,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Vibe,"A generic platformer with no sense of progression or satisfaction. The popularity of this game is mostly because of the nostalgia of old NES classics. Even if the game has aspects from other great old gems as Ducktails and Megaman, I can’t help thinking that those games did a better job being… them self.This is not a revival of old-school gaming. This is not the best platformer of our generation. Do not believe the hype, as I did.In the end I just feel disappoint. I expected something great and got something mostly decent. It isn’t a bad game, but it isn’t a really great one either. I would probably not play this again and forget all about it, because it isn’t special for me. And I will not recommend it, because I think it isn’t something special for you either.And no, Shovel Knight will not be in Super Smash Bros. Great character design, but he needs to do something at least more than just being a mixed shadow of the great games this game was based on."
,Not Recommended,250760,15471753,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,D time,"For a Kickstarter game, Shovel Knight shows the mark of quality. The visuals are charming and the music is be far the best part of the entire game. But frustrating and often unfair platforming make the game far less fun than it ought to be. Combine this with the fact that the only reward for completing a level is progression, and the result feel much more like a chore than enjoyment. Hopefully the Plague of Shadows expansion will fixe some of these problems...+ fantastic music+ interesting checkpoint deferral system- at times very difficult and tedious platforming- projectile attacks make many of the bosses trivial- emphasis on loot collecting but very few things to actually spend it on"
,Not Recommended,250760,29738380,Posted: 6 February,all,Hypnoncatrice,Mona is an annoying and dislikable character.Propellor rats.
,Not Recommended,250760,28450613,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Caboose,Just not my cup of tea.
76561197997613290,Not Recommended,250760,16673036,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[FR] Dr. Von Braun,"I love platformers. Games like SMB, Guacamelee, Trine, Spelunky, Rogue Legacy are my favoritesHowever this game has poor level design and enemy design, it's not even fun.It is not worth 10 dollars on Steam."
,Not Recommended,250760,19239934,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,gay ass,its bad
,Not Recommended,250760,25025768,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Yeet,"This is going to be an honest review so dont get triggered fellas. To me this game was a lot of fun, all the different bosses and levels got me ♥♥♥♥ed up while i played. I died on every level at least 3 times. Except for the first once since im not a little ♥♥♥♥♥. But this game actually wasnt worth my money. This game is fun but i feel after beating the game which takes like 3-4 hours there is nothing left to do. Hookers in realy life are about 20 dollars an hour so, instead of 4 hours of fun but its all gone at least get a hooker and you get to keep the stds for your life."
,Not Recommended,250760,24948224,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,fryguy506,Horrible controls. Horrible levels. Horrible game.
76561198075028603,Not Recommended,250760,16282171,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Desmonds22,"Call me an old man with a stoney heart, but i never got the appeal of platformers. i hoped the rave reviews of this one would help me see the light.Nope."
,Not Recommended,250760,13854925,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Troik,"I kinda like platformers and I wish there were a mario-like experience on PC. At first it felt a bit like that which was great, but after the first few levels the game slowly started changing gears towards more punishing games like meatboy, which was an unwelcome change for me.I wouldn't mind spending 5$ on 2 hours of harmless fun, but with a price of of over 20$ atm I had hoped for a bit more. So if you're into very challenging jump passages and having levels that are completly dark and the only light comes from a lightning every few seconds, this might be for you, it wasn't for me."
76561197995915948,Not Recommended,250760,14038068,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Musickid43,"This game is a lot harder then the critics lead it to be. Even though I grew up with these types of games, and am the perfect market for it, I still struggle to get through. Too many enemies stay high in the air throwing objects down at you, and you have no way of attacking them. This also happens with narrow platforms where trying to dodge said attacks just leads to a falling death. Some games are meant to be hard where you can enjoy the challenge and learn the attack patterns and eventually get better, but every time I die in this game I just feel cheated like there was nothing I could do to live. Every time I play I play this game with the intentions of getting better, I end up dieing in some stupid way that just makes me angry and want to throw the controller. That is why I don't recommend this overratted game."
,Not Recommended,250760,13931448,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Paaaulio,"Enjoyable for about the first hour, after that it goes quickly downhill.It starts off good and I like the art and music, but after that it becomes pretty much just tediousness. I never felt any gratification when completing a level, just a freeing feeling that it's finally over.There's too much uncontrollable instadeath, coupled with not much content (completed in ~4/5hrs) and not much customisation (3 weapon upgrades and a couple more than that in the way of armour upgrades).Probably an unpopular opinion but I'd save your money and recommend not buying this game."
76561197993353113,Not Recommended,250760,13887927,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LETS GROOVE TONIGHT [Knife Crew],"Fun game with great music and beautiful art, but I've played this 100 times before. Nostalgia is one thing, but you still have to bring something new to the table. Do we just want to play the same games over and over again, ad nauseum? No thanks."
76561198033976434,Not Recommended,250760,16486607,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BShank07,I grew up in this time period...still not much of a fan.  I get it-no thanks.
,Not Recommended,250760,14940334,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sayyiduna,"I don't believe there's ever been a more appropriate game to appear on Kickstarter. It's the quintessential ""nostalgia"" game for people who spend money based on wanting to recapture old feelings.I received it as a gift and expected more. The gaming community gushed about it as if it were the second coming and then it turns out it's pretty much just a mediocre game that recalls back to an age of gaming that matters none at all to me personally. There's a reason games like this were made ages ago, they were good then, they aren't so good now when we've got exceptional platformers like Rayman, Ori and the Blind Forest, Teslagrad, or even Intrusion 2.If you're nostalgic for the olden days of games then I'm sure you'll play this and come away feeling like you've fundamentally changed as a person, I didn't, it's not a terrible game but it's not really great either. It's a love letter to a bygone era and anyone outside that tiny niche would be better served with other games."
76561198069740971,Not Recommended,250760,16432866,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[TCG] Xeobug Doom,short fun for about 3 hours but i beat it in just over 4
,Not Recommended,250760,18151561,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Happy GALoween,It's just okay.
76561198128974568,Not Recommended,250760,30708366,Posted: 24 March,all,Horrible Orbit,"I'll preface this review by admitting that I'm not in the target demographic for this game. I played many of the NES and Master System platformers when those systems were still new, and had hoped to see a new contender in the oldschool platforming subgenre. I thoroughly enjoyed Super Meat Boy, even though I never did get good enough at it to beat the hardest unlockable levels. I find 20XX delightful, and have had a great time with Terraria. Shovel Knight is something else. It's a game that describes 8-bit platformers in meticulous detail for the people who didn't get to play them in the old days.Shovel Knight takes great care to look like an 8-bit platformer, character model sizes notwithstanding, and succeeds admirably at that effort. Everything from the chiptune sound to the clunky menus are preserved in a historically accurate manner. The animations don't have many frames and the things that are and aren't platforms aren't always easy to discern at first glance. If it had been released on the NES in the early 1990s, it would've been regarded as a technological marvel and a pretty good platformer. Not as good as Super Mario Bros 2 and 3, but better than Street Fighter 2010 or Wrath Of The Black Manta. A solid 7/10.So why don't I recommend it? If you've been frustrated by the likes of the Adventure Island series, Duck Tales, Jacky Chan's Action Kung Fu, Master Blaster, or Mega Man 4, you know what to expect when Shovel Knight gets frustrating. It simulates that sensation flawlessly. What it doesn't provide is the fun of the aforementioned games, or enough of its own fun to make up the difference. If you're an old gamer who's played a lot of platformers, there's virtually no chance that you haven't already played a better game. If given the choice between Shovel Knight and any of the classics from the old days, Shovel Knight simply doesn't stand a chance. And the best modern 2d platformers (see 20XX, Super Meat Boy, Terraria, etc.) are much better, too. It's not a bad game. In fact, it's actually pretty good, but it's hopelessly outclassed by both the old and the new classics. At just over 2 hours with Shovel Knight, I'm already far too sick and tired of it to finish it, and so I'm giving it the tumbs down."
,Not Recommended,250760,28696467,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Marmot,"Let me preface this with the fact that i dont think this is a bad game. I saw Shovel Knight and I got exicited. I love old NES games and games in that style, volgarr, super meat boy, Megaman, etc., but Shovel Knight fell flat. It isnt bad, it does what it does well, but there is no challenge. It doesnt feel rewarding to play. Its just too easy, and it trys to do the Dark Souls thing where it will drop your gold and you have to go back and pick it up, but it does it poorly, as in Dark souls, your souls are at the last ""safe"" place, while in Shovel Knight your gold bags go everywhere, sometimes making it  impossible to retrive. Some of the enemy's attack patterns feel cheap (like the Medusa Head esque rockets in Tinker Knight's stage) and bosses are incredibly easy. Its a shame, i wanted this game to live up to its praise.tl;dr, dont play is you like harder games, 6/10"
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,250760,18375836,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Westenra,"I hated this game. Hate hate hated it. It's one of those awful 8-bit throwbacks clogging up the plumbing ever since crowd-funding allowed independent developers to bring about their terrible ideas for other trenchcoat-wearing nostalgia-lords.What are people smoking? The controls are NOT good. Shovel Knight bumbles around the screen at the slightest breeze. He's sluggish, his attack takes too long to initiate, and his jump is too high, making enemy encounters an absolute chore. He can jump 10 feet in the air, but he can't jump off a ladder? Sure, you could buy one of those USB gamepads, but I got a computer to use a mouse and keyboard.  Imprecise controls + damage recoil = death after death after death, often in spots where it is impossible to retrieve your lost cash. There are characters in the villages who can upgrade your kit; too bad you won't have any money because you just spent the last 45 minutes falling into a pit over and over again.The positive? The presentation IS pretty charming, as is the humorous storytelling. I also appreciated the music. What I did not appreciate was having to hear it looped a hundred times per level.A test of patience. Gamers who confuse ""masochist"" with ""fun"" should be right at home.EDIT: As awful as I remember. Controls work some of the time, not all the time. On that note, there are too many controls. If you want to make an old-school platformer, make an old-school platformer. Jump, attack. Not that complicated."
,Not Recommended,250760,18048627,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Lnchb0xMarathon,too herd
,Not Recommended,250760,13795175,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,CdAM,"calm down .... it's good , but not that good..... wait for a discount ."
76561198036041534,Not Recommended,250760,30044141,Posted: 19 February,all,Elkstone,"TIL This game has mostly positive reviews because people harrass the negative reviewers until they delete their reviews. Fun fact, for any of you who didn't know that"
76561198271067475,Not Recommended,250760,22770638,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Derek,♥♥♥♥ING BULL♥♥♥♥♥
76561198054671618,Not Recommended,250760,19107936,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,smit.kirby,it is so hard
,Not Recommended,250760,13787331,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sentura,"""Let's take a look at the original Megaman and attempt to imitate it. Except, let's only look at it superficially without any attention to detail. This way we can make players feel nostalgic while at the same time keeping the worst design aspects of those games!""Albeit the game does start off well with some decent levels, has a great soundtrack and a somewhat interesting story, Shovel Knight's decision to keep and use some of the same design choices as the games it was inspired by eventually makes the game experience fall flat.The difficulty of some areas and bosses, combined with limited save options and an archaic system of checkpoints (or lack thereof) makes the game less of a challenge and more of a hassle. Things like the boss AI (for every boss) whose agency completely dictactes player agency makes for a poor experience as well, as it is hard to stay in control. Areas that connect vertically also allow players to fall through, meaning that you not only not get to restart, but that you have to backtrack to the original area/challenge room in order to complete it.It's a real shame, as this game could have been a modern classic had the developers not had rose tinted glasses on while reviewing the design inspirations for the game and instead updated them to a modern standard.There's also no Dash move, which degrades the grade of this game by 1 whole big mac."
76561198146225262,Not Recommended,250760,14489878,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,dude,"Game blows. Lame controls. Some sections aren't challenging but just impossible, e.g. a section where the lights go out completely, but until you ave been killed a dozen times and can actually see what is going on, you can't do jack."
,Not Recommended,250760,17888317,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gortern,dont like itIMPORTANT UPDATE: I still dont like it.
76561198074496463,Not Recommended,250760,13801128,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Donald Trump Chia Pet,"This game is so f-ing unfair its beyond belief, you'll have enemys 2x stronger than you and you'll lose your loot in the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ places that you won't be able to get back. If you're into hard games that make you wanna exit out of them is the game for you.5/10 needs more work in my opinion..."
,Not Recommended,250760,14671658,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,glyphic,"Wow... They really saw me comin'All the retro hype , nostaliga and hysteria can't improve upon dated gameplay like this.   After listening to this soundtrack for 10 minutes I feel like i should be admitted to the psych ward.   And to think... this is probably the most polished effort of all the indie platformers that have come out recently.  Makes me wonder... Who the hell is actually playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,250760,15588238,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SupSuper,Too many bottomless pits.
76561197993985438,Not Recommended,250760,13704270,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,snoopfrog,"It's nice, but has nothing new to offer. If anything, I found it a trifle irritating.Good dose of nostalgia, but little else besides."
,Not Recommended,250760,13833571,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,trey,meh =/
76561198098315317,Not Recommended,250760,18031359,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,FaeydedWinds,"Complete and utter garbage of a game. If you are looking for a reason to kill yourself because you are so freaking frustrated, go ahead and buy this garbage game. Good luck."
76561198184887610,Not Recommended,250760,30066387,Posted: 20 February,all,The Groverlord,Not fun
,Not Recommended,250760,18450342,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,"Kill Yourself, Gabe Newell","Yacht Club shows how to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game sell with this failure of a game. If you can't make a good game, give it retro graphics, make it so random and wacky(lol, he's a knight that uses...A SHOVEL!!!1111 goty), and for every ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay feature you include, say that it's a callback to the retro days.Well, let me put it this way. If this game is a good love letter to retro games, then holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ old games SUCKED."
76561198365430318,Not Recommended,250760,35073104,Posted: 19 September,all,bjarkehalberg,stuæidly overhard shitloa of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,250760,35188524,Posted: 24 September,all,ZeroG,"That was it? Nearly everything done in this game is done better elsewhere. Maybe I had too high of expectations but nothing done in this game was praiseworthy or even noteworthy. I didn't even get a nostalgia fix from it, I just got bored.Music is nice though, couple of fights were neat, and the lava world had a cool mechanic, that's about all I can say as positives for what to me is an otherwise forgettable experience."
,Not Recommended,250760,23409451,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,the sorry guy man,One of the wierdest and most fun fps games ever! Some people call it hat simulator and I can see why there are tons of hats from strange hats to unusual hats this game is all about hats!
,Not Recommended,250760,30663586,Posted: 21 March,all,_J_,"15$ yes. 25$ skip. The game is good, but not worth 25$. If it goes on sale, and you're interested, go for it."
,Not Recommended,250760,12101831,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,D. W.,"Shovel Knight has a great soundtrack, beutiful retro art, awesome boss fights, and a decent story for what it is. However it has some of the worst level design of this genre that relies too heavily on instant death traps instead of clever enemy placement, platforming puzzles, and combat encounters for the levels to be enjoyable. I would not recommend it for that the reason. Buy the soundtrack though."
76561198107258005,Not Recommended,250760,31069230,Posted: 10 April,all,RamsayOG,"I really want to like this game. It's way too frustrating. I love the music, the concept, and the controls are super tight as well. But since I want to get every item possible (or in specter knight every red skull, my complaint is mostly with this) I lost pretty much all my gold because when I go to jump to a lantern to dash through it, I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing millimeter too high so the line is pointing downwards and I dash straight into a pit and lose gold. The fact that the more money you have, the more you lose is infuriating. If you lose gold in a certain spot, say bye to about 800 gold. You're forced to ignore your lost money and keep going, losing thousands in upgrades if you mess up once. I spent about 1/2 an hour trying to get a skull in the first level, losing all my money and giving up. For the Shovel Knight campaign, my only real complaint is the bosses. Some are super easy like mole knight or the ice one, but others were extremely hard. I really want to like this game, but I can't reccomend it due to how frustrating it is."
,Not Recommended,250760,11652363,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Wes,"A negative review of Shovel Knight? Major websites are giving the game a 9/10, with claims like it's the ""best game of 2014"". With such hype and praise, I will offer a different opinion, and one that's very true to my thoughts on the game, which I cannot rate higher than 5/10. The problem is that the pure scarcity of a game of this type tempts reviewers to rate it higher. And then there is a certain novelty of owning an indie game that appears to have all the right elements. The game looks and sounds good, and being the only game like it these days, rating it below 9/10 feels wrong. For this same reason, most of you who read this review will down vote it rather quickly.What turned all of us on to the game was a simple gimmick, a character who looks like Vile or Bobafet, with Dark Souls style death penalties and a retro style game with ""cool"" music, but then add the incomprehensible, a shovel as a weapon. It was almost too smart, and too evil of the developers. How can we not like it, when we don't understand it? We always wanted to play as Vile in MMX right? There is a reason why the shovel exists, the game could not have existed if the character was a simply Vile rippoff with a gun or anything else. The shovel is a prop to avert your critical mind, and once you get this, you realize that Shovel Knight was created out of nessesity, and the only person being tricked was you.Below are my points, I urge you to hear me out, as a hardcore gaming fan, a fan of Megaman and Megaman X, Castlevania, Cave Story, the works, as well as someone who wants to like this game. Here we go.- Relics are mostly useless, with one being overpowered for movement purposes. But the problem that needs to be stressed is that they do not help you reach new areas or do anything new. Each stage has one relic, miss it, and you can just buy it in town. Each map becomes a chore, and almost all relics are in a room to the left clearly marked for you. Backtracking is pointless, since everything can be reached first time through. Each map is a wash rinse repeat requiring no new skills to advance. Moreover, there are no hard to find items or secret bosses or dungeons beyond the obvious in the entire game. The developers try to mend the above issue with relics by adding extra areas that require only that relic, but the reward for completing these stages is of course, gold, which brings me to my next point.- Gold is pointless and overly abundant as some reviewers have mentioned. You will buy everything you need early on. The only reason to gain more gold is to get an achievement. Combined with a lack of anything to buy in the first place, what was the point after all? How is it that the shovel, the icon of the game, does not end up contributing to any major discovery? This also severely damages the Dark Souls-esque death penalty, because gold never matters for the majority of the game.- Stages are NOT ""chock full"" of secrets. This point I cannot emphasize enough. Breakable walls are easy to find, and lead to nothing. Gold is pointless if found anyway, and you already know each stage has only one relic sitting there for the taking probabaly on the left and a music note. There is no mystery in this game or metroid style skips worth mentioning. The question of ""oh my god, can I get THERE without using THAT?"" will never come up unfortunately. No ""Ah-HA!"" moments either as you find a way to reach something previously hidden. Again, stages are the same practice over and over again. I had to seriously ask myself at the end, where are the secrets? There is nothing to be found, discovered, or challenged beyond the feats.- The game has no tricks, no advanced tactics or psudo ""builds"". The coolest thing you can do is throw out a coin, switch to propelor and reach it in order to infinitely pogo it and thus self generate a charge with the dynamo armor. A cool discovery I made, but useless and sadly, that's it. Without a dash, jump cancle-able attacks, double jumps, or anything fun, the game gives you no sense of artistic flow. It's jump and swing people, plus pogo.- Armor upgrades are mostly pointless, everyone uses the same ""best armor"".- Finding the notes for the song player was boring and pointless. Seeing him dance when you went back to town felt like an annoyance. Even more odd was the fact that teleports in the form of a catapult exist in two locations only so you can reach him, since there really isn't anything else to do in town for most of the game.- I beat all the bosses minus the last first try, including the mini bosses. This may be seen as a good point to some, putting it out there anyway.- Sprites look extremely good, but the character serve very little purpose. This leaves the characters feeling very hollow, and even worse is that the game purposely identifies with this. From the opening you get the idea that the game takes itself very non-seriously. Perhaps that's the only choice, when your character uses a shovel as a weapon, so while I cannot blame the developers for this issue, I recognize it as part of their trick. The game cannot take itself seriously.- Music by ""vert"" is just as superficial as the sprites. While songs sound like they belong to the era, they are not memorable and essentially hollow. Moreover, the tracks do not match the emotional tone of what actually happens in the game (perhaps because nothing DID happen). Each track sounds like a hard attempt to impress, using tracks or samples you would most certainly hear in other games, but amounting to very little. The OST will be remembered perhaps only slightly by some as a reminder of the game only.- The final area of the game was very underwhelming and short. I recall the final dungeon in Cave Story to fight Ballos. The song fit the emotion, you were reeling from already having beaten who you thought was the last boss, only to find the most exciting part of the game was yet to come. Of course, you could only get there if you did A, B, and C earlier in the game. You had a seemingly impossible dungeon and boss and a new gameplay mechanic. Nothing comes even close to this in Shovel Knight. It's bland and easy to the end.After getting to NG+, I played only a bit only to turn it off with a laugh. There was nothing to find, no secrets I could get that I couldn't before. I had already beaten most levels by destroying MOST of the check-points, why do it again in a mode that actually seemed easier? Have Steam achievements and ""feats"" become the norm by which to judge a game these days? Worst of all, the game has zero emotional value, no quotes worth hearing again. The only emotional hook was the dream of Shield Knight, which became annoying and stressful. Character development is non-existent, the game leaves you with no attachments, yet throws upbeat exciting tracks at you from big name ""vert"". The good points of Shovel Knight are superficial. Nice graphics, ""fitting music"", semi creative boss fights. To criticize the game just feels so wrong, but there's just nothing here. The game's value comes down to its title. A Knight with a shovel, get it? Well actually yes I do, and I may be the first to admit it. There is a reason why games have evolved, why Megaman turned X, why Castlevania turned Castleroid. The game tries to justify its inadequacies with a shovel, a gimmick. The developers have done it, found the perfect combination to slip past our better senses. I applaud them for that, the gaming heist of 2014 and the millions they made off it. Done."
,Not Recommended,250760,13746777,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,beans are so... unisex,shovel knight is a gross bearded dude in his mid to late twenties constantly reminding you that he loves old video games
76561198116259791,Not Recommended,250760,14147124,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,;u;,"THis game is a waste! its horrible and sucks. If you want a better adventure platformer game, i suggest you go spend a third of the 15 dollar price tag on a mario game. Do... Not... Buy. Ripoff....."
76561198296308915,Not Recommended,250760,28884195,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,RainbowWaffleRWT,Way too hard
,Not Recommended,250760,31264523,Posted: 20 April,all,Collin,"The visuals and music where nice and the boss fights where enjoyable but everything else was dissapointing. i found the biggest weakness was the controlls, while they where simple in concept, shovel knight never moved quite as i wanted. and when each level is just platforming that becomes a problem. i would have liked a focus less on platforming and more on fighting enemies. the most fun i had while playing this game was the hall of heroes and the boss rush at the end. but even while dealing with any aspect of the game i did not like i always enjoyed the music! if you pass on the game thats fine but id still look into the ost.Note: this is a review of shovel knight's campain. suposedly the other two storys are much better but after dealing with shovel knight i couldent be bothered."
,Not Recommended,250760,12236485,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Interference,"A lot of folk swear by this game, and I can understand it's appeal, but it's just not for me.The art and music are amazing, but what utterly ruins it for me is the gameplay: insta-deaths, checkpoints you can accidentally shatter and render useless, floaty and imprecise jumps despite the precision platforming, A BLOODY ICE LEVEL... It all just adds up into an intensely infuriating mess that despite trying to be nostalgic manages to fall foul of issues even the period it's trying to emulate had stopped doing.To top all that off, for some reason there are some serious performance issues on my rig, too. Baffling, weird performance issues. For example: the entire game runs in slow motion if you have v-sync turned on. The logical step would be to turn it off, right? That DOES make the game run at the right speed, but for some reason makes certain jumps impossible and makes navigating the map screen bizzarely juddery."
76561198006967152,Not Recommended,250760,23106158,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Überguy,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░ Never got past Wind Knight's fortress.░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ▄Shovel Knight▄░░░░░░
76561198268302320,Not Recommended,250760,30259505,Posted: 1 March,all,Sleepyreaper,honestly dying in this game is a relief
76561198181923155,Not Recommended,250760,30493173,Posted: 13 March,all,wotb,"A great game that is rendered near unplayable by terrible level design. If you enjoy replaying the same jumping puzzle 20 times in a row because you didn't make a pixel perfect jump and the checkpoints are miles apart, then this is the game for you."
76561198143783697,Not Recommended,250760,12885580,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ISeeTheSorrow,"This game got so hyped that I expected it to be good with its unique premise and all, even great perhaps but instantly began finding it annoying.GAMEPLAY Very subparYou get into the game and the game doesn't tell you how to play(which I found really annoying after people go on about how it tells you how to play as you go along). This seems to be a trend among modern games because they think its somehow clever, regardless of application. It works in some games, everyone knows to run around with arrows or look around with a mouse, or to attack the skeletons and dodge the lasers. Generally arrow keys are movement in arcade games with other keys like Z and X used for attacking, WASD usually for games that use a mouse. This game uses WASD default, which didn't take long to figure out but then how do you attack? oh you just use J, a button I don't think I have used in any game that isn't a text game. When you do attack holy crap do you attack slow, every time I press the attack button I have enough time to make a sandwich before the animation kicks in, this is particularly annoying when I got to the first boss. What a prick this fight was, he is basically you with 3x the health, an extra attack, and knows how to play.By the way when you die you lose money, this is really rewarding because it makes you feel like you have wasted your time. Some would argue it forces you to get better, but again, this isn't true of every application, it's just a hindrance, especially if it makes my brain cloud with the thought of not dying every time I move. Rogue Legacy was great with this, and also executed the downstrikes better. I also keep finding some kind of potions that max out at 30 that I have no idea how to use, they kind of seem like mana potions but I have no spells so why give me them. Chests are filled with the same loot you get from creatures, as are sub-boss drops, and secrets(to a very close degree).I talked to a fish at a lake for an item and I thought the game was broken, the animation went on FOREVER, possibly on of the longest 'in game' animations I have ever seen, and it didn't help that it was really not compelling, even if you could just walk away when it was happening. Some platforms are so skinny it's silly especially early in game. Hit box is tiny, but enemies seem to have good reach. Achievements are ludicrous. Checkpoints are uneventful, I didn't even know they were checkpoints until the boss killed me. No idea whats going on with the inventory. I actually spend a good portion of my money(and a lot of waiting time) getting a healing potion, I found out this is one use(or seems to be) until I go and refill it again, and that it can be used automatically if you accidentally hit  keys too fast. There's a really lame target hitting minigame hidden under the first town.Stupidest shop ever, to upgrade you have to talk to either of 2 merchants, who require the EXACT same item, and you have to purchase this from a third character, why not just have 1 for all 3?. The rest of the shopping is needlessly downstairs, no items are of much interest, or seem more interesting than they actually are.Bunch of buildings that you can't interact with. Levels are pretty samey all the way to the boss. Even the name enter screen doesn't automatically go to 'end' when you mash down, which by the way used the arrow controls even though the game is WASD. Everything moves faster than you. Monsters respawn but environment does not. Sometimes treasure just falls into pits, why would you want that, it's like you intentionally want to make people not feel rewarded. A sprint button could have been nice since he runs and jumps like Professor X.The game was tagged as metroidvania but it doesn't feel like it qualifies at all. Exploration doesn't feel very free, you can choose which level to play but it's more like Mario than Castlevania, your weapon is barely used for exploration sans the hitting blocks done in every other game, there aren't multiple ways to get around like wall jumping, sequence beaking doesn't really exist even in level selection since you must beat particular bosses to progress, pits are bottomless, low ceiling, no clever ability foreshadowing, no maps. This game is not metroidvania.CONCEPT UnrealizedI was so disapointed after what sounded like a good idea on paper was not executed very grandly. For someone with a shovel you do not dig very much. Digging in this game is basically either scrapping a pile of gems, or knocking a wall out of the way. With such a premise I would have thought it to be essential to gameplay, that you could dig up all kinds of exciting treasures, sure gems, but maybe new weapons or key items, maybe some blocks require a higher level shovel, maybe you have a garden to manage, maybe dig trenches to redirect water flow, maybe instead of hitting enemies you flick them up, maybe you need to bury treasures, maybe your enemies are earth elementals, nope none of this. Just a generic attack. This game should be called pogo knight.As for the plot it's pretty standard, I was mildly intrigued by the Shield Knight who feels like they will be a penultimate boss of some kind, and the idea of knight who lives this way but everything is very bland. Some NPCs had potential to be interesting but it didn't seem to be going anywhere. There's a girl that asks you to play with her and you find you can hit the ring she is tossing around but it does nothing. You prove to one guy you are the shovel knight he gets excited ooh what is he going to give me??? nothing, no item, no info, nothing. Hey theres some animal people I bet they have something interesting to say about how they- nope. Woah a gold knight he be really important to- nope.VISUALS More dated than emulated gamesThis game is really tough to look at full screen, if it were static maybe it wouldn't be so bad but it's a game, things move. I understand pixel graphics are cheaper and that give a surprising amount of people a heart beat in their trousers, but it really does strain the eyes, more so the more active it gets. It's kind of like watching a TV show and deciding to put your nose against the glass. Menus are exceedingly plain even for an older styled game. The intro cinematic was oddly slow, I feel like it was done for nostalgia but was still annoying(old =/= good).MUSIC MutedSeems kind of cool for about a minute but then gets old REALLY fast, like someone playing a toy keyboard through the amplifiers in the opening sequence of Back To The Future. I actually adjusted my speakers several times, not just once, several times, even quiet wasn't quiet enough. And it just loops forever, never changing dynamics or doing anything musically interesting, thematic or otherwise. New songs can be unlocked  and only listened to in one spot, a spot with nothing else of interest happening, couldn't get into any of them. Within 20 minutes I muted the game. The song collecting could have at least been an interesting idea had ACIV and MSG4 having already done it(and doing it a lot better).Waste of $20 for a clunky infuriating game that doesn't know what it wants to be or accomplish. Every game I have gotten for under $10 have been far better and I would rather play a Kongregate game or Freecell. I feel like a lot of people pretend to like this game because other Youtube gamers have commented on it positively. Your money is better used if you lay it out flat on the ground and unleashing your bladder over it, then leaving it to fester into a nice butter, though the odour be powerful, it will be no match for how much this game stinks. Not only can I not think of anything it done even slightly better than any other game in any regard, I can't think of anything it didn't do worse than most games. Shovel it into the recycle bin."
76561197964070987,Not Recommended,250760,30538088,Posted: 16 March,all,Sinzar,"I bought this but then refunded it soon after. Instant death mechanics are all over the place, and as soon as I got to a stage where you had to do a bunch of jumps over instant death pits while the screen goes absolutely pitch black, I said nope and uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,250760,13652916,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,pango,"- Devs told everyone it wouldn't be in holiday sale in order to get them to buy it full price and then put it in holiday sale anyway. (http://imgur.com/a/rVud9)- The pixel grid that the sprites move on is a higher resolution than the visible pixel grid the sprites are drawn with. If you're going to do retro, do it right.- Stupidly confusing menu:press enter-> menu appearspress down to select options.press enter-> options are enteredpress down to select controls.press enter->menu closes.um. what?- Colletable blue potions with a cap of 30 that you can't use. um, what?- The downward strike (pressing down plus attack while falling), which you need to do fairly often to progress is maddeningly inconsistent. Sometimes it works, most times it doesn't.I cannot recommend this game at all. It's flawed even as a $5 title.edit: Downward strike is just press down, not down plus attack which is where I was going wrong and the blue potions are for your magic powers of which you have none at the start. This makes the game a lot better but I'm still marking it down for the menu problem, the pixel grid and mainly for not having a manual or tutorial or even just an info screen on the main menu showing you how to play.another edit: there is a manual linked from the store page actually. If I could move the review to neutral I would. At the moment I'd say it would be worth it at $5."
,Not Recommended,250760,23812262,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[edgy] Existence,Boring unoriginal overated platformer which is probably praised by people who enjoy the cliche retro style gameplay that was featured on the nintendo it does nothing to innovate it's plain and simple you have a shovel and you can jump generic as can be. - your cat
,Not Recommended,250760,12617366,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Flats,"It's a good game, by all means, but it's ridiculous almost always. But hey, if you want an annoyingly difficult regurditation of games that used to be good, this may be perfect for you.I get the nostalgia philosophy, but it simply doesn't automatically make the game perfect. The jumping is the worst I can say with the controls, other than being forced to pause your game to select another weapon (Which I realize isn't a problem in the Nintendo releases)The game starts out almost childishly easy, too simple it's boring. about 3-4 levels later, and the dificulty setting is turned to ♥♥♥♥TON TIMES A MILLION, which turned this into a complete trainwreck for me.It decideds to go from annoyingly easy, to annoyingly hard, within the span of two play sessions.And yes, it is one of those games that will make you want to punch your computer out of frustration.And don't even get me started with that floaty♥♥♥♥♥♥you call a jump."
,Not Recommended,250760,30404908,Posted: 9 March,all,Rook,"Too slow-moving, and too easy.  Shovel Knight had potential, but it is not required playing.Update: I played through the Specter of Torment expansion, and while I enjoyed it more than the base game, my primary complaints still hold.  The tower challenge was the only part I found at all difficult, possibly because of the main character's glacial movement speed.  On the other hand, that character's mechanics are interesting to use, just as Plague Knight's were in the Plague of Shadows campaign (which is sadly not worth playing because the levels from the base game are mostly unchanged)."
,Not Recommended,250760,12769475,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Domazon,"The game is great, in that a lot of effort has been put into it.... but it is not an easy game. Difficulty levels would have been an excellent idea.Upon death, you drop 25% of the gold you are carrying. If you can reach your gold, you can get it all back... but if you die on the way back to your gold, not only do you lose that last set of gold, but you also drop another 25% of the gold you have left.The levels are pretty long, with checkpoints in them... but the game does not save at the checkpoint. You have to complete that entire section of the map (level) before the game will save.I have enabled a cheat just so I can play this game and not feel like I have wasted my money.Pity really... the above things aside, it is a brilliant game..."
76561198042453859,Not Recommended,250760,13456109,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tim,"Only got to Spectre Knight (second or third boss) before quitting.  The game could be fun, but the levels and bosses are just annoying.  I'm fine with difficulty, but I want fair difficulty.  I don't want the level to go completely black so that I have to make my way through blind, and I don't want undodgeable moves and boss fights that I have to memorize in order to beat.  I didn't buy this game for 2d Dark Souls, I bought it for 2d Mario with modern mechanics.  I bought this game to have fun.  Evidently, I bought the wrong game."
76561198049007283,Not Recommended,250760,11382972,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,chopperface,"so this game. it has a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥from past games, and that s all great. the music, the story, all fine. even the stage ideas are great. so why do i not recommend this game?instant♥♥♥♥INGdeaththe stages, while good in concept, have way, WAY too many instant death traps. i literally ony died ONCE to an enemy that wasn't a boss or mini boss. ONCE. every single other ♥♥♥♥ing time, i died because of instant death traps. the enemies arent even difficult, their only purpose is to knock you into instant death. this makes the game too frustrating to enjoy, for you dont think ""oh, what was a fun stage"" when you beat it. you think ""♥♥♥♥ing FINALLY i dont have to do that anymore"". there is a great game in here, but it need refinement, and a major overhaul of the stage designs."
76561198114787753,Not Recommended,250760,13292134,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,D Dodge Silver,"I just cant reccomend this game.Its just not good.Pros-Calls back to the past-Decent enough GraphicsCons-Character is way too heavy-Cheap Enemy placement-Bugs-Lag-Fifteen Dollars for an indie game-Nothing in gameplay is original, its taken from what it is ""Inspired From""-OW MY EARS THAT MUSIC-Way too short and has no replayability"
76561198080333264,Not Recommended,250760,11199408,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Bomblast - Remover of Kebab,"This game is not worth 15 euro's and its second halve is no way as good as the first half. so you are looking at 3,5 hours of goodgame design and aboyt 4 hours of terrible frustation and lameness so dont buy it"
,Not Recommended,250760,11088395,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Gorthrongulax,"This game was *almost* fun to play, with some very good boss fights, but after getting through 3/4 of it, the boring failure iteration loop was eating up far too much of its gameplay. Essentially, if you fail in your platforming, you die instantly. Normally, not a big deal, but Shovel Knight doesn't work in platforming design concepts to make this feel like a good part of the game.The controls feel unpolished and slow (how many good platformers have a problem with either of those?) After learning the controls over a couple of hours, you don't so much build expertise around the character's movement (as you would in IWBTG, Meatboy, Rogue Legacy), you just learn to avoid certain warts in your character's movement patterns.The inconsistent difficulty between checkpoints was frequently painful, since dying just before the next checkpoint meant replaying really trivial rooms as punishment. I don't mind an iteration loop of a few minutes, but FOR ALL THAT IS HOLY make those minutes interesting. Don't punish death with tedium. Good games either make the replayed areas difficult and fun to execute (great platformers do this), randomly generate some of their content, or give the player some minor reward for replaying them. Here's a weird suggestion: ""be less punishing of failure, you know, like Dark Souls or IWBTG.""All of this stuff about platforming means the RPG elements around attacks, HP and MP upgrades felt tacked on, since they didn't affect platforming in the slightest, even though they were useful for boss fights.That said, there were some particularly fun and clever parts to this game - the exploration and hidden rooms were well done, and led to a lot of great risk vs reward decisions. The platforming puzzles (how do I get up there?) were great - so long as the happened right after a checkpoint. I really liked the down attack bounce, and the various clever ways the rooms played with it. Unfortunately all of these things would shine so much brighter in a game with more frequent checkpoints, or less punishment around platforming failure.If you don't mind randomly generated levels, I'd definitely recommend Rogue Legacy over Shovel Knight. It's proof that a tribute to metroidvanias of yore can still incorporate more modern lessons in game design (no tedium, tough is fine if you're fair, controls are super important)."
76561198050796350,Not Recommended,250760,11082299,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ZP,"I was really disappointed when I played because everyone said that this game was an amazing original indie game. Well that's not true, not even close to a good super meat boy or braid or the first Casltevania...Yes this game really brings the nostalgia from the old NES games, that's true. But that doesn't make a good game at all, it's not enough. They just used some very good ideas from old games like Mario 3, Duck tales... But at the end this is just to make the fans and the nostalgic people happy, it doesn't do anything good during the game.The gameplay is not good at all, Shovel Knight is really ""heavy"", we can't move him really well, can't really understand how he is moving and he jumps way too high compared to how far he can jump, which is confusing you. The relics (items that you can use with your shovel) are sooo classic that it's really annoying to see them in a game like that, you can be invincible, do a dash, throw fireballs... Just boring, nothing original. The game is also really easy, checkpoints everywhere, you can just farm gold to get good relics or a lot of health and mana, the challenge just doesn't exist. Even with the bosses where you just have to keep hitting them like crazy without dodging anything, for example I did half of the bosses without dying one time, first try!  It's always EXACTLY the same, it got really really boring, I wanted to see some changes, but no, just the same boring easy levels. Yes sometimes the level was in the water or was playing with the lights... But is it enough to make the level interesting and not boring? Not at all.The game was really short, I finished it in 8 hours in almost 100%, nothing was really hidden, everything was easy to find, just have to break walls or being a tiny bit smart.The music is good, but nothing more honestly, it's  just kinda of cheap a music, it's not as fancy as Castlevania, Megaman or Zelda music, just a quite good 8bits music...I finished the game and I was really disppointed, I was expecting a good original platformer with references to a lot of old games, this was a bad platformer, please, don't compare this game to a good old Castlevania or Megman, ever"
76561198087656987,Not Recommended,250760,11828248,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,mr. b,"This game borrows quite a bit from 8-bit classics, which would be good, however, it also borrows cheap level design. Though platforming handles quite well, combat is awkward, and bosses have much more health than needed."
,Not Recommended,250760,31110190,Posted: 12 April,all,Final Dandy,A highly unrealistic feudal horticulture experience. Do not fall for its promises of precious metals.
,Not Recommended,250760,30286251,Posted: 2 March,all,[h+],Price increased.
,Not Recommended,250760,11008243,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dracasis,"Shovel Knight is a neat little retro puzzle platformer and there's nothing wrong with it, its responsive casual and would work well on its own 20 years ago. Unfortunately what makes it retro also makes it fairly boring. The game is very samey and, two hours in, I just got bored of it. There was a ton of potential to enhance the genre but it hasn't got the interest and intrigue of real story nor the humor of a good parody. The controls are ultra simple and don't lend to letting you do anything you feel accomplished in pulling off either. This may very well change further down the line but if the game can't hold my interest past two hours there's something amiss.I really wanted to like the game, bought it early and put it on the top of my list despite emptying my wallet to the steam sale but turned it off feeling disappointed. I'll probably pick it up again later after I've gotten some of my backlog played but it went from top of my list to 'maybe I'll finish it some day' real quick. When you can pick it up for under $5 it'll prolly be worth it but I don't think it meets the $15 retail."
76561198117999272,Not Recommended,250760,11944945,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,RagingTempest141,"This game is amazingly frustrating and difficult,whereas in most games like this they start of relatively easy and get more difficult as you go along,this game just throws you straight into the frustating moments,by allowing enemies to knock you back when they hit you so if your on a safe platform and an enemy comes along he will hit you of the platform,you also slide a little bit when you jump so when you try to land on a one block platform it is virtually impossible to stay on the platform.Its a shame this lets it down because the art style,the soundtrack and the  times where you get to go to a town that  you can buy new armours and items from are amazing but the entire point of the game isnt to buy new items and listen to cool music its to play through the different themed levels,and those levels let this game down"
76561198028228798,Not Recommended,250760,11779992,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Ross,fun at first. then it just becomes rage inducing with the controls sometimes just stop working for no reason.
76561198268382507,Not Recommended,250760,29358576,Posted: 19 January,all,Lquid sXoop hellcase.com,Can you do please a bank employee i lost ol my money why i fall into zhe dark
,Not Recommended,250760,11063365,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Douchlas,"Many places where the challenge is, its just Trail and Error.You simply can't play a stage thinking you wont die alot.And in some rooms you have to learn the room.This is litterly another version of the AVGN game.Its just suppose to be hard for the sake of being hard.Which is not a good design of any type of game.A Game could be hard, but fun to execute.I Do not recommend this for any gamer who wants to suffer through trail and error.But if you enjoy Trail and Error, be my guest. Its your type of game.Everyone else who wants a challenge but not being punished by bad game design. Do not buy this."
76561198067004494,Not Recommended,250760,11238933,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,OmniRage,"The game... it is a GREAT game, my ONLY gripe with it is the ending....SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERSPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERSPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERIt ends with Shovel Knight being gravely injured, Sheild Knight holding back the evil power of the amulet as the tower is colapsing, and Black Knight dragging Shovel Knight to saftey and leaves him at his usual camp site. After the credits role and it shows all the characters it shows Sheild knight, also gravely injured lay down next to Shovel Knight....... WHAT THE HECK HAPPENS??? Do they live? Do They Die? Does One Die And The Other Live?? WHAT HAPPENS????? It just fades to black after Sheild Knight lays down with an unmoving Shovel Knight.SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERSPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERSPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER"
76561198252680544,Not Recommended,250760,23645282,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,kennkodysz,I HATE IT IT IS HARD AND CRUDDY AND RUBBISH DONT BUY IT
,Not Recommended,250760,23813973,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TheCopaCabana,trash
,Not Recommended,250760,11138324,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Your Favorite Waifu™,"Dont believe the hype, I have played 2 hours of this game already and dispite the name being Shovel KNIGHT(!!!) all of the levels but one took place durning the day. Not happy with my purcahse."
,Not Recommended,250760,30972292,Posted: 5 April,all,🅱,>Make DLC>Include it>raise the priceWhat were they thinking?*rubs hands*
,Not Recommended,250760,13594227,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ＳＷＥＧ彼女,Controls like a dream and the ending made me cri.0/10 pirate it
,Not Recommended,250760,34825794,Posted: 8 September,all,lrmck73,I HATE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,250760,34706038,Posted: 3 September,all,AANickFan,Incredibly bad! It only serves as a nostalgia fix. Do not purchase. It's retro for the sake of being retro. That's the only redeeming quality of this game.
,Not Recommended,250760,12143250,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,EXtraDonut,I was 2 years old when this released it is old.
76561198100483887,Not Recommended,250760,31683575,Posted: 11 May,all,Illbean,"Got past the first boss, then ran through town, can't progress cuz i can't enter anything since it requires me to use a co-op mode which i can't seem to turn off without looking up guides on the internet which is absolutley f***ing absurd!! I can't play the game that i've payed 22EU for!!The controls were horrible and i wasn't barely able to make them work for myself when i edited them as first didn't allow me to acces the freaking menu. Worst game i've seen in my entire life, and i've played♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of trash flash games on the web. Gonna demand a refund for this crap.giving it a 1/10 (the graphics look neat)"
76561198226577632,Not Recommended,250760,28690287,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,{EDGY}Cheese,q
76561197993392850,Not Recommended,250760,28629441,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Joe Pesci,No mouse support in the menus or game itself; a controller is required.As you start a game you are presented a keyboard where you must name something. The keyboard is in alphabetical order instead of QWERTY order. You cannot click this keyboard of abomination because there is no mouse support. You cannot just type letter with your actual keyboard because...reasons I presume. You must use your arrow keys to move the cursor to the correct letter and press a key.
76561198130007670,Not Recommended,250760,26452647,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,a moderately moist potato chip,copy of minecraft cuz minecraft invented shovelsedit note: stop comments mean stuff or ill ban u
,Not Recommended,250760,28513748,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Rowboatsalot,"don't buy this, the developers are scum"
,Not Recommended,250760,10854048,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,"Pete, King of the Detectives","Shovelware KnightAlright guys so here's the new game everyone's talking about! It's a 2-D platformer... and it has a retro aesthetic... and the music is chiptu-Unfortunately, it looks like the devs of this game wanted to remake their favorite NES games but didn't realize why their favorite NES games were good! So they took the character from Ducktales, the levels from Mega Man, the world map from Mario, and the subweapons from Castlevania... and they crossed their fingers and hoped that people would buy the game! The thing is... they forgot to add the challenge or fun! I don't have to worry about dodging enemies or obstacles because 1) I can take 50 hits before I die and 2) there aren't any lives! Why shouldn't I just run blindly ahead when there's no penalty for acting like an idiot? And don't forget about those great boss fights! I guess the devs didn't like the simplicity of the Mega Man bosses because their bosses have so many attacks that the best strategy is to just run at them and attack them until they die!  Gamers complain about lack of originality in first person shooters and then turn around and defend games like this!Taster's score: C-"
,Not Recommended,250760,30266401,Posted: 1 March,all,Desmond,"It's hard to believe that anyone is still making platform games but here we have another to compete in the already busy market place. Nothing unusual in this version, a Middle Ages dungeons and dragons theme — yawn!May appeal to the older crowd who remember this type of game from the 1980's.Yawn - 1 Star"
,Not Recommended,250760,10941897,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,barbazu,"Not being a usually user of these games is a drawback. Lot of patience until you get used to the controls and you'd better begin again as you will have lost some precious gold during the learing period that will increase the diffuculty of the game. That is a mistake under my view. Games should be more easy if you are a less proficient player. If you have patience for a hard learning curve, it will reward you. However, not everybody has the same patience. I'd rather enjoy games from the very first second."
,Not Recommended,250760,10923789,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ron7email-*****,I don't understand why this is getting good reviews.  Just plain frustrating.  Getting almost to a save point and then dying and going back to the start.  How is that fun.  And then it wouldn't save correctly and I had to replay most of the game.Not a very good platformer or a very good puzzle game.  Simplistic puzzle game and frustrating controls.  Not fun to take a step backward and die and have to replay the last 5 minutes.
,Not Recommended,250760,11004353,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,simon_neil_scott,"As great as the game looks and plays, its again another example of an indie game designed to be hard."
,Not Recommended,250760,32709546,Posted: 23 June,all,unemployed black astronaut,"What could be said about shovel knight could be said about a lot of other games.Bad.First of all, shovels ARE not weapons and YES, I did see the game theory episode about how they could be used as weapons. Get off my case."
,Recommended,250760,30458901,Posted: 11 March,all,HWolf83,"This is honestly one of the single greatest games I've ever played. An absolute must own! It's more than just a retro throwback. Great soundtrack, polished and clever levels designs and a really well balance difficulty curve. This is 100% a skill based game. So if you're struggling, it's definitely not the game's fault. Just practice and you'll get the hang of it. The DLC content so far as has great and there's still much more on the way. Do yourselves a favor and buy this today!"
,Recommended,250760,11051355,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Decoy Octopus,"Old school platformer in the spirit of Capcom's Megaman and Duck tales with world map like Super Mario 3. The game sounds as good as it looks. All the classic 8 bit sounds are. Even the jump sound, hehe. Game plays really well with 360 pad. Jumping feels good and precise. This is now my favorite nes game. Get it fool!PS: Capcom, if you like money, bring Megaman 9 to Steam. But I guess you dont like money."
76561198049848640,Recommended,250760,11051585,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Vanderack,"Shovel Knight is a great game the entire way through. The Mega Man influences are definitely present and welcome. Shovel Knight is one of the better games this year with an achievement list that makes the 100% goal that much more challenging. Also, it has an amazing soundtrack."
76561198031606852,Recommended,250760,11052630,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,KillYouDed,A beautiful callback to the 8-bit era.  A wonderful soundtrack compliments every other aspect of the game. I like the soundtrack. Get this game. Dig it.
76561198090453746,Recommended,250760,11052828,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Archangel,"A fun little platformer with good humor. Also challenging at points, just like a classic Mega Man style game."
,Recommended,250760,11053744,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Martea,"Real fun game, take me back to the good old days, NG+ is a challange to!, strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,250760,11054387,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,NRG,"Dark Souls in NES world :) You will die, oh yes... You will die alot..."
76561198134831509,Recommended,250760,11054773,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Akamay,"From the little play time I've had so far, the game itself is amazing.The music is incredible, the controls are excelents and the dificulty is in that ""just right"" place: not too easy, not unfairly hard.Overall the game has a really good feel to it and it has a lot of charm.Full price it is completly worth it, whenever it's on sale this game is a must buy."
,Recommended,250760,11055597,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,redlohtan,"Easily the best platformers of this generation. Mechanics and story are both great, and it is just a blast to play."
76561198084181497,Recommended,250760,11056198,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Lill Lizzert,"The best retro game in ages! It's got great gameplay, just the right dufficulty, and has the amazing 8-bit feeling we all love. In my opinion it's worth double the bucks and more content will be released in the future.Seriously, why are you still here? GO! Go play this game already!"
,Recommended,250760,11056548,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,AethereBreather,"Fell in love with this game very quickly because it's a bit of an oddity. It's a simple retro throwback with all of the charm of the original 2D Action Platformers, but what really won my affection was Shovel Knight's attention to detail and atmosphere.It plays like colorful, humor-filled poetry.For example, what really stood out to me is that the game starts with a back drop setting and some short handed exposition about the character you play so we can jump in and get playing. However, The game isn't quite clear about what happened to a lost friend of the Shovel Knight, only that he lost her. At select segments of the game, you dream of her falling and fight to catch her, and this is all done by you, the player. It's beautiful to see a game describe a character's emotional state and motivations through gameplay. I understand and can sympathize with the Shovel Knight's loss because I'm walking in his shoes. Other mediums don't have that potential. And for that matter, a lot of games we play don't deal with the subject of loss as maturely as it's handled here.Gameplay is tight and varied. The ""Shovel Blade"" is an excellent weapon and tool for both exploration and combat. The humor is genuine and light-hearted. The color palet and designs are a delicious feast for the eyes. Sometimes I stop and stand just to take in the back drops. The soundtrack is amazing. I've been listening to it for days. And it's all 8-bit too... have you bought this freakin' game yet?"
,Recommended,250760,11019621,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mast3r_0f_Pip3ts,10/10 would shovel again.
76561198096103217,Recommended,250760,19061967,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,nioo,"This is a great game made my great developers, however i must follow this with if you are like me and have problems judging distance in 2D games do not get this it will not be an enjoyable experiance for you.  In about an hour i have yet to beat king knight which is a very early boss not because the enemies are overly difficult but because it had tricky jumps that i just wasn't able to make. I am going to recommend this game because it is a great game and most people do not have this problem but for thise of you who do please put what i said to mind when considering this purchas."
,Recommended,250760,19135557,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,{dain},"The only negitave reviews i've seen of the game so far are ""it's too easy"" and ""its too hard"". So, seriously, if you like sidescrollers at all, you owe it to yourself to play one of the most perfect among them.If you think it's too easy, do a challange run, dont use challaces or the invincibility locket.  Maybe even break the checkpoints and get some extra gold out of it.If you think it's too hard, be sure to fill up your challaces and get the not-so-secret invincibility locket.  If you end up missing it, you can buy it in the first town down the latter and in the right room.  Talk to the guy on the far right."
76561197994777170,Recommended,250760,19210506,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,space madness,NES Castlevania and Megaman met up with Super Mario Bros 3 and this happened.  If you like anything about old action/RPG platformers then this is a good choice.* * * * *All hail the Troupple King!The King of Fruit and Fish! Long may his stem grow!
,Recommended,250760,19208163,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SuperNickyP,I love it but the linux version is unstable and keeps crashing.
,Recommended,250760,19208918,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Nickenab,Did you ever enjoy Megaman?Buy this game.Did you have Megaman?Then buy this game.
76561198091569355,Recommended,250760,16024541,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Gevogelte,"Amazing game. Decently challenging, very funny and gives you an amazing nostalgic feel. A must buy if you are a fan of retro platformers."
,Recommended,250760,18863303,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,brunomagri87,"Man, there's a mix of the classic megaman difficulty and gameplay with every good aspect of the old sidescrollers out there  that makes this game nostagically magic. If there's money on your pocket, I recommend that you first buy this game then you think in other less important things in your life, like eating."
,Recommended,250760,30592651,Posted: 18 March,all,Annie T. Mood,"A 2D action-platformer that actually does the ""8-bit"" aesthetic & sounds true to the term instead of just being ""inspired"" or getting 8-bit & 16-bit mixed up or whatever else many other indie games come up with when they mention ""pixel art"".Loads of gameplay elements in the game are taken from other NES games to make it its own thing.Controls stay true to the NES button scheme for the most part meaning there are only the directional buttons, start/select for pausing & going to the item-select screen, and the two face buttons for the usual platformer actions. There are two extra buttons for switching items on the spot without having to go to the item-select screen. Both controller play & keyboard work very well for the game especially since all controls are rebindable. Keyboard-play may give a slight more of an advantage however since the numerical keys are hotkeys for item selection all the way from(1)to(=).The game's actually just a basic but well-designed 2D platformer making use of the shovel-theme simplistically well whether it be used as a means of attacking or digging up various objects, usually currency, gold.There are unlimited lives and the only real punishments for death are dropping 25% of your earned gold where you died and restarting from a checkpoint. Like the soul retrieval mechanic in a FromSouls game, you can reacquire your gold, except dying in a weird spot can render them unreachable and dying again without reacquiring said gold obviously has those disappear.There are non-shovelry weapons & items that can be discovered and then purchased through exploration and regular progress. The weapons are ""Relics"" that use up a specific amount of magic per use. They're useful when used right but I rarely used them at all for actual combat since I always thought the shovel was enough to get me by.Health, magic, & shovel upgrades are the only things I purchased that I thought were well worth it. Some armor does good and some are double-edged swords so to speak. Aesthetically they just change the color of your armor.The game is somewhat non-linear where you can choose an unlocked stage on the world map to go through.The level designs are great if not just feeling over-extended sometimes. Each stage makes good use of the themed enemies & obstacles they have. They always start out simple and progressively get tougher as the stage progresses, usually showing the same enemies & obstacles the stage has but in a more difficult manner so you're familiar with how what works when you're introduced to the features again, like a subtle tutorial screen segueing to the actual test.There aren't any random instant-death moments or anything of the like and death is always the result the player. If a part looks tough that just means that a better preparation & approach need to be made. Plus, the only things that instantly kill are pitfalls, spikes, lava, and that wall/ceiling/floor crushing/pressing thing.Checkpoints are pretty numerous already and you can destroy them for extra gold if you're feeling confident. There's always a checkpoint right before the boss screen, too.Each boss is unique with them usually having two phases in a fight depending on how low their health has dropped. Their difficulty fluctuates a bit when it comes to their placement on the map. For example, geographically, the first and last regular boss I found are the easiest to deal with while a small few in between are just more annoying than difficult. Some bosses are a cakewalk, especially when learned, and a few are overly defensive so to speak.A regular playthrough is 6-8 hours long and compared to many other NES games it's really only somewhat difficult. There are lots of optional stages, secret paths, and hidden collectibles all throughout. There's a New Game + where all upgrades & purchases carry over and the difficulty is increased by having enemies hit a bit harder, health pick-ups are more scarce, and there are only 1-2 checkpoints in a stage. There are even cheat codes you can enter on the ""Register Your Name"" screen though each save file can only have one cheat code implemented for the rest of that file's existence.There may be a few too many frames on some animations but the game does well at looking & sounding like an 8-bit game in the modern day. It's a pretty good game."
76561198078415961,Recommended,250760,19025710,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,I.C. Weiner,"Much shovel, such knight. In all seriousness this is the best platformer I have ever played and I highly recommend you give it a shot."
76561198173250161,Recommended,250760,19020625,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Zulky,All Hail the great Troupple King!*Ceremonial Dance*
76561198115779454,Recommended,250760,18901765,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,JavaSuave,This is my favorite ♥♥♥♥ing game. EVER. NO COMPETITION.
,Recommended,250760,18901935,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SSOROBO,"As far as the world of 2D platformers is concerned, Shovel Knight didn't re-invent the wheel. It is, however, a damn good wheel."
,Recommended,250760,18900499,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,WalkNiebs,BUY
,Recommended,250760,18851706,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,"Lv. 91 Buntd,/BEEDRILL♂","Pixel art, amazing music, puns galore, and tons of shovel action.10/10"
,Recommended,250760,18856952,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,☆Srb2wadlord☆,"Retro-like platformer with amazing music, great level design and fun boss battles. Even the story is good!"
76561198178992193,Recommended,250760,18946226,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Average Joe,Please raise your hand if you don't like this game. Nobody? I totally guessed it.
,Recommended,250760,18938408,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,TintinTim,It's unbelivable how great this game is. It's without doubt one of the best games of 2014. The Free DLC Plague of Shadows is also unbelivable great.9/10
,Recommended,250760,19003755,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Dann,10/10. 10/10. 100/100. Best game. Best game.
76561198050379221,Recommended,250760,18971994,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,rotslayer,"This game is super fun, well designed, has tight controls, and equally importantly is neither too easy nor too difficult. Something like Ducktails meets Megaman they say. I played through the game as Shovel Knight and it was awesome. Then some months later Plague Knight became an option and he was even more fun to play as than ol' Shovely.Don't waste your time reading other in-depth reviews. Pledge your loyalty to me and just buy this game."
,Recommended,250760,19040201,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Louis CK,i died
76561197981929135,Recommended,250760,11132018,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RedSnowMan,Megaman with a shovel. 10/10
76561198002537696,Recommended,250760,11132659,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[F42FC] Arty of the Abyss,"A fantastic game! It tickles the nostalgia bone in all the right places with tight gameplay, pleasing visuals and a beautiful soundtrack. Its melding of retro gameplay and modern game mechanics makes this something truly special. I'm not gonna lie, I pirated this game initially to try it out. I immedietely paid the asking price after completing the first stage, as this one is totally worth every penny. For shovelry!"
76561197976764001,Recommended,250760,11133586,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mus,Bounced on a hoop for a while and got an achievement.11/10
76561198039202626,Recommended,250760,11134079,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Leutinator,"I'm going to write this review in english even if i'm german so more people can understand iti hope so :PAfter spending nearly 3 hours in Shovel Knight i have to say: This game is so nice and funny!3 bosses got shoveled to death.I started playing and was surprised that i had no problems to use my ps3-controller in this game (very nice!)The gameplay is quite intuitive, after 2 minutes of playing you don't think about the keys that you have to press anymore.In my opinion the game itself is quite challenging. I killed no boss at the first try but mostly just because of my own mistakes.I repeated some levels to gain access to hidden areas or just to check if i missed something.In every level there are many things to discover.While playing Shovel Knight i felt remembered to the good old times with my old Gameboy or SNES.So i can just recommend everybody who likes this kind of games to buy Shovel Knight. It's very nice and every cent worth"
,Recommended,250760,11128656,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,DaleFu,"Who would have thought one of the best NES games would come out in 2014!?  But seriously, if you have a sweet spot for games like Duck Tales, Mega Man, Darkwing Duck, Chip & Dale Rescue Rangers 1&2, Mario 3, etc, then this game is extremely easy to recommend.  Nostalgia aside, this game holds up on gameplay alone.  It takes the best of the old NES side scroller genre, with some modern design sensibilities.  Cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,250760,11134839,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,lecarl,This game is a honorable throwback.
,Recommended,250760,21341026,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[scrublord] zen133,You play as a Knight who carries (if you haven't guessed it) a SHOVEL.I like how some elements in the game ties in with your knight using his shovel.think of a difficult SNES platformer but with unlimited continues (which drains your gold everytime you die). but it is the good kind of challenging. boss fights are mostly skill based rather than depending on what abilities you unlocked.Everything in this game screams retro.much much fun.
,Recommended,250760,30433481,Posted: 10 March,all,TonkeyOverdrive,Probably one of the best platformers in recent years. I 100% reccomend this game.
76561198058848210,Recommended,250760,30435232,Posted: 10 March,all,Benevolent pineapple,"I'm not one for blind praise, but still... It's hard to find wrong to speak of Shovel Knight aside from scorn for the price hike.I'd especially recommend this to someone coming off of something like Dark souls, Undertale genocide, or really anything unfairly hard. It's hard in it's own right, but easy to get good at, and leaves one feeling rewarded for there efforts. Story is simple but engageing, NPCs are always good for a laugh, the art is pretty to look at, music is an auditory delight and theoverall delivery is perfect!9/10 - Challengeing but rarely frustrating, ontop of the perfect balance of style and substance."
,Recommended,250760,30439018,Posted: 10 March,all,Shaggy,Worth much more than $25.00Especially with that fantastic voice acting
76561197973329850,Recommended,250760,30439640,Posted: 10 March,all,ComfortablyBum,This game is Mario meets Castlevania meets Metroid and Mega Man. So lawesome.
76561198253924361,Recommended,250760,29535813,Posted: 27 January,all,RowZilla 42,platforming hell this game gave me nightmares waking up in a cold sweat after hearing the word auto scrolling but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the music was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome the game was the ultimate Challenge in whether or not I could beat It I spent many an hour grinding currency in King Knight's level and well plague Knight for those who played his levels you probably understand why I Flinch every time I see a plague doctor mask all in all this game was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome I suggest you play I'm going to go back to play Ninja Gaiden at least there I stand a chance enjoy your experience
76561198039870367,Recommended,250760,29532848,Posted: 27 January,all,BSpitz,"This game is great in every possible way. It's like a master class on old-school game design, with a sprinkling of modern day mechanics thrown in to get rid of some of the more unforgiving (and frankly anti-fun) aspects of older games. As I have played and replayed the Megaman Classic, X, Zero and ZX series more than I would care to admit, this game is a breath of fresh air. Get the game if you haven't already and are itching for some solid platforming action.Also, the free DLC makes this game one of the more complete packages I've played in years. With just the purchase of this game you get the base game, plus an extra charcter after you beat the game that comes complete with a unique story and movement mechanics. Same levels though, but the movement mechanics are so different that they feel new. After the completeion of each story, you unlock a challenge mode for the respective character. AND, sometime in spring, they are releasing another character with its own story mode and a co-op mode!"
,Recommended,250760,29532980,Posted: 27 January,all,Eneyx,"So, educated peoples who used to make games back in the day were trying to find ways to get good money and they were all like: ""What if we made a 2d platform game like Mega Man but it's about knights with odd weapons?""Shovel Knight is a game where you are a knight with a shovel looking to save his girlfriend so he can have a purpose in life again. Also it's supposed to be remniscent of a NES [Nintendo Entertainment System, if you don't know] game. It has semi-8bit graphics, chiptune music, and takes elements from many masterful NES games. Thus, if you are okay with NES platformers, then you will be okay if not super satisfied with this game. Also. THAT SOUNDTRACK. It's truly a wonder to behold. Also, if you like local multiplayer, the Wii U version has it already and the PC version will be getting it soon, so feel free to buy this if sometime in the future you feel like LAN partying it up with your friends. Do yourself a favor and buy this if you have not already and if you already have it, dude, why are you looking at reviews for a game you own when you could be playing it or doing literally anything else?TL;DR IT'S A LONG LOST GAME FROM THE NES NEVER RELEASED UNTIL NOW AND IF YOU LIKED THEM NES GAMES GO BUY THIS YOU'LL ENJOY IT"
76561198104945695,Recommended,250760,29529501,Posted: 27 January,all,Lucifer Senpai,"Shovel knight, a game I've spent way to much time on. This game is, in my opinion, one of the best games of the last 5 years.Pros:Hours of fun, and replay abilityAmazing sound trackController supportLow requirements (running it on a toshiba sattalite)Good storyComedyCons:There is a huge difficulty spike at one of the bossesNo online co-op (their adding offline co-op and I'd like to see that ported to online)Overall rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,250760,17239008,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ｂ　ｏ　ｎ　ｅ,"Do you like chivalry, shovels and pixels? Well, this is your game folk.Great MusicGreat ArtGreat GameplayGreat BossesGreat Shovels1000/10 would shove in my wallet"
76561198137200456,Recommended,250760,17242861,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ham,This game holds a similar resemblance and gameplay as Mega Man. It really brings out the nostalgia is me and I definetly reccomend this too any person who is a retro lover or just a for fun gamer. 8/10.
76561198108724857,Recommended,250760,17243204,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,pjmaster92,"If you have even the smallest interest in 2D action platformers, Shovel Knight is a ""MUST HAVE!"" This game has great personality, varied and fun level design, smooth character controls,  lots of secrets to find, an awesome soundtrack,  and many crazy awesome boss fights. The game is challenging enough for platformer veterans to enjoy, while never being too difficult for beginners. Shovel Knight is pretty short, I'd estimate about 5-8 hours for one's first playthough. But, those hours will be pure gaming bliss."
76561198007820763,Recommended,250760,17179083,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,jj1042,"Shovel Knight is one of, if not THE, best retro game I've ever played. The visuals call back to a time that I was not able to enjoy, but still hold up as a beatiful and well crafted. The sound is like a combination of all the best songs from old NES titles, mostly Megaman and Castlevania-like. Gameplay is admittedly better than the controls of the old NES games, but that's natural and not a bad thing in the slightest. It may come across as stiff for the first few minutes of the game, but as you get used to it you find that it's very precise, and tight. Shovel Knight never feels slippery or unresponsive in any section, and anytime you screw up, it's (mostly, excluding that old NES enemy placement) your fault.And now that all that's out of the way, it's time for the story. I saved this for last because it handles story like an NES game. Good amount at the beginning, hardly any in the middle, and a lot at the end. It begins with telling us about Shovel Knight's reputation, and his partner, Shield Knight. It then sets up Shovel Knight's reason behind the entire quest, then drops you in the game. Afterwards, it's purely gameplay and towns instead of story. Then at the end, the rest of the story comes along, which I won't spoil for you. Now, I do give this game a standing ovation for two things in the story; Shovel Knight's relationships with other knights, and a satisfying ending. (Stay after the credits! They're really short!) And to elaborate on the former, Shovel Knight's relationship with Black Knight is vastly expanded by the end.All in all, this is a game I will revisit again to accompish all the achevements, and sometimes for my amusement. If this had a one to ten rating scale, I would give it an eleven. A true must-buy game."
,Recommended,250760,17179612,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Scout,Nice little throwback with a short campaign and medium level difficulty. nice design and music.
76561198237126472,Recommended,250760,19298248,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,UltimateAMC,this game is a really great platformer if you love 2d platforming this is for you
76561198138856800,Recommended,250760,19274546,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,(OG)JOHN WICK,its super fun game
76561198116746391,Recommended,250760,19319047,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bill Clinton,HOLY SH#T! this game is awesome....BUY BUY BUY
76561198071598624,Recommended,250760,19319117,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Acidosis,"Personally i never particularly liked platformers, likely due to the fact that my underdeveloped liquified six-year-old brain thought Super Mario World was too hard and my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sanic game threw spikes out of nowhere whenever i accelerated to a controllable speed.I just couldn't wrap my slightly mentaly disabled head around what made a game nessasarily good on my own, and just flocked to Gamestop to get CoD like all the other hosts with brain-eating-money-stealing-ameboa infections.But fortunately for the sake of my remaining sanity and soul, one of my friends introduced me to this game.This game might as well as been Gabe ""♥♥♥♥ing-Our-Lord-And-Savior-And♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; Newel decending from the heavens and  using his almighty powers to bleach my brain of about seven years of Call of Duty.TL:DR;Playing this game saved me from being lost in the crowd of degenerate CoD fanboys that give dishonor to the label of being a ""Gamer"""
,Recommended,250760,19327497,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Christmas is a way of life,"Holy hot damn, probably the closest thing to perfection we're going to see in years.  Incredible platforming, godly soundtrack, surprisingly good writing, flawless controls, and it perfectly captures the aesthetic it takes inspiration from. If you've ever looked for a game that actually feels and plays like the classic NES games people won't shut up about, then you can stop looking because it's right here. Not only that, but you can play through the game as Plague Knight after you beat it once. Plague Knight plays completely differently from Shovel Knight, and has even more stuff to collect. 10/10, best game, best game."
76561198135248316,Recommended,250760,19325550,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bass Clefff,"I would try to take a break from the game only to have it egging back up in my mind to defeat that one stage. One of the best games I have played in my life, 10/10."
76561198083756961,Recommended,250760,19343768,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,HATMAN!,"A challenging platformer, where you play as a knight with a shovel. The game looks and plays like an old NES game, and the new Plague of Shadows campaign adds a lot of extra playtime. overall, i'd give it 9/10."
,Recommended,250760,19346024,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Pressure | tipofthehats,"This game is very fun, and is creative, with great music, level designs, and character designs. There is really one one issue. This game is hellishly difficult without a controller."
,Recommended,250760,19309978,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,upL33,"Picture a knight.. Now picture a shovel.. Finaly, add an epic game with well thought out designs and solid controls. Get this game, (especially if you have fond memories of playing an NES, SNES, or Sega Genesis.)"
,Recommended,250760,19340911,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Quantum Blade_ep,"Great 2D platformer. Good story, interesting mechanics. Hard to put down. Highly recommended. Has decent replay value as well. After beating it the first time you will unlock another character. Although you will be going over the same levels, the new characters have their own story, mechanics and areas of each level that were previously inacessable. Undoubtably the best platformer I've played in a very long time. Get it!"
76561198003084073,Recommended,250760,19387609,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Stevcorp,"Plays very much like a cross between Mega Man and Wonderboy. If either of those names mean anything to you, then this game is right up your alleyPro - Charming retro graphics. Fun. Trip down memory lane.Cons - Frustrating platformer. Don't play if you have high blood pressure."
,Recommended,250760,19370995,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Gaunt,"A very good platformer with an adorably cheesy story, especially in the plague of shadows campagn. The new campaign uses the same levels but radicly changes your characters move sets, make the entire thing a fresh experiance.They also almost manage to make the water level a good level."
,Recommended,250760,19468290,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ARC★Tailς [MKWii],I love this game! It's 8 bit sounds and graphics seem too real to me! They are amazing! I would reccomend this game to everyone!
,Recommended,250760,19514472,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,whiteout,"Great game. If you are a fan of the great platformers of the glorious (S)NES times, like Mega Man, Mario, Duck Tales, Donkey Kong and so many more, you will absolutely love this game.Awesome soundtrack and visuals complemented by tight level design and controls make for a supremely enjoyable experience.If you get this game (and you defintely should), you will be able to tell first hand what it means when a developer absolutely loves his work. All the little tidbits (e.g. the dancing sequences, Plague Knight's story etc) really brim with love. Wonderful game!"
,Recommended,250760,19526043,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,brute11k,Incredibly old-school and fine piece of video game mastery.
76561198258292489,Recommended,250760,19520943,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ocerinahero10,a great nod to the platformers of the 90's
76561198067351496,Recommended,250760,19392972,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,joshdhall8,"One of the best 2D platformers I've ever played, and I've played my fair share. Shovel knight is best described as the lovechild of Megaman and classic Castlevania, but it adds many original elements that give the game its own identity. The music alone is reason enough to own the game."
76561198069544501,Recommended,250760,19018380,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Totally Legit,"Definitely my current favorite game. It plays just like an old NES game, and looks the part. Stellar level design and backdrops despite 8-bit graphics. The characters are funny and charming, and the story is touching. It has a great level of difficulty on par with what you would expect from an NES game. All topped off with an amazing soundtrack that you *must* buy. Definitely more complex than meets the eye. Magic weapons add a whole new level of gameplay, not to mention the recent DLC where you play as *FREAKING PLAGUE KNIGHT*. New Game Plus adds a greater level of replayability. What a fun game. 10/10 Buy it now!"
,Recommended,250760,19441673,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,JackAnimator,Nice game.Super mario classic feel.
,Recommended,250760,19541256,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mr. Kiwi,"ESPAÑOLA pesar de tener 18 años, y no vivir de la manera que muchos vivieron la época de los 8bits, tengo que admitir, que mientras  todos mis compañeros tenían la novedosa PlayStation 2, yo tenía una NES (No era un chico popular :c)Habiendo dicho esto. Este juego me puede. Sentarse a jugarlo, y sentirme de nuevo un niño de 9 años; es algo que no tiene precio. El diseño de nivel, como avanza la dificultad según avanzas en el juego, la cantidad de posibilidades que te da para enfrentarte al mismo escenario (con los hechizos) y la simplicidad de la historia, hacen que sea uno de mis juegos favoritos. Tal vez por nostalgia, o porque es un juego excelente, o (lo más probable) por las dos cosas, de cualquier manera, lo adoro.Creo que este es un tema que se merece otro párrafo, porque es épica. La música... No se puede describir con palabras humanas. Lo más cercano que hay a esto es PERFECCIÓN, y le queda MUY chico. Ya no solo por el hecho de que es épica, y sea pegajosa, haciéndote quedar más de 30 minutos con el juego abierto sin hacer nada más que escucharla, es que encaja tan bien con los niveles que además de dar placer auditivo, le da sentido al escenario en el que te encontras.EXCELENTE. No hay otras palabra.PD.: No le hagan caso a las horas que tengo jugadas. Me lo bajé pirata, me lo pasé muchas veces, y cuando pude, me lo compré. Yacht Club Game se merece varios aplausos, y lo menos que puedo hacer es comprarles su obra maestra.ENGLISHAlthough I'm 18 years old, and I might not live the 8bits era like most of you did, I must admit that while everybody in my class had the new PlayStation 2, I had a NES (I wasn't a popular guy :c)With this said, this game has something special that I love. I feel like I'm 9 years old again every damn time I play this, and that's amazing.The level design, the difficult curve, the differents tipes of spells, and the simply, but lovely, story makes Shovel Night one of my favorites games. Maybe is the nostalgia I feel while I'm playing, maybe it's because this game it's perfection, or maybe both. Anyways, I love it.The music is... Outstanding. That's the nearest human word I can say to describe it. How it fits with the level, making the scenario you're playing in make sense, and at the same time gives aural pleasure. Once I left the game open for 30 minutes just to listen to the music.EXCELENT. I have no other words to describe it.PS.: Don't pay too much atention to my played time. I download it illegally. I've played lots of hours; and bought it as soon as I could. Yatch Game Club deserves it. USD$15 for a master piece is nothing. And sorry if I made some mistake in the English part :_D"
,Recommended,250760,18008269,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,God Tyson himself,cry like a baby/ 10
76561198110794614,Recommended,250760,18077372,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,The Good Dave,"Dear indie devs,Can you please stop making retro platformers now? Between Shovel Knight and Freedom Planet, retro platformers are as good as they're going to get. PLEASE try flooding Steam with something else now.Thanks,Dave"
76561198101401691,Recommended,250760,18076316,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,medfordscum,Is plays good! Me beat a level. Praise dat mother ♥♥♥♥ing SUN BREH   \ [T] /
,Recommended,250760,17974997,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ziehie,"I've only played the first level so far, but this game is one of the most amazing indie games I've ever played. Update: I just finished the game, I must say, I've never, never, said so much FML in my entire gaming career, but it was worth it. This is honestly the best Indie game on Steam."
76561198043742257,Recommended,250760,18069040,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,flameturtle500,Got♥♥♥♥♥kicked by Propeller KnightCame backKicked his♥♥♥♥♥with only one HP to spareYelled F*ck yeah B*tch Suck itFlipped off my monitor for 10 minutes10/10
,Recommended,250760,18069494,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Celsuco,"What an amazingly well done game. I'm really drawing a blank when I try to come up with stuff I didn't really enjoy here. The controls are really tight, the graphics are beautiful and the music is awesome. Really looking forward to playing the follow up expansion!"
76561198092447612,Recommended,250760,18068749,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Gamerlovania,"Come on, he's got a freaking SHOVEL. And he bounces on the heads of his enemies to kill them. THERE'S EVEN A FROG THAT MAKES PUNS! Buy it, now!"
,Recommended,250760,18048565,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,JoshyAtHeart,"Everything about this game is memorable. From every character, to every scene, to every note in the soundtrack, this game is astonishing. It leaves me wanting to find more games just like it. New Game+ provides a more difficult challenge that will test every skill you've learned."
,Recommended,250760,30532276,Posted: 15 March,all,Aedriel,This game is flawless from head to toe. Can't wait for Specter of Torment!
76561198134151572,Recommended,250760,18069803,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,the luna diviner,10/10 perfect game
,Recommended,250760,18069881,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,hcpnator,"To me...Game of the year 2014. Nothing less, Shovel Knight brings us back to the 8bits and 16bits eras. A classic action platformer with many bosses and stages. Gameplay might remember you of Super Mario Bros. 3, Megaman, Castlevania, Ducktales (nes). The music is memorable, made by Jake Kaufman and Manami Matsumae. An indie game who is already a classic and a playable character who is already among the best loved in the game industry."
,Recommended,250760,18071180,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,yourgrimomen,Its all I ♥♥♥♥ing play anymore.
76561197963060811,Recommended,250760,18072714,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,scias,This is an amazing retro style game that should be played be all.
,Recommended,250760,18071921,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Chebdos,"Shovel Knight truly encaptures what made the 2D platformers from the days of old great yet brings something new and innovative to the table. I can't recommend this game more, one of the best games of the year."
76561198115449698,Recommended,250760,18072309,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,HoioH,buy it buy it right now this game is perfect i love it so much and so will you if you think its just NES nostalgia baitYOU ARE WRONG!!!!!!!!!
76561197987811365,Recommended,250760,18074178,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,dirthurts,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. It's challenging, the controls are tight, and the world is interesting and beautifully woven. Itf you're holding back, don't. Especially if you grew up in the NES erra."
,Recommended,250760,18077487,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Countsmegula,Plague Knight's pretty fun. Bomb jump momentum needs work though.
,Recommended,250760,18270002,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,King_Sora,"So bought this game last night, what did I think about it? It was the best $14.99 I've ever spent in my entire life"
76561198046721796,Recommended,250760,18299561,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mr.Wayz,Omg this game is soooooooooooooo good am like omg
76561198030622633,Recommended,250760,18299911,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Realmhopper,"Basically a mash up of everything good about the 16-bit era, which was then polished with as much elbow grease as possible. Get this game."
,Recommended,250760,13798957,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lycanthropic Paranoia,"WOW! What a game! If your into retro gaming and games like Super Mario Bros 3, Castlvania, Mega Man etc.. This game is right up there with those great titles. It feels like an authentic NES game from the 80s-90's. You beat the boss's aquire different powers from the dungeons, upgrade armour, upgrade your shovel (LOL). The best side scroll game I've played in a long long time. I hope the developer makes more games like this! Cheers!"
76561198078317925,Recommended,250760,13800291,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,IN OPTIONS,"Tight controls, nailed atmosphere, great soundtrack, this game has it all. Its a great platformer created in spirit of megaman or ducktales on the nes. hard at times, but fair and beatable. Oh yea, its got MASTERFUL level design. This game is great, buy it if you want to have fun."
,Recommended,250760,13800315,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,OMG,"Best Indie Game Ever Made. Period. Fantastic Soundtrack, Great Gameplay, Stylish Graphics.9.8/10"
,Recommended,250760,13786144,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,CorneliousJD,"Just over 8 hours on my first play-through, this game is everything it should be.If you're a fan of Mega Man, or any other action-platformer, pick this up. At full price of $15 it's well worth every penny.Devs are updating with 3 other playable characters and continually supporting this amazing title. I cannot wait to see what else they have to offer.The real fun starts with New Game+ mode, which will probably take me another 5 hours, and then all the feats/achievements will be countless more. Far under $1/hour for some amazing entertainment."
76561197968815209,Recommended,250760,13786602,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[BRO] Hasselsaurus Flex,Just simply brilliant NES platforming.  I can't recommend this enough.  Polish is the key word here.
,Recommended,250760,13787224,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SoonerPLUR,"What an awesome nostalgia trip. On top of the nostalgia, this triumph proves that timeless game design truly is timeless.9 / 10"
,Recommended,250760,13789963,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,alphacrafty,"To sum things up it's Megaman, Ducktales, Castlevainia, and Zelda 2 mixed into one game. That is perfect harmony, and speaking of, the music is incredible!This is one of the best platformers of 2014...actually, it's oen of the best games period.Get it. Get it.See the ""add to cart"" button? Click it. Buy it.For Shovelry!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,250760,13792594,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Whoonu,"This game is incredible. The soundtrack is one of the best I've ever heard. The mechanics are simple, yet very solid. Every level is unique, and I enjoy every moment of playing it, even when I've died multiple times trying to accomplish some near impossible feat.10/10, would reccomend."
,Recommended,250760,13799486,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Djent.Tyrant,"this game makes me want to go dig for money,for lifewould shovel again 10/1"
,Recommended,250760,11451072,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,_headwires,"I feel like I'm playing an NES game, but I didn't have to look for the NES.10/10"
,Recommended,250760,13748115,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Its not my GoTY, and there are some damn annoying things, some that made me pull out my hair, but I enjoyed it, more or less.Good soundrack, too."
,Recommended,250760,13751423,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DrQuandary,"A classic, if this was put out for SNES. Capcom would be out of business.10/10 would shovel again."
76561198088044362,Recommended,250760,13751892,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Iceybro,This game was very fun and well worth the purchase.
,Recommended,250760,13752918,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Stripeknight,Best retro game since Super Mario Brothers 3.
,Recommended,250760,13753031,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TheMrKhaos ベルセルク,"Shovel Knight would probably have to be one of my top 10 games from 2014. The classic feel and gameplay show that even today 2D platformers still make viable games if presented in the correct manner. Another amazing thing about Shovel Knight is the soundtrack for it. Jake Kaufman really nailed the music for this game and really made it feel like it was coming from a game that came out years ago. It's probably one of my favorite video game soundtracks, right up there with Donkey Kong Country 1-3. I would definetly recommend this title to anyone looking for an almost nostalgic feeling game, but with a whole new experience."
,Recommended,250760,13753525,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kiwi,"Get to the boss, 20 minutes later get to the boss, realize first one wasnt a boss. 10/10 would rage again"
,Recommended,250760,13753638,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Paper Rabbit,"Would recommend buying, but not at full price.Shovel Knight is a platformer very reminiscent of the classic Megaman games style, with a dash of the Medieval knights  instead of robots. True to the namesake, your main attack is your shovel. Which means a lot of very close encounters with your enemies instead of shooting them from a safe distance. This is usually not a problem when everybody including the bosses' attacks for the most part are very predictable. The game's difficulty however lies in the ridiculous amount of instant death traps it can throw at you. Endless pit of doom? Mandatory every 3-4 screens. Spiky deaths? Of course. Moving walls of squish-dom? Why not.This is my main gripe with this game: The insane amount of instant death traps the developers choose to throw at you. There's a very conscious effort on the developers' part to screw you over. It's very deliberate because there WILL be enemy AI decided to bump you off, blow you off, squeeze you off the goddamn platform. You think instant deaths don't happen in the boss arena? ♥♥♥♥ you! Boss battles have them too! You are far more likely to die from a gimmick death trap than from a ""hard"" boss. Probably why instead of using the 1-Up system like most platform games, if you die you just lose your money and restart at the last checkpoint. They were counting on you dying a lot due to the gimmicks.The upgrades in the game aren't all that useful. Some of the relics you pick up are actually somewhat useful. (I abused Phase Locket hell of a lot on the spike traps.) The acutal armor and shovel upgrades however, feel kind of lackluster.It's not bad for a platformer game geared towards the old school crowd, but I wouldn't pay more than $10."
,Recommended,250760,13757036,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gabrieru,Truly a godlike platformer.It sums up the essence of the good old times of games.10/10 would dig again
,Recommended,250760,13757100,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Xx_420MLGFish_xX,Amazing! You could say I really ... dig ... this game.
76561198013257953,Recommended,250760,13669794,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Famous Amos,8 bit darksouls. But it doesn't suck.
,Recommended,250760,13674046,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Efkinitos,"I never owned an NES so I'm not basing this off of nostalgia. But shovel knight is the greatest game I have ever played in my entitre life. The graphics are stylized and beautiful, the sound track is amazing and every song is perfect for the moment in the game it is played in. Through dialog and in game storytelling alike we are given a glimpse of the world and a snapshot of these characters lives. The characters are well made and actually have flaws, and I personally got really invested into them. The controls are tight are work really well with the level design which is also amazing. The creators really introduced new mechanics well with intuitive level design. Every boss is fun and every level is amazingly made and funExcept the explodatorium, which I think they outsourced to their intern, SatanI cannot recommend this game enough"
,Recommended,250760,13674745,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Infinite Wumpa,"Take everything you love about platformers, add charm, humor, and a phenomenal soundtrack, and you've got Shovel Knight. It's like playing a dream."
,Recommended,250760,13675746,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,finalxnoodles,"if you like metroidvania platformers with Megaman level difficulty then ""Shovel Knight"" is yo♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197973236751,Recommended,250760,13676376,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Eolair,Shovel Knight is a nice retro platformer. Good old times ahead - do yourself a favor and buy this little gem.
,Recommended,250760,13743005,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[THEM] MENTOR,"Shovel Knight is a stroll down memory lane if you grew up during the 8-bit and 16-bit eras.The game is NES hard and is fully of cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to get you killed, but because the game is so engaging, you keep coming back for more punishment like some sort of masochist. It has a 'reclaim lost power' element in the same vein as Dark Souls, and damn can that make things tense when you're in some of the more difficult, later stages.Perhaps most amazing of all, the game's simple narrative is so touching, it absolutely eclipses every other so-called 'story-driven' AAA game from the last three years at least. I won't spoil anything about the plot, but I couldn't stop smiling at the finale. (And I'm a jaded 'nothing is fun anymore' gamer.)Yacht Club are doing good things - things the game industry desperately needs more of. Buy the game. Enjoy it. Support good developers."
,Recommended,250760,13743024,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,PL,"If you miss the glory days of NES and SNES when platformers were king, you'll probably love this game.  The gameplay is basically a cross between the original Megaman games and Ducktales.  Your main attack is a close-range melee attack with the shovel (which you can upgrade to do a ranged attack when you have full life a la Zelda), or you can jump and do a downward ""pogo stick"" move with the shovel that is similar to Ducktales' cane bouncing.Screenshots don't really do the game much justice.  The graphics on first glance look straight out of NES, but it's more of an 8-bit/16-bit hybrid, sporting a lot more colors and better animation than NES was ever capable of.  The music is also fantastic, with a majority of the tracks written by Jake Kaufman a.k.a. Virt.  He is, hands down, the best chiptune composer in the scene today.  If you like music from Capcom's NES games, you will like Shovel Knights soundtrack.Despite the NES aesthetic, I wouldn't say the game is particularly ""NES hard"".  It definitely provides challenge similar to old NES games, but it's not nearly as punishing.  It doesn't have a limited number of lives or continues, and has a fair amount of checkpoints per level.  It does not give the player the futile, crushing feeling of knowing that you may never finish the game (without cheating) due to harsh life and continue limitations.  You can, however, make the game more challenging by destroying checkpoints rather than using them, and the game will reward you through other means by doing so.  There are also achievements for completing the game without dying or using any ""relic"" items (similar to the sub weapons in Castlevania games) for people who want a greater challenge than just finishing the game normally.Basically, if you miss the NES/SNES days, you're missing out by not buying this game."
76561198025271200,Recommended,250760,13743166,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Traysandor,"This is a very good concept. Did you like Mega Man 8-bit series? Like combining that with finding lots of treasures and secret areas? You will probably enjoy this a lot then.I was able to pick up the game pretty quickly and blast right through it, despite the lack of a hold-your-hand tutorial.The later levels had me cursing like a sailor with all the times I fell to my death, died to random enemies, or got smashed against an object or ceiling.. Thankfully, most of the boss fights weren't super challenging, but reaching them made me have to take a break to avoid a full-on ragequit.The only downside is that the game is short. When you're done with your initial playthrough, you'll probably want more levels to blast through if you liked the game. You're in luck with that since the cheat code system will allow you to play the game again with any humber of benefits, to make the game easier...Or penalties, for the platforming masochists that want a real challenge - if you thought the original game was too easy and needed something to spice it up."
,Recommended,250760,13743749,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rivent,"Good old school-style platformer that reminds you of the games you loved as a kid, without all the BS that held them back."
,Recommended,250760,13744179,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fred,You should probably get this game(Get it)
,Recommended,250760,13745047,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,matt.blubaugh,"This is re-imagined retro gaming at its finest. Shovel Knight takes inspiration from the gameplay mechanics of classic 8 bit and 16 bit video games and wraps them up into one of the best games of the year. Take the action, level progression and boss battles of MegaMan, sprinkle in a little bit of Zelda II combat and top it off with the overworld map of Super Mario World. Shovel Knight is a wonderfully challenging game that routinely impresses with unexpected gameplay twists. This game is highly recommended."
,Recommended,250760,13746236,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dusk Dweller,One of the better platformers I've played in a long time. Definitely worth picking up if you have the time.
76561198094994193,Recommended,250760,13747269,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Garish Ghost,Do you like the old Megaman games? You'll probably love this game.Do you hate the old Megaman games? You should probably still try this game.
,Recommended,250760,13748690,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jarool,"After hiding in the dark from this game (not watching any youtube videos) to gain my own knowledge of this game, I was wondering ""Was this overhyped?""Before I answer it, let's talk about the game. As a completely blind experience, I found learning how to play was actually surprisingly easy, and finding secrets was very fun. Gold was a useful currency, and it didn't feel very 'grindy'. Having death make you lose part of your gold made the game somewhat challenging.The difficulty curve was quite amazing. I never found it too hard or too easy. I always found I had just enough stuff to scrape through, or I needed to go back and get something else to help along.The items you gain are somewhat unique, and they all have their own uses. Finding out what they did never was too hard.The upgrades never made the game amazingly easy, they just made doing things a little different.The achievements add a lovely layer of replayability... I really have nothing else to say about that...It's an amazing game, so, to answer the question ""Was this overhyped?"". OF COURSE NOT! I don't even remember the hype, I just remember people playing this game and loving it. And now, I've played it and loved it.Why not try it out and see how you feel?"
76561198089990194,Recommended,250760,13748723,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BwoyBrock,10/10 I loved playing the game. This one of the best platformers i have ever played and it is great because it also provides a challenge.
,Recommended,250760,13749094,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,rcro65,Great game so far! Love the graphics and the music! And great storyline!!!
,Recommended,250760,13735850,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Xasper,If this was a pie. It's the greatest pie there is.
,Recommended,250760,13723769,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,NaN,"This game is truly magnificent.Gameplay, graphics, music are done on very decent level. If you enjoy snes graphics then this game will worth every cent.  If not, well, still consider to buy it :3,(Sorry for my english)"
,Recommended,250760,13661676,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,VoxWave,5/5 I can dig it
,Recommended,250760,13772036,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Doughboy,harder than dark souls
,Recommended,250760,13774177,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Man Nurse,Castlevania and Megaman had a baby. It doesn't eat. It doesn't cry. It doesn't poop. It just lays there and is cute and awesome.10/10Would shovel again.
,Recommended,250760,11284059,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,babbles,"This is a good game.   Keep in mind that it's a little on the short side and can be occasionally frustrating, but it's well worth the price of admission."
76561198070470826,Recommended,250760,11285011,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,LumberJade,"Shovel Knight!This game is like a childhood memory smacking you in the face... but with a shovel!This game brings back the classic arcade genre with it's fun, 8-bit style. Shovel Knight is about the recently reitred shovel-weilding hero who sets off on a journey to defeat the Enchantress and here elite clan of mighty baddies known as the, ""Order of No Quarter"". Shovel Knight is a beatuiful game with fantastic music, beautiful art, fun character, and smooth controls.-One of the worst things a game can do to you is make you feel cheated when you die. But sure-enough, when playing this, not once did i feel cheated! Anytime I die in this game, it's my own fault! The contols and puzzle/platforming machanics are just so orginized and brilliant! This game has some of the finest examples of platforming I have seen in a game in a very long time!-Each boss is unique and fun! They will give you a run for your money as each has their own technique to defeating you, and with attacks not being in a constant pattern, bosses come off as a fair challenge! (Specter Knight and Treasure Knight are my two personal favorites mainly based on their design and battle style.)This game is brilliant and if you are a fan of platforming games or old-style 8-bit games than check out Shovel Knight. You will definatly, ""dig"" this game!I give Shovel Knight a 10/10!!"
76561198116223328,Recommended,250760,11285033,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,JohnySlimJim,get it its good.
,Recommended,250760,11285410,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Daeladrenn,"Let's start with this, why have you not started buying this game?Let me get to the meat of this game, it's a retrospect of the three greatest titles for the NES. Those three titles are Castlevania, Ducktales and Megaman. The Developer can deny it all they want, but there's some elements of Castlevania in there (Magic System specifically). For $15 USD, I can say I got my money's worth.I went back replayed it again, this is where the game gets harder upon the replay. The frustrations you thought you had the first time, manifest even more in New Game+ There are games that are $60 bucks that seem like they've been thrown together and can't get the game to pull you in and keep playing. For a $15 USD game like this, I say it's done its job, so now my other question is this: Why have you not joined in on this beautiful 8-bit graphics game? Buy it, there are no regrets with this game."
,Recommended,250760,11285436,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sonko the Horg,OK so in this game you play as one of the main charactors from mystery men.so as ben stiller you go around and kill megaman villains.there is some sideplot involving a female captain america but it still works6/10
76561198070439149,Recommended,250760,11285721,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Xemlar,"This is literally one of my favorite games on steam! Cannot go wrong with this purchase! I'd gladly pay more than $15 for this. If you're still unsure about this, I'd suggest looking up videos or walkthrough's to see how Shovel Knight is like. That's how I made up my mind!"
76561198026944154,Recommended,250760,11304998,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Blackbear,One of the best platformers ive played in a long time. reminds me alot of mega man. Sound track is A++. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,250760,11299606,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Tiglionabbit,"I liked this game so much I played it through twice in a row, back to back.  It's like a really good Mega Man game that's also heavily inspired by Duck Tales for NES, with a Mario Bros 3 world map and some Zelda 2 style towns full of cute animal people and lots of nods to Castlevania and other NES games.  It really all fits together into the best possible NES game, having learned from everything that works.Also there's no ""game over"" for dying too much.  This alone causes a huge improvement over its source material.  Instead, there's a clever risk/reward system in place where you can destroy checkpoints for money, or attempt difficult ""feats"" (achievements) such as collecting no gold, eating no food, taking no damage on a boss, or completing the whole game in an hour and a half.Some non-NES games I like that this reminds me of:- Mega Man 7 for being a graphics-upgraded NES game without the acrobatic controls of the X series, and because it features Protoman so much and lets you get his shield.  Shield Knight is kinda like Roll and Protoman mixed together.- Mega Man ZX Advent for the emotional boss characters.- Drilldozer for clever mechanics such as the fist and rapier you get later in the game."
76561198028160205,Recommended,250760,11308256,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,RekksReigns,"Shovel Knight is a game true to its word, an 8-bit classic that is true to its roots, while still being a game that can be played and enjoyed purely on its on merits without the need of an 8-bit nostalgia trip.Can you dig it? I certainly can."
,Recommended,250760,11309669,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Freddie Freeloader,"Probably the best action platformer I've ever played. If you have even a remote interest in playing retro games, you must buy this.Also, the music is incredible, and you can check their kickstarter page to see what they will be adding to the game (a lot)."
,Recommended,250760,11333212,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Corgi,Castlevania meets megaman = good
76561198012680143,Recommended,250760,11334766,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Nashgoth,Old school platformer. Great mix of old Megaman and Castlevania with some RPG element.
76561198069742844,Recommended,250760,11337198,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Fucky Badger,"Definitely one of the most fun pixel-y games I've played. While it is a 2D platformer it doesn't necessarily feel like it's trying to copy the feel that games from a couple of decades ago evoked. Meaning -- it's not like a good 90% of these indie games out there that bank solely on the fact that they're ""nostalgic"" to draw in the player.This game subtdly combines elements from a bunch of different older games and makes them into something completely unique. The map is similar to Mario World 3, the gameplay and fighting style is similar to Megaman. To me though, the real kicker is in the item collection, which is similar in a way to A Link to the Past. While Zelda games are specifically notorious for this (aside from the original), most games nowadays use items in a very one-dimensional way. You play a level/dungeon/etc, get the item, and use the item to beat the boss. The same can even go with armor -- get an upgrade where you get more magic, and the level will require more magic. Yet in Shovel Knight, every item you get can truly have value in nearly any level of the game. Often, an item you get early on in the game can even be more useful later in the game than it was initially. This is, in my opinion, what set Shovel Knight above many of the other pixel-y games that are out today.All in all, Shovel Knight is a truly enjoyable experience. With great gameplay, great aesthetics, and a great soundtrack, Shovel Knight is definitely a game worth its $15. Although it isn't the longest game, there are so many nooks and crannies and secrets to discover within the levels that its easily replayable. I'd give it an 8.5/10."
76561198035676510,Recommended,250760,11328878,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,TurboGrandpa,"Gotta say, I really didn't think the world needed another retro style indie platformer with 8-bit graphics. Then again, none of those games were Shovel Knight. If you liked Mega Man, you'll like this game."
76561198097998436,Recommended,250760,11329367,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Tali Is Bae,"I love this game, if my words mean nothing at least consider my hours on the game XD. As almost everyone else says this is essentially the perfect mix Of castlevania and ducktales with a little bit of a new age charm and great 8bit music. The bosses are fun and the game controls handle amazingly. This is the only game i bought during the summer sale that wasn't on sale, no regrets."
,Recommended,250760,11329588,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Captain Von Morri,"This game is god like among the NES throwback games, being nearly flawless. Steel thy Shovel!"
,Recommended,250760,11148296,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Fladagus,"I feel as if I have played this game in the past and have fond memories of it, even though I haven't."
,Recommended,250760,11331196,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Xenith,"I've played this game before on other consoles, and I will continue playing it here on Steam as well. I just have to say that I absolutely adore this game and everything that it stands for. The visuals are simple, yet gorgeous, the soundtrack is phenomenal, and the gameplay is challenging and more fun than most fully 3-D AAA titles that have come out in recent years. It has plenty of replayability, and I honestly just love everything about this game. I don't want to just jump on the bandwagon and say ""Best game evar, lol1!!!1!!!11!"", but it definitely deserves the praise that it's been getting since it's release."
,Recommended,250760,11326914,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,"This game does retro right! The graphics actually look like something you'd see on the NES and not that crappy pixel 'art' from games like fist of awesome. The gameplay is an amazing mix of mega man, castlevania and zelda II. I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,250760,11253755,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Shingles McGee,"You have a shovel.12/8.5Seriously though, Shovel Knight is easily one of the finest platformers to date. Everything about it is just so perfect. The gameplay is so fluent and enjoyable, furthermore the music is quite possibly some of the best chiptune music ever made. Hell, even the story is good, in a game where you're saving the world with a shovel! If you like Zelda II, Ducktales, Mega Man, Castlevania, or any video game ever made, then you really owe it yourself to play this game."
76561198012244262,Recommended,250760,11370856,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,GCE | 2livedood4eva,Dig in...get it...because he uses a shovel...
,Recommended,250760,11408513,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ginger_Bread,10/10 would buy even when not on sale
,Recommended,250760,11411459,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,The Incredible Mr.Buns,"This game is a love note to classic nes game such as the mega man series, duck tales, castlevania, legend of zelda 2, and a touch of super mario bros 3. It has interesting fast paced puzzles, interesting boss battles, and memerable characters. I recommend this to everyone who enjoyed at least one of the games list as well  as want anyone who is questioning whether or not to get it to."
76561197989082851,Recommended,250760,11411929,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Thalasand,"This game has all the old-school arcade goodness you could hope for, with a great sense of humour and a wicked soundtrack. Clever, colourful, addictive, and most of all fun!"
,Recommended,250760,11413830,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,stackedmidgets,Don't be put off by the weird concept. This platformer has incredibly tight mechanics and is better than most of the 3D games being released today.
76561198086812644,Recommended,250760,11393219,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,KWinston,"An enjoyable game that has my ideal difficulty of moderate to hard to complete the main story, but has enough extra content to keep me coming back for a little bit longer. The bosses are unique and interesting, I enjoy the collectables and most of the achievements, the music is excelent and the gameplay is solid. I am loathe to repeat what others have said when I have nothing more to add, but it bears repeating because this is a good game that a recommend, whether you love the nostalgia factor it employs or just want a good game to play."
76561198013168802,Recommended,250760,11398295,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Theron,"Pretty much the best of classic 8-bit NES games rolled into one package. Shovel Knight plays like a combination of classic Mega Man, the original Castelvania, and little Mario Bros 3. The game is hard but not frustratingly so. It has really tight controls and the difficulty is not cheap, you died because you screwed up and not because the game is unfair. Each stage has unique mechanics and theme that makes each level both look and sound different as well as play different. Shovel Knight also has one of the best chiptune sountracks I've ever heard.Anyone who is a fan of classic action-platformers needs to play this game!"
76561198117626435,Recommended,250760,11399580,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,A Grumpy Gamer,You like platformers you say?Well look no further Shovel Knight is the game for you my friend!
,Recommended,250760,11399786,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,coryb1980,"I don't have that many hours in, I fell asleep with the game paused one evening.That being said, this is a great game. Reminds me of Super Mario Brothers 3. The controls are so perfect, it's hard, but when you die it doesn't feel like you're being cheated. If you like side scrolling platformers, I can't recommend this enough, it's one of my favorite games of this genre."
,Recommended,250760,11516018,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Funny Boy Large,This game is soooo hard or i just suck at video games.
76561198047485108,Recommended,250760,11519906,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,flapjack,It's Fantastic!!!!! A game that I'm happy to spend my money on!!!
76561198117896282,Recommended,250760,11522292,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,0 tour pyro | trade.tf,Very fun.
76561198026895016,Recommended,250760,11524713,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,CJ EXTREME,SPADES OF JUSTICE!
,Recommended,250760,11402569,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,PeachFuzzzz,"Seriously best game ever, you must get this!!!!!!"
,Recommended,250760,11404195,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Adultery,Sick... Absolutely awesome!
,Recommended,250760,11426022,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,mattsimme,"If you like to shovel on your free time, this is the game for you!"
76561198047365216,Recommended,250760,11426240,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,mcksmitty,Most fun I have had with a shovel since the day I put rockets on a snow shovel and flew to the moon.
76561198054558486,Recommended,250760,11427196,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Andromeda,"I really dig this game! This game is a great homage to classic 8-bit NES games and it does a great job of capturing the elements that made those games so good! All around, this game sparkles like the piles of digital treasure you will collect as you play! From its tight controls, classic 8-bit art style, and amazing soundtrack, this game got it right. If you like games with a good mix of combat, and platforming as well as a fair level of difficulty, I can not recommend this game more! Do yourself a favor and pick up this gem of a game! And ifyou don't do it for yourself, do it FOR SHOVELRY!!!"
,Recommended,250760,11427644,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Blender Lips,"when i finished this game i asdked myself, was it worth it to pay 15$ for 8:00:22 of gameplay, for this fgame, it was, it really was"
,Recommended,250760,11429787,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Owlfiship,"This has become one of my favorite games of all time. The design is solid, soundtrack is fantastic, and overally very fun. challenging and unique.I highly recommend this game to anyone!"
,Recommended,250760,11422773,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Lazarus,oh boy I sure do love me some megaman!
76561197983662248,Recommended,250760,11294630,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I used to add a header to these reviews, but since it often times made the review too long to submit, I've decided to leave it on my Backloggery.Gameplay: Man, I should've wrote this review a couple of days ago before Yahtzee basically said everything I wanted to about the game. Nevertheless, I'll go ahead and write the review anyways. Shovel Knight is often described as a combination of Duck Tales, Mega Man, and Mario 3. I can see Mega Man, and I can definitely see Duck Tales, but the only trace of Mario 3 I see is in the map screen. I think it's more apt to take Mario 3 out of the mix and call it a sorta hybrid of Duck Tales and Mega Man. And Castlevania. Alright, it's more fair to say that this game takes a lot of ideas from its inspirations, but the level design is where the true quality of this game shines through.As Yahtzee said, the game does a great job of taking relatively simple gameplay concepts and using them over and over again in different, creative ways. You can bounce on things like you could in Duck Tales, which is used quite a bit throughout the game for various platforming and combat purposes. Much like Mega Man, there are subweapons that you can use, although due to the nature of one of the subweapons, you'll probably end up only using that (I'll talk about that one later). Anyways, the subweapons usually have a platforming-related use as well, so the implementations of these subweapons stay fresh. They're not unlimited use, however, since there is a Castlevania style magic meter that limits the uses. You can refill that meter with magic vial collectibles throughout the level or by dying.Combat is relatively simplistic, with the controls basically going for an NES-esque control scheme, specifically Castlevania's (I know I'm gonna get a lot of flak for saying this, but think Castlevania controls but with better jumping control). Enemies are pretty varied, even though there are some palette swaps of some enemies. Nevertheless, these palette swaps are usually different enough to warrant their existence. Enemy placement is pretty good as well, but never jerkish or unfair. Bosses can be really fun... if you don't cheese them. Remember the subweapon that I talked about earlier that you'd probably end up only using it? It's called the Phase Locket and it's basically an invincibility generator. It's pretty much the most OP item in the game, and I've gotta be honest; I'm not too sure how it could be balanced better. I suppose you could increase the amount of Magic it takes, but it could end up screwing the player over in situations where the level calls for that subweapon.Another thing that neither Yahtzee nor myself are a fan of is insta-kill spikes. It just never made sense to me from a design standpoint. Sure, you can have them do a lot of damage, but insta-kill is excessive and potentially very cheap if an enemy hits you into a spike. Oh well, at least lives weren't brought into this game. Instead, it opts for a Dark Souls style of death, where you lose 25% of your current money and have to get it back by collecting the floating bags. Another comparison you could make to Dark Souls is the NG+ mode, which I found fun, if a bit disappointing. There's no profound changes with enemy placement or new boss attacks (actually, enemies along with bosses would be super cool). Instead, the three biggest changes I saw were fewer checkpoints, enemies do double damage, and all platters that contained food now contain bombs. For a $25k stretch goal, I did expect a bit more than that. Nevertheless, it was still pretty fun playing through the game again, despite the lackluster NG+ mode.Overall, I had a great time with the game. It's a game that is pretty much timeless in its game design, save for a few issues. I definitely see myself playing this again a couple of years down the line. 9/10.Story: Well, it's about what you'd expect from an NES era story. At least there was a bit of a twist on the whole ""damsel in distress"" trope. I would've liked to have seen Shield Knight be a bit more involved with the gameplay, though. Ah well; it makes sense why she really isn't. Anyways, there's shovel puns. A lot. You could say that the puns are present... in spades. Alright, I guess I deserve a few ""Not Helpful"" marks for that pun. Nevertheless, it's a pretty barebones story with a twist and a fair few laughs if you dig that sort of humor. If you don't, that's okay. I'll mine my own business. 7/10.Graphics: It's not pixels for pixel's sake. They were going for an NES feel, and they did achieve that. Never mind the parallax scrolling; only people who don't like fun will (seriously) complain about that. The spritework is fantastic and really clean, the art is stylish as hell, and generally if you're into pixel art at all, you'll love looking at this game. As for the technical side, it fullscreens to my native resolution of 1080p without a hitch. A lot of work went into making this look and feel like an NES game, an effort that I can both observe and appreciate. 5/5.Sound: Basically, the only thing to talk about in the sound section is the music, and it's a bit of a weird call, personally. Virt is pretty good at making music, and the music he made fits the levels quite well. It's just not my thing. That's not to say I don't like chiptunes, though. I'm just not really into Virt's style, personally. It's good and it's pretty well composed, but it just doesn't do anything for me. Nevertheless, for how well it fits into the levels, I feel alright giving the OST a 4/5.Overall scores are: 9/7/5/4; cumulative score of 8.3/10. Well worth the $15 I paid for it when it launched."
76561197971636604,Recommended,250760,11294900,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jepu,9.5/10 I dig it.
,Recommended,250760,11295207,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Maxamonium,"I really dig this game.Kinda short, but that's alright, it's no shorter than a Mega Man game if you think about it, and the levels are absolutey fantastic."
,Recommended,250760,11786685,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,ㅎㅎ,
76561198147035465,Recommended,250760,11603800,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Tenshi,This game is great fun! About to finish it again !
76561198053504632,Recommended,250760,11605627,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,HAL 9000,"Do you like Megaman? Castlevania? Duck Tails? (The game, not the show, though I can't blame you if you like the show, good childhood memories. I digress) This game takes the best parts of those games respectively. Even the mysterious wall chicken.You are Shovel Knigt, a knight like the name suggest who uses a shovel. After the lose of Shield Knight a dear friend and Partner you give up on adventuring. Until the Evil Order of No Quarter apper. This where the Megaman elements come in. There are (if memory is currect) A total of eight Knigts, not counting Black Night as he isn't a member of TONQ. Each one with their own theme. One I can't help but think was inspired by Dr. Wily. the platforming and over all game play is hard, but fare. Though this can be debated about one stage. The controls are responsive and all the items have some kind of use. The soudtrack is amazing, there is a good amount of side content, for this type of game at least. And each boss fight is fun. This game also seems like one people could speed run.If you like retro styled games. You need to give this a shot."
76561198091245034,Recommended,250760,11692668,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Salty,"If you like retro games like NES, definetly give this a try. I can't praise this game enough. Its soooooooo good."
76561198059350281,Recommended,250760,11693284,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,CAPTAIN LAZORFACE,"This is the♥♥♥♥♥♥right here, stop playing what youre playing and play this god damn-it."
,Recommended,250760,12191984,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,zinnia,"if you liked the old NES games, then you'll like this game. This game is well put together and is comical with a side of seriousness and difficulty, the good kinda difficulty."
76561198007765742,Recommended,250760,11552888,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Slabic,"10/10. It has all the stuff we LOVE to HATE from the old nes/snes platformers. Water levels, ice levels, vertical scrolling, annoying enemies we hate with every ounce of our being. The storyline and conversations are hilarious. You have the option to upgrade your armor with 6 different choices. You can upgrade your legendary shovel to have more attacks and it has relics that make it stand out from the classics and really adds to the gameplay. Although there are certain levels/secrets you cannot do if you don't have the proper relic so finding them is a must to finish the game 100%. If this was made in the era of nes/snes platformers it would be in my top 5. Very well done game."
,Recommended,250760,12196374,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Rinfox,"Wonderful, wonderful game. Not perfect, but very, very great.The graphics are wonderful, nicely made, each stage is unique in it's own way (very frustrating in their own respect aswell, goddamn.) and nicely made, there are fairly obvious secrets, and some better, well hidden ones aswell.I do wish that there was a bit more to do with money. Maybe some more shovel traits, more armor, more troupple chalices, maybe. Though, I will admit the money I gathered did have me buying things until end-game.The music is wonderful. Amazingly composed, fits the stage and just overall sounds amazing, a great nostalgia trip to games like megaman, and some other older titles. The gameplay is amazingly smooth, controlls great and feels wonderful to play. The game is overall fairly difficult, it will definitely induce a few rage moments. (I will admit to tossing my controller once or twice in my frustration)Overall 9/10. I really wish there was more to the armor/shovel upgrade system, but overall, shovel knight is an amazing, wonderful game. I'll definitely be replaying it for awhile."
,Recommended,250760,12197510,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Thristy Dog,"Ah, Shovel Knight. It takes everything good about old-school platformers, just a little bit of modern sensibility, and a quirky sense of humor...and fuses those together to create a perfect game. Shovel Knight has flawless gameplay, an amazing soundtrack, and perfect level design. You can basically curve the difficulty to your needs as well, with new game+, and the risk/reward ability to destroy checkpoints in levels for extra gold. I recommend Shovel Knight to anybody who loves platformers of any kind. Or just games in general. tenouttaten goty 2014"
76561198059815610,Recommended,250760,12167958,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Big Momma McCree,"Amazing game. I loved the story, the characters were creative, and it was both challenging, but addicting.I can't wait to start New Game Plus."
,Recommended,250760,12168895,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,GIANT PAPAYA,"I love it! The 8-16 bit graphics are amazing and the music is awesome. However, the options menu it not so awesome. I found it a bit hard to navigate through, maybe thats just me. I was also a bit annoyed that the game did not provide a tutorial on some basic controls."
76561198135870044,Recommended,250760,12188132,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,S.D.Plissken,"This game is simply amazing. The level design is inventive, the writing is spot on, and the gameplay takes me back to the good old 8-bit days of the NES. Overall, very solid game, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,250760,12190691,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,metalgearsalad,"As a wise-ish shane once said...""It gives me a boner"""
76561197993474155,Recommended,250760,11977654,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Rolav,"A game so good, I want to slap the developers for not making it sooner, and then myself for slapping them!"
76561198059378096,Recommended,250760,11982072,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,puddlepirate006,A blast from the past with a soundtrack that will stick in your head as you adventure through life's dungeons
,Recommended,250760,11983819,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all, Iron Savior,Those dream sequences...
,Recommended,250760,17385754,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,JackBauer_ActionHour,"A little bit Mega Man and a little bit Castlevania.The best part of the game is the level design. Each zone introduces unique mechanics that you have to adapt to using the same moveset. The sound track is excellent too, chip tunes that really fit in. And the characters are loveable."
,Recommended,250760,17389815,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,f r ä n k,"I love the history of Shovel Knight a Shield Knight, this game begins as most adventures do for two adventurers. This is one of the best platformers to come out in years and it's just perfect, the perfect game for a new era for 8-bit retro lovers. Just buy it, you don't gonna dissapoint.+Amazing music+Hard Mode+Funny bosses+Perfect gaming11/10."
76561198041369031,Recommended,250760,17392805,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Goomba,"Beautiful visuals and soundtrack, engaging and simple gameplay,Pplaying this game was a joy. 10/10 would shovel again."
,Recommended,250760,15357465,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,KentuckyFriedHippo,"I love this game. It so super awesome. Tons of humor, awesome bosses, amazing soundtrack, did I mention I love this game? WHY DID NO ONE THINK OF THIS FOR THE NES! I love it! 5/5 any day. I must admit, I like it a bit more than Portal 2, which I really like, probably because it does not have a short story like Portal 2. ANYWAY I LOVE IT!!! 15 BUCKS IS TOTALLY WORTH IT!!! Just get it, and while your at it, buy an NES controller. It plays better with it."
76561198035706820,Recommended,250760,17498687,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Robotbox,Pros:Beautiful graphics and musicSteady increase in difficulty and tight controlsYou can literally put in a cheat code to change names to buttCons:Can be pretty hard at timesIt is short (but cheat codes allow for extra replayablility)Isn't two player... yet10/10
,Recommended,250760,17500579,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ramen,"This game is great, pretty much everything you loved about 2 Castlevania with a hint of Mario and Dark Souls. A must play."
76561197974370257,Recommended,250760,17557749,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,lwest90,"The magic of this game is hard to describe in words. In short, it combined the nostalgia of my childhood passion for gaming while altogether creating something new for the next generation to fall in love with. It's tough to relate to that feeling of opening up a brand new Super Nintendo game for the first time, but this game comes damn close.Combining all of the elements I used to love about side scrolling platfomers like Duck Tales, Castlevania, Metroid and Megaman, Shovel Knight keeps true to its goal of delivering 8-bit fun without just rehashing a classic.My only regret is not finding this game sooner. It is an absolute must play for anyone looking to feel that rush from the past or simply to broaden your horizon and try something unique.9.0/10"
76561198058373217,Recommended,250760,17568793,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Joni,Pure awesome!Gameplay is funMusic is phenomenalpixelart is beautifulstory is great and simpleyou get such a warm and epic feeling when after every boss fight the Shovel knight rests at a campfire in the night.(Hero taking a rest after a huge battle)Haven't played such a good game in a while!Only reason for you not to buy this game is if you don't like platformers at all.
76561198171075739,Recommended,250760,17576493,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kenshin_VX,"It's a game that brings you that feeling when you play megaman games for the first time .I would say it's a master pice you have to be very carfull on jumping and eliminate your foes, bosses are great and unique and i think everything in the game including soundtrack, characters, stages and humor fits all together.If you ever wounder ""is the price rigth for this game? or do i wait in till goes on sale?"" i mind if it's on sale great then but still if it's not then go for it....worth every penny till the end."
76561198083177274,Recommended,250760,17593861,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,[SN31]RedwoodOriginal,Very enjoyable game
,Recommended,250760,17585471,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,yuh nigga gohan,Get digging
,Recommended,250760,17591323,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Mr Puzzler,"Buy this game! Just do it! This game is a spectacular call back to the classic Mega Man series, with maybe some classic Castlevania in the mix too. It has a wonderfully simple story, with funny, creative, and likable characters. The experience is even better if you're into fantasy/medieval story settings. All this accompanied by an amazing soundtrack, I dare say it rivals the best of 8bit tracks out there. Truly a modern platforming masterpiece. I can not recommend this enough, you are in for a treat."
,Recommended,250760,17482303,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Akxz <<DT>>,"One of the best games I've played in the last few years. Completely faithful to the things that inspired it, taking ideas and mechanics from every great 8-bit platformer, but also implementing touches more reminiscent of modern games. And it's all perfectly constructed, from the tight (but simple) controls to the level design that throws new challenges at you on every screen.Could not recommend more highly. If you don't love every second you spend playing this game (even the moments where you scream and want to throw the controller), there's something legitimately wrong with you."
76561198119406568,Recommended,250760,17465609,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,rubiyaat,"Charming, challenging, and glorious fun. The best indie platformer since Cave Story."
76561198153943458,Recommended,250760,16564548,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DragonHazard,It is an Amazingly charming platforming game. I just started playing it but I am already hooked and would recommend it to anyone who loves a good platforming game as it is unique and fun.
,Recommended,250760,16568106,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Black Raven,"shovel knight is one of the purest retro gaming experiences available right now. combining elements of mega man, castlevania II, and super mario 3, it's literally like playing an NES game. just the right amount of challenge, a perfect soundtrack, and great design in both stage and character. absolutely gorgeous, 10/10."
76561197974132966,Recommended,250760,16571087,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[Team-Floatz] IT,"Game is hands down amazing! Mega-Man meets Bonk, meets Sonic, meets Mario! The art and music are wonderful! Could find myself playing this game for hours(lost in 80's/90's nostalgia!) Looking forward to more titles from the creators/developers! WAY-TO-GO!Well worth the asking price!"
76561198046129368,Recommended,250760,16571448,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Don Beatle,"Knight Shovel is a modern day masterpiece. No dicking around with worthless plotlines, or amazing cinematics. Grameplay is all you really need, and this game is a prime example. Overall this game is a classic, hard but not stupid, short but worth it. Amazing."
76561198141897000,Recommended,250760,16573740,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,jlore001,Challenging and fun!
76561197980847018,Recommended,250760,16576428,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Vermillion,Solid platform old school game akin to Mega Man and Duck Tales.Has tons of hidden items and exploration along with a great chip tune soundtrack.If you are a fan of old school style platform games and exploration games then I heartily recommend this game.
,Recommended,250760,16592626,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kurosaki,"Bring me more, please."
,Recommended,250760,16520968,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Soppelmannen,"Great platformer! Absolutely recommended. 12-13 hours gameplay, some replayability."
,Recommended,250760,16523492,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,-|TBG|-Bungied2theTree,May be the absolute perfection in platformers. You would be foolish not to pick up this title. The music will grab you in and never let go. The story is great. The bosses are insane. And you will dig it. Make no mistakes.
76561198039910244,Recommended,250760,16525801,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jesus H Christ,It's good ey.
,Recommended,250760,16528209,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TubaDeevo,Shovel Knight is the best NES style game since the NES.  An excellent platformer with charming characters
76561198046186486,Recommended,250760,16531512,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shovelhead,I have a soft spot for this game as it is about my heritage and demonstrates how previous shovel knights before my time had to live. ːkingknightː ːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightːːkingknightː
76561198091495444,Recommended,250760,16533060,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CrEScenT,Retro masterpiece.
76561198038670413,Recommended,250760,16537249,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lycosa,"Great and fun game! hahahaha. Retro Platformer. 8bit style.   Awesome music and great fun gameplay.My dualshock (ps4) controller works with this excellently. So, controller support is good for gamepads also.Difficulty is just right for me. For hardcore platformer gamers it might be a little easy but i think its good"
,Recommended,250760,16542703,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,arex.,One of the best retro inspired platformers available. Absolutely pick this up.
76561198018716140,Recommended,250760,16548327,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cerebral S'more,My Game Of The Year 2014
76561198002101979,Recommended,250760,16853749,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Thatchasaur,"Pretty much the best way to re-live NES style gaming, with checkpoints."
,Recommended,250760,16864257,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,kozycorgi,"I truly love this game.  From it's tight, rewarding gameplay to the retro charm provided by the graphics, animations, characters, and sounds, this game is sure to capture the attention of most gamers for hours at a time.  A true love letter to the days of Nes, Snes, and Genesis."
,Recommended,250760,16371407,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Magnetic Lobster >B(,This is how retro platformers should be done.
,Recommended,250760,16337769,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rōnin,"This is what a ""retro indie game"" is meant to be. a fusion of megaman and super mario bros 3 with abit of ghost and goblins thrown in. this game plays very well and has a good amount of content. the pixel art style came out really  well and this game woud feel at home just fine on the super nes except its storyline and production is much higher being a newer game.You won't regret buying this game on sale if you were ever a fan of older gen consoles and 2d games."
,Recommended,250760,16339032,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RealtorTim,"No other words to describe this game besides Truly Amazing. Similar to the games of the past, Shovel Knight combines the feel of The Legend of Zelda, with the platforming of Ducktales, the bosses of Mega Man, and look of Castelvania. The music was beautiful, expressing the characters in amazing ways. You feel Shovel Knight's loss as he looks for his true love. The platforming was spot-on. Every death felt like it was you're own fault, and made you try harder. And the toppr to the cake was the beautiful art, which on it's own could majorly improve a lesser title. This game is beautiful, heartfelt, and humorous (did I mention all the digging puns? They're hilarious!). Shovel Knight is a thrilling rollercoaster for two generations to share."
76561198139385924,Recommended,250760,16357097,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DankMeister,"This easily reminds me of mega man but has many differences like, having to buy the enemy weapons, the world map, and the shovel"
76561198088256241,Recommended,250760,16915473,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,xX_$wagMoney_Xx,"This game is amazing designed. Thesoundtrackis my favorite part of the whole game. Although the PC version of the game does not haveboss battlesfrom other games that the other platforms have, I still rate great mate, 8/8."
,Recommended,250760,16921967,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Mortal Wombat,"Great game. It's very much A modern NES game. It seems to fix some of the annoyances with early NES games, such as check points and such. I did enjoy the game."
76561197966493648,Recommended,250760,16922472,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Sammeh,Stop reading the reviews and go buy it.
76561198009258840,Recommended,250760,16889533,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Howey Roll,Can't reccomend this game enough. Really looking forward to what the devs of shovel knight will bring in the future. Thanks for making it I had a ton of fun playing!
76561198139873118,Recommended,250760,16769934,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jacobjaru,"This game is hard but it is fun. If you played the old Megaman's or Legend of Zelda 1 and 2 on nes, you will love this game. If you aren't into retro games which think that you enjoy hurting yourself, I can't recomend it."
76561198168908526,Recommended,250760,16001175,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,aGamingFox,best game I ever played
76561198155365504,Recommended,250760,16061164,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Hammy,i dont usually review games but i had to on this one. this game is Awesome. This game is good for people who haven't played retro video games. Its hard and long lasting. I recommend this for people who haven't played the original Megaman or the original Mario.
76561198128522820,Recommended,250760,16063432,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dan Classic,"There are almost too many games nowadays cashing in on NES nostalgia (NEStalgia?) Shovel Knight happens to be one of the good ones. Think Mega Man meets Ducktales with some light RPG elements and you've got Shovel Knight.You have some modern touches here too. Multiple checkpoints per level and infinite lives means a little less frustration than you would have gotten from this games' ancestors.I've seen reviews that say this game is really hard. While I would agree that it can be frustrating at times; that is simply the nature of this style of game. If you are easily annoyed by multiple deaths, I would say stay clear of any of these type of games in general. Alternately if you enjoy solving platforming sections through trial and error, then you've found a real gem.This game evokes a sense of old school gaming as opposed to mimicking it. The chiptune soundtrack is superb and the overall art style is evocative of NES/SNES era games without leaving it feeling cheap or old school for the sake of it.In a world of  hundreds of pixeled out, chiptuned, 80s and 90s nostalgia cash ins, this game stands out on it's own merit."
,Recommended,250760,16095057,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Howler,You like action RPG games from the nes/snes era of games? This is it! Best of all. It's hard as hell and that is not because of bad controls. They're smooth and easy to use while the game is very difficult but highly rewarding.
,Recommended,250760,13949336,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MASK de Smith,"Pitch-perfect amalgam of Nintendo classics; the lost child of Mega Man 2, Castlevania, and Mario 3."
76561198049424570,Recommended,250760,16033373,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MakenMinez,YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES *10 years later* YES YES YES... THIS GAME IS SO AMAZING!
,Recommended,250760,16102365,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Bermuda Octagon,"If you like Megaman games, get this game."
76561198140801720,Recommended,250760,16121018,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,B5-5 Quarter to One,simply amazing
76561198042419439,Recommended,250760,15755942,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Toxie The Toxic Avenger,Fun game 100/100
76561198027749704,Recommended,250760,15452603,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,RT Final,Castlevania II + Duck Tales + Super Mario 3 + Zelda II + a big sticky mouthful of Mega Man = Shovel Knight.  One of the best games of 2014.
76561197985436773,Recommended,250760,15452968,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MRTPROP1,"F**king hard!!!! But very fun nonetheless.  It will have you tearing out your hair and rage quitting, but it is addictive and you come back to it.  Still need to 100% complete the thing, but absolutely recommend."
76561198061672220,Recommended,250760,15684950,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,House of Venture,What can I say that hasn't been said already? It's an awesome platformer game right out of the 16-bit era.
76561198043192311,Recommended,250760,15685961,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,G-W:| Marfmellow,"well executed 8-bit graphics with a heartwarming story and amazing gaymeplay.I recommend playing this game with a controller, but the keyboard also can be used as a crutch.the groundbreaking idea of a knight with a shovel.. why didnt I think of that?"
76561198137991505,Recommended,250760,15772638,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,chimpmove,"Probably best platform game ever. Also maybe best retro game. The content and settings are both very rich, similar to AAA games. I actually played it for 10 hours until finishing. The controls are perfect, so the game is fun and worth playing and finishing.I don't like 8bit-like games, but the graphics are nice."
,Recommended,250760,15772775,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Based Jabroni™,"There is nothing bad about this game. Nothing. The controls are fluid and never fight against the player. Its a 2D platformer, so no camera problems (har dee har har). Each level/boss is unique and fun. The old NES-esque color palette and music is a tidal wave of sweet nostalgia. The music is just a master piece in its own right. Its a little bit short, but with new game plus and the dlc coming out soon, that wont be a problem for long. The 8-bit graphics make this game timeless, and I guarantee anyone who buys Shovel Knight will come back to it time and time again. This game, without a doubt, is 10 out of 10."
76561198100992162,Recommended,250760,15784437,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Gaylien,This game broke me would recommend
76561198143278524,Recommended,250760,15788161,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,bododec,It was an absolute Blast to play through this game I can recommend It to everibody that is a fan of the old mega man games of just platforming games in general
76561197978731016,Recommended,250760,15773894,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Johnny Tubesocks (again),"A must own. I'm not going to be subjective and say ""must own for fans of old NES games"" or ""must own for fans of platformers,"" it's purely ""a must own."" One of the best games of 2014, extremely enjoyable with a kick♥♥♥♥♥bit soundtrack. Buy two copies, one for you, and one for your friend. Let's get shoveling!"
,Recommended,250760,16800403,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jerimoi,steps for shovel knight:1. Beat it.2.Start new game plus.3.Wait for free DLC.4.Complete 100% of the game #noregrets.
76561198040855980,Recommended,250760,11355264,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ClockTic,This game has such an awesome soundtrack.
76561198111407900,Recommended,250760,11355295,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,GorillaGlasses,"I like the game, but there is only three things it needs.Mod support local multiplayer and online multiplayer."
76561198082490397,Recommended,250760,11361270,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Banished 256,The best fun I've had in years during WoW Maintenance.
76561197960454430,Recommended,250760,11364250,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,jbailey8,"A great throwback to 8-bit gaming! Controls are tight and precise, If you liked playing games on the nes, you'll like this game!"
,Recommended,250760,11368996,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Guyman,"Super fun game, great platforming."
76561198046578289,Recommended,250760,11340269,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,marcybuzzbee,"Ive been excited for this game ever since it was announced on kickstarter. It combines the gameplay from Mega Man, Zelda II, and Duck Tales and it does it flawlessly. Each stage has its own theme/gimmick that is done incredibly well. The controls are really tight, making it fun to traverse obstacles. The music is done extremely well, being some of my favorite music of this genre of game. The graphic style is really good, especailly for the retro look they were going for. The game is pretty difficult, but it wasnt as frustrating as a game like Zelda II. The game is very cartoony, fun, and light hearted. I seriously cannot find a single fault with this game. Its just an absolute joy to play. I give Shovel Knight a 10/10"
76561198020936583,Recommended,250760,11340276,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,MadBeachBro,If you have the money buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game. You will not regret it.
,Recommended,250760,11340543,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,wubalubadubdub,10/10 love this game end of story get it now so great
76561198065211588,Recommended,250760,11340619,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,tanatastic,"This game is amazing in pretty much every way. It can be perfectly described as a combination of 2 parts megaman, 1 part super mario bros 3 and 1 part Duck tales. The gameplay, chiptune soundtrack and retro graphics are perfect. Its just simply platforming, megaman style weapon using and boss fighting goodness.If you have any interest in games like the beforementioned Megaman, mario 3 or ducktales on NES, this game is an easy reccomend and a must play. If you hate those kinds of games, then this prob wont do much to make you like them.A fantastic work of art. Took me about 5 hrs to beat."
,Recommended,250760,11340875,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Ice Tea,10/10 would play on my NES again
,Recommended,250760,11345614,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Sheadog369,"You know that classic video game? No, not that one, the other one. The one with the thing that you like. Shovel Knight has the thing."
,Recommended,250760,11265811,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ResidentEvil92,"Absolutely exceptional game!  10/10  You could not ask for a better old school platformer than this.  The difficulty is perfect and the level design is quite creative.  Boss fights are absolute treats, with randomized attacks.....the soundtrack is icing on the cake, and lemme tell ya, it's damn good."
76561198075770940,Recommended,250760,11266261,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Backup_sound,"Shovel knight is amazing!!! As a fourteen year old, I never got a chance to play games such as mega man and castlevania because...well I was not even an embrio yet. So this game is really my first dip away from emulators and into the real thing. Shovel knight is a 2D platformer which is basicly a love letter to the nes platformers. At least thats what it seems like on the outside on the inside you get a work of art that combines old games like megaman and legend of zelda 2, and uses what made those games good along with updated level design and gameplay. Its amazing really, I mean it's not just a game that uses retro grapics as an excuse. No they made it look and feel like it could be on the nes with megaman but just better. You will notice that I am comparing this game alot to megaman and thats because, Shovel knight is most like megaman. They use the map of mario 3, the towns from LoZ 2 and the levels,music and bosses all are megaman 2 quality or greater. I honestly can not think of one bad thing for me to say about this game. This game is amazing and i recomened anybody at all to go pick it up now. Thats all for me everyone, see you next time!"
,Recommended,250760,11266293,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Kaeoni,"Loved the throwbacks to other 2D games like Megaman and Super Mario, difficulty level is perfect, rewarding gameplay, good sense of humor, and overall just so much fun!If you're a platformer junkie like I am, I highly recommend this title."
76561198115687859,Recommended,250760,11268289,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Stefan Rey,"Everyone is correct, this game is so amazing. This game will keep you coming back no matter how hard the levels get. Some levels are a little crazy hard, now don't get me wrong, difficulty is a good thing but this game can take you to the edge, but I might just suck. If you aren't some idiotic gaming noob that only like grey-brown fps games, Then this game is definantly for you. One of the most fantastically flawless games i've ever played in a  very long time, Totally recommended."
,Recommended,250760,11269157,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Big Veegz,"100% Game Of The Year, it's an old school platformer that is tough at times and really fun! Just buy it!"
,Recommended,250760,11271184,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,sdgundum990,"There is no better feeling than learning while you play. Very reminicent of the Megaman level and boss style. Hard but not impossible. Stylish without overdoing it. Varried levels. Funny and interesting NPC's. And Kickstarter support knights. Those who donated shouldn't feel cheated, those who bought it after will love it. 10/10"
76561198045486124,Recommended,250760,11271376,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,CheerfulJonsku,"I'll make it simple, if you like platformers then you must play this game. It's a 8/16-bit game that knows that it can use modern gamedesign while still keeping the classic feel of the NES and remembers what made those games fun."
,Recommended,250760,11279583,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,gjac,One of the greatest platformers ever played. Stage design and controls are close to perfection. It's quite challenging but never gets unfair. Graphics and music manage to create an authentic NES feeling although they both exceed the actual console's capabilities. 25 years ago I would have spent 5 or 6 times the price I pay today (inflation-adjusted).
76561197967870917,Recommended,250760,11837566,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Scones,"Silly, Melee Megaman with an amazing soundtrack.  Go play it.  Go....now....why are you still reading?  Play it."
76561198207403745,Recommended,250760,17092520,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,tonimore482111,THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME. it is very hard but rewarding.
,Recommended,250760,17303868,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Chrome,"This game is AWESOME. A beautiful blend of classic mechanics used in not so classic ways. The whole game uses stunning hand-crafted 8-bit NES style visuals and music, both which are pleasing to the eyes and ears respectively.I'm currently playing the entire game on YouTube!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=491070493"
,Recommended,250760,17305419,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TruesPCB,only successful kickstarter
76561198165575247,Recommended,250760,17309317,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Xxoredk11erxX,if i had a dollar for every time i said i love shovel knight i would be rich because THIS GAME IS FLIPIN AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!THE GRAPHICS THE STAGE DESIGN THE ENEMIES THE CHALLENGE THE MUSIC DO NOT GET ME STARTED ON HOW MUCH I LOVE THE MUSIC 25% OF THE TIME I WOULD DIE BECAUSE I WOULD FOCUS ON THE MUSIC MORE THAN THE GAME ITSELF 11/10 IM PREORDERING SHOVEL KNIGHT 2 ASAP!
76561198064329728,Recommended,250760,17311909,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Noiscin,just buy it 10/10
,Recommended,250760,17261921,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Frosty,"One of the best platformers ever, get a shovel and dig your way through shovel knight!"
,Recommended,250760,17267527,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,arch0n cs.money,"This is possibly the best platformer I have ever played! The game is fun, and the controls are great too.  The use of relics is genius. If you like the classical Mega Man games, you will probably love this game. 9/10"
76561198142913644,Recommended,250760,17273740,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,redeyedangel299750,"Shovel Knight is an engrossing experience that will test your mettle!As soon as you start Shovel Knight the theme alone will draw you in, the music prepares you for an epic journey.Every Levels music fits perfectly and never gets old.The graphics are retro-styled but they aren't lazy, it's vividly detailed and colorful...far more than could be done on an snes or genesis.The game may play on nostalgia but even the current generation can enjoy the game thanks to the gameplay styles used and the tight controls.Shovel Knight is the closest we'll ever get to a perfect platformer, its great."
76561198167228070,Recommended,250760,17273771,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,mdgcreeper,"This game is fantastic!  So much fun to play, it's challenging, it's humurous, it's actiony!  Playing through the game is so awesome.  The art is really good and the music is very nice, the combat mechanics are very fun!   Especially the downward strike, it's my favorite!  If you're into classic games then this is definetly for you!"
,Recommended,250760,17100771,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,blaXk.i.i,"I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE this game (I love the music too), but it's not as easy as it looks. I was stuck on a level for more than 45 mintues (mostly cuz I'm kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game) but I still love the game. Played the story mode thing twice and I would highly recommend this game :P"
76561198059896926,Recommended,250760,17104060,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Bolt,"I'll forego the typical joke review that I usually post as I feel this game deserves a serious review.There are hundreds of games online that attempt to recapture the magic of a classic 8-bit style game. Shovel Knight is one of the only games I've seen pull this off successfully in a way that did not feel token or like a parody rather than a callback. Shovel Knight is less a ""true"" recreation of the original NES days, and more so a rosy daydream of someone remembering all of the good times and blocking out the bad. This game cherry picks the best qualities of platformer games of that era and finds a way to masterfully mesh them together into a complete package that stands on its own. Make no mistake, this game has numerous references to Duck Tales, Mario Bros., and a very large helping of Mega Man. However, it references these games in the mechanics and gameplay, rather than, say, countless billboards depicting prison-dodgingly close representations of popular characters, or already-out-of-date memes being spat out by every single NPC in the game (sorry Guacamelee, but that gets very old after a while).In short, for all of its references and callbacks to days long gone, Shovel Knight is a game that not only stands on its own two legs, but delivers an experience that may not necessarily offer too many new mechanics, but offers what mechanics it has in an unmatched and beautifully put-together way. If you only buy one pandering 8-bit ""classic"" game, make sure it's Shovel Knight."
,Recommended,250760,17254357,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Qweras85,"""Erry day I'll be shovelin' "" said everyone when playing this game."
76561197983112150,Recommended,250760,17275570,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mistan,"Beutifully presented With tight controlls and Smart layout with mechanics we know and love. Why change what isen't broken why not Re introduce mechanics into one game and create new scenarios with them, That is what shovel knight does and it does it very well.The music is fantastic and the games theming is both cute and incredibly tightly designed.This game is one of my favorites. and should be played by anyone who likes games. i mean game - games."
,Recommended,250760,17277946,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Good Ol' Sticks,Almost as good as Ocarina of Time10/10 would dig up emerald again
,Recommended,250760,13463326,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chapel,"There are SO many retro style games, like this, that really dont sucseed to capture that true NES feel to it, mainly because of either the insane difficulty, controls are bad on PC (cough:AVGNAdventures:couch) and other reasons. Now some games in this style capture it, but arent perfect, like Volgarr the viking. No to step out of the box were in currently, Shovel knights is actully a game that could be called, perfect. This game captures every aspect of an NES sidescroller, and does every little thing perfectly.  The art style looks so authentic, the music is so chiptuney, and seems so classes, heck, even the text looks like it came straight out of a zelda games. This game is better than good. Its Amaazing 10/10"
76561198206028628,Recommended,250760,16579412,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Prime_Paradox,"It's 2D retro, side scrolling action. How can you go wrong?Shovel knight is a fun little game that'll take you back to the past. It's like a mix of super mario bros 3, zelda 2, ghost and goblins, and castlevania.Epic game and highly recommended."
,Recommended,250760,16585465,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lewd Tristy,"I have been looking to buy this game for a long time, and when the Steam Summer Sale rolled around i decided to pick it up. My only regret by doing so was that i hadn't picked it up earlier. When i booted up the first level i was IMMEDEATLY captured by the graphical design and the astonishing soundtrack. Everything was just about right, it got me hyped to set out on an adventure to beat the Order of No Quarter. Along my journey i would encounter funny and interesting NPC's who said little to none, but all managed to encapsulate the story and lore of this facinating universe.A simple, yet deep game with many a challenge for you to overcome.10/10Pros:God-Tier SoundtrackCreative Level DesignGreat Difficulty CurveLovely AestheticHorrible PunsCons:ShortLeaves you wanting moreCan be frustrating at times"
76561198050360176,Recommended,250760,16589619,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Verakum,I only have 1 hour playing this game and I am already loving it... Perfect game that represent the old 2D sidescrollers.The soundtracks do engage you and make you enjoy the game without realizing it.
,Recommended,250760,16727741,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,FoxDan,Really intresting and wonderful 8Bit Game really enjoyed playing it on another account will try to bit this 8Bit game again ;)
76561198107643496,Recommended,250760,11958715,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Che,Shovel Knight delivers solid platforming; great level design with a  soundtrack that brings back fond memories of some of my favorite NES games.
,Recommended,250760,11992243,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,FUCK TORNADO,Fulfills my lifelong dream of hitting assorted creatures with a shovel.
76561198062097238,Recommended,250760,12042203,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,vulgerrity,"In a time without Megman, this game puts a fresh take on a classic style and help scratch the itch, for the side scrolling platformers of yester year, quite well. It doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it doesn't need too."
,Recommended,250760,12030474,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Salad lives matter,"this game is so hard but is so fun, play it no matter what it is worth the 15$ //////////////// 5/5 it just is so epic because it is a milkshake of duck tails , mega man , castlevania and legend of zelda 2 !////////////////////////   1/5 dont even bother 2/5 try it 3/5 get it/ 4/5 play it 5/5 complet it jirad style aka the completionest"
76561198019437760,Recommended,250760,11979689,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Santo,"This...this is a 2D not-nearly-as-soul-crushing version of Dark Souls. It is absolutely great fun.The sound track, is amazing. Wish I could buy it from steam.Buy it buy it buy it.And then play it."
76561198098787267,Recommended,250760,12027604,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Davestroyer,Only way to describe this game is amazing on par if not better than classics like megaman mario and zelda11 out of 10
,Recommended,250760,12060454,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Technically Back (Kinda),"Retro-stylizied action platformer where you play as a blue knight called Shovel Knight. The point of the game is to rescue your friend, Shield Knight, from the evil Enchantress and her Order of No Quarter. This game has a lotta references to other media, but not in a way that detracts from the atmosphere like Borderlands 2. The dialogue is well written and a kind of silly-funny. The bard has a little joke for each page you give them. Townsfolk say a select phrase from a list, some of them funny, others helpful hints on how to get around town and where to go.Each member of the Order of No Quarter has a level dedicated to them that fits their theme. It's kinda like Mega Man; a knight that uses ice has an ice level with slippery platforms, a flying knight has a level on an airship that uses wind in different ways to help you move around. The game never really feels cheap, when it introduces a new mechanic or enemy it gives you ample time and space to review the surroundings and assess what's going on. When you die, it tends to be your fault. It's similar to Dark Souls in that you have to put some thought into when to attack and how you'll attack, since your attack animation is just long enough to expose yourself to an attack.There are (at least as far as I've gotten in the game as of writing this) two towns you can visit to get upgrades and items. Here's where the personality of the game has a chance to shine, since the townsfolk are varied and interesting. There's kids in little ninja outfits that run around, there's old goat men with canes dressed like a LoZ2 villager, there's horsemen wearing fancy hats. The world feels varied and more mystical when you're buying meal tickets from a goat that continuously eats pages from a book they are carrying.Speaking of which, the upgrade system is a bit odd. For health, you buy meal tickets from a villager in the town, then jump on a platform and hand the ticket to a chef, who prepares you food (which is a 10 or so second long animation) that increases your health. But to upgrade your magic, you just have to go a little bit to the right and talk to a sorcerer. This extra step that's added for the health upgrades could be because the meal tickets are limited in number, and if you wish to upgrade your health even further beyond what the meal tickets can give you, you have to get better at the actual levels of the game. This is a great way to encourage players to practice and hone their skills to prepare them for the later levels of the game, while at the same time rewarding players for doing well and completeing small challenges that give helpful rewards.After you beat a level, Shovel Knight rests for the night by a campfire, and you have a chance of entering one of his dreams. The dreams are typically about Shield Knight falling as you control Shovel Knight, who has to survive the countless enemies that show up and catch her. A nice way to show his close connection to Shield Knight through gameplay since you, the player, are just as concerned as Shovel is about her well-being in the dream, since it rewards you with some gold. You can also get some money by putting out the fire after you wake up, a nice touch to add more character to Shovel Knight, a man so chivalrous and kind he wouldn't dare start a forest fire.All in all this game is brilliant. From soundtrack to gameplay to design, this game really shines. If you pass this game up for any reason other than you get incredibly ill whenever you play games centered around knights, then you are missing out on an indie gem. Probably one of my favorite games I've played all year. Buy it, whether it's on sale or not."
76561198141706773,Recommended,250760,12014581,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Captain Peecard,One of the best games you will ever play! <3
,Recommended,250760,12019569,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,purpleman1426,"As soon as I started playing this game, I said, ""good bye life."""
,Recommended,250760,10928216,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,vivisect6,"Shovel Knight is FANTASTIC!!  I am about half way through and I am loving it so far. I highly recommend it to anyone that grew up playing the 8bit Capcom platformers. Fantastic tight controls, crisp clean graphics, excellent music and sound effects, challenging and rewarding gameplay, and an instantly memorable hero. Superb Victory!"
76561197979615385,Recommended,250760,12020416,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,B_Dragon84,"If your a fan of the classic megaman games or just about any NES classic then this game is for you. it takes the best elements from some of the classic games and blends them with indie goodness. great retro graphics a awesome soundtrack and gameplay that will having you say ""just one more level"" for hours. easy to pickup a challange to master and highly recommended."
76561198049997203,Recommended,250760,12022764,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Theme57,Very unique game that is essentially the child of the more popular and fun NES and SNES titles. Definitely worth the money.
76561198061919276,Recommended,250760,12027208,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Double00negative,A fun and addictive game
,Recommended,250760,11877911,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Gangplank the Barrel,"You get a shovel.You get to jump on stuff with the shovel.You can get relics to help do stuff.You get to fight bosses.You save your true love. The end. 10/10. Amazing game, didn't pay attention to the story."
76561198066962499,Recommended,250760,11881543,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Overlord_Aeon,I laughed. I cried. I got mad. It was awesome.15/10 Shovels for everyone
,Recommended,250760,11882477,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,ElMatts,"Maybe the best game I've played in a couple of years, Every aspect of this game is GREAT!Awesome for those who suffer NEStalgia!"
76561198072833504,Recommended,250760,12007297,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Branstone,"Difficult, but rewarding platformer/fighting. Levels are all unique, full of character, and beautiful. All bosses have their own styles, everything is fresh, and i would buy it again if i could. Thank you for this amazing game."
,Recommended,250760,13673657,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Brooks AKA #SWAGRID,"I have owned this game on 3ds and WiiU since it came out, just picked it up for PC as well now.Absolutely without a doubt the best game of 2014 for me in every regard. The music is wonderful, the challenge is just right, the controls are so tight that if you die it's always your own fault, the punishment for death isn't too severe. Buy this game. You will not regret it."
76561198119141513,Recommended,250760,13673867,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ferrarimiles,Shovel Knight Review:Shovel night is a great game! It is like an old NES game. I have and will always love these kinds of games. If you got a spare $15 I would very much reccomend it! Scorewise 9.8/10. Buy this game if you haven't already!
,Recommended,250760,13650653,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,coldcaller,"This game is a must-play to all who love either side-scrolling or action platforming games. Shovel Knight draws inspiration from games like Mario, Mega man, Castle vania and Duck tales. Shovel Knight involves the story of 2 knights whose adventures are halted when a cursed amulet keep half of the duo trapped in the ""Tower of fate"". Grieving over his partners for some he lives in isolation, away from society . But suddenly out of nowhere an evil witch named the ""Enchantress"", she gathers 8 daring knights to become ""The order of no quarter"". Shovel Knight, realizing what's going on and sets out to stop these knights and end the Enchantress's rein for good. You must find the rest out in the epic quest called ""Shovel Knight""!"
,Recommended,250760,12537265,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Darothar,BUY IT!!!!
76561198125113333,Recommended,250760,13653419,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Blanket Octopus,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,250760,13653642,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Murphachino,The sense of nostalgia I experienced while playing this was absolutely euphoric. Shovel Knight draws inspiration from several 8-bit NES games including DuckTales and the Mega Man franchise. I'd recommend this to any fan of the sidescrolling platformer genre.
76561198073404290,Recommended,250760,13655287,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BanjoKaBoomie,GOTY 2014!(I dig it)
,Recommended,250760,13655289,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GiggityMan,Murder-Stuff-With-A-Shovel-Simulator 2014. One of the best games ever. 10/10!
,Recommended,250760,13656310,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,thedandylion,"It's good, buy it, play it"
76561197998007257,Recommended,250760,13656976,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jetstorm,A fantastic nod to the golden days of 8bit gaming! Any retro gaming fan will want to add this to their collection immediately!
76561198062949528,Recommended,250760,13657037,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,dhirforever,this game is awsome
76561198012963741,Recommended,250760,13657216,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,wenslydail,"What you've heard is true, this game is awesome.BUT it suffers from a classic ""old-school"" game problem...water level"
,Recommended,250760,13657399,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"Most games that go for the NES style graphics and gameplay fail, not Shovel Knight, Shovel Knight would have being a great addition to my NES library."
76561198053989764,Recommended,250760,13657403,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Guts,"This game, in just the last boss sequence, made me have more feels than all the David Cage games combined.10/10, go play it"
76561198079787646,Recommended,250760,13657669,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tokyo MCR,"Just awesome games, feels nostalgia"
76561198030781942,Recommended,250760,13658436,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Raditz,This is megaman 2 in 2014. 10/10
,Recommended,250760,19870145,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,AntonRoks13,The ♥♥♥♥ing best
,Recommended,250760,19874645,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,A Bum,"Super awesome puzzle platformer with a wide variety of enemies, hidden stuff, and classic story.  What more can you ask for?"
,Recommended,250760,19879939,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Crickton,Best Megaman game in the last 20 years
,Recommended,250760,19917477,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sputnik,Is Good
,Recommended,250760,19917789,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,A Sexy Orange,"One of the best games I've ever played. Don't hesitate to buy this at all. You won't regret it. It has a memorable soundtrack, great gameplay, great characters, and loads of content. I've played much more than 6 hours on my 3DS, so disregard my playtime as it's not accurate. Easily a 10/10."
,Recommended,250760,19925925,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Warrior Of Corn®,"I had an absolute blast playing this game, I would recommend it for any platforming or retro style fans! The controls are tight, bosses are challenging and I never felt like the game was unfair in any way. I still have a bunch of challenges to do, so replayability is good too. Worth every cent!"
,Recommended,250760,19816643,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Skyy,Dem old schoolz.
,Recommended,250760,19835757,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Yono,"Greatest sidescroller of all time. It's like if the best parts of Megaman, Zelda, and Castlevania all came together."
,Recommended,250760,19835406,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Moneybags,A love letter to classic platformers with modern sensibilities. Best of it's kind two years in a row.
,Recommended,250760,19847625,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,slugger,great game with the GREATEST (emphasis on the EST) soundtrack of any game ever
76561197969683841,Recommended,250760,30658005,Posted: 21 March,all,Karl Schwartz,"Mega Man X is one of my favorite platformers. I really ""dig"" this game."
76561198037226773,Recommended,250760,19812944,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,poxpower,"Really well crafted NES replica game. The story is great and the world is beautiful. The bosses and ability system are all original and take skill to do. The Plague of Shadows ""new game+"" mode is also really tight and surprisingly deep.The main gripe I have is that the stages are just a somewhat repetitive spike pit avoidance game. Nothing matters but the spike pits because that's the only thing that'll ever kill you more than once. I cruised through all the bosses easily and it's interesting to try and figure out their weaknesses but then you get back into the stages and again it's just nothing but trick jump after trick jump after trick jump. Just kill me please, I don't want to play ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mario.Anyway, still a great game."
,Recommended,250760,11062327,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,CadeMan011,"This game is great for both fans of old platformers (ex: Sonic, Mario, Mega Man, etc.) and gamers looking to get into the platformer genre. I highly reccomend this game to anybody."
76561198043410027,Recommended,250760,19787603,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Vandaros,"Nostalgic and classic. Great chip-tune sound track, and a game for everyone from the completer and hard core players to casuals."
,Recommended,250760,19801775,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Raging Plan,10/10 potatoes. Perfect game!
,Recommended,250760,19792758,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,End137,I love this game and the new Plague of Shadows! I hope this keeps getting better!I would love to see you guys make it to where we can play as Specter Knight as well as some of the others1Keep on going guys!
76561198117204064,Recommended,250760,19987947,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,QueeQuey,"I cried when the game ended..... not because of the story itself, but because of the fact that the there was no more gameplay....Then I realized that I unlocked challenge mode, as well as new campaigns including a harder version of the main campaign as well as plauge of shadows.Come along and buy this fantastic game while you can and enjoy almost every second of the ride!"
,Recommended,250760,19969716,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Shadowff61337,"A great game. Well designed with a great amount of quality, and most of all fun."
76561198120447104,Recommended,250760,19955146,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Samurai Cop,"Save your tall girlfriend, then a second campaign where you have to impress your tall girlfriend, 10/10"
76561198097325984,Recommended,250760,19863889,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,marshi100,Fantastic retro experience with enough rpg elements and secrets to warrant many hours.
,Recommended,250760,18650506,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Catalyst,gr8
,Recommended,250760,18648514,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,pogun1,"When someone buys a computer, Xbox One, or PS4, this game should come with every single one. Why are you looking at the reviews? Buy this game! It has everything that anyone would ever want in a game. Unless your a CoD fanatic, in that case, go to your local home depot and buy some heavy duty rope. I shouldn't have to even explain why it's good. JUST BUY IT!!!!"
76561198051835741,Recommended,250760,18607790,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Scarfy,"Respectably riveting, rapaciously righteous, ridiculously replayable."
,Recommended,250760,12940992,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Rei,"This is not my main version of the game, mainly playing this on 3DS for, in the beginning, just for review purposes, I, by now, finished the game 100% with all Feats and Challenged.Why am I telling this?Well, when first hearing about this game I didnt put much interest in it, it looked alright, nothing special, just a small Indie game that will eventually be forgotten about after maybe a week or so.Not really.First time I actually saw Gameplay, was at SGDQ 2014, in a speedrun there. It did look awesome, I had to admit, like a Platformer I could enjoy. The price didnt seem bad, so why not?So I bought it on Steam, but soon I noticed that this game could be my probably favourite Platformer.Even before finishing it on PC, I got it on my 3DS, just to get this console feeling, rather than playing it.I felt like a child again, sitting at my console, playing platformers.It was awesome!Can't say really much, all stages have unique elements, you got a low of customization on yourself, a lot of special weapons, tactics, few side enemies or side areas.Also, this game is not even complete, with the standard game I already felt like it was worth every cent/penny, but recently, when Plague of Shadows was added, I had a reason to pick this up again, finishing it on my 3DS, up until I'm at 100% completion again, and even having a small speedrun the other day on my Twitch Channel, making a no items/cash run on the new protagonist Plague Knight.Still, there are two more to follow, Specter Knight and King Knight.Those will be added as well without a charge or price change. Pick this game up to live out the nostalgia of old time with this wonderful modern time Platformer!"
,Recommended,250760,18595244,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Decoy,A NES game that plays like a SNES game running on a PC.
,Recommended,250760,18593382,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,JackofBlades,WARNING IF YOU ARE NOT A PR OAT PLATFORMS THIS GAME IS IMPOSSIBLE AND WILL MAKE YOU BREAK WHATEVER DEVICE IT IS ON but if you are a pro get it cause its fun if you dont die and lose your mone y100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 times because of an impossible jump
,Recommended,250760,18661783,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Puffmax,"This game hits all the 8-bit platforming, pleasure centers on my brain."
,Recommended,250760,30576969,Posted: 17 March,all,Wazat1,"Played and loved the main game, felt satisfied and very pleased with myself for the victory.  And then I learned there was an entire separate campaign called Plague of Shadows, unexpected, free.  And it was even... BETTER!!!Honestly this game is one of the best I've played in a long time.  It's very hard in some places, but it's also very fair and gives you lots of tools you can use to solve a problem or boss fight in different ways.  I had a lot of fun playing through both campaigns, even though I swore a lot through the hard bits.  ^_^  And I love the characters in the game, both the good guys and the villains.  Especially Plague Knight and Mona.  Basically everyone is wonderful.  Play this game for its everything!"
,Recommended,250760,18667822,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,PapaSmerf,This is a very good game and is very fun but only certain people will have fun in this game.If you are very impatient and just wanna get through games quickly i dont reccomend it because you have extremely patient and you will mess up more and more and more and more times then you can imagine. I can make a 3 hour montage of all of my deaths and i only completed like 3 levels. Im not hating the game because its great but if you hate to repeat things over and over again and your impatient then this is probably not the game for you.
76561198073035917,Recommended,250760,18669642,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Aperture Intern 221B,"The game is good, however, the controls are a little sticky. It can make the game somewhat frustrating. Overall, the learning curve is not too bad, and the game really brings home a lot of nostalgia."
,Recommended,250760,18630127,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Mau'Dib,S'GOOD
,Recommended,250760,18666592,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Where's the Pepsi?,Why the ♥♥♥♥ haven't you bought this yet?
,Recommended,250760,18694788,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Spoopy Axolotl,Shovel Knight; The ReviewIt's fun when you want to kill someone...10/10 would hiss again
,Recommended,250760,18689941,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Lazurah,"Felt like I needed to write a review for Shovel Knight because of how much I loved playing it, but am unsure of what to say that hasn't already been said.It looks and feels like a game out of the early 90s but, at the same time, it isn't. It's challenging where it needs to be. It feels nostalgic without relying on references. It's... an indie action platformer with unapologetic retro-style pixel graphics BUT IT'S REALLY GOOD AND TIMELESS CLASSIC AND BLAH BLAH BL"
76561198123691983,Recommended,250760,18697584,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Huffder,"THIS GAME IS SO GOOD.Seriously. The nostalgia is strong with this one. I spent many hours as a kid playing Megaman and Battletoads and other amazing platformer games like them. This game combines the best of all platformers with an epic soundtrack to make a brilliant, ingenius game that tickles my nostalgia bone. This game is great, and the latest Plague of Shadows (free) DLC makes it much more interesting, offering an entire new way to play the game. Seriously, there is no reason to not pick up this game. Even if you're not a fan of platformers, it's still a great game. So, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,250760,18724790,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ItsCynicalChris,by far the most fun platformer i've played in a long time10/10
,Recommended,250760,18602495,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Downiepour,Game=Most fun i've had playing with myself since i got the Fenrir Medium with♥♥♥♥♥TubeMusic=♥♥♥♥♥♥icPLAY THIS GAME. PLEASE.10/10
76561198212458960,Recommended,250760,18685327,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,mlp2385,I love the 8-bit old school vibe this game emits...i had my doubts at first...but it is not to be underestimated.  It is definately worth a shot.
76561198170752326,Recommended,250760,18688752,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Koasz,A beutiful Retro game that really brings back the old the old style of gameplay where everytime you die its your fault for not being good enough but even though the game is difficult the feeling of victory is the most rewarding thing in the entire world. not to mention the glorious art style and mechanics that brilliantly compliment every aspect of the game if you are a fan of retro or even if you arent pick this one upAlso you can play hackeysack with a beatle10/10
,Recommended,250760,20451911,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,aquacustom,"Shovel Knight is the greatest indie game to have come out in 2014. Shovel Knight takes what was layed down for them in games such as Ducktales and Mega Man and goes futher. Accompained by this, the game has  a great little over 8 bit visuals, and a great score by Jake Kauffman, also with free DLC Yacht Club Games have created one of the greatest call backs to NES classics."
76561198199220210,Recommended,250760,30678414,Posted: 22 March,all,Elijah,I played the first level over and over just 'cause I liked the music!
,Recommended,250760,14115316,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Stellaryu,Ahhhhh.. Good ol' nostalgica of the NES era. This game is defintely worth the price that it's now! Especially if you love games that use the 8-bit colour scheme. It's great seeing games like this are still using the 8-bit colour palette to create neat looking character sprites and backgrounds! ;DAnd the music that is compossed in this game is soooo great!  Even though I haven't beat the whole game... yet. :PUpdate:Just beat the whole main game and started to begin the Plague Knight DLC content. Pretty great :V
76561197990838402,Recommended,250760,20535359,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Thealus,Like a mix of Ghost and Goblins and Megaman. Amazingly fun and the Pixel-Art graphics are beautiful.Played thru as both Shovel Knight and Plague Knight and cannot wait for future content! <3
,Recommended,250760,20562464,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,hauntedconstellations,10/10ChallengingInterestingBeautiful Pixel artBeautiful soundtrackInteresting charactersJust a really awesome game that id recommend to everyone
,Recommended,250760,20565355,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,5hreDDy,Absolutely brilliant game. A love letter to the classic era of gaming.
,Recommended,250760,20593220,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"Shovel Knight is an incredible experience that feels like a cross between DuckTales and Mega Man for the NES.  If you like retro-themed platformers, or are at least open to trying one, buy this game.  It is easily one of the best--if not the best--indie game ever made.  I can't think of a single negative thing to say about this game.  There are towns, optional challenges, lots of upgrades, great levels--I could go on for ages.Really, just buy this game."
76561198151224022,Recommended,250760,20564748,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,MaxHydroStorm,"This game is a masterpiece.Everything about this game is perfect. The level design makes me want to cry over how amazing it is. It's the same with the music. Your character controls extremely well, and with continued free updates adding content upon content, it's definatly worth buying if you like platforming games at all."
76561198198258733,Recommended,250760,20565099,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,gmom610,This game is so good
,Recommended,250760,20572760,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Wrex24,"I cant state how much i love this game, from my hours alone you can tell my love for this game. and  that doesnt count my hours on the 3ds. Simply. Amazing."
76561198080263894,Recommended,250760,20580326,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Daborgon,1
,Recommended,250760,20599419,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DirtyBird,I don't know the old day classic games cause I was an infant but this was pretty chill.
76561198059023195,Recommended,250760,19793482,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,evil chicken,its fun game its cost me some time to do the levels but its a good and fun game so its worth the time the music sounds a bit oldschool to me but i just like that
76561198163201627,Recommended,250760,20508932,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ice Bear,Great game brings back the nostalga of the old 2-D platformers!
76561198082567304,Recommended,250760,20558892,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,IDunnoBro,"Wow... Shovel Knight. I'll begin by saying that's this is just an instant classic with so many compelling things that make it such a unique and amazing game: from the brilliantly composed soundtrack, the beautiful graphic design and the intricacy of the level designs and even the boss fights, Shovel Knight is one of those games that you're always searching for in hopes to become the mysteriously admirable hero on a quest to save the one you love in a land plagued by chaos and desperation. It is its simplicity that makes this game so great with such a unique style and atmoshpere. Absolutely recommend this game to those who wish to experience what true art in the video-game format is. One of my all-time favourites: 5/5"
,Recommended,250760,20478639,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Chrys,"Spectacular, incredibly entertaining and fun. No real difficulty curve, but manages to stay great.10/10"
,Recommended,250760,20551859,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,bosman752,"This game is great. I love the Knight's unique shovel weapon and it's uses. I have a lot of positives for this game, but there are three the stand out to me.1.Learning Curve-This can be a difficult game, but it ramps up perfectly. The controls are very fluent, and although I feel the game did cheat me a few times, it's only makes you want to play it more.2.It has a slight RPG element to where you can upgrade your characters health and magic. If you search and spent your gems, you can get all kinds of weapons and abilities to make the game easier.3.Nostalgia-The game kind of reminds me of a mix of Adventures of Link and Castlevania. It seems that this game took some of the best elements of both games and gelled them perfectly.It's a great game and you should give it a go!"
,Recommended,250760,20551903,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,DanBcReasons,"This is a great platforming game, with an aspect of adventure. Makes me feel like I'm playing Super Mario Bros. but like, better? I don't know how to explain it, but the charm of this game is awesome. I definately reccomend this game for all of you, and if you aren't a platformer, meh, shouldn't play it. I also love the pixelated graphics, I feel too many games try too hard to feel real, but Shovel Knight makes me feel inside of the game, regardless of how it looked."
76561198043820579,Recommended,250760,20562971,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Sensimax,It's a retro game that actually looks and plays like it's on the NES. It mixes rock solid platforming with a little bit of RPG elements and a decent soundtrack that doesn’t sound like a dial up modem. And the story is actually meaningful. 10/10
76561198061645628,Recommended,250760,20637610,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Choach,lots of fun
,Recommended,250760,13766674,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TR1PL3stack,Amazing 'retro' platformer.  Just hard enough to be challenging but still loads of fun.  Sound track is awesome too.
,Recommended,250760,13770249,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jt4mtb,"Shovel Knight is a love letter to classic 8-bit games. This action platformer takes cues from classics like Mega Man and Castlevania, but manages to blend it together and establishes its own feel.The level design is outstanding and well thought out. It provides a modest but fair challenge that is reminiscent to its inspirations. It tests your platforming skills at times, which combined with its tight controls makes the experience a joy to play.Rounding out each level are excellent bosses. Each member of the Order of No Quarter is unique in their design and fighting patterns. They are a tough bunch, but once you recognize their patterns taking each one down is ever so satisfying.Capping the experience is an excellent soundtrack. The chiptunes are another loving touch to the 8-bit aestetic. Each track is head-thumpingly catchy.Overall, Shovel Knight manages to envoke nostalgic feelings of classic games from 20 years ago, but yet feels fresh. It provides a challenge, but never feels unfair. If you're a gamer that grew up in the NES era, you really need to play Shovel Knight."
76561198116209691,Recommended,250760,13774318,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,brandon.wellington25,This is a must buy for anyone that is a big fan of the NES era. Everything controls well and its very fun. It's pretty challenging. I think the only thing bad I'd say about it is it's mega man repackaged with his guns taken away. You'll see what i'm talking about but its still a really awesome game. Would reccomend and i'm picky about these types of games.
76561198054535634,Recommended,250760,13774531,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Morehumanheart,One of my top 10 games. Shovel knight really has a great nostalgic feel and gameplay. I loved all the enemies and other knights. The story is very straight forward but still fits well . Combat is simple but very rewarding for using just a shovel. I can't count how many times I've played through the game. Play this game!!!10/10 The troupple king's dance is the best
,Recommended,250760,13774674,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MetzTZ,A Great Retro Platformer!
76561198158356674,Recommended,250760,13774911,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kumo Stormwind,"Only played the first few levels of this game, but I already enjoy the gameplay a lot. The graphics and gameplay remind me of the classic Mega Man series mixed with Duck Tales and the soundtrack is pretty catchy as well. The game presents a fair challenge and the controls are easy to pick up. Definetly worth picking up if you're a fan of retro games and/or platformers."
,Recommended,250760,13775441,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ducks are cool,"A really good game that you can beat in two or three sessions. It's short but quality. I think the first playthrough is way too easy, though, and new game+ is barely a difficutly increase (mainly just makes checkpoints farther apart). There is self selected difficulty increases/push your luck elements where you can destroy a checkpoint for more money, but the game overflows with cash at every turn and you'll never find yourself lacking for it so there's little reason to actually destroy checkpoints. Once you reach New Game+ you'll have everything unlocked anyway, so money becomes literally pointless. Troupple King should charge gold for his amazingly strong potions instead of just giving them out for free because then there'd at least be a reason to try to keep hoarding gold. Instead, once you unlock everything (which takes very little time) you spend the last few dungeons not caring whatsoever about making mistakes - which makes the penalty for dying dissappear, and thus completely kills the game's difficutly since every room is just a fairly simple puzzle, some of which are directly ripped from classic old games (loved the Mario-esque tower climb towards the end though).I'm really tired of games trying to get their replayability out of a ""new game+"" mode (that isn't really different at all or significantly more difficult) and out of possible achievements to hunt for. Huge dissapointment there. The first runthrough was so easy I had to intentionally not use armor upgrades because they made the game a faceroll. The game also feels way too short (barely 7 hours for a full runthrough), but I think part of the problem is the Mario 3 based map reminds me of that game, which was significantly longer and had far more little side missions to do (this game has like 4) and random map encounters (I saw I think 6 or 7 total, 4 of which were scripted battles).Still, it's otherwise a very well designed game with amazing music. Most of my deaths made me laugh or applaud them for their clever design. Probably will finish my new game+ playthrough at some point just because the gameplay is so solid, but as someone whose favorite games of all time include Zelda 2 and Mega Man 2 - as someone who happily lives and breathes the mega challenging platformer, this is only a respectful nod to the historical greats with really tight, fun gameplay - but with all the teeth and bite removed.I'd give it a very solid 8/10 and recommend it, but if you aren't into the idea of chasing achievements or playing through nearly the same content again but easier because you have all the upgrades, the hours per $ spent falls flat of my personal standards ($1/hour of gameplay)."
,Recommended,250760,13777133,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SilverDeathLord,"i cant stop replaying this game, everything about it is just so right, soundtrack is amazing, controls feel nice, and you can change up playthroughs via the different armor upgrades, i bought this game on a hunch, and it paid off, and since i'm one of those people that tries their hardest to get achievements, i'm gonna need to play as much as possible to get all of them"
76561198031051733,Recommended,250760,13777678,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FKinTheCoffee,"Maybe the best I've ever played, you should buy this game."
76561198064894720,Recommended,250760,13778233,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Burninator,"The best side-scrolling, 8-bit game I've ever played in my life."
,Recommended,250760,13816552,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,C_Lab_Cpt2021,Much more fun than just a nolstagia trip. Just an amazing game through and through.  Simply a stand out  gem in my libary. A favorite of all of 2014.
76561198065695785,Recommended,250760,13817317,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,T h e  P e r f e c t  V i e w,PROS:-Cool graphics-Awsome megaman-esq music-Cool bosses-Great controlsCONS:Invisible trinket is OP
,Recommended,250760,13818238,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,水,"It's a good game, with lots of features from games that you know and love: Mega Man, DuckTales, Mario, Castlevania... I would name more, but I was born in the era of the Playstation and the death of the SNES, so I don't know any more games. However, since it lends its inspiration and mechanics from NES titles... it shows the age of those mechanics. I found myself being cheated into deaths too often from a sudden momentum gain on a single block, slightly imprecise hitboxes and knockback. However, this game is enjoyable, and I recommend you pick it up. I'd give this game a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,250760,13820427,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,thepolkapunk,"If you enjoy classic NES games, particularly Mega Man, I cannot recommend this game enough. It is a loving tribute to everything that made the original Nintendo Entertainment System great."
76561197997332605,Recommended,250760,13820620,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ONE_BIG_MOB1,"Where I feel Shovel Knight could be improved:Level design: lacking originality, imagination, ""wow"" factorNew Game+: very disappointing; no additional enemies or added contentExtras: no other playable characters or features outside the core game to add replayabilityEnemy design: little variety in character models.Story: often predictable, with only minor innovations such as Shield Knight being Shovel Knight's partner and not just a helpless damsel in distress.Generally, it feels like the developers took a very conservative and risk-averse approach to its design, and the end result fails to be truly great because of this. It's nothing more than a lovingly crafted homage to classic titles from gaming's prehistoric era, and nothing less."
,Recommended,250760,13822431,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TakingDOOMP,"Quite possibly the easiest ""hard"" game you'll ever play. Shovel Knight is patterened after the super hard platformers of the NES/SNES/Genesis days, but it lacks the♥♥♥♥♥tearing difficulty. That said, it's quite possibly the best game I played in 2014. The level design is great, the music consists of one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard, and the game as a whole is very fun and exceedingly well made. The dialogue is hilarious, but there's very little here in terms of a ""story"" (although what little there is works). As for content, I'd say if you really REALLY enjoy old school platformers, you will get your money's worth with Shovel Knight. If not, pick it up on sale.The game is honestly closer to Kirby than Mega Man, as it is 99% non-frustrating (unless you like to blame deaths on everything but your own lack of skill). It's fun as hell though, and if you need more difficulty, new game+ ramps it up or you can always not pick up health/magic boosts and rely on your shovel rather than magic to get through fights.tl;dr - It's gud but not hard, buy it if you like platformers.le epin meme review for people who only look at meme reviews - liek omg he called King Knight a decadent dandy XDDDDD shovel/10"
76561198141324337,Recommended,250760,13720698,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Stop it Bop It!,THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD DO YOU LIKE 8-BIT I LIKE 8-BIT IT REMIND ME OF CHILDHOOD AND ALSO SHOVELS ARE IN THE GAME AND THEY ARE COOL AS WELL AND THE GAME IS ALSO ROMANCE BECAUSE GIRL KNIGHT IS THERE BUT GAME ALSO SAD BECAUSE GIRL KNIGHT DIE SO YOU SHOULD GET GAME.
76561198044437014,Recommended,250760,13722446,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ghost Ryan,"It's a bit short (~6 hours), but it's one of the best platformers I've played in a good while."
76561198260597454,Recommended,250760,19086313,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Pepe,Great
,Recommended,250760,19075170,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Doodledodo,GOOD STORYNOSTALGIC VISUALSREMARKABLE GAMEPLAYMEMORABLE CHARACTERAMAZING SOUNDTRACK & MUSICTHE BEST EXPERIENCE I HAVE HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFETIMEDESERVES THE 10/10 THAT IGN GAVE IT
,Recommended,250760,19035066,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Seklund87,10/10
,Recommended,250760,19063431,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,"AXEMAN, Connoisseur of Memes","I got this game expecting a cheap-borderline enjoyable game. I got a wonderful hybrid with the setting of an LoZ game, a map like super mario bros. 3, and a LoZ-Megaman hybrid gameplay. Once I beat the main game I found out that there was an update called ""plague of shadows"" which not only makes the game better, but it adds a whole new campagin around an enemy knight, with a great story, fun gameplay, an overall wonderful game. alongside all of this, shovel knight accomplished the best pixelated graphic i've ever seen. To be honest the only thing that could be better is the music. It's not bad, but it's not wonderful. However the music being the only bad thing about this game, I say that it is definatly worth the low price of $15, and even less on sale."
,Recommended,250760,19072087,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Queen Chrysalis,"This might be ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE!!!!but i dont want to melt my heart out on it too much. here is a run down.CONTROLS:You can rebind the controls so that isnt a big deal, but in the rebind menu, you can apparently USE A REAL NES CONTROLLER! THATS IS SO COOL!.......Anyways, shovel knight (your character) moves very smoothly, you feellike that you have 100% control, and if you make a mistake, thats YOUR FAULT, not the game'sSTORY: the story is a bit generic, but still tolerableYou are trying to get to the TOWER OF FATE,gaurded by the ORDER OF NO QUARTER, to rescue your fellow knight SHIELD KNIGHT. and shield knight isnt a Damsal in Destress, she is actualy usefull in the final battle (SPOILERS)the tower of fate is always seen in neutral ares, just looming over you, you feel determiend enought to get to the tower.Yet the ""Plauge of shadows"" story is pretty lameYou p[lay as one of the boss knights, plauge knight, who needs and ingrediant for a potion that will make him a god, but you need to kill the rest of the ORDER OF NO QUARTER to get the ingreediants(Play as shovel knight not plauge knight)GRAPHICS/MUSIC:the game is suppost to be a Retro game, so i cant fault it there, yet it does look very pretty,the music is AMAZING, i want to give the music designer a Hug! i listen to this stuff on a normal basis, the music changes your mood, if all the boss fights were quiet, you could lose easyer, but the music makes you prepared, all the soundtracks are fitting for the boss/ levelI wont spoil too much so i'll end it here10/10 , best quality game on steam (and i mean It)"
,Recommended,250760,19087466,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Station Earth,8/108 cant but ammo for shovel but the shovel is like my iddly long hard and resouscful ;)
76561198052218835,Recommended,250760,17838920,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Shakezula123,"It's wierd because, personally, I don't like this game. Yet, I can see why people enjoy it. The gameplay is good, this is one aspect of the game I really enjoyed, I never played the old NES titles this is based off of myself but after playing the game I want to play Megaman and Metroid. The music and sounds are amazing, not really much to say about this, it's just amazing. ""So why give this a recommendation?"" Well, that's because although I just really don't like this game and would rather just play binding of isaac runs over and over again, I can understand why people would love this game, it has all the merits of the old NES titles and more, however if you don't enjoy raging at dying over and over and enjoy constant checkpoints and not have to retrace your steps over and over, don't buy this. 3/10: Personal Opinion, 8/10 for everyone else."
76561198085154436,Recommended,250760,17838308,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,KingoKings365,"What would i have to say about this game that hasn't been already said?  It does have an 8-bit ish style of graphics, and it is effectively a gaming 'rennisance' due to its innovative use of limitations.  This game is definitely worth its price."
76561197980982525,Recommended,250760,17831232,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mr. Rogers Ghost,"Such a great game. Its all of the good parts of old school nes games, great music and super tight controls."
,Recommended,250760,30519967,Posted: 14 March,all,Matzuek,"Heard good things, played it, died 128 times, beat it. Feel's like a mix-em-up of like 10 old games and a few new. Challenging and rewarding. I give it the ol' thumbsy-upsy."
76561198113408995,Recommended,250760,17814523,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Fyreh,Simple LooksComplex game
,Recommended,250760,17861519,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,๖ۣۜBassianus | blw.tf,"As always I'm late to the hype train. But thats past the point. As someone who didn't grow up in the ''Golden Era of Gaming'' and never owned an NES, Shovel Knight is a tight, well-thought out, action-packed and quite hard game. Its Pixel Art also gives it more charm, cause in a way, it uses that as a disquise to hide its morden spirit in a way. But thats just my look on things.The controls are tight and the gameplay refined. Shovel Knight can swing his shovel to damage enemys and dig up dirt piles for treasure. He can do a Down Stab to deal damage and bounce of enemys. He can also do aload of things with his money what he collects, buy upgrades, new armour, relics and a few side quests what require money.Overall, a great game what deserves to be played.10 / 10"
76561198088736200,Recommended,250760,17783827,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Xeno Falcon,This game makes a fantastic nod to all the past 8-bit platformers and doesen't do anything wrong. Plus this game has quite the soundtrack if 8-bit does it for you. 10/10
76561198126043048,Recommended,250760,17858934,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DOC MNC,amazing such a good game though noty for the faint hearted it gets hard
76561198134724448,Recommended,250760,17842532,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Jammy,"My favorite game ever, with tight controls, challenging platforming and a surprizingly deep story. I recomend Shovel knight to anyone and everyone.:::)"
76561198089198137,Recommended,250760,17325609,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,whats the deal with clutching,"This game is a perfect throwback to the days of the NES. With an amazing soundtrack, great gameplay (especially considering you're just a guy with a shovel), and beautiful 8-bit visuals, this is now one of my favorite games."
76561198082653293,Recommended,250760,17327951,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Jake_96,uhmmmm should you play this? yes! its retro but not forced. a solid game all around
,Recommended,250760,17530543,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,psykelix,"Speedrun friendly old school platformer. If that isn't your cup of tea I suggest you try this one out. Since its so darn good. Catchy soundtrack, rock sloid controls and quite unique looking enemies. Shovel Knight doesn't take itself too seriously but at the same time it catches the essence of 2D platformers.Totally diggin' it"
,Recommended,250760,17780204,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,mossman93,Shovel Knight is one of my favorite games of 2014. I'm very excited for the Plague Knight expansion.
,Recommended,250760,17788169,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,rickylows2,"its hard to come up with words that hasnt been already said about this perfect game. Does it has flaws if you look hard enough maybe, but it hard to find and if it does you compelely forget about them when you play this game and how much you fun your having too .go right ahead and buy and play this game its one of my favorite games of all time"
76561198082931511,Recommended,250760,17676854,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,alutic,"The controls are great, really responsive and instantaneous. The level design is also outstanding, really diverse while still being fun, engaging a challenging.My only gripe is that it is a bit short. It only took me 7 hours to complete that main game. Despite this the achievements are well set up and add an extra 20 hours worth of play time, and there is dlc expected to come in the near future for free as well.Ultimately one of the best platformers to date."
76561198015556921,Recommended,250760,17777472,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,komboloi25,Best Nostalgia ever... Nintendo classic. :)
,Recommended,250760,16109543,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Pork Sword,11/10 would shovel again
,Recommended,250760,17810675,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,broodjespoep,It's great
,Recommended,250760,17811922,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ashman,"Simply the most fun I've had playing a video game in years. It's got perfect controls, great music, the levels are just challenging enough. It takes me back to playing Alex Kidd or Sonic when i was 4 or 5.Between this and Ori and The Blind Forest, i'm becoming convinced 2D platformers are just the best type of games"
76561198110948657,Recommended,250760,17768493,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,elliusz,great retro game that emulates games on the NES
,Recommended,250760,17767423,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Solkia,"The best 2D platformer I've ever played. If you're skepitcal because it's another retro indie platformer, don't be. This one gets it right."
,Recommended,250760,22221886,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Fumin268,"This game is everything that I love about platformers. Great story, great mechanics, great characters, challenging, and the list goes on. If you are a fan of platformers this is a must buy. If you are a fan of challenging games this is a must buy. Worth every penny!"
76561198084130563,Recommended,250760,22219614,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,truffy_mocha,"Most excellent, my friends! It's like the missing piece from my childhood."
,Recommended,250760,22207804,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,LONGEST,Look Im Querky And Retro Simulatorgets aJust-Beat-A-Boss-Gasm With A ♥♥♥♥ing Shovelout of 10
76561198081618655,Recommended,250760,22209206,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,RAGLOKO,All hail the Troupple King. 10/10
76561198234015136,Recommended,250760,22386598,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,The Custodian,And people think that a shovel is not a deadly weapon.
,Recommended,250760,22314796,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Blue,The return of the retro platformer is a glorious one.
,Recommended,250760,22313971,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Terbeh,The only thing I don't like about this game is that I can't get Shovel Knight's hat in TF2
76561198077334055,Recommended,250760,22274882,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Trebor Beans,"Shovel your way to victory in this super 8/16 bit style platformer. If you are like me and like 2D over 3D, this game is for you."
,Recommended,250760,22276972,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sheep_FaceYT,Amazing game! Extremely HARD! Buy for fun and a good challenge! 9/10
,Recommended,250760,22261897,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Casey,yes
,Recommended,250760,22496988,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Arstgratia,"The game is interesting, very addictive! the soundtrack is great! and awesome gameplay!"
,Recommended,250760,22560907,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,[The]SexyWalrus,"Thought of refunding it, I felt bad and continued playing.10/10 would shove a shovel through a dragons head again."
76561198056845444,Recommended,250760,22524040,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,adamd513,Very Cool! Controls are super tight. Great nostalgic feel to it. Definitely worth picking this one up!
,Recommended,250760,21756113,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SirFlynn1,"The game is a nostalgia throwback to all that was great from the golden age of gaming. References to Mega Man, Duck Tales, Castlevania, Metroid and more make old school gamers travel down memory lane while bringing a new experience to the younger community. With a vast amount of levels, quirky text, and upgrades, this game stands as one of my personal favorite games of all time.Replay value is Very High with the Plague Knight campaign following the main storry line.Rate 10/10"
76561198079341501,Recommended,250760,21671378,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Körmy,5/5
,Recommended,250760,21484477,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,todpolle,"""Shut up and take my money."" Philip J. Fry (Futurama)The game almost everyone is saying is one of the best or THE best of 2014. And it's true! 10/10. No spoiler, it's that good. But I can't leave you at that. No that be unprofessional. So lets talk about why the game is great.StoryShovel Knight and his love, Shield Knight were once brave heroes who went on adventures. One adventure led them to the Tower of Fate where a dark amulet took Shield Knight, sealing the tower and leaving a grieving Shovel Knight alone. Some time later, an evil Enchantress opens the Tower and her Order of No Quarter take over the land. Now Shovel Knight must defeat the Order, get to the tower and hopefully find Shield Knight.This story is simple but very good. Shovel Knight is a well done hero, who is willing to talk someone down from fighting, but will fight if provoke or if the person deserves it. For example, every time he faces Black Knight, Shovel is always the one who doesn't want to fight.Speaking of bosses, the Order of No Quarter are just awesome. Each of them of their own quirks and styles in both fighting and the way they talk. There are also NPC's in the village and other places that each have their own character and stand out, from the frog who likes puns to the different shopkeepers.One of the best parts of the story is the loss Shovel feels for Shield. Some nights, Shovel will have dreams of Shield falling from the sky and you have to catch her and every time you almost catch her, the dream ends. And this is in gameplay too. it really made me want to save her. And that ending. Beautiful.GameplayThis is a 2D platformer that inspiration from NES games like DuckTales and Megaman, but it does it's own thing with it. You shovel is used as a weapon, dig up dirt for gold,open chests and secrets, pogo off enemies and other uses if you can buy the upgrades like having a ground attack at full health. There are no lives so when you die, you lose some of your money, which you can get back if you reach where you died but you can't die or you lose it. This isn't a big deal later but early on you want as much money to buy stuff.Speaking of which, the relics you find are very useful. Besides the Ichors which can use Trouple potions, you have ranged weapons like the wand, anchor or sphere, the knuckles, locket, mobile gear and dagger can be use to get through obstacles and make sections easier. Never had  much use for the coin though.The levels themselves are pretty challenging, each with their ow gimmicks like falling chandlers or using snow to cover spikes. The bosses are also a good challenge, even weak little Tinker Knight can be a hassle if your facing them for the first time. My favorites were Mole Knight and Specter Knight. There are also optional levels and bosses that appear on the map at times and even a level you have to pay for.PresentationI wasn't around around for the NES era, I was a DOS man, so I don't have much thought on the NES graphics. That being said, I think Shovel Knight looks great. All the colors stand out and the sprites and scenery are nicely detail. The animation of most characters and objects is well done there was only one time i had no idea on what I was looking at.Music is great. it's pleasant on the ears and is differently fitting and memorable. If I was to pick favorites, I pick the Lich Yard theme, the Explodatorium theme, the Stranded Ship theme and Shield Knights theme. Also the wolfs sound and look adorable.VerdictIf you need more convincing, check out anyone else who's reviewed the game. but if you're a platformer fan, you should get it already.10/10"
,Recommended,250760,21540270,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Eminem2420,"Shovel Knight is fun, and easy to pick up. Although i am not very good at it, i still keep going back for more, which is rare for me. I'd recommend for anybody to play it."
,Recommended,250760,21530615,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Noctuam,"Great retro platformer, amazing soundtrack."
76561198141385104,Recommended,250760,21536704,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DuckWithAFedora,"You know, after the megaman franchise was over, I didnt think I could find another game to replace it.... I was wrong. Shovel man is a great game in all aspects. For starters it runs on low end PCs, Its fun, its actually decently hard, and all in all theres a pretty decent story line, and heres the kicker, ITS ONLY $15."
,Recommended,250760,21539031,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Recommended,250760,18686518,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,PsychoChem,"Love this game. Free DLC just released made me love it again. If you like old school Megaman / Castlevania / etc. type games, do not hesistate to buy this one.Also the soundtrack is incredible. Listen to it all the time."
,Recommended,250760,18686920,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,pher01,best inde game that makes old times feel again like megaman and old platforming games with a new touch thank you yacht club games
,Recommended,250760,18697005,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ᛈᚪᛈᛖᚱᛋᚳᛁᚷᛁ,"Note:As of this writing, I've only beaten the Shovel Knight main story, not Plague of Shadows. I'll update this when I've done that.The Short of it:It's a fantastic game. If you like platformers, buy this game. If you grew up playing platformers, buy this game. If you grew up playing Mario, Ducktales, Castlevania, Megaman, or even Karnov, buy this game. This is more than your standard lo-fi retro platformer, it's a genuine love letter to an era of gaming largely gone by; The aesthetic and design of ~1988-1993 with 2015 polish.The Long of It:I'll be relatively brief beacuse everyone already reccomends this game. Shovel Knight is a game that oozes old school charm in a way that many similar games have failed to. In an era where retro 2D platformers are a dime a dozen (and frequently worth about that much) Shovel Knight somehow manages to avoid riling the kind of fatigue that's associated with this genre right now. It's hard to put my finger on, but if I had to guess, I'd say it's because Shovel Knight seems to be going for more than just an aesthetic; Yacht Club games pulled not just the art and music from the era, not just even some tropes, they went back to classic sources and distilled the good, designed around or cut out the bad, and from it produced a game which is nearly 100% made of the stuff you remember loving about your old games.Gone is the unforgiving opacity of Castlevania, but what remains is the clever design around items that turns every encounter into a live action puzzle. Gone is the ""strategic"" wrote memorization and sometimes arcane boss weaknesses of Megaman, but what remains is a level design that teaches you how to play from every jump and a feeling of real progression with persistent powerups. It's really hard not to feel good about Shovel Knight.Is there anything bad about it, then? Sort of, but nothing truly objectively bad. If you're bad, like me, then getting all of the items can be kind of a grind. Yacht Club does their best to mitigate that with bonus treasure levels and replayable stages, but that can be somewhat hamstrung by being awful at the game. While I'm still kind of in love with their checkpoint system, punishing death with money loss (frequently retrievable as it may be) means that players who deathspam their way through levels may find themselves hard up for cash when it comes time to upgrade.That's an incredibly minor grievance and having now beaten the game, I genuinely can't think of any others offhand. It's a good game--nay, it's a great game. It's design borders on perfection, it's incredibly easy to pick up and put down as needed, and it is clearly a labour of love in the best of ways. For the love of god, buy this game and support Yacht Club Games. Work like this deserves success."
,Recommended,250760,18484059,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,futa isn't gay,"Time to give you the dirt about Shovel Knight.  This is a game made in 2014 that was designed to play like a game made in the late 80's/early 90's (NES/Master System), and it takes this design philosophy in spades.  The controls are tight, the music and art style are superb and the levels are incredibly well thought out such that you'd be digging your own grave if you thought it was bad.  The bosses and levels themselves are the real gem of this game, as they are all incredibly fun to fight and play through.  This is no shovelware game.  I can tell you that if you enjoy the classic Mega Man games or just want a good platformer, dig this one out of you backlog and play it already.There's also the FREE Plague of Shadows DLC that lets you play as Plague Knight who has a fresh batch of controls and challenges in the level design.  Yacht Club could have been lazy and just slapped Plague into Shovel's levels with minimal control changes, but they brewed up a whole new story and a very nice bomb crafting system so that you can play him how you want to.  He goes through the same stages as Shovel Knight and fights most of the same bosses, but the way Plague Knight controls makes you have to formulate new strategies to get through the game.  They've also concocted some new Plague-only paths to most of the stages that really test you to make sure you know how to play them.  This is a blast to play through.King Knight and Spectre Knight are also getting their own campaigns like Plague Knight did in the future (as of this writing), and if they put in the same effort into them as they did with Plague Knight, I do declare that this can potentially be one of the all-time greats. Though would it kill them to tell us who's next?"
,Recommended,250760,18492787,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,KuudereChef,"A great edition for retro gamers, Shovel Knight incorperates elements of classics such as Megaman, and improving on gameplay. It is quite difficult, but said difficulty adds skill and is fun regardless."
,Recommended,250760,18619256,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jedisupersonic,"A very awesome ode to the old school era of action platformers, Shovel Knight also has tons of originality, tons of content espcially now that Plague Knights campaign is in the game (Which he plays 100% different from the Shovel Warrior), with tons of collectables, ways to beat levels with your various sub-weapons, you'll be coming back again and again to the various stages which have some nice challenge to them. The music is also really great.A must have for anyone interested in the Genre."
,Recommended,250760,17883948,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Arachnic Scourge,"This game is fantastic, except for Plague Knight's stage. That stuff is malarky."
76561198081781415,Recommended,250760,11173329,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,DutchDuk,An amazing game with an amazing 16 bit style with a good difficulty curve good for all types of gamers out there!
76561198038711551,Recommended,250760,18082201,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,grandparoach,11/10 best game BEST GAME
76561198045943904,Recommended,250760,18000234,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,deckard2123,"My first video game system was the NES and Shovel Knight represents the pinacle of NES style 2D side scrollers with excellent jumping mechanics, brilliant level designs, and gorgeous pixel animations (especially the bosses)."
,Recommended,250760,18036682,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Ram Man,"Let me preface this by saying I'm 16.  I didn't grow up playing games like this, so you know its not nostalgia talking when you read this.Shovel Knight is honestly and amazing game.  When you're playing it, you get the feeling that this is the way games are made to be played.  You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll yell.  You'll yell a lot, but it will all be worth it.I bought Shovel Knight for the full price and I don't regret it at all.  I would pay $30 for this game and still be satisfied.I give Shovel Knight a 10/10.  It is the best game I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,250760,18079822,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Vivi,This game is amazing! 11/10!
76561198002863140,Recommended,250760,18079830,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Kerios,Few games are made with so much love that their creators make characters dance for no other reason than to delight your senses.
76561198042068657,Recommended,250760,18080406,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Libo,Amazing game! Must buy!
,Recommended,250760,14058568,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Antimony,Shovel Knight is the kind of game where you forget you told yourself you'd stop playing after one more boss fight.
,Recommended,250760,18169196,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dr. Coconut,Game is great! I like basically everything about this especially the cheat codes! :3
,Recommended,250760,18164336,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Flunbert,"Shovel Knight is a game about traversing various 2D levels while dispersing enemies with your trusty weapon, a shovel. It is also a game about someone who lost a beloved friend and is dedicated to avenge her.There are a total of ten stages to clear, where one is the opening tutorial, eight of them belong to each of the evil knights of the Order of No Quarter who serve the Enchantress, that also reside in the tenth and final stage. Aside from having a boss in every of the eight stages, you also find some kind of item to aid in your quest.The look of the game is made to resemble the classic style of the 8-bit era, without its limitations. The music is fantastic and made by the one and onlyVirt, AKA Jake Kaufman, who also made music for games like Mighty Switch Force and Double Dragon Neon.This game is highly recommended for anyone that appreciates a good game, even if you don't usually like platformers or retro-styled games."
,Recommended,250760,13789529,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,暗月の剣,"You like good old 8-bit game? If yes, Shovel Knight is one of the answer you're seeking in this era.Aside from RPG element, Shovel Knight is the combination of those great old games like Castlevania + Rockman + Zelda + even a little bit of Dark Souls (for the challenger folks to gain all achivements by not fall into the depth... yes, this game will take half of your golds when you die.)It's fun, hillarious, and full of surprise level design with great story and music!10/10 indeed!"
76561198004659053,Recommended,250760,18176246,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Marionete,"Shovel Knight is an amazing indie platformer, inspired by old retro games. It isn't too hard, but it is difficult enough to be very rewarding. The story is adorable. OMG THE PUNS!! The music and artwork are amazing and have a fantastic style to it. The game is well thought out, especially in the way it introduces new elements in level. OMG THE PUNS AGAIN!! 10 outta 10 would shovel again"
,Recommended,250760,18686011,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,HourLaterJuke,"There is a reason we can all remember so much from games that are almost 30 years old, and Shovel Knight has tapped into that reason in a profound way. We don't love the brands of our youth; we love the characters, the settings, the way actually playing those games made us feel. Shovel Knight doesn't settle for acknowledging those aspects; it includes them around every single corner. Shovel Knight is so much more than a love letter to the genre — it is, in fact, the kind of game people write love letters about."
,Recommended,250760,15879618,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,_tjcasey,"Amazing platformer for retro-gamers, really brings back the feel the NES would have. Some parts in the game are tricky, and make you think a bit, but hey, that's what a good game is for. 10/10."
76561198003230596,Recommended,250760,15664294,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Grumbliest Puppy,It's shovel knight
76561198131534475,Recommended,250760,15655148,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Niko,Normally don't write reviews but Shovel Knight is the best purchase I have made on Steam.
76561198129061991,Recommended,250760,15655830,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Linext,Dark Souls (feeling good at the end of the boss fight & level) + Castlevania SOTN (exploration & secret) + Mario (Gameplay Style) + NES texture + Awesome Soundtrack = Nostalgia
,Recommended,250760,15642067,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Pachetez,If there's something that this game can offer you are CHALLEGENS!and if you think that this game can be completed 100% in a few days!!!you might be right! prove me wrong! but this game its awesome!10/10 Best game i have ever played in a computer :D
,Recommended,250760,14058793,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Skullman,"One of the best platformers, and I dare say games I've ever played. The gameplay is amazing and the artwork is stunning for the 8-bit medium it's portrayed in. The story-telling is riveting, and the ending made me feel content, warm, and happy inside.10/10A must have experience if you love anything there is to love about video games."
,Recommended,250760,14061210,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ThetaReactor,"It's a restomod NES game.  It takes the best parts of those old games and expertly blends them into a nearly-perfect platformer.  Even the graphics and sound are carefully designed to highlight the best qualities of the old hardware, but not so slavishly that the rules can't be bent when it suits the enjoyment of the game.The difficulty is handled admirably.  The checkpoints are smartly placed and death only incurs a mild penalty.  Infinite continues are provided, so difficult sections can be continually attempted without slogging through the entire stage or game again.  Oddly enough, the 4-6 hours of gameplay time is often cited as too short in other reviews, but this game packs considerably more content than any of its inspirations.  In scope and balance, it's arguably superior to those old classics.If you liked the classic NES platformers from Capcom and Konami, you'll love this.  It's more accessible, looks great, and sounds fantastic.  If you lack such nostalgia, it's comparable to more recent games like Super Meat Boy or BattleBlock Theater.I've enjoyed every minute of it, and I'd readily call it one of the top games of 2014."
,Recommended,250760,14062236,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,WakeUpJohnny,Buy it.
76561198113624564,Recommended,250760,14124051,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,agianart,amazing game so worth it for this price tag with this quality the price should be like 25$
76561198028326815,Recommended,250760,14070424,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,MALayhee700,"After having a blast with Freedom Planet from Galaxy Trail, I wanted to give Shovel Knight a try. Short and to the point review.Buy the game, it's just fun and is all about gaming when its just you, some platforming and memorable and tough as nails bosses. The bosses in this game can either be easy or difficult. Without spoiling too much, relics can waste each individual boss which makes discovering weakness fun. Or you can be a REAL Knight and use your shovel stabs to destroy them.I am currently almost done with NG+. I think people are giving the game's 'difficulty' too much credit. It's because people just suck at games now because we have been conditioned to play easy as hell games. I am not the best player, but I have everything memorized.I am awaiting the free DLC with King, Plague and Spectre..even without the free upcoming DLC there is tons of replay value for $15. Buy the game! You will thank me :)"
,Recommended,250760,14050102,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,zo,COME ON GUYS
,Recommended,250760,14041742,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,westwind429,"Awesome. From gameplay to music to level design, this game is a love letter to the great platformers of the NES era. There are major overtones in particular of the Mega Man games and DuckTales (gameplay), Zelda 2 (the towns), and Mario 3 (the overworld). Some fairly difficult platforming in spots."
76561198056133196,Recommended,250760,13978522,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Von Armen,"Shovel Knight is a fantastic 2D sidescrolling platformer that gives you a real throwback to the 8 and 16-bit games of old. If you enjoy platformers like Megaman or pre-Symphony of the Night Castlevania, Shovel Knight is definitely for you. Well worth the money I spent on it, and the music in this game is way too good. Seriously, my ears achieved an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of cosmic proportions while listening to this game's soundtrack. I can now no longer hear anything else other than this game's soundtrack. Someone please help me."
76561198053553974,Recommended,250760,13982764,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Teal'cohol,"Oh my god.This game is freaking good.Except that last boss, it freaking sucks! Waiting for this little timechamber where you can damage the boss is just boring and when in gets to that, its about 50 % chance you can hit the boss at all.I liked that you can attack each boss at your own pace and suffer minimal damage with good reaction and anticipation. With the last boss they took this concept into the garbage shoot.Waiting for a boss's sweet spot to appear is no fun.But i would definitly recommend the rest of the game. Smart level design with a good deal of challenge here and there.I am sad to say that i will never want to complete this game, but the last boss really takes the cake. The cake of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ness."
,Recommended,250760,14095448,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gilmad The Green,"This game is a throwback to the classic action platformer games of the 80s and 90s. I haven't played what it is most similar to in gameplay, which is Megaman; but I didn't need to to enjoy it immensely! It takes elements from a lot of different games and combines them to form its own character, full of heart. This game is beautifully crafted and I am continuing to enjoy every moment of it. The music is kickass, each track is 8-bit and fantastic. The level design is designed well, introducing difficult sections bit by bit. The game does get very difficult in parts, but it only adds to its charm; I died plenty of times, but it never stopped me playing! I whole-heartedly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of games in general. It's a must-own, so get it!"
,Recommended,250760,14116082,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Keltava,get gud
,Recommended,250760,14118296,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ゴ Baeonetta ゴ,Not as good as Spade Knight15/10
76561198038089027,Recommended,250760,14104282,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,cristian.nelson,"Retro Gamers Rejoice! Younger gamers jump in and experience a blend of  multiple retro games in one package. If you ever   wondered what it would be like to play a blend of NES games consisting of Super Mario Bros.3, Duck Tales, Metroid and a dash of Zelda, this is the must play for you! Soundtrack sounds just like the chip tunes from the 8 bit era but better!"
76561198078358240,Recommended,250760,14104557,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,AxelKnight16,I really enjoyed this game! Great homage to the old 8-bit style gaming. 10/10 across the board
,Recommended,250760,14270367,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Deadhardy,"Instead of simply cashing in on peoples' nostalgia, the developers at Yacht Club Games have provided an excellent platformer with tight controls, well-thought-out design, and charming art direction."
76561198055450792,Recommended,250760,10994032,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Yah Boobay,this game is so good it makes me wanna suck♥♥♥♥♥♥for buss fare... and than walk.
,Recommended,250760,10994944,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Cheeki Breeki Covergirl,"Shovel Knight will dig a hole straight to your heart, and if you survive the gaping hole in your chest, you will fall in love."
76561198001783747,Recommended,250760,10996158,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Rucervine,"Shovel Knight is a gem of a game and an excellant send-up to the NES Mega Man games, Mario 3, and Ducktales of all things. The titualr Shovel Knight controls like a dream, making precision platforming an abslute joy. His regular movement capabilities are complemented by his ability to rebound off enemies and certain obstacles with an aerial downward strike, a maneuver which is both easy to pull off and very, very fun to do. With little effort one can pogo across gaps, bounce atop bosses, or any number of acrobatic feats, lending a lot of fluidity to traverseing the levels. These levels are very striking in their design, each with a distinct theme and several interesting platforming elements, providing constant challenges throughout.  Boss designs are similarly brilliant, though they often feel like they have too little HP to pose significant threat. Achievement-like ""Feats,"" numerous collectables, and New Game+ make the game fairly replayable. Overall, Shovel Knight is an excellant throwback to 8-bit gaming and well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,250760,10953140,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Chimp,"Only played the first level so far but it's a thoroughly enjoyable game, the boss AI was great and challenging and it really feels like an old-school platformer which is brilliant.  If you're looking for a game similar to the old Super Mario games for the NES/SNES then I would definitely recommend this.  The graphics are great and the sound is spot on.I've recorded my gameplay of the first level here if you'd like to get a first-hand look :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfOMSklrPMQ"
,Recommended,250760,10955224,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Calvicus,"If Shovel Knight came out in the early 90's, no one would be any the wiser that it's a platformer from 2014. The soundtrack is amazing, the art is fantastic, and the whimsical world in which it takes place is perfect. No disjointed ideas, a seamless work of art. Worth every single penny, and then some!"
,Recommended,250760,11117568,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,David,"Shovel Knight is the long lost NES classic that never was.  From authentic (at least to the Japanese Famicom,) chiptunes to the slightly modified NES color palette, Shovel Knight oozes with nostalgia.  The pixel art for Shovel Knight is spot on and puts most late NES games to shame.  The controls are tight and the soundtrack is amazing.I highly recommend this game to those who love classic series such as Megaman/Rockman, Castlevania, Wonder Boy, Little Samson and Duck Tails."
,Recommended,250760,11118148,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Beylie,"This is the most fun I've had in ages! Awesome music, awesome level design, hard enough, but still fun! I'm so impressed by this game that I actually sent the developers a personal mail thanking them for keeping me busy with this since it has been released! I highly recommend it. Oodles of retro fun!"
,Recommended,250760,11119429,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,DumbassSock,"Don't listen to the metacritic score, 85/100 isn't the rating it deserves. 100/100"
,Recommended,250760,11142600,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Wolforn,"Just as fun as most of the great NES games, while being far less frustrating. Normal mode run is a little on the short side, a bit easy on parts, but there's plenty of reason to keep going with new game plus and the feats. It's smooth and intuitive, and it just feels good to play. Levels are never repetitive, always throwing something new at you. Bosses are all varied and fun to fight. There isn't a single moment or element put into this game that was wasted.The levels and sprites are very well designed visually, and there's plenty of variety. It's got an amazing soundtrack. The story elements are fairly simplistic but it has some surprisingly hard hitting moments. It's got more charm packed into it than anything I've seen in a long while.Strike the earth!"
,Recommended,250760,11143466,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,HandsomeHandles,its a great game thats all i got to say it brings me back to mega man where the game was hard at some points and u could bob ur head to the music at the same time.
,Recommended,250760,11144074,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gingerbread Daddy,"Great atmosphere, amazing soundtrack, and can get you nostalgic. 10/10."
,Recommended,250760,11144228,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,pink diamond,"This game is amazing. Plays just like a NES game and its difficult but very, very fun. The bosses are fun, the gameplay is fun, and so is just jumping around! I'd recommend this game to everyone, this is one of the best games I've ever played. I normally hate 8-bit music but in this game its so good I could listen to it all day! 10/10"
76561198051402075,Recommended,250760,11144668,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Wubstep,"I think this is probably one of the best games i have ever played, the gameplay was amazingly fun with tight controls and simple mechanincs, while the music was just stunning, i would 100% buy this game if you are even thinking about it"
,Recommended,250760,11144922,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,JoeBlind,"This game was an absolute joy to play from start to finish, Get it."
,Recommended,250760,11126620,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MrJibaku,"Pros -Tight controls.8 bit retro feel with animation that surpasses the source platform without the feeling it would be impossible to recreate on the NESBest chip tune sound track since Scott Pilgrim.Great chracter design, bosses are all unique and a blast to fight.Minimalist story, but has emotional weightCons -You lose all items when you quit a stage, meaning that if you miss a relic you must go back and finish the whole stage again.Some bosses have pits, you get knocked back.  Pretty annoying.Money is too easy to get, even without breaking checkpointsResult-Love letter to Nintendo fans, in a retro game that gives you the same feeling you got growing up.  Worth the price, I will buy anything out of this studio in the future."
76561197962886806,Recommended,250760,11146024,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,tenikay,It's good.
,Recommended,250760,11146490,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Stealthbreed,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,250760,11146555,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,TimeForHipe,"Real great game, Id like to see alot more content come out for this masterpiece! I had bought everything by the time i got to the aerial forge :p I must say its great, got through it fast. It is nothing but amazing. I give it a SpermHornet/10"
76561198092295673,Recommended,250760,11147316,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Kempes,"It's a very good game that doesn't rely on nostalgia, it builds upon it. It controls perfectly, the characters are memorable, the soundtrack is AMAZING, and you'll earn a sense of accomplishment with each level you go through. 10/10."
76561198142669826,Recommended,250760,11149197,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Giuseppe92,"It's a good retro game. I love the idea, I like the simple but effective playstyle. Good soundtrack, colourful and pretty visuals, clever and fun level design. Truth be told, it's a very good game and I liked it a lot. There's one major problem, though: it's short. Way too short. You can start over and retain your upgrades with new game plus, but the replay value is nonexistent. I finished the game in less than two days, I didn't play a lot and I suck too. Had it been longer, it would have been an AWESOME game. What's worse, the set price is too high. The game is good, i repeat, but it's way too short for a 15€ price tag. It's simply not worth it, at least until the free DLC comes out (I'm waiting for it!)Why do I recommend it then?Because it's a great game, and it's a crowd funded indie game. It shows talent, and talent MUST be supported all the time. To the creators: next time make a bigger game and fix the price. You have potential, you could make something outstanding. Please do your best and cultivate your talent. This is a great step, but it can't be the end of it. Shoot for the stars!"
76561198228326332,Recommended,250760,17700038,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Benderew,10/10 Would shovel again
,Recommended,250760,17701620,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,jlauer22,probably my favorite game in ever
76561198047425832,Recommended,250760,17682060,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,jtblack0707,Perfect blend of gameplay factors from the games it takes inspiration from. All around fantastic game!
,Recommended,250760,17653115,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,the8cell,quite simply one of the best games ever made.
76561198173213343,Recommended,250760,17662733,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Aestus,A very good and entertaining game. Best review ever 10/10.
,Recommended,250760,17742682,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Mr. Red,"Sublime game, intresting, funny and very very entertaining.You start the game with a little of nostalgia, but soon enough you find yourself enjoying the gameplay and the story.A must play, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250760,17748709,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Joowaba,SUPER GOOD
76561198060561012,Recommended,250760,17724849,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,-[FF]- Jan Itor,Stop reading reviews and buy it. Now.You won't regret it if you love platformers. Like Mario? You'll like this. Like Megaman? You'll like this. Like Castlevania? You'll like this. Like any platformers that were on the nes or snes? You'll LOVE this.Get it. Hurry up. Go. Do it. Now.
76561198071891990,Recommended,250760,17728056,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,☃Mekat Norray☃,"I got all the best gear in the game and bought every item, I defeated every boss and destroyed everything in my path. I then died to a bubble. 10/10 would die to a bubble again."
76561198059958018,Recommended,250760,17730841,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mewio,"This game is problably one of the best games out there!This game has*Perfect conrols*nice platforming*Sick replay value*Much achievements and collectable items*8-bit feel but more freshBeen starting to try to speedrun this game, wich is so damn fun! its really hard but pays off with achievements and ofc to see how many times you died and what your endgame time was:)10/10 few games beat this game!"
,Recommended,250760,17733313,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jazzy Gym,He lives by the code of Shovelry.
,Recommended,250760,17733860,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Tamblyn,"Shovel Knight is a 2d side scrolling platformer that ironically enough has depth and magnitude to it. I picked this game up simply due the high praise it received. and it is well deserved. You can read what the game is abut in the game preview listed above so I'll give my opinion on whether it good or not.I understand that this game was designed to be a throw back to the past era of 8-bit gaming and certainly i can see how this will hit the nostalgic nerve in some of those ""90"" kids, however the only game i played close to this would be Mario and  I enjoyed this on an entirely novalty level. The levels are bright and clear with out being glaring to the eyes, the each stage has a its own unique layout and puzzle design and often I entered a room just to stare and figure out what root to take. Though not overtly mentally taxing to figure out, some levels will take a couple of tries the get the fine motor skills needed to pass it. THe story for this game is simple and easy to follow but still had me invested in the main character when it came to the finale. There is a fine amount of humour in this game both simple puns and more subtle. THe replayability is definitly there as one run through does not mean you will complete your itenerary.All in all an enjoable experience and well worth the full price I paid. I recommend this to any one who enjoys  the old school 8-bit-legend-of-zelda-metro games or to any one who can appretiate a quality game.8/10"
,Recommended,250760,17514748,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,awokenkyoger,"Fun with a lot of replay value. I higly reccomend this one, it's really fun and challenging."
76561198066209629,Recommended,250760,17515112,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Regnilla,"Finally got around to finishing this game. It's simply amazing. Each level has this very well put together theme that makes each (fun) boss fight that much more.  The characters, the humor, and of course the music is what really makes Shovel Knight so good. Hopefully will be seeing more of Yacht Club soon.  With Plaugue Knight DLC coming up I'm happy to see even more DLC and maybe a sequel or two?"
76561198057239060,Recommended,250760,17640158,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Roxas713,"If you have it, yet have not played it, play it, if you don't, buy it as simple as that."
76561198047234349,Recommended,250760,17652109,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,(Moneyman) Parzavil,"this game is beautiful this game is fantastic this is easily one of the best games of our time, definitely my favorite of all time 10/10 would play 100 more times"
76561198147611322,Recommended,250760,19859425,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,NeoNeptune,Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250760,20033022,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Reiz,"Basically a combination of Megaman, Super Mario Brothers 3, and Duck Tails. Really tight gameplay and a lenient but optional checkpoint system. Good sized free DLC recently released for it as well."
,Recommended,250760,20272710,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spac3,Great game m8i r8 8/8
76561198272362554,Recommended,250760,20273305,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,philosophorescent,"Pretty cool game. A little bit of difficulty near the end, but not too much."
76561198057280464,Recommended,250760,20270217,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,agentzach80,This game takes me back to the retro days. Great gameplay and also a great challenge.
76561198127337932,Recommended,250760,20284835,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,dsg hatarange,"This is an amazing game well worthy of the praise it receives , it takes a retro style of game play and mixes it up with concepts that many pc games use today. The controls took a while to get used to ,but it later turned out to flow very smoothly , once you get used to it that is. The bosses were memerable and the music track is overall fantastic. I recommend this game to anyone but if you have a knack for retro games that are liner but fun, this one should hold a special place in your heart"
76561198086466970,Recommended,250760,20303525,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Spicy Grandma,Didn't win the ballot but its k
,Recommended,250760,20301900,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BLsquared,"Shovel Knight is an 8-Bit style platformer game in the veins of Mega Man, Castlevania, and Duck Tales. This formula seems to work well, as the controls and overall flow of the game go very smoothly. Now, it does have it's difficulty spikes, but that has become a requirement in this kind of game. Is Shovel Knight a blatant copy of the aforementioned games? No, it is it's own game. Does it use elements from said games? Yes, but that can be said about almost any game. Overall, I highly recommend this to those who love the old NES and SNES eras of platformers, and are looking for a new challenge."
76561198052996174,Recommended,250760,20543621,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,oh tmd yeah,"totally worth 15 bux, actually more. the DLC is just amazing"
76561198071979979,Recommended,250760,20633699,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MaximumGold,"Quite possibly one of the greatest games I have had the joy of playing!Its clear this game draws its inspiration from classic Megaman but then it does something magical and immerses you into this beautiful world where you left thinking Mega-who?There is nothing I would change about this game, every aspect has been created with the player in mind.Simply put; stunning graphics, fantastic music and challenging gameplay. Superb."
76561198061913320,Recommended,250760,20634835,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bruno_Triforce,one of the best platformers ever made!
,Recommended,250760,11398212,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Captain Bones,"I have been looking forward to this game for about a year. And when I finally got my hands on it, hoo boy, I was not disappointed. This game is a fantastic platformer, combat is fun, and bosses are interesting. Fantastic game, 10/10."
76561198080450595,Recommended,250760,20383244,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,HikariZX,Man it takes you back in 1985 back then where the NES was popular  at the time. Great 8Bit 2D Platformer I highly recommend it. :D I love to use those NES USB Controller with it.
76561198028606036,Recommended,250760,20379507,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Blaank,What else is there to say....Great game ! Buy it !
,Recommended,250760,11759347,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,HunkRumpTheGathering,A lot of NES nostalgia in this game. It's pretty fun and  a good time waster
,Recommended,250760,11667647,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,JParki#2331,"Mark my words this shovel will open and hole in the universe and that hole will be a path for those behind us, the dreams of those who have fallen , the hopes of those who will follow.Those two sets of dreams weave together to form a double helix shoveling a path towards tomorow!AND THATS TENGEN TOPPATHATS GURREN LAGANNMY SHOVEL IS THE SHOVEL THAT CREATES THE HEAVENS!"
,Recommended,250760,11681943,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,HYPER ONE,"This game caught me by surprise.  I wasn't expecting much when I first bought this, but after playing the first level it had me hooked.  I could go on and on about how this game reminds me very much of old games and blah blah blah but I'm just going to give you the short version.Megaman + Castlevania = Shovel KnightHopefully that narrows it all down for you."
76561198045615596,Recommended,250760,11741946,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Jmnightwing,My weapon is a shovel 10/10
76561198083282410,Recommended,250760,11746506,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Cold Pizza,I really dig this game.
,Recommended,250760,11747289,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,khendros,"This game has awesome in ""spades"". Classic Nintento feel, tight controls, good characters, and just over a lot of fun. The mustic, in the chiptune style of 80's is catchy, and enjoyable as well. If you have a USB controller, this will complete your experience. I highly recommend this one!"
,Recommended,250760,11747919,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,HECKa | GTO,"MegaMan without the brutal difficultyThe world map style of Mario 3And a hint of Castlevania and other old school NES gamesShovel Knight is a retro game done exactly as that title suggests - instead of using a retro style, it IS retro. The most ovvious inspiration is MegaMan, but it never reaches that frustrating, controller-throwing level of difficulty. It can be tough towards the end, but that should be expected.The character designs are great, the levels are fun with a few exceptions (nobody likes water levels). The boss fights are unique and fun and challenging. There are items to find and upgrades to purchase, though I would have liked a few more.The game is short - my cimpletion time is just above 5 hours, and although I do wish there were a few more levels to play, I don't feel like I paid too much. There is an update coming that will add more features, and I am perfectly happy handing these developers some cash if it means more stuff like Shovel Knight."
,Recommended,250760,11748110,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,venseyness,"Beyond the pile of hype that has already been piled on this title, I want to add my own. I never owned an NES, a SNES, and I'm not even the biggest fan of platformers. Wow. Just wow. This game man, is one of the most fun experiences i've ever had. I just can't stop, and I'm on a quest for the first 100% I've ever tried for in a game. (I'm nowhere close, but I'll try) A miraculous game, that in my book, is in the ranks of Half life, portal, and the elder scrolls in a modern classic."
76561198063932896,Recommended,250760,11731518,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Lucifer,Really appealed to me from all of the secrets and loot hunting
76561197995019106,Recommended,250760,11733391,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Victory Rush,"If you even remotely like any Capcom platformer on the NES, you'll love this game.It's like Duck Tales, meets Megaman, with a soundtrack to match."
76561198144656901,Recommended,250760,11734410,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,jakulley,Everything everyone says about its classic feel and charm is true.
,Recommended,250760,11737215,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,lockthechest,"This game is fantastic. The gameplay is fun and engaging, and the dificulty is just right!10/10! Dig In!"
76561198071225693,Recommended,250760,11737980,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,jlkfs,"Great game, but why did you steal my save? i just closed it and went out, when i returned, puff... all of my 4 saves where gone. Please fix this yatch club games, i want my saves back"
,Recommended,250760,11738654,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Mordred86,"A masterful oldschool platformer that hits all the right notes on how these games should be made.  Just beat the game in 7 1/2 hours and it was a total joy and will play on as there is a game plus mode.Some old school gamers may find it too easy but I still died 133 times so I would say it was just about right.Great sound and music, absolutely satisfying physics and character response to jumping and landing.  Does not slide around or feel off.  The boss battles and level design are well crafted and often throwbacks to old school games from mario to sonic to mega man to mickey mania and many others.You can't go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,250760,11740718,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Mr. $te@m ☂,ANYONE READING THIS! get this game mate!!I don't know where to start...the music is Mega manesk top notch man 8-bit sound tracks are the best.game play is like butter but you get that old kinda NES feel gotta love it.I could go on for days here! JUST BUY IT TRUST ME!!Keep your 60 buck AAA titles and give me more of this!!LONG LIVE INDIE!!!
,Recommended,250760,11490259,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,The_Normous,its shovel knight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250760,20798380,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Rustic_Fall,"Shovel Knight is a retro platformer that is the best throwback Thursday anyone can have. It has a simple plot with improved nes like visuals and an amazing soundtrack. The game teaches you how to play so perfectly that I don't want to talk about the gameplay. Let's just say it combines everything that is good from the best NES games to make this gem. Pick it up while you can! Only complaint is that the game is so great, its to short, yet with upcoming free updates to expand the game, don't have any worries about it. 9/10."
76561198096830680,Recommended,250760,20794376,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Nethack Tourist,Hark back to an age where games were fun and not second jobs. Imagine mario with lots more depth and items.
,Recommended,250760,20797466,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Tiny Cthulhu,"I recommend this game to all steam users who can handle an amazing storyline, awesome OST, and a slight bit of crude humour. But last year, the sequel, PoS, came out on Sept. 17 2015. 2 days, after undertale. Just saying i recommend undertale as well for the same reasons as i mentioned earlier. As lovely as this game is, PLOT TWISTS GALORE! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,250760,20513545,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,snæþór,"This game is really cool.The developers did a great job on making it look, play and sound like like an NES game.The soundtrack is great and kind of reminds me of the old Ducktales game.The game really hard at times and feels like Dark Souls at times, with gameplay mechanics such as going back for the money you collected after dying and bosses that are really overpowered but not impossible.The story is pretty good and well told.9/10(This review is written about 3 hours into the game so I will be updating it as I play it more.)"
,Recommended,250760,19398499,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Yan,.
,Recommended,250760,20499221,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,MARKIRSON,One word: epic!!!Amen.
76561198129531155,Recommended,250760,20501207,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Xsuperstar,"I know i'm late to the party but dam... Never judge a book by its cover. I Never cared about this game because I always thought it was just gonna be a Duck Tales ripoff, but after playing it for a few hours I ended up liking it more then Duck Tales. Its a mix of Megaman/Duck Tales/Zelda 2.Great Gameplay, Music, Story, Challenge and Humor. I def recomend it,"
76561198149772238,Recommended,250760,20768878,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,PastaStalker64,"Despite having never played any of the classic games Shovel Knight was based on (controllers were too big to be held by a sperm, and emulators seem just a tad too shifty to risk downloading for my taste) it's easy to see the specific influences on the game's design. However that doesn't mean the game is just the product of people who love circlejerking about how much ""better"" games were back then, but comes off as more of a homage to said games while not allowing itself to be held back by their pitfalls (ie only getting a certain amount of lives per run before having to restart the level, overly difficult enemies or unfair ones, etc).This game was designed with a lot of thought; every enemy has a certain attack or attack pattern that you need to learn (if you just go in blindly atttacking♥♥♥♥♥♥you will suffer for it), the controls are tight, sprites are colourful and unique while retaining their retro look, music is top notch for each situation, but what impressess me most is actually the bosses. Despite only having a few lines of dialogue, each boss is utterly unique and you can plainly see what kind of relationship they have with the protagonist while they reveal a little bit more of the plot and as a result Shovel Knight's ultimate goal.One more thing I MUST mention is the ending. Without spoiling anything I have to recommend this to any budding game designer or enthusiest just to give a good example how you can make the ""damsel"" of this sereotypical storyline actually become their own person and more than a goal IN GAMEPLAY.tldr; If you like difficult but fair games with a retro skin and some interesting details, you'll like this one."
76561198157962247,Recommended,250760,20720060,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ZombieHunt20,"This game is well made, has unique controls, and a amazing story. So I recommend it."
76561198125469729,Recommended,250760,13882744,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,35.Adams,One of the best games I have ever played... at least the best plataformer (though it might not exacly be a plataformer) i've played in the last 12 years
,Recommended,250760,13883416,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,animatedAspiration,If your a gamer from games like megaman and the old mario then is game is made for u. But still even new gamers can enjoy this games awesome music and gameolay.
76561198071695809,Recommended,250760,13886062,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,TrickyTreecko,Not Nintendo hard but hard enough to keep me invested. Great game.
,Recommended,250760,13887030,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lexington,"Nostalgia Nostalgia Nostalgia Nostalgia! If you grew up with these kind of games you're going to love it. If you didn't, THEN YOU STILL WILL! Such a great game with the only downside being that I wish I had more of it."
,Recommended,250760,13917750,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Funda,"A good platformer has intuitive gameplay and can seamlessly teach you to play without interrupting the action.  Shovel Knight has this mark.  Extremely fun for anyone that loves old NES games like Mega Man, Ninja Gaiden, or Castlevania."
76561197998459310,Recommended,250760,13920022,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Skellow,"I Dig this gameHAR HAR HARSeriously though, this game is phenomenal. I bought this game on the Wii U months ago when it first came out and didn't touch anything else until I completed it. It has everything that a good game requires ( a decent story, memorable characters, an excellent soundtrack, and incredible gameplay ).PROS- Awesome music- Level design- Baz Knight ( THE STORM IS COMING).All of the guest characters are awesome though.- New game+- DLC in the future ( FREE)CONS....short I guess? I dunno......BUY THIS GAME!  10/10"
,Recommended,250760,13921895,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mymji,Best game I've played in a long time ! Brings the best from this genre !
,Recommended,250760,13923733,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kusgras,"It's almost like playing an NES game, smooth controlls, deep gameplay. Best 8-bit music"
,Recommended,250760,13926036,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Reaper,"The retro aesthetic is interesting, and Shovel Knight strictly limits itself by sticking to authentic color, sound, and control layout limitations. It also strictly nails the gameplay, which is something not all retro-aesthetic indie games do these days. It doesn't rely on a quirk, twist, or gimmick: it's just sheer refined action platformer.The gamecraft on display here is excellent, everything from the character design, limited but fun story, level design, and especially the original score are all among the very best even of games today, to say nothing of the old-school games it's meant to evoke.Shovel Knight is a game that clearly knows what it's doing. It chose to be the best damn retro action platformer ever made - no more, no less - and it very well may have done just that."
76561198043593333,Recommended,250760,13927131,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Slaaneshou,"This one is awesome. Its near-perfect gameplay, its charming soundtrack and its big amout of content (and there's more to come !) make it the retro-platformer to rule them all. A game able to make someone who discovered gaming with the PS2 wanting to know more about retro-gaming can only be a must-buy.9/10"
,Recommended,250760,13928856,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,KING OF JINGALING | _White____,Not for casual gamers!
,Recommended,250760,13928911,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kenos,"A love letter to 8-bit platforming. I have no doubt that it would have stood side-by-side with Mario and Megaman if it was released back in the day, but since it's 2014 Shovel Knight is just a fun, solid callback to that genre. If you have any interest in 2-D platformers or even the slightest hint of nostalgia for the days when you ran from one side of the screen to the other, then Shovel Knight is for you."
,Recommended,250760,13932554,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Bronsky,Perfect cure if you suffer from platformer nostalgia
76561198025459065,Recommended,250760,13344582,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,gamer11,Shovel Knight is actually a innovative and for its retro style pretty game- if you grown up with the 8bit consolesOr Amiga for example.The Levels are variousThe endbosses are challenging.Here is the only problem I had with this game-the controls are sometimes a gamble game.I played it with keyboard- there was no real description how you dig at first. I had to review it in thewww.Its way harder with keyboard- 360 controller did it fine- but sometimes you get hit by enemies and the buttons wont work.The music is o.k. its midi styleSo if you are looking for a old school side scroller with some real good new ideasAnd challenging levels shovel knight is your game.If you dont like the pixel optic in general be warned. there is a lot of it.
76561198066896720,Recommended,250760,13358364,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Vennobennu,"I can't say enough good things about Shovel Knight: It's gorgeous, the controls are tight as a pipe, the 8-bit music is beautiful, and the gameplay is its own thing, not drawing heavily from any one popular game series; it really feels like its own beast. And after you beatt he game once, you can try out one of the 300+ 'cheat codes' that each alter the way the game plays.It's just loads of fun, I'd recommend it to anybody who likes good games."
,Recommended,250760,13367152,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,*MOVED*,"This game is an amazing platformer that has quickly risen to be one of my favorite games. It's humerous, fun, and has one of the best soundtracks in all of gaming (at least the ones I've played). Worth EVERY penny."
,Recommended,250760,11837594,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Jetairliner100,"It's like Super Mario Bros 3, Ducktales, and Megaman had an orgy together and Shovel Knight was♥♥♥♥♥♥out from it."
,Recommended,250760,11827243,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,MARTIN LUTHER AND HIS 95 FECES,best NES game 2014 not even close
,Recommended,250760,12134753,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,A Sp00ky Robut,"Admittedly, I haven't finished this game yet, but from having played about 3/4 of it, I can safely say that THIS GAME IS AMAZING AND YOU SHOULD ALL GO AND PLAY IT. While it's true that it is 8-bit indie game number 2 million, behind that is a truly spectacular game with controls tighter than the skin on a Squirt, cool mechanics, great visuals, good challenge, imaginative bosses, an awesome chiptune soundtrack and an overall very deep game. Anyone who enjoys platformers absolutely MUST play this game."
76561198129044132,Recommended,250760,12134948,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,SnowmanStan,You are knight that kills flaming poops with a shovle 10 stars
76561198001800678,Recommended,250760,12088766,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,[Dewgong] Vidd,"If you like the NES Mega Man games, you'll enjoy this.I don't think there's much else to say. It's an homage to the games of the era, even in terms of some technical constraints.It's simple, it mightn't last too long, but there's no padding either and you'll feel satisfied every time you beat a level."
,Recommended,250760,12106280,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Woozy,Fun in spades! Buy yours now.
,Recommended,250760,12145209,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,fullskel,good game.
76561198106159571,Recommended,250760,12119937,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,DigitalJedi,Still shoveling! Epic classic15/10
76561198058213647,Recommended,250760,12122687,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Kenneth Bone,This game is epic it is a perfect contrast of NES nostalgia combined with modern humor.  It is a hard game that takes alot of skill and thats on of the main reasons I reccomend it.
,Recommended,250760,12009506,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Wilzon,"My first impressions of this was: ""Look like some generic platformer trying to be Retro"". But as I finally got a chance to play this game, I was instantly hooked. The way it is controlled and designed is simple, which actually works perfectly well in this game. HIGHLY reccomended for anybody looking for a classic-style, challenging, and overall charming game."
,Recommended,250760,12009530,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,stop racism,"Everything about this game is amazing.The soundtrack, the visuals, the controls and the humor. You can tell how much hard work and love went into it thoughout the entire game. 10 outta 10 would play again"
76561197979722656,Recommended,250760,12013172,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Zhil,"Solid platformer. All deaths felt like it was my fault and not due to unfair level design or bad controls or obtuse item requirement. The fact it can be finished without using any items at all means it can be as easy or as hard as you want it to be. The difficulty curve was very smooth and fair as well. Some collectibles gives it some replay value, although the observant player should be able to collect it all in a single playthrough."
76561198058996569,Recommended,250760,12073846,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Isheto,"Shovel Knight is one of those games that I can't recommend enough. The platforming and controls are tight, I never felt like the game cheated me from a jump or killing an enemy. If you make a mistake it’s on you. The graphics for Shovel Knight, all though Retro, work great for this game. It feels natural and makes certain stages look great (Personal Favorite: Plague Knight’s Stage). The composer, Jake Coffman, did great with each piece of music as it makes each stage’s song match what’s going. The boss fights are fun and challenging; each boss is different and rewarding once you beat them.I could keep going on about why this game is great but I only have one compliant, it’s short. Even if it’s short, the game has a ton of replay value with different challenges, fun cheats, and much more. This game gets a 9.5 out of 10. Now go dig up this treasure and see what the world of Shovel Knight has to offer for you."
76561198140180874,Recommended,250760,12073968,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Luigi Torta,this game is my top 1 favorite gameand where is the dlc
,Recommended,250760,12074018,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Ace Straynj,This is so fun.
,Recommended,250760,12074547,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,UnloosedPuma75,"An awesome 2-d platformer, that uses elements from classic nes games such as Duck Tales, and mario.I'd rate 10/10"
76561198039234347,Recommended,250760,11850971,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,esunavox,"Most fun i've had all year.  Well worth the price.Edit:I didn't play it for 128 hours, I forgot to close the game and the hours were counted."
,Recommended,250760,11382359,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Seafluff,"JUSTICE IN SPADES, BRETHERN!!! PICK UP THY SHOVEL AND EMBARKETH ON A JOURNEY OF SHOVELRY! SWING! DIG! JUMP! SHOVEL! COLLECT!If you got a serious knack for challenging classic games, this game offers. With it's mix of Megaman, Legend of Zelda II, and Super Mario Bros 3 elements, this game brings it all! It's quite charming, the bosses are very exciting, the backdrops are outragous,the soundtrack will blow you away, and the dialogue is to die for.Buy it, play it, get your hands on Shovel Knight and strike the very Earth!"
,Recommended,250760,11382796,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,The Grapist,"A very good platform game. Very simple controls make for an very nice game, plus it is not complicated graphic in any fashion, meaning it is suitable for all ages. The sixteen bit graphics make me feel as if I was playing a game of oldschool castlevania. Definatly worth your 15$."
,Recommended,250760,11383914,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Aimer,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amaizing if you dont have it GO GET IT!
,Recommended,250760,11011951,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dank Maymay,Megaman with shovels
76561198030786592,Recommended,250760,11012356,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Andrew Ryan,Died 108 times.Loved every second.10/10
76561198027854685,Recommended,250760,11013638,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ganbaregoemon77,"Almost halfway through and I don't want it to end. It is a masterpiece from the ground up, easily one of the best games I've played in a long time."
76561198001046216,Recommended,250760,11013653,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Guildenstern,"Old-school S/NES platforming with great controls, great graphics, great music, secrets, boss battles. Get it."
76561197962755428,Recommended,250760,11013896,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,skitchss,Made with love and polished to a high gloss. A seriously good game.
76561198044220922,Recommended,250760,11014382,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Alchmist,This is it. The game that has finally filled the hole in my gaming heart.Everything about this game is honestly perfect. I really can't put it into any other words but these:Play this masterpiece.
76561198142562535,Recommended,250760,11014432,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PopTartarus,"Set from the foundation of Mega Man, Mario, and even the cult-classic Duck Tales, Shovel Knight is a very well polished and challenging retro experience for anyone looking for tight controls and a hefty shovel-slashing adventure. Those at Yacht Club gaming have nailed the level design in this game with colorful and unique settings that will affect how you platform, digging for secret treasures and Castlevania-esque items, conveniently sold by a plundering punk humoursly named ""Chester"". Throughout the game, the NPCs(and even villains) all have memorable personalities and gimmicks to them, which is surprisingly charming in their familiar behaviors. Shovel Knight is definitely anyone's moneys worth if they're looking for a challenging game with an extremely satisfying journey along the way."
76561198089851620,Recommended,250760,11014461,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mike Oxafloppin,An absolutely amazing platformer. This brings back tons of memories and really drew me in from the instant I started playing. Soundtrack is perfect. Controls are fluid. Levels are frustrating at times but kept me wanting to come back for more. Play this game. It's a must have.
76561197962020154,Recommended,250760,11014721,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Falcon,"As a die-hard Mega Man fan this game lives up to the hype. Beautiful art, music, and gameplay for fans of this old genre. I love these types of games and absolutely loved this one in particular. If we as gamers want more retro awesomeness you gotta buy it. So do it."
,Recommended,250760,11014770,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,eBloodyCandy,"This game is AWESOME.  It has a feel of Mega Man and Castlevania mashed together on a Super Mario 3 Map.  The different options and styles you can play as, make this game playable more than once.  I've beaten the game on normal and New Game + at about.. 12 hours for everything.  It does feel a bit short, but has a ton of replay value.  For the price this game is worth it!"
76561198055554881,Recommended,250760,11018327,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Applejuice,"I haven't had as much fun with a 2D in a while, this game takes many aspects of over retro 8-bit games and makes a perfect combinations of challenge and fun also with free DLC to come whats not to love."
,Recommended,250760,11018956,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kantros234,"Damn. This game is too awesome, is that type of 8 bit game but it is too awesome. Lots of skills, bosses, armors,etc.  Give this game a chance, dont regret :P"
,Recommended,250760,11004821,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wef,I dig it
,Recommended,250760,11006896,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Escape,Definitley top 10 games in recent memory this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. If you haven't bought it yet just buy it.
,Recommended,250760,11007687,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Richardw63,"After spending about 3+ hours with this game. trust me when i tell you its amazing. the sound tract is great, the game play is a mashup of all the classic NES games (mega man, duck tales, mario etc) and it puts it into a magnificent little package.The bosses are challenging yet easy enough for someone new to this kind of platforming, plus New game+ takes the game and makes it even harder for those who found it too easy the first time around. must buy. only $15 how could you say no."
76561198030568889,Recommended,250760,11008571,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,King Protonimus,Amazing game! Best platformer I've played since Super Mario World. They did a great job with the retro feel and the checkpoints and upgrades are a nice touch.  The soundtrack is awesome and the boss battles are well thought out.
76561198119117744,Recommended,250760,11008867,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CanisLupus781,more NEED MORE SHOVEL KNIGHT!!!!!
76561198031383772,Recommended,250760,11009009,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Revanaught,"Game of the year 2014 - 3,000,000,000,000 (end of the universe)"
,Recommended,250760,11009204,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,sire fukalot,the best game of those five last years
,Recommended,250760,11009532,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,luklux,10/10
76561198019696234,Recommended,250760,13689706,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,marmalada180,"If you enjoy or played these 2D platformer games when you were younger like myself, you will thoroughly enjoy Shovel Knight. These are my favourite kinds of games, games that I spent a lot of time playing on platforms such as the SNES. Only difference which I support here is that there is a fair checkpoint system unlike those games which could be mindnumblingly frustrating in that regard. Basically its a great game and if this type of game interests you, there is no reason why you shouldn't add Shovel Knight to your collection. (The game takes around 9-10 hours to beat, maybe less if you just blitz through everything.)"
76561198081488194,Recommended,250760,11769392,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,mr.black_2006_,"I need shovel knight 2 with bigger world, more bosses, and more and more levels pleeeeeeeeeeeease !!"
76561198033073593,Recommended,250760,11776074,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,MeMatt,More digging than Minecraft.
,Recommended,250760,11757286,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Velcz,Everything you could expect out of a perfect game and more. Shovel/10
76561198042206775,Recommended,250760,11753391,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Necrosoro,"This is a retro throwback gem, I have trouble even finding a flaw in this wonderful game!"
76561198081487018,Recommended,250760,11108815,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Smooth Cream,This game is great! it captures the elements of what made all the classic NES  games so good and used those elements to make an amazing platformer!!!! Along with that it has the best soundtrack i have evr heard in a game and has great controls and surprisingly good story elements to it!
,Recommended,250760,11578028,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,OmniRemix,"This is retro bliss. It feels distinctly like a NES title, but it's updated with modern game design philosophies abound.It's just crazy fun. I don't even want to say any anything else, lest I spoil some part of the experience.Do you like Megaman? Or Ducktales? Or Mario? Or platformers in general? Or videogames? Then you'd probably enjoy Shovel Knight.All hail the Troupple King!"
,Recommended,250760,11578486,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Lvl 4 Henchman,"After beating Shovel Knight I can honestly say that it is easily one of my favorite games on Steam. Taken for what it is at face-value it's an above-average 2D sidescrolling platformer with smooth gameplay and retro art direction. I have a few minor issues with the game, but most of them stem from not needing the money you pick up after a relatively short time and the fact that there aren't more levels. The second of these two issues is easily forgiven considering the amount of replay value the game has (at least in my opinion). Through the rose-tinted glasses of nostalgia however, it's a pure unadulterated joygasm. Shovel Knight sports a Super-Mario-3-style overworld, bosses and items reminiscent of Mega Man and Castlevania, and also wall chicken. If you ever owned an NES do yourself a favor and pick this up.9/10"
76561197995700284,Recommended,250760,11610707,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Magus269,"Such a fantastic game - gameplay is challenging (but not overly so), the mechanics are really fun and the items are fun to use and give the player interesting options on how to take out the enemies.  Loved the sprite art as well, great stuff.The story - simple, very cool, great dialogue and it definitely reminds me of a game you would have expected to see in the NES days.Most importantly about this game - LOVED the ending.   So many developers these days seem to phone in the ending for some insane reason but I really enjoyed the end of shovel knight."
,Recommended,250760,11625495,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ShawnMcCool,"-- General --Shovel Knight is reminiscent of Mega Man. But, is completely its own game. I don't think I've seen a ""retro-style"" game like this that has been so coherent and such a full package.This game is a gem. I'm not even going to bother describing it too much, it's worth it and you should just trust your instincts on this one.-- Family --I'm a 33 year-old gamer of 25 years. I found the game appropriately challenging.My 9-year old can get through some maps, but lacks coordination to do too much more.My 4-year old is surprisingly good at the game, but hasn't been able to complete the first map.My wife has beaten a few maps, and it's fun to play together as a family."
,Recommended,250760,11644139,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Gicu,"ENG: REALLY awesome game!.PL: NAPRAWDĘ wspaniała gra!.----------------ENG: I recommend this for everyone - especially for people who played on NES / PEGASUS in childhood :).PL: Polecam tę grę wszystkim - w szczególności dla ludzi, którzy grali na NES / PEGASUS w dzieciństwie :)."
,Recommended,250760,11498303,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,dankbongweedlord,"10/10. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing phenomenal. Yacht Club Games knows what retro is, and they do it god damn well. This game was a fantastic experience with a great ending. Good job Yacht Club Games, i'd love to see more Shovel Knight in teh future."
76561198047599114,Recommended,250760,11279477,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Södergran,"Great game, awesome 8-bit sound track and graphics. Really good level design but can get a bit frustrating in some sections that can seem a bit unfair but mostly your own fault for f**king up. Even though I didn't grow up in the 8-bit generation this game is great and fun to play and dosn't feel wierd at all. I think I've enjoyd this game the most of all the 2014 titles I've played and it's defenetly worth YOUR money. Buy it now."
76561198037224127,Recommended,250760,11319175,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Lando,"This game is awesome, so worth the $15. Great characters, great gameplay, awesome ideas implemented well, amazing game!"
76561198002819606,Recommended,250760,11083323,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Taffy,"Imagine if Ducktales and Megaman spawned a child. ""Retro"" done right for a change. I'm not saying ALL games during the 8-bit era were great (they weren't), but the ones we cherish? They had that magic developers try to capture.The Important stuff:----------------------------------Visuals are 8-bit style sprites, both the characters and the backgrounds. Well animated, movement doesn't look ""stiff"".Audio is also 8-bit. Very melodic, excellent chord progression, very catchy.Controls are solid and very responsive. Attack and jump buttons, use spells with Up + Attack.Gameplay is straightforward, complete each level by overcoming platforms, enemies with unique patterns and stage hazards. Collect gold, use gold for upgrades (Weapon, Armor, Health, Magic and Spells).Overall, a very solid title. I'm hoping for a sequel.Rant Rant Rant:----------------------------------Shovel Knight does everything that several other ""retro"" games fail miserably at. It captures very well what made the 8-bit era memorable. The visual and sound quality to non-gamers was considered ""bad"". In order to make up for that, games had to be as innovative and enjoyable as possible. Levels had to be challenging and rewarding. Music was composed by experienced and/or talented composers and they only had 4 sound channels to work with, which were also used for in-game sounds.What you often get with other ""retro"" titles are uninspired sprite visuals and poor controls (to make it ""challenging""). The music is usually decent, but rarely reminiscent of the era the games are based off of.Do yourself a God damned favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,250760,11321895,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Plumbo Jumbo,"To be honest, like almost everyone else in the world who has played this game, I loved it. It is an almost perfect masterpiece. Almost perfect.The positives are, well. The graphics are colourful and the characters are well animated. The tiles are used perfectly to tell the player what is normal, what is breakable and what can lead to a secret area. The music is amazing. My favourites include La Danse Macabre and An Underlying Problem, but the other songs are still amazing too. The gameplay is pretty damn great. The controls are tight and jumping is quite precise. The difficulty is mostly fair and the unlockable items all have their uses (although there are a few that are much more useful than others). As for the bosses they are done in a way that once you know how to avoid each attack, they are managable.But, I have to be a bit honest here. At points, it feels cheap. I beat the normal game in a few hours, and out of the main game, there were a few annoying levels. I found Polar Knight, Mole Knight, and the first Tower of Fate stages to be quite unfair. Not entirely, just at points. I still enjoyed playing the levels though. I do have to say the money drop on death mechanic is... wierd. Sometimes when you die (in lava or in a bottomless pit) there is no safe way of getting it back. But it wasn't day ruining.Overall, I give Shovel Knight a 9/10. It's really fun. For anyone who likes Zelda 2, Castlevania, Megaman, Duck Tales or Super Mario 3, this is a game for your collection. It is hard, but what's wrong with a challenge? It's mostly fair, and unlike many other indie platformers, this deserves £11 of your money. It's good. Go buy it. :)"
,Recommended,250760,11324061,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ragnar Wodenson,"Old-school gaming bliss. Shovel Knight is easily one of my favorite games of 2014 thus far and I am absolutely in love with the game. It is easily worth the asking price, especially if you're into late-80s/early-90s style action platformers in the vein of Megaman, Mario, and even Sonic."
76561198077553238,Recommended,250760,11324433,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Innate,One of the best games I've ever played this year. Loved every bit of it. <3
76561198043356212,Recommended,250760,11324529,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dux,"Shovel Knight is a perfect example of a how a new indie platformer should be made. It uses concepts from some of the best NES platformers (Mega-Man, Castlevania, and Super Mario). You'll get to experience (or re-experience) what it was like to play 8 bit platformers but without the bad controls and overly cheap game mechanics. There will be times when its frustrating but its usually because of a mistake you made or you haven't figured out the pattern to the level. Everything else like the music, level design, and RPG elements are more current but have an 8 bit style to them. Even at full price, Shovel Knight is well worth it!"
,Recommended,250760,11324894,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,MrHanMan,"The influence of Mega Man, Super Mario Bros. 3, and Duck Tales is plainly evident in this game, yet it still somehow manages to stand apart from them.  It was certainly inspired by classic NES games, but it doesn't feel like it ripped any of them off.  The art,  music, and gameplay are as close to perfect as we're ever likely to see.  The controls are tight, the level design is coherant, and the tone is light and campy.  There is a lot of content, and a great deal of replayability.  I did not back the kickstarter, but I bought it for full price on release day.  It's been worth every penny, and I'd gladly do it again.  I'm very excited to see what Yacht Club Games releases next!"
,Recommended,250760,11347991,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,TheAlmightyJoshXIII,"So, I recently got this game because of the high hopes I had for. Everyone has been talking about it for months and that it's a real omage to the classic platformer days. There has been so much hype for this kickstarter game and for the people who have it, all agreed that it has a feel of Castlevania, Legend of Zelda 2, and Mega Man. I TOTALLY AGREE. This game has so much replay value new game plus mode, achievments to unlock and thats not including the 300+ cheat codes. The controls are tight not once when I died in a pitfall I felt like the game cheated me. If you die thats on YOU. Anyways theres so much to do besides the basic levels theres extra bosses, hidden areas. The music is so catchy and really does set the mood for each stage and each stage is its own entire world, not once did I feel the games levels were just clones with different enemies, or that there wasn't a increase in difficulty. The only problem is I wish that it was longer. But, for 14.99 you are definitely getting your moneys worth. I'm actually looking into buying it for my 3DS it that much fun. WORTH EVERY PENNY. 9/10"
,Recommended,250760,11349784,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Tangy_Original,this is a great game with a killer sound track. it just feels good
,Recommended,250760,11350986,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,=CHARA=,"Unless you're one of those people who feels that your manhood is dictated by the number of polygons, particals and shaders your computer can kick out, there's no reason for you to miss out on this amazing game.Shovel Knight is probably the first and only retro-style game that I've dealt with that actually feels like there is heart put into it. It's not just some stupid 8-bit graphic style game just to cash in on the nostalgia.My only gripe with it is that unless you're fixing to play it multiple times, there isn't a whole lot of extra content. Thankfully, more is coming as time goes on such as playing the boss Knights and many more."
,Recommended,250760,11429907,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Hammer,This game is a masterpiece. the gameplay and the story are very cool and i enjoyed every second and every stage!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
76561198044076342,Recommended,250760,11415964,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,GhostDog,"If you're after a fun, retro style platformer. then look no more!"
76561197973554338,Recommended,250760,11419911,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Reaganomicon,"Excellent.  The game stands great on its own as a platformer and the number of classic era 8 and 16-bit game references are innumerable.  It also has a great sense of humor.  I would really like to see more of this, hoping for a sequel/content patch."
,Recommended,250760,11275114,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mr. Tickles,"The medieval child of Megaman and Dig Dug. And Ducktales. And a bit of Zelda 2.Challenging, yet worth the trials and dangers in every level.I ""dig"" it."
,Recommended,250760,11282532,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,base9wario,2014 GOTY.
76561197979075377,Recommended,250760,11283381,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TheSpiralAim735,"I've spent a couple of hours playing this game, with a USB NES controller, and it has been quite a delight. The fast pace of the game mixed with all the joys of older platformers is something i always seem to have an itching for. The game itself functions well and has very tight controls, the upgrades are lovely but don't feel that game breaking thus far (Haven't finished it yet).  The level designs are interesting and very fun to play through. Like all good platformers it feels that the levels build on each other, learn a mechanic in one and it is used in later stages. The graphics are adequate:  I can tell what things are suppose to be and run smoothly( Graphics are or aren't don't expect much more from me on this.) Overall the plot is fun and quirky, it makes for entertainment while waiting to get to the next action-y stage. There are some nice surprises that appear on the map. I can recommend this to anyone who enjoys platformers. It also gets major bonus points for not constantly calling back to old classics. (Eyes EVO land like it's done something wrong.) I wouldn't say it's LIKE the old classics, it's far better in a lot of ways. It's more accurate to say, it is a classy game and in time it might become a classic."
,Recommended,250760,11283478,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Super Solver,"If you were one of the many who grew up on the Mario and the Mega Man of the NES age and want similar game made in the modern age? Shovel Knight is for you.Are you someone who wants to learn how you can tell an interesting story with only the most basic and subtle ways to bring that story across? Shovel Knight is for you.Are you a person who enjoys the feeling that comes with fast pace platforming while accompaned by one of the best retro style sound tracks this decade? Shovel Knight is for you.Do you like pure, unhinderd fun? Shovel Knight is for you.Are you a High thinking organism that looks really good and is the envy of all your friends? Shovel Knight is for you.Are you able to breath? If not, you should probaly get that check out by a doctor or something. But while you are recovering, you should download a copy of Shovel Knight! The greatest game that was ever created."
,Recommended,250760,10891106,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Samthousand,The real Dark Souls 212/10
76561197999197160,Recommended,250760,10892021,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,xCamero,I really dig this game. 9/10
,Recommended,250760,10892606,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cars 6 return of the pt cruisers,I killed a ghost man and a lady danced for me. I have never felt this fulfilled after completing an objective in my life.
,Recommended,250760,10893324,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,weeb,"I don't know why you haven't bought this game, yet, to be honest.  Go pick it up, it's cheap and fun."
,Recommended,250760,10893606,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JohnPaulGrim,Killed a skeleton with its own skull.10/10
,Recommended,250760,10894542,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kyesel,"This game is awesome, it's a knight armed with a shovel, what did you expect? Perfect for digging up gems in very strange and probabaly valuble piles of dirt, (Dig them, they contain MONEY!). This is a very diffucult game, (to me), although with a little effort, and around 8 tries, I can beat any challenge I am faced with. This is a great game that I really think you should get, in fact, you should get it even if the price jumps to 30$. That's how good it is. Just buy this game, right now."
,Recommended,250760,10895344,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,fallgone36,"Have you ever wondered what it would be like if somebody released an ACTUAL retro-styled game instead of some 8 bit boo-ha? Have you ever been curious of what a Castlevania, Mega Man, Super Mario Bros 3 hybrid would be like? HAVE you ever dreamed about a wonderful call back to the days of old when game punched you in the crotch, laughed in your face, and then barely rewarded you for all the effort? I have!Enter Yacht Club Games Shovel Knight! This game tickles me deep down in the early 90's feels. A fantastic Retro-Platformer with an Action-Adventure make and build. The game progresses as a Super Mario/Castlevania combo, but has the game-changing power-ups (relics) of a Mega Man title. But even with all thhis comparing, the game stands as its own pillar of greatness. It creates a mist of wonder that hasn't been ""dug up"" or ""unearthed"" since early SNES games.I could go on for days about this game, as I paid for it last March...I've been waiting a bit. ALL HAIL KICKSTARTER! On a finishing note, buy this game and enjoy the hell out of it. And honestly if I had no knowledge of it, and somebody told me it was released in 1986...for the first time ever with any game, I would believe them. -12 out of 10-"
76561198072646518,Recommended,250760,10895869,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cptHamburger,"The old school gameplay, the Megaman like level design, the sound, dem graphiks, and dat ending ;_; 100/10If you're looking for more specific things, the controls are solid. Get a good D-pad, like the PS3 controller or better. Xbox360 kinda stinks. The challenge is about the same as an old school Megaman game, so if you love those, you'll love this. The story is simple done well. Dunno what else you'd need to know. Get it."
76561198086841764,Recommended,250760,10897840,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,segaboy7,Best New Retro Game I have ever played!!!
76561198043763554,Recommended,250760,10932402,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OnePark,"Nothing short of genius. In a day and age where venturing back in time to the games of yesteryear is common, Shovel Knight manages to stray away from that path. Not only does it keep a solid foundation on the past, it lays it's own as a platformer of today. All in all, great game. Mega Ducktales."
,Recommended,250760,10933369,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Demonhntr,"Such a good game, it takes me back to my childhood of the old Megaman games."
,Recommended,250760,12202460,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,omfgBlondie,"A fine 2D platformer. Don't play this if you, like me, are bad at platformers. A nice return to the past."
76561198121081583,Recommended,250760,12306321,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,UWGamer,"Shovel Knight is a game that harkens back to days when games were played on cartridges. It's a wonderful mix of Mega Man, Mario 3, and the Ducktales NES game. And it's one of the best platformers I've ever played. Awesome graphics (even for an 8 bit style game), soundtrack and action, combined with it's difficulty makes it one of the best games of 2014!"
76561198156467321,Recommended,250760,12306983,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Robs_88,"Incredible game. Fun, gradually getting harder. Happy about it"
76561198032588515,Recommended,250760,12307397,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,4house,"Very much retro NES feel to it. something like a cross of zelda 2, mario 3 and mega man, while being its own distinct thing.this is what i found this game was about/what impressed me.- Overworld set up in a 'mario 3 style'.  Main ""knight levels"",  side levels, towns and ""hammerbro"" style map bosses.- Collect $ to buy items/upgrades.- straight forward levels with plently of secret treasure roooms/shops/hidden collectables.- difficulty starts rly easy and progresses to pretty dam hard in the later parts.i am still not done it but i really love it.. like its now my favorite game on steam. there better be a shovel knight 2, 3 and 4!"
,Recommended,250760,12311641,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Omarproductions,"BEST. 8-bit. STYLED GAME EVER! 10/10! Good Job guys, I hope they make a seaquel."
,Recommended,250760,12404752,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Skeptical Minotaur,"You play as Shovel Knight, a knight equipped with a Shovelblade that must take back the kingdom from Enchantress and her Order of No Quarter. Along the journey you gather gems and crystals and use them to purchase additional relics and weapon and armor upgrades. The overworld map is setup nearly identical to the layout that overworld maps are set in Super Mario Bros. 3. Players can choose which order they want to do levels, but all levels on a map must be cleared before moving onto the next map. Just like the annoying Hammer Brothers, random enemies can appear on the map, blocking the player from accessing certain parts of the map until they are defeated.In spirit of the Mega Man series, each level has it’s own unique look, feel, and music. The platforming parts of the game are well done, and bring a much needed challenge to newbies and veterans of platforming games. The controls are tight and responsive, just what you need to make pixel perfect jumps and attacks. In addition to unique enemies to each level, each end boss is very different. While their mechanics can range from stupid easy to borderline range inducing, it’s satisfying when you deliver the final blow to end the level.When I mentioned that Rex Rocket lacking identity, I meant that the game lacked these elements. The levels in Rex Rocket all looked the same and while bosses has originality, the ordinary mobs lacked variety. The backdrop from level to level doesn’t offer enough differentiation from section to section to break up the monotony. In Shovel Knight it’s blatantly obvious what the tone of the level is. The art and music direction work in perfect tandem in the same way early Mega Man games did. Just hearing a few notes from any stage song immediately conjure up images of the backdrop, level enemies and the precarious platforming that entailed getting to the stage boss.Despite how near perfect the combat, art and music direction, and everything else about the game may be, there is one annoying addition to the game that I feel is unnecessary: the addition of a death penalty.Other than this blemish on the the game, Shovel Knight is a well executed retro-game. I would highly suggest playing it. The controls are tight, the art is fantastic, the music is well done, and the gameplay is solid. If you can ignore an unnecessary death penalty mechanic then you’ll have a wonderful time playing this game.See more of the review at:http://www.skepticalminotaurgames.com/shovel-knight1"
76561198050295768,Recommended,250760,12538719,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Kikosaurus,"Shovel Knight feels like the culmination of every single great idea that has been introduced in platformers since the late eighties. With perfectly precise gameplay and incredibly clever level design, Shovel Knight proves that ""retro platformers"" do not have to be uninventive under the guise of ""homage"". The whole game feels fresh and exciting, presenting already existing gameplay elements in new and original ways. The difficulty is perfectly balanced, with a well thought-out learning curve : new obstacles are introduced one at a time, giving the player time to adapt and thus making him feel like he is getting better almost effortlessly. The game is also jam-packed with things to do, from music sheets to collect to optional levels, a higher difficulty setting, and many achivements (with none of them feeling tedious). Add to that really good visuals and a very enjoyable soundtrack, and you get one of the most beautifully crafted games in recent years.Shovel Knight is not just a fantastic indie video game, it is a fantastic video game by any standards, and one of the definitive experiences of 2014. Its price is entirely justified and I cannot recommend this title enough. Buy Shovel Knight : you will fall in love with it."
76561198100188975,Recommended,250760,12564694,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,DankiMemenari,"after seeing literally every youtuber givte this game a freaking 10/10, i thought ""hey maybe i should spend my hard earned cash on this obviously great game""what i got was an platformer with terrible enemy design, OP bosses, generic level design and challenges that were either insultingly easy or unfairly hardWHAT IS ALL THE FUSS ABOUT PEOPLEon the other hand the game had great music. art design and humour, but that is not enough to make a good5/10, leave it to the lets players, that is the best way to have fun with this game"
76561198037279980,Recommended,250760,12358897,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,pup993,one of the best crafted love letters to retro games I've seen for a long time.
76561198063151222,Recommended,250760,13691411,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Barnito Supreme,omg this game
,Recommended,250760,13679137,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LawyersPlayDota,"So, I finally got around to playing this and went through the first level.Then, I cancelled everything I was gonna do this weekend, grabbed a bowl of coco puffs, wrapped myself in a blanket on my bedroom floor on sunday morning, and spent the day reliving my childhood so hard I almost exploded.Pretty sure this is going to become a tradition."
76561197985212106,Recommended,250760,13679216,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Inverted Urethra,Pretty good
76561198118697312,Recommended,250760,13679605,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,My dudes,
,Recommended,250760,13679628,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,roboandy,"I'll just cut straight to the chase: I *loved* this game. A modern day love letter to the classic platformers of old. Fans of Mega Man and Ducktales will really get a kick out of the homages and mechanics built around the game. If you're not a fan of platformers or old games, but you've played a game on the NES or Super Nintendo before, you'll get a kick out of it. Beautifully crafted little game with a simple, yet sweet story.Though the game pulls a lot of inspiration from older games, you should know that Shovel Knight is never particularly difficult. It has a few tough challenges, but the game feels more like a nostalgia romp than the next Mega Man killer.The only complaint I had with it was that it was over too fast. The full game took me about 5 and a half hours, and I finished with almost everything unlocked. 100%'ing the game looks like 10 hour ordeal at most.tl;dr Buy this game. It's awesome."
76561198060944917,Recommended,250760,13679771,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,G-Ken.Mercy,Died 7 times trying to beat Specter Knight!p.s. that's a good thing!10/10 would dig again
76561197970529119,Recommended,250760,10874203,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Static10101,"I have been watching this game's progress up until release like a hawk, and it has been well worth the wait.  Megaman mixed with Duck Tales mixed with Mario mixed with Zelda, and throw in a little Dark Souls, and you get Shovel Knight.  Every-single-thing about this game is polished and a delight for the senses.  It not only met my expectations, but it completely blew them away.  11/10"
76561198038327374,Recommended,250760,13680204,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,FaithlessValor,Great retro themed platformer. Feels a bit short but definitely worth.
,Recommended,250760,13680725,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,waycooler,Do you like classic Megaman? Do you like classic Castlevania? This game is like if those two series had a shovel-loving child. AKA it's really good.
76561198157721055,Recommended,250760,13681135,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,doktorphuck,"This game is Awesome, I love the Music the controles and everything about it seems polished it is one of the best games out of this year no matter what it throws at me i havn't felt like the game has giving me a cheep death the reason I died was because I as the Player didn't respond fast enough and the paceing is rather Excelent"
,Recommended,250760,13681417,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Trapper,So many games now do retro very poorly. Shovel Knight is not one of them. Excellent 2D platforming with RPG elements and great writing to boot! Loved every second of it so far. Play it!
76561197964923441,Recommended,250760,13681411,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ZFect,Games like this need to be more common. The Nes era of games is a unique fun genre that should be brought back. Shovel Knight is just like that and I sincerely recommend it!
,Recommended,250760,13681438,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ZaMoose,"Old-school wonderful. It's a little bit Simon's Quest, a little bit Mega Man, a little bit Duck Tales, a little bit Super Mario Bros. 3. Fantastically 8-bit."
,Recommended,250760,12960435,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,The Satellite,"Shovel Knight is a beautiful love letter to the 8-bit era of gaming, taking inspiration from some of the best platformers on the NES and giving it its own charm and spin. There was so much heart put into the production of this game and it shows, in the graphics, the story, the music, and most prevalently in the gameplay. It's a magical, enjoyable experience from beginning to end, deserving a place in the library of anyone who enjoys 8-bit games, platformers, or video games in general. Easily one of the best games of 2014."
,Recommended,250760,13681852,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,janeeervin70,"What a great game that truly goes back to old-school aesthetic and gameplay. Short but sweet and with an awesomely memorable OST, this is one game that truly deserves its accolades."
,Recommended,250760,13691836,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ANG3LIC,Died less times in Dark souls.
,Recommended,250760,13693906,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kiwi,"I want to love this game so badly but its so difficult >.< considering I had the misfortune of not growing up with these games as a kid [we didn't have money for video games] its a difficult game to play. Soundtrack is awesome of course. If you rage quit easily, don't get this game."
,Recommended,250760,13695004,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Platinum Knight,I really dig Shovel Knight.
,Recommended,250760,13665369,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MoonKing,this game is a good i recommend it for all of my friends for very fun times
,Recommended,250760,13665835,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mawdern,BUY IT NOW IT'S AMAZING8/8CAN'T DEBATEPIERCE THE GROUND WITH YOUR SHOVEL
76561198060064560,Recommended,250760,13823164,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Thee Xman,"Awesome retro style game, a must have."
,Recommended,250760,13823491,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[VtW] Tom Badguy,"Hmm, this game is not bad, but I'm not going to lie, I feel it was a bit overrated. Kind of reminds me when Bioshock Infinite first came out and everyone freaked out saying it was the best game ever(it was good, just not that good). When this game came out, everyone kind of freaked out the same way. The game is good, just not that good. Shovel Knight is a lot like a medieval Megaman. Defeat the robot masters, then defeat the last boss. But that's the thing, this game just makes me want to play the old NES platforms more than Shovel Knight itself. I don't feel like it quite grasped the the same hook as the old games did. Maybe that's just me.Pros:+ Awesome controls+ Cool soundtrack+ Retro GFX bring back good memories and are very well done+ Character sprites are awesome and variety of the types of creatures is very creative+ Great level designs+ Good flow of difficulty, things get harder as you progress but the game teaches you along the way so you are prepared+ Defintiely captures the old school platformer rage, when you die, you get really annoyed+ New Game Plus feature is always awesome+ Fairly PricedCons(Most of these, I feel, are more personal than general):- Game is too achievement based as far as unlockables, I would prefer more in game unlockables- Though the soundtrack is great, having to find all the songs is not a really fun unlockable, would rather just buy the soundtrack or have a different type of collectable sidequest- Story is lacking anything interesting, now, in games like this, that wouldn't normally be a big deal, but an effort is made to tell a story, therefore, I have to critique it. No story was really necessary.- The last castle could have used more stages instead of just 2, the game seemed to end too quickly- You purchase all upgrades too quickly, as well as relics, then you just have a bunch of money, should be more things to purchaseOverall, a good platformer but a little too overhyped in my opinion. It's fun but if I were to choose between, say, Megaman 2 and this game, I would rather play Megaman 2 or other NES platformers. I respect the fact that the developers created an old school game in the modern age. Definitely unique."
,Recommended,250760,13828509,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Skulltown Jelly,"I dug into this game expecting, as some in the community have stated, a 2d Dark Souls. I would have to agree. The game makes you think, its difficult, and it makes you shovel through your mistakes. 10/10 needs more shovel jokes."
76561198001153501,Recommended,250760,13710580,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Filius,found it quite difficult but great gameplay overall im just a filthy casual awesome soundtrack
76561198169727653,Recommended,250760,14471260,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Rex,This game is awesome.PERIOD.Play it to know why.
,Recommended,250760,14475464,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mr_Bucket_207,"If you've ever played and enjoyed a game from the 8 or 16-bit era, buy this game."
,Recommended,250760,14506923,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Knight_Specter,I employed tremendous amounts of shovel justice. I also met an trout/apple creature that danced.10/10 for shovelry.
,Recommended,250760,14538433,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,elefawk,"I bought this game today and beat it about 8 hours later. It wasn't a long game, but the fact that it could keep my attention for 8 hours straight speaks for itself. Really fun game, well made in all aspects. Good level design, great soundtrack, easy to learn interface/controls. Managed not to become really monotonous and added new meaningful things to keep your interest throughout the whole experience. It has a ""new game plus"" mode, which is definitely harder and if you like a challenge then it'll give you one. Yeah. Things."
76561198126065261,Recommended,250760,14538561,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rusty,"Excellent game, and I really enjoyed playing it all the way though. Some of the later levels are quite challenging, and caused me to rage quit several times, but if you just keep practicing you can get it. Shovel Knight has a charming and often comical story and the gameplay itself is really fun.My only real complaint about this game is the speed. There's no way to run, and I think it would have been funner if you had the ability to go faster. It's not slow, by any means, but just feels like it would have been nice to have a run mechanic too.I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes platformers and a good story."
76561198085895501,Recommended,250760,14540073,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sleek Bones,"You want an epic adventure? BUY THIS GAME, whats that? You want a good platformer? BUY THIS GAME, Want a game? BUY THIS GAME."
76561198015043038,Recommended,250760,14544834,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Loodwig X,"This game is a nostalgic return to those NES greats like Mega Man and Duck Tales, but it does so in a dignified manner.  This isn't just someone saying, ""Hey, remember Thundercats?  Or smurfs, remember that?  Or or or Transformers, remember that?""  This is actually a very fun game in its own right without being an obvious nod to the fact that I remember the Reagan Administration.  I have nothing negative to say that wouldn't otherwise be said to the great games I still dust off my old console and play now and again."
76561198129452468,Recommended,250760,14526834,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Scooter,Shovel knight = Pure Awesomeness
,Recommended,250760,14527623,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[GEAR] Xaro / PatatjeNL,AWESOME!
76561198053158730,Recommended,250760,13889186,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Threepwood,Stop reading and buy it already!FOR SHOVELRY!
,Recommended,250760,10958086,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Alex The Red,"Let me preface this review by making one thing clear: I am biased due to the fact that I LOVE old school platformers from back in the day. Mega Man, Mario Bros, Super Ghouls N' Ghosts, DuckTales, Castlevania...you name it, I've probably played the game several times over. That being said...Shovel Knight is easily one of the best games I've played in a long time, and it is an amazing first title from developr Yacht Club Games.Some people will undoubtedly make the tired argument that it is too short to be worth your $15, but to them I say NAY! Shovel Knight does nearly everything not only right, but does it all EXTREMELY well. The graphics harken back to the NES era, but does so without the limitations of those classic titles. The sound design is absolutely top notch. Sound effects are varied and the music itself is one of my favorite game soundtrakcs ever, 8Bit/chiptune or not. Then of course there is the gameplay. Level design is superb, with fun, varied design, and lots of hidden secrets sprinkled throughout.Of course all that wouldn't mean a whole lot if it was marred by boring gameplay or bad control. Thankfully, this game controls very well. Not once did the game feel as if it was being ""unfair""...if I died,  it was my own fault. Movement is similar to a lot of Capcom's games, namely Mega Man...which makes sense considering that was a big source of inspiration for the team. You start off with your trusty shovel, which feels very good to swing (especially when you bounce projectiles back at a baddie!), and of course there is the obvious nod to Ducktales with the bouncing attack. After that there are relics you collect throughout the game, all of which are fun to use. The game feel is nothing short of excellent, it just feelsright.I will take a brief moment to address the obvious elephant in the room: game length. I finished the game in about 6-7 hours, and that was taking my time on my first playthrough, and getting all but 10 of the collectibles. Please don't let that dissuade you from checking this game out though, as those 6-7 hours were jam packed with quality. I for one prefer that as opposed to something that overstays its welcome. This is a steal at $15.Yacht Club Games has made something truly special in Shovel Knight, and I am definitely looking forward to whatever they come up with next. I seriously cannot recommend this game enough. If you even remotely enjoy old-school platformers like Mega Man, Mario, Castlevania, Ducktales, or the like, you should definitely buy this game.And never forget...STRIKE THA EARTH!!"
76561198059711425,Recommended,250760,10958152,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,darmicon,"If you ever had a love for the old NES megaman series, you'll love Shovel Knight. The level designs are gorgeous, introduce new rules and enviroments easily, and very rarely do you feel like a death was your fault for not knowing what to do. Granted, you will sorely miss the megaman blaster, and will sometimes feel fustrated with the shovel, but it speaks volumes to the abilities that the player has when the longing for a projectile is minor, not major. This is one fun game, and you should play it."
76561198088138921,Recommended,250760,10959412,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ArsonsAra,"Shovel Knight all in all is a throwback to classic NES Games. Most people compare it to games like Megaman, Zelda 2, Ducktales and so on. But I feel that this game, while it does pay homages to those other games, has the heart of Castlevania. The Art Style is very beautiful and has lots of emotion despite it being an 8-bit style video game. The Gameplay is beautiful and sometimes you need to take a step back just to apreciate all that went into the level design. The Backer Knights are awesome as it was great seeing Zubaz from TBFP, and it's just all around a good game. If you have the money for it, i'd highly reccomend Shovel Knight. So far it's one of my favorite games this year."
76561197961363543,Recommended,250760,10959979,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AkRoB,"Awesome retro game that harkens back to the snes/genesis era of platformers, except with convenient features, such as frequent checkpoints and being able to save!It reminds me a lot of Sega Genesis games like Sonic and Tiny Toons Adventures, which I have really fond memories of.I give the game five shovels and five troupples(you will understand if you play the game)."
76561198009350643,Recommended,250760,10935989,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Meddlermaz,"My personal favorite 2D Platformer of all time and probably one of the best games released so far this year. I figured it was going to be good but I had no idea how much I was actually going to enjoy it, I loved every minute of this game."
76561198007297976,Recommended,250760,10936305,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,wart,"Really solid platformer. Borrows quite heavily from classic 8-bit platformers such as Mega Man, Duck Tales, and Mario, but at the same time isn't afraid of doing its own thing."
,Recommended,250760,10938663,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,supernick,"A diggingly good adventure.Really enjoyed it - might even go back for some NewGame+ at some point.I got about 9 hours out of it - collected almost all the extra stuff and didn't rush through it per say.Well worth your money, probably the most fun I've had with a platformer in years."
,Recommended,250760,10938884,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gia/Fin,"They see me diggin, they hatin"
,Recommended,250760,10939643,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ropemaster,"Great nostalgic feel to it. Great soundtrack. If you have played megaman and castlevania games on nes, you should play this game."
,Recommended,250760,10940071,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Yung Karat,Really awesome game! If you like platformers this is one you should not miss!
,Recommended,250760,11027736,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,verlox,The raddest game I've played in awhile.
76561198002395942,Recommended,250760,11027748,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Worth,DIG IT!!
76561198114368065,Recommended,250760,11038816,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,C H U N K,I dig it.
,Recommended,250760,11038885,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BulletproofMoon,If you grew up in the NES era of gaming you owe it to yourself to play this game.
,Recommended,250760,11038943,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Vexium,"Shovel Knight performs like a platformer, but it exudes a nostalgic homage to the Megaman and Castlevania NES games that made 2D side-scrolling action-adventures popular. Think of it as the spiritual successor to these games, while altogether aware of the current generation of gamers' appeals.The graphics are crisp, the music is on-point (albeit you must have at least a modicum of interest in chiptunes), the story is both amusing and exciting, and most importantly, the gameplay is smooth and decisive.Shovel Knight doesn't just echo a sense of the brilliance behind sidescrollers; it masters that sense of intrigue and pushes on to complete perfection.This game is not only a work of art - it's also a hell of a good time. Support these guys, and buy this game. Even if you don't like games like this, I assure you that Shovel Knight will win you over with its charm."
76561198040474418,Recommended,250760,11039052,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,fishbot22,"This game was everything I wanted and more.  I bought the game for a fresh blast of the past with a classic feeling platformer, and the game delivered that with a surprising dose of creativity, originality, and actually a relaly cool sotry.  I blazed through the game once without putting it down but that won't stop me coming back for seconds, and also thirds."
76561198113387270,Recommended,250760,11039374,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,eliegodbout,Amazing!
76561198009906266,Recommended,250760,11040148,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Maso,"This game is fantastic ! Old school gaming is still as strong as ever with this game . The music by Jake kaufmen aka Virt is mind blowing . amazing game  ! iRecommend it to everyone , it's that awsome !"
,Recommended,250760,11040220,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,M4Tr1X_1134,This game is just a must to all retro gamers. Old school platformers / snes game waiting you out there ! $15 is a perfect price for this masterpiece
76561198068902129,Recommended,250760,11040548,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,NarcissusBloom,"Amazing pixelated exstacy! A perfect blend of Mario, Castlevania, Mega-man and a touch of ducktales. The sound track is some of the best chip tunes I've ever heard. A pretty amazing nostalgia fix, that feels like something completely new!"
76561197993429192,Recommended,250760,11458883,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,KingFishX,"If you miss the games of the past, when platforming, tight controls, and simplistic combat were the main things you looked for in a game, Shovel Knight has got you covered, in spades. With a map screen reminiscint of Super Mario Bros. 3, 8 bosses much like those found in Mega Man games, a handful of secret weapons, and two-to-three button controls, Shovel Knight plays alot like those games from 0ver 20 years ago.For the most part, of you like Mega Man games, you'll probably like Shovel Knight. Shovel Knight must hit enemies with his shovel instead of blasting them from afar (sub-weapons will let you, for some magic), but both his size and movements work alot like that of Mega Man.Pros of this game include, but not limited to -Easy to use controls that never feel punishing, if you die, it was your fault.Awesome chiptune soundtrack that hearkens back to Mega Man games.Fairly lengthy game the first time through. Can take from 3 - 5 hours depending on if you want to find EVERYTHING or not.Inventive level design. One stage everything may be pitch black and having you use background lightning to see where to jump, another you're on the back of a giant, lava-immune stag beetle.Armor and Shovel upgrades can be bought that will change the game a bit, but not necessarily be just a straight stat upgrade. An example - Conjurer's Coat, you get an extra 50 maximum mana, and enemies drop more mana, but you take twice the normal damage.Bosses that like to attack randomly. Bosses have alot of attacks they can use, but not necessarily in a set order. Be ready for anything.Cons of this game? Well, there are no lives, you simply lose part of your current gold, which can be regained from the flying bags. As a guy that grew up with the more challenging games of the day, Shovel Knight didn't give me much trouble.Even while being a bit on the easy side, this game is a sure recommendation from me. Shovel Knight takes inspiration from alot of the games of old, but makes it's own unique game from it. For $15, it's a great value."
,Recommended,250760,11449724,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Polarpaw Sisters,"If you have been waiting for a good 2D platformer, this game will bring you back to the glory days of platformers.Levels are unique. The items are awesome for both fighting and platforming. The bosses range from pretty easy to tricky.You will die a lot and only blame yourself for the mistake.11/10, 200% worth the 15 euro price."
76561198135491752,Recommended,250760,11451657,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Baddudez,"Fun game with lots of heart.A bit short. Was hoping there was a zelda style 2nd world. Alas the team was probably too small.And getting all the armor was way too easy. Balancing issue with economy, but other than that it's a great homage to Mega Man\ Castlevania and Zelda II"
76561198121166164,Recommended,250760,11451904,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,canaletto11,This game is Life-ruiningly addictive
,Recommended,250760,11441425,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Please Don't Touch My Raf,I can dig it.
76561198071220004,Recommended,250760,11444420,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Lieutenant Dan's Ice Cream,IN THE WORD OF THE ALMIGHTY JONTRON 10/10 GAME O DA YEAR
,Recommended,250760,11296087,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Parker,"Something old, something new. Something borrowed, someone blue. Shovel Knight digs up snippets of past legendary classics while remaining its own game. The controls are so nice, so smooth. The amount of items you can get add variety to the gameplay, but don't cheapen the experience or force you to use the ""best one"". The music for each stage is wonderful and the boss battles are exciting, shoveling on just the right amount of challenge. You have to think of how to approach the combat situation, but not long enough to interrupt enjoyment.The level design is no different. There will be moments where your tension peaks from just having cleared a difficult part, say bouncing off rising and falling enemies to make it across a bottomless chasm, but it makes the reward all the sweeter. In the same (ore) vein, secrets are littered across all the levels. You need a fair bit of ingenuity in the later levels, which pleases the mind. The game is not long, but not short; the ideal length of a game this price.All of the characters you come across (bar the nameless passerbys) are definitively memorable and hold definitive, charming personalities. In fact, this entire game has personality and you can see the amount of work put into it.In short, this game is more than worth the price and is a welcome addition to any Steam library. Dig inside yourself (and your wallet) and purchase this game as soon as you can! For Shovelry!"
,Recommended,250760,11298498,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,syiofkargath666,"This takes all the best things of classic metroidvania and megaman and mixes it in with it's own stuff for a very fufilling and fun experience. If you like 2d platformers like castlevania, megaman, metroid and the like. This is a must have, no questions asked."
,Recommended,250760,11298619,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,FrodoMann,"You have my sword.And you have my bow.And my Shovel!==Actual Review==This game is fantastic for both platformer veterans and newcomers, The humor is great, the gameplay is responsive and smooth and unlike most platformers these days this game is actually challenging without being unfair. Would recommend at full price. If its on deal it's a no brainer.10 thumbs up"
,Recommended,250760,11299517,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Horriblename,This game is really fun if you enjoy games like Mega Man.
,Recommended,250760,11299625,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Gamerofthegame,"It's actually hella good. It captures the feel of older games like Megaman without some of the more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t elements from older games, such as Megaman's platforming. It's difficult, though I think it's kind of telling when New Game+, the mode where checkpoints are halved and you don't get much in the way of healing items the most dangerous thing is a bottomless pit, not attrition from enemies.♥♥♥♥ pits."
76561197995108422,Recommended,250760,11273639,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,spencer_thomas,"I must admit to having been excited about this game for nearly a year before release, but I definitely was not disappointed in the slightest.While Shovel Knight is clearly an homage to the oldschool NES platformers, they manage to go above and beyond. Yacht Club hit all of the best parts of that era while avoiding many of the mistakes that similar retro platformers make, namely in a willingness to improve on the mechanics rather than faithfully replicating the missteps and limitations of old games.I think many who are major afficionados of the genre may be disappointed in the lack of difficulty at first, but Shovel Knight allows you to choose your own difficulty in many ways, which I think makes the game approachable for new players without compromising it for the veterans.If I were to make one criticism, it's that the game felt a little bit short, but I think it has the Portal quality of being exactly as long as it needs to be. Always something new on every stage without a chance for any mechanic to go stale. They are also at work on additional content, meeting Kickstart stretch goals and such, so there is surely more on the way.Between clever and tight gameplay, a breadth of appeal, gorgeous art, and one of my favorite game soundtracks of all time, I give Shovel Knight a hearty recommendation."
76561198071886904,Recommended,250760,11273740,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,hellabooty,"Have you ever enjoyed a SNES platformer, If so you love this game.It is really that simple."
76561198025312329,Recommended,250760,11273936,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Blackwing,Butt Mode.Tenouttaten.
76561198007858484,Recommended,250760,11273993,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,toolguy1420,"Danced with a king, fought a man obsessed with hats, and dug a lot. 10/10"
,Recommended,250760,11233961,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Ghost,"Glory to the Troupple King, long may his stem grow"
,Recommended,250760,11226218,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Xifurez,"One of the finest platformers I've played in recent years. The controls are smooth, consistent and it has a feel reminiscent of early Mega Man and Zelda 2. The graphics are somewhere around the 8 bit era and they are done very well, as well as the music, giving the game a good artistic feel. The story is simple, and it leaves you with a desirable goal.I guess you can say, I really dig this game B)"
76561198048975595,Recommended,250760,11235903,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,D4rk_K3vin_69,I like this game because *insert shovel joke*.
76561198024995878,Recommended,250760,11237488,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,witchfynder,The ending to the silly pixel-art shovel game gave me feels.Unexpected/10 would feel again
,Recommended,250760,10991588,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Netherfiend,"In case anyone wasn't sure... is the pinnacle of NES style retro gaming. Rock solid controls, great sprite based graphics, amazing chiptunes. It has a very Mega Man feel, but with a little bit of Zelda II thrown in with the town areas and some of the style of battling. Lots of hidden areas, secrets to collect, bonus stages. Very well thought out level design and solid boss fights.If I have one gripe after my first playthrough is that it was almost too easy. So many checkpoints in the levels, and no real penalty for dying. You can sometimes just shovel your way through enemies taking damage and not really worrying too much. I died far more often from falling into a pit than from running out of health. Needless to say, get this game, play it, love it."
,Recommended,250760,11174360,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,gsa9,2D Dark Souls
,Recommended,250760,11242069,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,D_Luna,"Excellent old-school style 2D game with good controls, music and gameplay!  It also has good replayability and great save system.  I highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in action/platformer style games."
,Recommended,250760,11242689,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,sys(DRUM)atic,"Like I said before, This game will♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU off... Until you beat it's♥♥♥♥♥and then you shall love it again. Thus, the circle of life."
76561198045644314,Recommended,250760,11243209,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,neoVERSI,"This game is like taking a trip down memory lane. Beautiful animation, great music and addicting gameplay."
76561198091053378,Recommended,250760,11253780,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,CyanideCandy,"Nice game to play, cool feeling and i love the 8-bit music.Howeverthere's a huge downside to it... I died a couple of times spoke with all NPC's, discovered secrets and didnt rush at all, yet the game's over after 9h of playtime. For 15€ and as a simple Ppatformer, i was really expecting much more playtime..."
,Recommended,250760,11237583,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Crioll,"All the best elements of NES platforming smacked into 1.10/10, beats any 59$ title this year."
76561198034889321,Recommended,250760,11179513,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,I just blue myself,This game is a must buy for people who love platformers and old retro games. Shovel Knight has great gameplay and a great story to go with it.
76561198039198754,Recommended,250760,11180299,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Vulture,"Awesome game, good music, good physics. A challenging but enjoyable playing experience. The price is a bit too high in my opinion, but if you like 2d retro platformers this is the one to buy. 9/10"
,Recommended,250760,11181686,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,"But that's Kaede's lie, isn't it","One of the greatest 2d platformers I have ever played, I recommend it for anyone who enjoys platformers and even people looking for some nostalgia!"
,Recommended,250760,11184029,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ThrillLizard,"Shovel Knight is not easy on newbies. The game has an old-school degree of difficulty to go with its retro vibe, and while there are checkpoints scattered through each level (which can be destroyed to earn money, thus cancelling the checkpoint), you will meet many, meany deaths at the hands of agile enemies and lethal obstacles. Deviously, the game subtracts a chunk of cash every time you perish but leaves the money floating in the spot you died, daring you to go back and try to retrieve it.So yes, Shovel Knight is a great game. But I’ve heard several reviewers describe it as the best game of 2014 so far, and that makes me scratch my head a bit. It’s one thing to be blessed with a game that so wonderfully captures the feel and flavour of old-school classics, but I think some folks are a little too enamoured of Shovel Knight’s retro homages. It’s very clever and exceptionally well-designed, but it’s not a wildly innovative game, and in the years to come I’m not sure it will be as fondly remembered as the games that inspired it.Still, it’s so very refreshing to find a true gem in the ever-expanding rockpile of retro-influenced games, and Shovel Knight is a wonderful love letter to some of the classics that many of us grew up with. You will dig it."
,Recommended,250760,11184096,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Gary the Llama,"Do you miss the days of being constantly hit-stunned into a pit? Well, miss them no longer! Shovel Knight has all the cheap deaths you could want, wrapped up in a glorious retro-package. This game takes me right back to my childhood. Now I spend my nights cowering in the corner, waiting for daylight. Thanks, Yacht Club Games!"
,Recommended,250760,11173649,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Mustmayostardayonnaise,This is definetly one of the best RPG platformer games i have ever played!
,Recommended,250760,11174705,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Iwasonlyhuman,"I played only 20 minutes and fell in love instantly, and it even inspired a review.  If you are full of NES / SNES nostalgia, this is a must have."
76561198069985897,Recommended,250760,11177081,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,justinlacasse,"This game is awsome. Classic ZELDA, Super Mario Bros 3, and Mega Man had a baby. Soo Good! and Difficult"
