user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,250900,32286258,Posted: 9 June,all,oposdeo,"This game's greatest strength is its replayability and sustaining value. It may be one of the highest hour-to-dollar ratios in single-player gaming.If you are the kind of gamer who reacts to a difficult challenge with a determination to conquer it, you will love the way this game continues to challenge, and challenge, and challenge further.If you are the kind of gamer who goes into a game looking for suprises and discovery, you will be continuously pleased every time you find a cool new room, a game-changing item, crazy synergies between those items, and the games plaethora of well hidden secrets.If you are the kind of gamer who loves to hunt achievements, this game will not only please you with the gargantuan number of achievements on display, but also in how the game integrates them with the core gameplay, rewarding you with in-game unlocks for almost every single achievement.If you are the kind of gamer who just wants a game they can turn on whenever, wherever, and enjoy a short but enjoyable gaming session, this game is perfect. If you are in this category,  buy it on the Switch if you have one.If you are the kind of gamer that likes more casual experiences, that becomes very disheartened by dying or losing, is squeamish around gross imagery, or who doesn't want to have to look things up online, then you might find this game doesn't suit your tastes. One feature common amoung content rich games like this, Don't Starve or Minecraft is that they are often very hard to penetrate due to their emphasis on experimentation and unexplained features, requiring wiki usage, and other McMillen games like Super Meat Boy often deter those that justifiably claim ""This game is too hard"" or ""This game is gross!"" While very fun and rewarding to the kinds of gamers listed above, and highly recommended, do beware that if you are in this category, I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,250900,13074966,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,DoctorAutopsy,"This is everything a remake should be: More items, more characters, more challenges, more bosses... More everything. My computer is old and chugs with games like Minecraft and Team Fortress 2, but Isaac: Rebirth runs silky smooth.Three words:Buy. This. Game."
,Recommended,250900,32797751,Posted: 25 June,all,Stealia,"My first attempts at The Binding of Isaac resulted in me repeated dying in the first room I entered. Almost 2000 hours later in game I can now sometimes survive as the lost. Despite the frustration of dying A LOT, the challenge of getting further and further in game was what kept me returning day after day. Two years later it is still my most commonly played game.With this many hours of enjoyment I feel like a review is long overdue.Music - 5/5I absolutely love the soundtrack for this game and it complements the theme of the game. Each floor has it's own unique tracks and ambient sounds which give a great atmosphere.Standout tracks:  Delirum, Diptera Sonata & Ascension (Chest Fight)Graphics - 3/5This is very much down to personal taste - I originally played the flash version of Binding of Isaac and once Rebirth came out with the pixel graphics I immediately hated it. It felt like a lot of the charm was gone. The art style has grown on me over time but I do still miss the old graphics.Playability - 5/5Giving this game any less than a 10 for me is impossible. In about 2000 hours I've run into a couple of bugs but rarely have they caused me to lose a run. The only memorable on is when using Dead Cat on a Sacrifice room it caused the game to crash but I've not had that occur in quite some time.The controls were initally hard for me to get used to but they are simple and you do get used to them fairly quickly. I use a keyboard but have attempted the game with a controller but I found it a bit odd after having played so much of the game with the keyboard. Some friends have found it easier with controller when starting but I suppose that comes down to personal preference.TOTAL: 13/15The Binding of Isaac is fun (albeit, hard at times) game with a lot of charm. It's given me quite literally thousands of hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,250900,28323148,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ataristic,After 2000 hours played (with a few hundred on the original Flash version) I guess I should write a review.This is a good game. I think you should buy it.
,Recommended,250900,13915295,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,o track,"If you get into this game you will no longer find it weird when people say things like'I hope I'll get proptosis''Cancer! Great!''I'm not sure if I wanna pick up dead cat''Headless baby, it's an okay pickup''I should be able to kill mom'there's like 350 items, lots of bosses, enemies, synergies,characters,challenges and it has a lot of replay value, all that cool stuff you want in a video gamethe soundtrack is nice too"
,Recommended,250900,12790138,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Spirit,"1 And it came to pass after these things, that Edmund McMillen did tempt gamers, and said unto them, gamers: and he said, Behold, here I am.2 And he said, Take now thy cash, thine only cash till next pay period, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Steam or Sony; and offer it there for 10 to 15 USD (dependent upon loyalty discount), offering upon one of the consoles which I will tell thee of.3 And the gamers rose up early in the morning, and saddled their Honda Civics, and took two new Taco Bell Breakfast Crunchwraps, and their cash, and rose up, and went unto the place of which Edmund had told them.4 Then on what felt like the billionth day the gamers lifted up their eyes, and saw the place afar off.5 And  they said unto their Crunchwraps, Abide ye here with the Honda Civics; and I and the cash will go yonder and worship, and come again to you.6 And the gamers took their cash; and they went both of them together.7 And the cash spake unto the gamers, their owners, and said, My owners: and they said, Here am I, my cash. And he said, Behold the cart, full: but where is the cash for offering?8 And the gamers said, My cash, Edmund McMillen will provide himself cash for an offering: so they went both of them together, because mediums of exchange are incapable of  critical thinking.9 And they came to the place which Edmund had told them of; and the gamers chilled there, and placed the order, and bound their cash and laid him on the altar of purchase.10 And the gamers stretched forth their hands, and inched their cursors towards confirmation.11 And Tyrone Rodriguez called unto gamers out of Nicalis, and said, gamers, gamers: and he said, Here am I.12 And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the cash, neither do thou any thing unto it: for now I know that thou fearest cancellation; seeing thou hast not withheld thy cash, thine only cash for this pay period.13 And  the gamers lifted up their eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a northern lion: and the gamers went and took the northern lion, and criticized him for taking Mom's Knife, in stead of their cash.14 And the gamers called that game Rebirth: as it is said to this day, In the mount of  Indie it shall be seen.The Binding of Isaac, released back in 2011, is a rogue-like indie darling that wears its Zelda influences on its sleeves. You play as Isaac, a young boy living with his mother. His mother, convinced she is being spoken to by God, must offer Isaac up to prove her love and devotion to Him. Isaac, in an understandable act of defiant self-interest, descends into the basement to escape. It's there that the game begins. You fight all manner of monstrosities down below, ranging from hideous pin worms, cleft-lipped disembodied heads, physical manifestations of the Seven Deadly Sins, and the Horsemen of the Apocalypse.You start fighting the denizens of your basement with your tears – yes, this game is a strange one – but as you progress you'll find unlockables (in stores, treasure rooms, arcades, etc.) that change your tear effects, sometimes drastically (and sometimes your appearance). To win you have to juggle health, bombs, keys, and money. You'll have to find secret rooms (and secreter rooms!).  And of course, you'll have to fight... well, I won't spoil THAT. Suffice it to say you'll have some options. As you play, succeed, and succumb, you'll unlock items and characters for each subsequent playthrough. On top of that, items you find and unlock, enemies you encounter, and floor layouts all change with each descent – effectively making every run unique. The Binding of Isaac is one of the most highly replayable games around, with many players logging in hundreds if not thousands of hours.It's a troubling trend lately that games have been getting the HD rerelease treatment so quickly after initial launch. The Last of Us, Tomb Raider, Sleeping Dogs, Metro – all have come out recently, all have had rereleases in fairly quick succession. It's no secret that gamers are suckers for a good dose of nostalgia, and that we're willing to pay top dollar for games we loved years ago that haven't necessarily weathered the passing of time so well. Now publishers are testing gaming goodwill with the constant stream of HD ports, definitive editions, remasters, and remakes.It's been three years since Isaac's first appearance, and now he's back in The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. And just like way back in 2011 when he first burst onto the scene, he's stolen the show yet again. I've explained the core mechanics and features of the game in a previous paragraph, so I won't get all redundant on you. Instead I'll tell you what's new in Rebirth. New enemies, regular and boss types. New floor layouts. Bigger floors. New items. New trinkets (items you carry with you that result in an effect – Pink Eye gives you poison shots, Cancer increases number of tears, etc.). New challenge runs. More item synergies. More characters to play as. “Seeds” that allow you to choose a particular run. Hard mode for you masochists. Couch drop in/drop out co-op, ingeniously designed where a second player can take health from the first player and becomes a unique familiar, providing backup until death (as long as you have health to spare, you can respawn). Controller support. New soundtrack from Matthias Bossi and Jon Evans. More secrets. The ability to save. Chocolate ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.…Okay, not that last bit.I could go on. Needless to say they took The Binding of Isaac and its DLC, Wrath of the Lamb, and compiled it into a single rerelease. Then they went and gave it a new splash of paint and hundreds of hours of content. Graphics are spectacular and detailed, the style is lovingly Zelda inspired, the music is fresh and exhilarating, enemies pop upon death, viscerally gratifying... it's truly a delight. If I have a minor niggle, it's that Rebirth feels kind of floaty compared to Vanilla Isaac, a little too fast – but that just might take some getting used to. It certainly hasn't deterred me. For players old and new Rebirth is at once familiar and exotic, and I predict that regardless of prior experience with Isaac you'll find yourself experiencing some gaming de ja vu. It really, truly is a gamer's game; a loving homage to why we picked up controllers in the first place.But half the fun, my uninitiated friends, is discovering all this for yourselves... the bosses (and tactics required to take them down), the items, the secrets. It's a challenging game, I won't sugarcoat it. But pressing forward and beating that first boss, getting to a new level, glimpsing the final boss... all of these milestones are as rewarding as gaming experience get, period. And once you start at it, you won't stop. That's what those save files are for.This is the indie game of the year. This is the only indie title you really need to buy in 2014... for fans of the series, for those unfamiliar, for sentient animals, and for any extraterrestrials and apparitions within earshot. You owe it to yourself to buy this, a title retro and modern all at once. This puts all of those HD rereleases, definitive editions, and remakes to shame. This is truly a rebirth; for indie games, for players, for devs and publishers... for gaming. The bar has been raised.So what are you waiting for? Repent, every one of you, in the name of RNGesus for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of Rebirth."
,Recommended,250900,14449524,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lavos,"I love this game, alot. It completely blows the original out of the water. Here's some pros/cons:Pros:-More Playable characters.-More Bosses-More Items-8 Billion seeded runs!-Better mechanics-A whole load of bug fixes.-A massive amount of playtime.-New Challenges-Boss rush-16 Endings!-Easier to break >:)Cons:-The Keeper..In all seriousness, this is one of my favourite games of all time. Fantastic, active and passionate community, Northernlion's videos are what keeps me warm at night. Incredible fun, highly recommended."
76561198094966214,Recommended,250900,32799513,Posted: 25 June,all,Creative and witty nickname.,"If you like naked children mutating and injecting various chemicals into themselves, killing angels for a key, and selling your soul to satan himself for a dead cat, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,250900,32114480,Posted: 1 June,all,St. Jimmy,The Best Game I Have Ever Played [No Exaggeration].There's So Much In The Game To do!PROS:-Hundreds Of Items (504)-100+ Trinkets (122)-Loads Of Unlocks-Achievements-Trading Cards-Steam Badge-Hundreds Of Hours Play TimeCONS:-Hard To Get Into-Frustrating-Shoop Da Whoop
76561198046637865,Recommended,250900,18899430,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Cade,"Disclaimer: This game has a steep learning curve. The basis of this game is knowledge, the community spreads their knowledge, almost making a meta. The Binding of Isaac is a very fun game for me and I love it's art style. That being said here are some pros and cons:Pros:1. Precise gameplay (in terms of movement, shooting and the bullet hell aspects.)2. Wide variety of bosses3. Randomized everything!4. Great soundtrack!5. Wide variety of characters6. (With Afterbirth) Interesting greed mode with cool final boss7. Great community!Cons:1. Very hard to memorize what _____ Item does. (maybe its just me, idk)2. Ouch! Alot of bullet hell aspects. (Im bad at those)Anyway, the cons are pretty much because those are my personal issues with it. Believe me, if you want replayability and a good game to stream/ play through blind then this is it!"
,Recommended,250900,12989480,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,St.Hiccup,I hate the enemiesI hate the bossesI hate the roomsI hate the itemsI hate this gameI can't stop playing10/10
,Recommended,250900,12823645,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Spyder,"If you enoyed The Binding of Isaac, you will absolutely love this game. BoI was one of my favourite games from the past few years, and I never thought it could be so much better. Well, it is. Rebirth takes the addictive formula from the flash version of BoI/WotL and made it even more satisfying and addictive this time. The controls are so smooth, the graphics are spot on, and you can tell how much love was put into this game. I simply cannot put this game down, and I highly recommend picking this game up, it is worth every single penny.*Updated for Steam Awards*I nominated BOI:R for the 'Just 5 More Minutes Awards' because everytime I play I find it hard to stop, and ""One more run wouldn't hurt"" ends up being 5 hours."
,Recommended,250900,16324153,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheGreatMagician,Drop money out of poopSell your life to SatanCry over monsters that live in your basementEnter in your mom's utero by a hole in the groundKill yourself as a fetus inside herDefeat the most terrible angels and demonsGet killed by a spiderTen out of ten
,Recommended,250900,15614126,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,FAXE,"I played it just a little bit, I think it is ok.69/10 best game for eternity!!!"
,Recommended,250900,13807728,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,人中乌龙,The Finding of Items: Restart.
,Recommended,250900,16997601,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,#NV,"'When life gives you lemons, reroll.'Fortune Teller Machine__________________________________________IntroductionAt first I did not know what to think of the 'Binding of Isaac: Rebirth': I've been attacked by smiling piles of poop and killed them with my tears. Meanwhile I was picking up several toxic substances and organs before I died quite soon to the creepy version of 'Snake'. My thoughts were pretty much:""What is this? Why... oh my god, wtf. Ah, c'mon one more try.""Approximately several hundred deaths later (killed by: poop, fire, flies, severed heads, living hearts, creepy huge spiders, needles, eyeballs, headless torsos and other stuff right from a creepy horror story) I can definitely say: This game is awesome and I can't stop playing it. It's probably the best rogue-like that I've played so far and even after 60 hours I've seen nearly nothing of the content. There's just so much stuff to do and an insane amount of unlockables and secrets to discover.(Edit: It took me 269 hours to finish everything and getting every item at least once. Oh boy, that was an experience full of hate and love. Definitely an emotional rollercoaster. The Lost vs. Mega Satan. Nope. Won't do this again...)The games' concept consists of random dungeons and items, a hard difficulty with permanent death and many secrets that players will stumble upon on their journey through little Isaac's basement.These aspects can be found in many other games as well, however here all of it is being combined so extremly well that it creates a game in what everything fits together perfectly. There are several characters with different stats and starting items, a ton of items, trinkets and stuff that can be found and unlocked (with their synergies they decide the run as they either make you a looser or a superhero), dozens of different room types and areas, lots of creepy enemies, bosses and many traps and secrets.In addition most of the content is only unlocked after playing through the game multiple times. Then it's possible that the former endboss isn't the real endboss anymore and that you can access even more areas after its death. Moreover there are also special challenges, a hard mode, different endings and stuff like e.g. curses that randomly appear during a game and make everything even more uncomfortable for our little 'hero'.In 'The Binding of Isaac' every run you do really feels unique and that is what I really love about the game: It never feels repetitive.__________________________________________Visuals and AudioIn addition I like the concept and style that is somewhere between a freaky horror version of a child's book and the insane nightmare of a mad man - just in the super cute version mixed with some creepy sounds.The music is really catchy and the pixelated graphics are very well done, support the atmosphere and make the game seem even dirtier (for the pixel-haters: this filter can be turned off). The game is based around several names, items and stories from the bible and christianity and the main story is about a mother who wants to sacrifice her son to god.I also have to admit that the intro sequence was quite interesting and I really liked all the subtle story hints. They are like different puzzle pieces that fit together and every run adds another element to the whole picture.__________________________________________ContraTalking about the negative points you definitely have to face one fact: some stuff of the game can be an instant turn-off for people. The 'cute but gory ickyness' of the game is definitely very special.And it's really hard. Okay it's a rogue-like, they tend to be hard, but even for their standards this game is a tough cookie. Even more if you plan on getting all the achievements. However I don't really care about this, I just start my character, hope for some good items, get wrecked on a boss (or a regular enemy/fire/needles...) and then I just start over. And all the time it gets a bit easier as you understand the enemies, items and the boss' movements (don't worry you'll still die a lot though...).(Well, in the end I cared about the achievements and spent way more hours in this game than I would have ever though...)__________________________________________ConclusionSo all in all I can definitely recommend this game. From my point of every part of it fits together perfectly and the game provides a ton of fun. The new DLC 'Afterbirth' adds even more enemies, items, synergies and modes to the main game, boosting the time for unlocking everything to insane heights. There is enough stuff to do for several hundred of hours. If you don't mind the 'weird' style and the special humour the game is definitely at least a 9 out of 10.And let us be honest: 'The Binding of Isaac' is the only game where it's at least kind of okay to scream things like:'YES, I got cancer!!!'or'Sweet I found an injection with green looking acid! Now my tears are green and melt through poop, bones and these headless freaks!'or'Great, this pile of sh*t dropped a lunch and some hearts!'...but probably it would be betterNOTto call out loud the names of all the items you get. Sentences like 'I got a...Headless BabyThe head of my Dead CatBob's BladderStem Cells(...)now I can kill my mother!!! Die, die, die! *insert insane laugh here*'...could end with some pretty freaked out people calling the police and you spending the night in a dirty little cell. Well, it may at least have a trap door and a basement..."
76561197983824874,Recommended,250900,13191881,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Blind ShyGuy,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a remastering of the original 2011 Binding of Isaac in short.  The game play hearkens back to old school top-down 16-bit games.  The most notable and recognizable being the Legend of Zelda titles for inspiration.  In essence, the Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a rouge-like RPG where you play as Isaac (or one of the other unlockable characters) and you must traverse the basement of your house to escape the wrath of your mother, who hears from the voice of God and is told that you must be sacrificed.  This premise sets the tone of the game being very creepy and unsettling as you defend against all manners of your lost brothers, sisters, creatures, and other grotesque monstrosities. Eventually leading to a showdown with your own mother as well (and even beyond that if you get good at the game and carry on).What makes the Binding the Isaac such a great title comes from it's solid game play elements.  The game play itself is very easy to understand at first, but becomes very deep with the inclusion of the upgrades via the rogue-like elements (easy to understand + difficult to master + luck of the draw + perma-death = Isaac in a nutshell).  In order to get far into a run, you will need upgrades, and a lot of them.  Isaac by default will only be able to fire his tears at the enemies in only the four cardinal directions, but many different upgrades can alter his tears or give them new effects.  This is what can make or break a run in Binding of Isaac.  Be warned, not all the upgrades are positive, which adds to the rogue-like elements, as some are ultimately poor or are only used in certain situations and can ruin a run, resulting in failure (high risk and high reward situations are the nature of the game).  It is the element of luck the drives you to start up another run, see what upgrades and item combinations you will encounter each time.  In this remastering of Binding of Isaac, there is the heavy emphasis on item/upgrade synergy.  Coming across interesting item combinations and seeing how they interact with one another can create those overpowered moments (Brimstone plus Tammy's Head for example creates a short Brimstone shots in all directions when Tammy's Head is used) that make you feel like a god within the game, or create a silly combination where you have to work twice as hard just to clear a room.So what if you already have played the original Binding of Isaac, what should you expect this time around in the remastering?  In short, a lot more when compared with the original.  More items and upgrades have introduced into the item pool, new bosses and enemies to encounter (for better or worse), a whole new art style very reminiscent of Gameboy Advance titles (pixel art style with a pixel smoother option in the options menu for those who prefer not to look at rigid pixels), seeded run options, 2-player local co-op play, controller support with analog stick integration, new soundtrack, three save slots, new lighting effects, and well just more to be honest.  The sheer amount that was added to the game is staggering when compared to the original.  Even at the $15 USD price, it still feels well worth the investment.  You can get several hours in just from doing a few runs and seeing how far you will get and what crazy item combinations you will come across, or what new items/characters you will unlock for later runs.  It is a challenging game no doubt, but I will admit that having one of those moments where you just barely defeat final boss of your run with only one health bar left, is nothing short of gratifying.  If you have any slight interest in the rogue-like genre, this is genuinely a great title to try and own.Worth it?: YesIf on sale?: No question, yesAvailable on: Steam (PC/Mac/Linux), PS4, PSVita"
76561198073059086,Recommended,250900,28550426,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BumhurtBumhurt,Not too Bad.
,Recommended,250900,13384285,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Dezm0nd,"This game, man.  It'll make you feel like a god as much as it'll make you feel like a one-legged homeless man who has wet himself.Buy it.  It's incredible."
,Recommended,250900,13369657,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,KomplexGyok,The game where the Devil also accepts your credit card. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12791856,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,VIOLETDETH MMLXXXVIII,"So, this game is a remake The Binding Of Isaac released in 2011,I don't want to write a lot, so I will just wrte + and -.+ Isaac is back!+4 new unlockable characters+new rooms+pixel graphics (for pixel haters there is a filter)+LOTS of new items+new effects+new enemies+new challenges+new endings+and more new stuff-in fullscreen game is too zoomed in-some bosses and enemies are worse the they were in original-MUSIC! New soundtrack is OK, but nobody will make as perfect indie game music as Danny...So, If you like the best indie games, buy it."
76561198118213956,Recommended,250900,15806177,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ichorclaw Myr,Finally a game with good christian values!
76561198048587276,Recommended,250900,15894093,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"The original Binding of Isaac was released back in 2011 and was pretty much the effort of two or three people, the game on a chronically horrible Flash interface. The original is still pretty great.However, comparing the original and the remastered Binding of Isaac is like the difference between a regular membrane keyboard and a mechanical keyboard. You won't notice the difference immediately, but it will stick in your mind if you go back to the original.Rebirth plays much better in comparison via subtle changes to the formula. The main differences between the original and the remastered edition include 160+ new items, native gamepad support (thank jebus), a new set of gameplay and difficulty tweaks (Hard mode being a big tweak for cool kids who like to unlock more things on top of their already unlocked things), and the game engine running at 60FPS all times every times (except when you alt-tab to something else, I've noticed, but I'm not going to hit the developers for that).It's a worthy addition to a classic, and I don't know if I can go back to playing the original now, since this supercedes it by a mile. Honestly, the only people I imagine who would complain about this are frustrated teenagers who don't get allowances and those awful pedantic ♥♥♥♥s on Steam who use the forums to complain about refunds every time the pre-orders don't get released on time."
76561197971293504,Recommended,250900,12962779,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,neon distraction,"I've got nearly 400 hours on the original Binding of Isaac. When I preordered Rebirth, it felt almost obligatory. It had so much to live up to! My thought process was, ""Well, I'm sure I'll at least get my money's worth, and that guy is welcome to some more of my money after the cost vs. enjoyment of the original.""IT IS PROBABLY EVEN BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL. I'll rack up hundreds of hours on this one too, I'm sure. The game is cleaner and faster, you don't get shot in the foot by randoming the wrong items, and YOU CAN CONTINUE YOUR GAME. So now if you're in the middle of a good play and someone is like, ""Hey let's go out to dinner,"" you don't have to just leave the game running the entire time you're gone.So yeah. Recommend."
,Recommended,250900,13102900,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,strand_man,"Great improvment from the original. I don't see anything that the original has over this game other than like 2 songs.Pros-Better graphics-Better soundtrack (for the most part)-More fps-More Characters, Bosses, Items, Floors, etc.-More synergies!!!!-Many more that I can't think ofCons-The Lost"
,Recommended,250900,12861710,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,WasdTheFuck,"This game has enough content to keep you going for weeks if not months just to reach 100%, and even after that, you're stuck with a beatiful, fun, endlessly replayable game that runs at silky-smooth 60FPS on almost any machine.That said, the game can and WILL kick your butt hard if you're not paying attention to what you're doing. However if you can play your cards right (sometimes literally), you can own the game and become death, the destroyer of floors.If you enjoyed even a slight bit of the original, you'll be in love with the new game,And let's not forget that the soundtrack is simply wicked, in all senses of the word."
76561197993638828,Recommended,250900,28463773,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Boombastic,"Isaac has some problems in his family. His mother, watching a religious TV program, decided to kill her son in sacrifice to God. The kid managed to jump into the basement, a network of catacombs, densely populated by a huge amount of monsters. And the only weapon he has are his tears.In The Binding of Isaac Rebirth you clean room by room, collect bonuses, find hidden places and shops, and then defeat the boss and jump into the next door in the floor. A new level begins and it gets harder and harder. You do so a few times before meeting his mother, then Satan himself or someone else.The Binding of Isaac is challenging, really difficult. The farther you get, the easier it is to die and then you have to start from the very beginning. But there are many items which help you to become stronger. So many that I even used the Isaac Wiki to get the full understanding of every item and situation in the game (it really helps!). One item teaches Isaac to jump (finally!), other causes tears or enemies to explode and hurt everyone around. You can upgrade your max HP (Hearts), the devil will sometimes reward you with the power of the dark side (wings and other strong abilities for some of your hearts). The style of play often changes radically in the middle of the race. You just scribbled tears in different directions, hardly finishing even the smallest creep and then you suddenly get a power-up that changes your whole gameplay and you kill even the hardest boss without any problems. But the thing is, it can be the other way round, too! It is also always interesting to see how every item affects Isaac, because every item changes his appearance, so each time he looks different: he acquires tumors, horns or a bloody grin, pulls mom's bra on his head or... something else.Failure is a part of the process. Play, die, start again, play, die, again. But every time we get something new (achievements open new items), so you do not want to stop completely.Rebirth added a lot of new enemies, bosses, items and secrets if you compare it with the original game. And this is good! Edmund McMillen and his colleagues made an excellent job. A game full of the most horrible fears, bitter tears of childhood and exciting ideas.You can also play it with you friend locally. But it’s not the local multiplayer you’d expect. Instead of a full second hero your partner takes control of a little Ghost accompanying Isaac. It can't go through doors or pick up items, it can only help to do more dmg. I would like more, although it is not clear how anything else would fit into the current mechanics.So all in all this game is really fantastic! - 10/10!Click to get to my Curation Page"
,Recommended,250900,17078871,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,SirSpeakingPineapple,"Things you should be careful about when talking about this game in public or even your friends in a skype call.1)""I killed mom!""2)""HELL YEAH! I've got cancer!""3)""Why are all these giant babies farting on me?""4)""Now I could use this razor to activate my w h o r e!""5)""God dammit! I didn't want to pick up the dead cat, now that bucket of lard I just ate was worthless!""6)""Those little poops are so cute!""7)""After I take this deal with the devil, I can have w h o r e permanently""8)""Can't wait for afterbirth!""9)""Mom is dead, its time to go inside her womb!""10)""I'm not sure what's better, Mom's bra or Mom's pad?""11)""Damn it! I accidently picked up the tick, now I can't get cancer!""12)""Yay! More afterbirth is coming!""There are probably more but I'd never have the time to put them all into one review but I'm sure you will find the rest while playing.(I might keep adding more over long periods of time and feel free to add more in the comments)10/10 would say again"
,Recommended,250900,12821087,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, a remake of the flash game made by Edmund McMillen. A game I've been anticipating for a very long time. Everyone who doesn't have it might be wondering if it live up to the hype, is it better than the original? Is it a good game at all?Absolutely.Rebirth is an improvement on the original isaac in every single way imaginable. The art style, the gameplay, controller support, save files, everything you can think of is better in Rebirth. Its absolutely one of the best games I've ever played, and its only been 2 days! The game is everything I expected it to be and more. I can't say enough about how much of a pleasure it is to play this game. The original brought me into the genre of the roguelike/lite. And this one draws me in even more with all the incredible items and synergys.I've heard people complain about the soundtrack, I really don't understand why. Its much better in my opinion, its more of a background ambient sound rather than an in your face track, and I find that fits this game incredibly well. The arcade and boss music is especially good. The only complaint that I've had issue with is keyboard problems occasionally, but its so minor and rarely affects anything, at least for me.Rebirth is truely one of the best games I've played, and will probably be my game of the year. What are you waiting for?! Go pick up Rebirth and play the best rougelike to date.Buy At Full Price"
,Recommended,250900,12792698,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Big Buff Cheeto Puff,I highly recommend this game to anyone with strong Christian values.
,Recommended,250900,13075941,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Beardingo,"Using the skills i learned in The Binding of Isaac, I tried to kill my real life abusive mother with my tears, but that only made her hit me harder. Despite giving me false hope, the game is really good.9/10"
,Recommended,250900,28965418,Posted: 2 January,all,Setti,Great Game for wasting 10 minutes before you leaveGreat Game for wasting 10 hours instead of sleeping10/10 doesnt cost $60
,Recommended,250900,32380705,Posted: 12 June,all,G. Samsa,I haven't played this game all that much but it seems cool and you should buy it.
,Recommended,250900,13313279,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Serial Killer-chan,This game does not hold your hand. Feel free to cry about it; maybe you'll do more damage.
,Recommended,250900,14493383,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Doky,I havent showered in 4 days
,Recommended,250900,27978809,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Singast,"It's fair to say that Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth is my favourite game, since I invested a few hours into it... With this being said I won't review it because my opinion will obviously influence my review, I will critique it using the concepts written by Ernest Adams and Joris Dormans in the bookGame Mechanics:  Advanced Game Design.The authors came up with five concepts that players should find in every game. These are: Physics, Internal Economy, Progression Mechanisms, Tactical Maneuvering and Social Interaction.Physics:Physics are very important in video games, because natural laws like gravity, mass, inertia can be applied in a game to either make it realistic or to distort reality. Not only the Newtonian physics are affected by game physics, it can also affect sparks, explosions or even smoke.The controls in The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth are quite simple. The characters use physics for movement using the WASD keys and firing tears using the arrow keys.There are a few items in the game that distort the veracity of the physics.Such as Fate, Lord of the Pit, Spirit of the Night and a few synergies that gives the player the ability to fly. And tear effects that makes the character to shoot stationary tears (Anti-gravity), gravitational tears (Tiny Planet), bombs (IPECAC, Dr. Fetus and Epic Fetus), knife (Mom’s Knife) and even lasers (Technology, Technology 2, Tech X, Brimstone, Mega Blast and Shoop Da Whoop). Not counting with the synergies that can occur if the player mixes two or more of those items.Internal Economy:Real life has an economy based on a system that produces currency or other objects that have a monetary value.However, there is other type of economy in games, it is called internal economy, which includes all kinds of resources, such as: Health, XP (experience), skills, levels, ammo and a lot more. In order to know better a video game’s gameplay, it is very important to understand how its economy works. How to get resources and how to spend them, in order to benefit the player.This game has a great quantity of examples for internal economy. It has coins, keys, bombs, and HP.The coins allow the player to buy items, consumables, gamble on slot machines. It even can contribute to the player’s damage if the item Money = Power has been picked up.The Bombs are used to blow up tinted rocks (that gives spirit hearts, keys, bombs, golden chests or Small Rock). Bombs can be used also to find secret rooms, or simply as a damage dealer.Keys are required to get into certain rooms, such as Item Rooms, Shop, Double key rooms, libraries… It is also required to open golden chests.There are different types of HP, there are red hearts (usually gained from an item), spirit hearts and black hearts, the last two are temporary and are important in the beginning of every run. The temporary HP are used to protect red hearts so the player can access Deals with the Devil, these deals consume red hearts in exchange of some powerful items. If the player runs out of red hearts, temporary hearts can be exchanged as well.Progression Mechanisms:Progression Mechanisms are one of the most important type of mechanism of any video game. And the reason for this is that it can engage players into spending lots of hours in a game just to try to beat the high score, to get through a level or to finish a game. There are lots of examples of progression mechanisms, such as: defeating an end level boss, puzzles, scores, getting certain items that allows players to proceed in the story, allowing access to more advanced levels and narratives.In Binding of Isaac the progression mechanism is to defeat bosses in order to go to the next floor. There are ways to go around that method, if the player has the item We need to go deeper! or an ehwaz rune, he can create a trap door in the ground and go to the next level. This is a viable way if the player is powerful enough or wants to get to Boss rush or the Hush fight on time, because jumping boss fights and possibly Deals with the Devil can have a great impact on the player’s stats, making the player weaker since the difficulty level goes up with every floor.Tactical Maneuvering:Tactical Maneuvering is very important mostly in strategy games, because it gives benefits to players if certain units are located in the right place. However, each video game is unique and tactics differs from player to player, depending on how aggressively or how passively players tend to play the game.There are lots of things we need to consider before talking about Tactical Maneuvering. Since the game is randomly generated, the player can’t count on a certain item to show up at any time.So it’s hard to have a defined tactic and it’s better to adjust the way the game is played with the items that are given. For instance: a player with the synergy brimstone + guppy will play differently of a player that has the synergy tiny planet + mom’s knife.Other thing that affects tactics is the amount of HP that the player has. This will affect the run especially in Deals with the Devil because there are lots of times that the player can’t make a Deal with the Devil given his low HP.Social Interaction:Nowadays, the activity of playing video games is becoming more of a social activity. There are two ways of playing games with other people, either by the Internet or by LAN parties. One important step to improve social interaction in the gaming world was the creation of gaming platforms such as Steam or Desura, these incentivize players to socialize, talk, discuss game-related matters, and share their experiences and to play video games together.Binding of Isaac is a single-player game, however it can be played with another person in a local co-op scenario. One thing that came up with the DLC Afterbirth is the daily challenges, where lots of people can play the same seed, and in the end there’s a leaderboard where people can compare their scores. This is the only way that people can socialize in this game.Conclusion:For a video game to be good it must follow some rules, which will allow players to become engaged while playing the game. For Adams and Dormans there are five different types of mechanics that a player could find in any game.The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth can fit in all of those concepts excellently, with the only exception being the social interaction (which still is pretty good for a single-player game!).After 830 hours, this game still surprises me for its complexity and for its coherency. Edmund and his team made an amazing work with this gem here, and I encourage everyone to try this game."
76561198154751277,Recommended,250900,29042878,Posted: 5 January,all,🤔,"Very fun and expansive, but everybody hating on this because of Afterbirth+ PLEASE LISTEN:STOP GIVING THE MAIN GAME BAD REVIEWS BECAUSE OF AFTERBIRTH+GO TO ACTUAL PAGE OF AFTERBIRTH+ AND REVIEW IT THEREREBIRTH ISN'T AS BROKEN AS AFTERBIRTH+YOU'RE HATING ON THE WRONG PAGE AND GIVING REBIRTH BAD REVIEWS BECAUSE OF SOMETHING THAT ISN'T REBIRTHGIVE AN ACTUAL REASON TO HATE IT, NOT ""Dlc is bad and so I hate the original!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
,Recommended,250900,18283609,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ashes,Kill SatanKill your mom's internal organsKill flying tumoursKill yourself as a fetus in your mom's uterusKill whistling poopand then get killed by a fly.12/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,250900,12987491,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Chesh,"Even more addictive than the original Binding of Isaac.I could probably finish my review having said that because it's bare truth. But I feel that some people might want me to justify this statement (especially considering how captivatingThe Binding of Isaacalready was) so here we go:I've played the original BoI for some 100 hours and have achieved thePlatinum God!achievement. Hence I consider myself experienced enough to know what I am talking about to say the least.Since ""The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth"" is more or less an overhaul of the originalBoII will try to point out in how far this game is different from its predecessor and where there are similarities:The Binding of Isaacoffered 100 items to collect. Players that bought the DLCWrath of the Lambcould extend this collection to almost 200 items.Rebirthoffers close to 350 items, aforesaid 200 of which are the same as in Wrath of the Lamb. This leaves us with ~150 new items.The same goes for trinkets, ""pick-ups"" and nearly everything else.There are various new types of enemies, bosses and new room types that seem elaborate and reasonably extend the gameplay - the ""dice room"" for example can change the fate of an entire run.Rebirth also provides twice as many challenges as BoI. There are easier and harder ones depending on which items you are equipped with from the start and how many dungeons you have to beat in order to complete that particular challenge.Additionally there are new soundtracks which I liked a lot better than the original ones and new voice acting for old bosses.This game of course features Steam achievements. However I find kind of weird that a part of the achievements are exactly the ones you could achieve in BoI and Wrath of the Lamb. On the other hand this only demonstrates how similar it still is to the original.Summing it all up I think you can say that The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is almost no different in gameplay than The Binding of Isaac and Wrath of the Lamb.Where there was potential to enhance and add new features it has been done.If someone ever felt there was a ""lack of content"" they shouldn't have anything to wish for anymore.I recommend it for both players who experienced Wrath of the Lamb and/or the original and players that are new to this genre/franchise.One last thing: They also implemented a ""Hard"" mode. Because that's what BoI always needed. A bloody mode that iseven harder. Jokes aside, I like having it."
76561198059603025,Recommended,250900,12790205,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Noob-Noob,Better than Advanced Warfare.
,Recommended,250900,23574473,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Bilbo Swaggings,It's alright.
76561197967072470,Recommended,250900,26318733,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,asidtest,its ok i guess.only play it now and again.
,Recommended,250900,18762732,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,fajita kit,"This game is like BDSM. At first its really painful and you hate it, but after a while you start to like it and eventually really enjoy it."
,Recommended,250900,23626271,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,FiZ,"The Binding of Isaac: RebirthGreat game, amazing port of the original Isaac, beautiful graphics, and overall a very entertaining experience. Spent about 50hrs in the original game.The Binding of Isaac: AfterbirthThe Afterbirth DLC honestly expands on Rebirth in every possible way superbly. Plenty of new items, enemies, bosses, floors, and everything that a good DLC should add to a game. One of the best DLC's (in my opinion) to ever be released for a game. Spent about 325hrs in Afterbirth.The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth+Personally, in my experience, I did not enjoy Afterbirth+ as much as I hoped to. After hitting about 375hrs in the game I got tired, and I was hoping that Afterbirth+ would rekindle my interest in the game, but I must say it didn't quite do it for me. The new enemies were sort of bland, the items seemed either too complicated or too simple, and that can be very frustrating at some times. Almost any new boss is just a reskin, but I must say I did enjoy the final boss fight with Delerium.TL;DR: The base game is 10/10, Afterbirth is 10/10, but I can't say I'd give Afterbirth+ much more than maybe a 6-7/10. I wouldn't advise getting Afterbirth+."
,Recommended,250900,12832098,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Palvikinkku,"Now here's the deal: You have re-release (upadated release is probably the closest thing you can call this) here. It costs three times more than the original (without counting DLC, Wrath of the Lamb). Question is: Is it any worth?Oh yeah, it's absolutely worth of all the pennies I paid from itSuper smooth; due new engine, it works very smoothly. Fantastic!Local Co-Op; Haven't tried, but it's always a plus!New items & item combinations. Be creative. Break the game for your benefit!New enemies & bosses. More blood to splatter!Normal and Hard modes; True, I haven't tried Hard yet, but for more hardcore group of players, it must mean something (right?).More characters; More reasons to play! Play as Eden, who has all stats and items randomed!...And so much more. Animated cutscenes. More bodyhorror.The only thing which so far isn't as good as in original Isaac is soundtrack in my opinion. However, it's not that bad either now that I've played Rebirth more and it definitely fits here, I just find Baranowsky's soundtrack much more enjoyable. Points on music playing in Arcade, though!And for recommendation part, it's bit... tricky. Chances that you loved original Isaac, you already own this. Chances are that if you didn't care for original Isaac, you really don't care about this either. But new to Roguelike genre? There's no finer way to introduce yourself to the genre than this game!And now back to the basement, kids!"
,Recommended,250900,26549171,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,svetlana ♕,"10% LUCK20% SKILL15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL5% PLEASURE50% PAINAND 100% REASON TO REMEMBER THE NAMEActually this game is 99% pain and 1% pleasure, but its still fun and you should play it."
,Recommended,250900,25696344,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Slaanesh,"This is the game you! YOU! Have been waiting for;- The game where you want cancer!- The game where you mutilate your own body so you cry more!- The game where you can vomit blood to kill your enemies!These enemies include:- The Devil Himself!- Your own Mother!- Angels!- Yourself!- Your own rotted corpse!- Babies that got lost!- A fetus!- A fly!Items that you'll want!- ""Blood Clot""- ""Cancer""- And a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ed up eye diseases!Items you'll HATE:- Bob's Brain!- Cursed Eye!- And a bunch of useless ♥♥♥♥ing Beans!This game is honestly amazing. I mean, You spend about 100 hours geting the hang of it and then about 400 playing.Seriously though, surely any game where you summon The Devil, Kill him in one hit and step back to admire yur work, but walk into a fly and die should be the game you want!10/10. NEVER take Bob's Brain!  Seriously, I have like 300+ hours and Bob's Brain kills me 99% of the time, you'll see..."
,Recommended,250900,23239793,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Dandys,"The Binding of Isaac is on it's surface a rather childish narrative of poop jokes and weird body horror, but upon further reflection and piecing together of the non-linear story, one comes to realize that Isaac is a wholly unique, fairly depressing, and highly important narrative. Isaac is a child with everything stripped from him, his ability to choose, his ability to move around, his very humanity is offered up in the name of sacrifice. But unlike so many other narratives about child abuse, Isaac is a game that does not end with a child falling to the knife of his authoritative figures, but rather making his own choices, whether to live or to die.Isaac's struggles are given serious attention even amidst all the giant poop monsters, and I truly believe this game can absolutely be a cathartic experience to some of us out there who maybe didn't always have the chance to make our own fight in life."
,Recommended,250900,13882945,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Intukit,>Play as The Lost>Beat Mom and Boss Rush taking no damage>Go to the Womb and die to a spider>Ragequit and break PC>Buy a new PC>Play again>RepeatPay to win game.
,Recommended,250900,26578452,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,suicideprinny,"A perfect example of the ""Rogue-Like"" genre, Isaac meshes an interesting and abstract story with tight, fun gameplay. The replay value is beyond enormous, with hundreds of unlockables. A graphical nod to The Legend of Zelda helps the fantastic pixel art shine. I've played this game hundreds of times and don't regret a single nanosecond."
,Recommended,250900,32635434,Posted: 21 June,all,ZereakFlame,"Too easy, only took me 600 hours to 100%"
,Recommended,250900,28972906,Posted: 3 January,all,xSMWHOREx,F Ü C K B L O A T
,Recommended,250900,12824477,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kuna,After 50+ hours of this game I have to come to a conclusion that this game is amazing.Pros:Amazing SoundtrackTons of New ItemsNew CharactersNew BossesNew EnemiesGreat Playback ExperienceLong GameCons:♥♥♥♥♥♥ LuckFew BugsI would say this is a must get game if you are looking for an endless fun Indie Game!
,Recommended,250900,22963971,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,crstal trip,when you play a 45 minute game for 400+ hours you realize you might have a problem. 10/10
76561198196662237,Recommended,250900,34490659,Posted: 25 August,all,Matty The Smol ♡,"A game about a crying naked child, that eventuarly crawls into his mother's womb to kill a fetus, Satan, or himself.Great game for kids."
76561198073367281,Recommended,250900,13276687,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tosh,Killed Mega Satan with chocolate milk.11/10 would be an abused child again.
,Recommended,250900,32507761,Posted: 17 June,all,Chrismas95,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth took what was already a tall tower of content, then added even more on top. The game is technically only about 45 minutes long, but the whole point of the game is to replay it over and over and over. As you progress through the game, you encounter more items and even unlock more. There are different routes to take at the end of the game and there are multiple final bosses, as beating one final boss will eventually unlock another (and that final boss you beat ends up being more of a checkpoint of sorts). With all of the different characters, the game provides interesting variety before you even start picking up items and, of course, you have to beat every “final boss” of the game as every character to truly “beat” it.One thing that makes up this game is the variety of everything. Rooms are randomly generated with a bunch of different enemies that do a bunch of different attacks that you have to learn alongside room layouts that can provide interesting obstacles. There are plenty of bosses. Little items like pills and cards can help or hurt along the way. But the real aspect of the game is the items. There are ~340 different items in just the base game (going up to ~500 with DLC). They do things from raising your stats to changing how your projectiles work to active items that can do a myriad of things at the press of the spacebar. With these items being randomly generated, every run through the game is sure to be different, and it’s definitely where most of the replayability of this “technically short” game comes from.The other aspect of this game that defines it is its difficulty. As mentioned, there are a lot of enemy patterns to just learn, and even once you learn them all they can still be tough to avoid. Some items may not be that good and you just have to roll with them. And, of course, this game has permadeath, so dying means you have to start at the very beginning with no items. It’s basically guaranteed that newer players will die pretty often, but even then, I find it less frustrating and more fun when you start to learn items and enemies and find yourself progressing up and up until you can consistently beat the game no matter what items the game gives you.Overall, it’s easy to recommend this game. I suppose turnoffs would be the general gross aesthetic of the game plus the difficulty if losing frustrates you, but overall I find those to be rather minor aspects in the overall fun of the game. There’s a reason people can put so many hours in this game, so if you’re looking for one game to keep you busy for a good while, this would be it!"
,Recommended,250900,13757766,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kyew -iwl-,"Call of Duty: Basement Warfare is a masterfully crafted commentary on the degradation of society's morals. The main character, Captain Soap Price, callsign Isaac, is on a mission to tackle the deep-rooted fears that all humans have of ungodly things such as poop and basements. Taking a bold step away from a tried and true formula, CoD:BW is no longer a first person shooter. Players do not play as a badass soldier anymore either. In order to connect with the fanbase on a more personal level, the head of Nintendo decided that CoD:BW would place players in the shoes of the average Call of Duty player: a naked child who hates their mother (but ♥♥♥♥s mine all the time apparently).However, what is most surprising about this CoD is the lovely message that the campaign has. By tackling his fears head on, he dies, meaning he can't be afraid anymore.That's some A+ Ernest Hemingway♥♥♥♥♥♥right there folks. Thanks to Isaac being a mix of Wolverine and Dr. Evil, however, he can try to kill his mother over and over until he succeeds and gets her to listen to his mixtape. This has the not-so-unexpected result of killing his mom again. Seriously ♥♥♥♥ off with your mixtapes.As you can tell by the pros and cons that I've listed above, this game should be GOTY 2015-2020.Remember kids, if you throw poop and shoot eyeball sperm at your own mother the Devil spits in God's face."
,Recommended,250900,28386235,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Cheehee (๑•́ ₃ •̀๑),1) Start a new run2) Restart until the Treasure Room is next to your spawn3) Take a look inside the Treasure Room4) If (item == good){Player.continueplaying;}else{player.restart;}
,Recommended,250900,12837942,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,"Ya Boy, Paradox","So the new Isaac reboot is up and running, and I'm enjoying it so far.I'm still learning a lot, but I  guess I'mma leave my early impressions here, and I'll generally just review the binding of isaac as a whole.scratch that, I got Real plat god and I think it's time for me to update this small list a little bit-The good-high ammount of fun items and combinationsGreat soundtrackdark undertone that manages to also keep a sense of humorhours of playsolid combat &  gameplay in generalOverall endless variety that isn't so present in most randomly generated games-The bad-Flash filter doesn't do the trick of making the game look like flashRNG can make it really hard to unlock or get certain items (see lvl 4 meatboy)A ridiculously and artifial ammount of stuff required to 100% the game (see: the lost)Some room layouts are designed to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off-things that can be considered both good or bad depending on opinions-RougelikeA lot of luck comes into playRandomly generated (better pray to RNGesus)Toilet humourSometimes doesn't tell you stuff (what to do, what an item does, etc)So that's what I'm thinking of rebirth so far. If you like a game about luck and charm and just generally want to kill disgusting abominations with your tears on a feces-riddled basement, or you like rougelikes, or you liked the dungeons in the orignal zelda game, or if you just want a darn fun and unique game, then oh boy is The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth a good choice for you.Otherwise don't bother."
,Recommended,250900,19296045,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Get 'em! Get 'em!,"Lose your girlfriend, but get ""Golden God"".Lose your job, but get ""Platinum God""Lose your social life, but get ""The Real Platinum God""Lose your SOUL, but get ""1001%""10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,250900,31914151,Posted: 23 May,all,Xiva Knight,"A small child falls down a trap door, where he plays with insects, the deformed, and his own♥♥♥♥♥♥ while injecting and mutilating himself with all sorts of items and gathering the butchered remains of his dead cat, all on a quest to kill his mother.10/10"
76561198060193005,Recommended,250900,31843302,Posted: 19 May,all,OverweightWoman,This game sucks. Didn't play it for more than a couple minutes.1297/10
76561198006606534,Recommended,250900,25202013,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Samiel,Do all the things you always wanted to do as a child!Use your mom's lipstick!Wear your mom's heels!Play with your mom's knife!Pee in the basement!Get myriad deseases that lead to you getting stronger!Carry your dead pets with you!Battle the four horsemen and the seven sins!Kill your mother!Kill her again!Agree to a deal with Satan himself for power beyond imagination as you see yourself abandoned by god giving you only mediocre gifts!Kill yourself!Kill your rotten undead self!Apply what you learnt in this game to your real life and let the great horned one guide you on your path to darkness!Sacrifice your family so that he may hear your pleads!Spend the rest of your life in solitary confinement in a mental asylum and write a review on the mobile phone you stole from one of the doctors!666/10 Accurate childhood dreams simulator
76561198080867147,Recommended,250900,13031802,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Jaybin,"Even someone with a little exposure to the Old Testament should recognize this tale of the same name. In the biblical tale of ""Binding of Isaac"", God tests Abraham by commanding him to prove his devotion to Him. To do this he must sacrifice his son, Isaac. Just as Abraham is about to end Isaac's life, God demands for Abraham to stop and let his son live, sacrificing a lamb instead.Christian religious symbols, items and connotations saturate The Binding of Isaac game. And yet the handling of such sensitive material is not mocking towards it's inspiration and it's not reverent. Instead, it's a fine line and one balanced masterfully. Only the most cynical Christians and non-Christians will find anything to take offense over.Edmund McMillen, the up and coming indie superstar behind the rage inducing Super Meat Boy has released his most fun and inspired game yet. Being the best top-down shooter doesn't hurt either....but I'm getting ahead of myself.Steam users most likely already know the sheer awesomeness that is The Binding of Isaac, but who knew that was just a taste of what Mr. McMillen had brewing up in his devilish head, next to a slab of meat and bandages. The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth feels like a remastered version of the original Isaac with all of the content quadrupled, like a triple fudge cake with chocolate frosting and a chocolate core made of chocolate ice-cream....at least, I think it's chocolate.For those new to the game, Isaac, at it's heart, is a top-down shooter that has ""borrowed"" so much from the 8-bit Zelda I get the feeling a Nintendo lawsuit could be on it's way at any moment. For example, keys drop from enemies to unlock doors and chests, bombs are used to remove rocks and you gain more hearts as you progress through the stages.In the basement with Isaac are a motley crew of deformed monsters who look like they were torn from a child's nightmare and are now dragging the floor with their ripped tendons and ligaments. Isaac keeps the fiends at bay by flinging tears like spears. Even horribly deformed monsters don't like being exposed to Ebola and other diseases by having bodily fluids flung at them. And to top it off, a massive boss resides at the end of the stage, guarding it's domain with a fierce tenacity. Isaac must maim and kill the beast so he can pass through to the next stage unmolested.Don't think TBOI is just a crying simulator like Dark Souls. Isaac features rogue-like elements, which add random items which change nearly any and every game mechanic in some twisted, incredible way. The dungeons are different every trip through their dreary halls. These stages will be braved many times and the variety keeps things fresh and challenging. Like a room with trip lasers and machine-gun mounted turrents that change places every time you move out of their range.The game mechanics are perfectly balanced, adding to the fun of the game. Do you use your last, precious bomb to free a key, which will open the item room? Is that prized key worth the extra heart which may keep you alive during the next boss fight? Balanced risk / reward scenarios such as these are what makes the game such a joy to play.Now, let's talk about the elephant in the room. Or more accurately, the elephant poo in the room. Look, I don't know what Edmund McMillen was going through when developing Isaac and I'm pretty sure I don't want to know for the fear of becoming psychologically scarred but there are a lot......a LOT of piles of crap EVERYWHERE. In nearly every room, of every stage, throughout the entire game. There are poo monsters, poo bosses, poo power-ups and even special piles of poo with unique properties.It's one thing to see Isaac murder an enemy, pull it's heart out and devour it like Jeffrey Dahmer, but it's totally another to see him pull a heart out of a pile of poo and pop it in his mouth. Those are the kinds of things you don't want to see because the nightmares won't stop, even after ""chats"" with your psychologist.Not all items are power-ups though. Some will grab your balls, wrap them around your neck and force you to finish the game that way. It's a gamble picking up an item you don't recognize, which will happen often as there are more items in the game than pitfall deaths in Super Mario. It's like bobbing for apples in a tank filled with chocolate eggs, apples and dead fish.Items themselves are like little people. Some will instantly tell you who they are and what they do but others will require you to notice whats changed or missing when you review your security footage. It's an homage to older games when the developers didn't explain anything about their little cartridge of frustration and expected gamers to figure things out on their own. Half the fun of Isaac comes from discovering an innocent item hidden away only to find out later that it eats feces and likes to mouth-kiss.TBOI is sort of like doing drugs. At first, you're just casually smoking a joint on the weekend with friends. But before the moon passes many times, you're laying in a building's doorway begging for money and stealing from your family just to feed your fix once more....alone and desperate.With Isaac, playing a casual game here and there will do just fine. After all, you just want to beat the game. But then it creeps up on you. You'll come so close, just to have TBOI laugh at your feeble attempts. Not to spoil too much, but you CAN'T just stop after the credits. Play it more; let it fill your veins, satisfying your cravings and curiosity.If limitless playtime isn't enough, there are bonus challenge levels which give you either a fun or debilitating set of items and task you with beating the game. One may require you with beat the game in near total darkness, except for a tiny light around your character. Others will give you a laser which kills everything in range, like a mother's angry looks. Only the most skilled of the elite players will be able to complete everything here and are really a well-thought out and fun bonus in a game already packed full of content.I don't mean to read too much into the meaning of the game, but it seems to mirror the story of life. You'll have some good things and bad things happening to us but in the end, you'll go through a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥For the first time I've not had real negative quibbles, problems, and complaints with a game. Even after looking under every rock and corpse. That's as rare as finding a platinum Cheerio in your cocoa puffs. If you don't already own this game, purchase it immediately before the bad sense police find you and toss you into a poo-filled prison. Either way, you’re ending up in a poo-filled prison. Might as well make it this one.This review and others posted atcensordodge.com"
,Recommended,250900,15631572,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,cooliocaptin517,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth: Mama's BoyWhen should you get this game?:Like, now. Seriously.Cheapest I've seen this game go for:~$7.50 (I pre-purchased for $10.04)Did I get my money's worth?:Hell yesReplayability:Clear your calendarsTrading Cards?:YesController Support:FullKEYBOARD RECOMMENDEDThe Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a remastering of The Binding of Isaac, a popular indie game that came out back in 2011. DevelopersEdmund McMillenand Tyrone Rodriguez (Nicalis) teamed up this time (instead of Florian Himsl) to make this epic, Zelda-inspired rogue-like RPG, and what they have done with it is astounding. Starting as a 3DS port of the original Isaac back in 2012, Edmund changed Rebirth's intention and made it into and remaster-of-sorts, adding 200+ items, enemies, bosses, secret floors, seeds, cheats, challenges - you name it. Now, let's get into the detailsGameplay:10/10+Extremely fun and satisfying+Bullet-hell+Your strategy will evolve and you'll become more intrigued+Items change your experience with each play+Characters vary, but are all fun to playGraphics:10/10+Stunning pixel work+Runs well in fullscreen, no stretching+Great amount of detail put into environment (especially bosses)+Bugs run around the environment often+Has the darkness of an actual basement, how Isaac was meant to lookDifficulty:9/10+Very hard+Hard mode is even harder+Final bosses are challenging+Unforgiving, but fair+/-I feel like this game is easier than the original IsaacSound:8/10+That dark, eerie soundtrack that is totally suiting for the game+Track layering when fighting enemies+Great monster sounds+Retro item pickup sounds-Soundbytes get repetitiveLasting Appeal:10/10+I have approximately one buttload of hours into this game (I also have it on Vita) and I'm still finding new things+Huge amount of seeds and items will always bring you a new experience+Trying to beat all the final bosses with one character will take a while, let alone all of them+Just try to beat all of the challenges without getting lucky+This game has like everything; it's just too addictingSingle-Player:10/10+Literally, the best gameplay ever+Forces you to think+You MUST do things in the correct order+Constantly dodging ""bullets"" makes this game intense and stress-inducing+Makes you feel bad because you die a lot, and it displays your win streakStory:8/10+Simple, understandable+Very dark and sadistic (based of Book of Genesis)+Told through an iconic intro cutscene featuring phenomenal narration by Matthias Bossi+Ending cutscenes each explain themselves simply (they also look great and are very sadistic)-The game's mostly about gameplay, so cutscenes are the only time you'll experience storyMultiplayer:10/10+All the fun of single-player+Player 2 gets to spawn as a baby to assist player 1 in ways never seen in Isaac before+~100 babies, most of which are unique+Spawn in/out causes for added strategy+You thought it was gonna be easier with 2 players...Optimization:10/10+Should run at 60 fps on just about every computer that came out after 2009-ish+Runs well in both fullscreen and windowed mode+Connect your computer to your TV and the game still looks great (no gradient problems)+Works fantastic with a keyboard+Also works fantastic with a controller (there was no controller support in the original)Content:10/10+Amazing amount of depth to the game+Billions of seeds and item combinations+Large amount of items+Secret floors+Tons of achievementsOVERALL RATING: 95/100Author's Notes:This is my second favorite game. End of Story."
,Recommended,250900,13230388,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Husky,I can shoot poopGame of the century
,Recommended,250900,13011935,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Elvis II,"One of the best games around.  Especially for the price.  The gameplay is like the dungeons in the original Legend of Zelda for the NES, but it's a good bit harder and you only have one life to do it all in.  If you die, you start at the very beginning, pretty much empty handed. The levels and pickups are randomly generated, so it's a different game every time you play it.  Even the bosses are randomly picked from a pool of possibilities, and each boss has several different versions that range from easy to very tough.  There's a lot of variety here even though the game itself is simple and straightforward.  You'll get many many quality hours out of this thing.  Even if you already have the original, this one improves almost everything.  It's smoother, prettier, harder, and there's a lot of new enemies and items that change the gameplay in significant ways.  The only thing I really miss about the original game is the soundtrack.  The new music is fine, but I prefer the original score.  Other than that, this is one of my favorite games ever, and I've played a whole lot of them."
,Recommended,250900,23797681,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zaphod,Good for the casual player with not much time to devote to it.
,Recommended,250900,16075442,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tom,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a remake of the original Binding of Isaac. The main difference with this version is the lack of mouse controls. There are also an added 3 final bosses and 17 new normal bosses.Rebirth is a top down 2D dungeon crawler where the player controls Isaac. You venture through your mothers basement, and then moving onto Necropolis, Catacombs and even your mothers own womb. Rebirth also introduces local co-op, which is something I always like to see in games.The dungeons look similar to that of Legend of Zelda, and the procedurally generated levels means you will never have the same run twice.  In each dungeon room, you must eliminate all of the enemies before being allowed to move onto the next room. Along the way, players will collect money to buy equipment, find keys which unlock treasure chests and find power ups and weapons to increase Isaacs’s power.Once you reach the latter stages of Rebirth, the difficulty really ramps up, and you will find yourself becoming very annoyed at yourself, but somehow you cannot stop yourself from playing because Isaac is such an addictive game.You can complete a full run in Isaac in about 45 minutes give or take a little, so I've finished roughly 5 or 6 runs throughout my seven hours of playing, and each run I am still unlocking new power ups, characters and weapons to use in future runs.Basically, if you don't have any Binding of Isaac games, you need to pick up Rebirth, it's everything the original game had, but done a lot better. This type of game you can pick up and play with ease, do a quick run here and there and you'll still have new things to find and explore.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/250900/"
76561198072786111,Recommended,250900,25834305,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,AnKalameet,Low-brow humor meets high-brow religious concepts meets rogue-like game design meets excellent controls. 9/10.Not for evangelical Christians with no sense of humor.
,Recommended,250900,12998989,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Dunk,Child Abuse Simulator 2014 - I give it a 10/10.
,Recommended,250900,12790261,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,mei,Binding of Issac: Rebirth a christian game for all who celebrate the faith. A very kid friendly christian game for the youth.
,Recommended,250900,29205731,Posted: 12 January,all,Sleepy,"One of the best roguelikes ever made. Personal favorite. You will play it for many hours and still would be fun, you will not be able to stop till you catch them all (achievements) and trust me, its not that easy. Actually it's really difficult to finish the game completely, but the feeling after unlocking a item/achievement is very satisfying. The first DLC Afterbirth is also great, it's full with new stuff, items, achievements, characters, challenges, modes and more...""I cry when angels deserve to die"" - Issac (actually he cries a lot)Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR_oeCG-Pt8"
,Recommended,250900,31604714,Posted: 7 May,all,PieBathBob,every time you unlock a new thing you just go deeper down the rabbit hole
,Recommended,250900,23608035,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,{dain},"Pros:- The game has so much content that by the time you finish you'll have spent approx $0.01 a day on it, and by that I mean 24 hours of pure gameplay.- It's super cool- It's really good- you're a fool if you don't like itCons:-it's sacriligious, which is only a problem if you're a little BlTCH-it's kind of hard, which is only a problem if you're a little BlTCH-It doesn't spoonfeed you, which is only a problem if you're a little BlTCHWhat i'm trying to say is that you're a complete chump if you don't own this game."
76561198150192427,Recommended,250900,26277189,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Thecrimsionninja4,"If you like forcing a child to cry to kill horrific abominations of nature so that he can kill his mother, a corpse of a child, and a giant disembodied satan head then this is the game for you10/10"
,Recommended,250900,16631539,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dreadark,80% luck5% skill5% restarting to get better runs9% anger and slamming your mouse against your keyboard1% euphoria with quad shot and brimstone100% reason to buy this game-100% because of the Lost though.
,Recommended,250900,15160045,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,awesomeguy2009,"""Welcome to the Salty Spittoon, how tough are ya?""""How tough am I, I got Godhead!""""Yeah, so?""""Without using Holy Mantle...""""Uhh, right this way sir""This game is a real challenge in a good way, definately worth the $15.UPDATE: Even though you must've already bought the DLC, you're crazy if you haven't."
,Recommended,250900,13288035,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,alob,yes
,Recommended,250900,13073633,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Level1Magikarp,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (or sometimes just called ""Rebirth"", which I shall call it for this review) is a rogue like RPG made by Nicalis (who made Cave Story remakes and a VVVVVV port) under the supervision of Edmund McMillen, that is a sequel to the 2011 game, The Binding of Isaac, made by Edmund McMillen and Florian Himsl.Rebirth, unlike the original, has much more content and much more replayability than the first game, adding new enemies, bosses, items, and characters for you to play with thanks to Rebirth being made on a non-Flash engine. Basically it is the original Binding of Isaac along with the DLC, Wrath of the Lamb with much more smoother gameplay, added features, and even more things to find and experiment with.The story is the same as in the original : Isaac and his mother are living alone in a house, Isaac playing with his toys like a normal kid would, and his mother listening to Christian broadcasts on the television. However, Isaac's life takes a sudden turn for the worse when his mother starts hearing the voice of God himself, saying that her son has been corrupted. His mother, who wants to cleanse Isaac of all his sin, takes all of Isaacs belongings, even the clothing on his back, and locks him in his room, shutting him out from the outside world. However, God wants Isaac's mother to prove her faith in him by sacrificing Isaac, so his mother grabs a kitchen knife and starts walking to Isaac's room. Isaac, in a state of panic, starts to search around his room for a way out, which he finds as a door to the basement. Just as Isaac's mother bursts into the room, Isaac jumps into the dark abyss, and that is where your game begins.First off, the graphics in Rebirth are largely improved from the original, having 16-bit like graphics that make Rebirth look more retro than a sequel. Although it looks 16-bit, once the player starts to move around and get into the game, the game actually looks very smooth.Being made on a non-Flash engine, Rebirth also runs very very smoothly, even when there is a ton of enemies or items on the screen, unlike in the original where having too many items on the screen would cause the game to lag or even crash all together.Gameplay wise, Rebirth plays very similarly to the original, go around rooms, kill enemies that spawn in the rooms, pick up items, upgrade your character and fight the boss on the floor, then go to the next floor. Occasionally, after beating a floor, the player may find a new room before they go to the next floor that contains either a Devil Room or a Angel Room. The Devil Room allows players to permenantly trade in their health containers for various items, while the Angel Room gives the player a item for free. However, this game is not very forgiving, so expect to die a lot, not as much as Dark Souls, but a pretty decent amount.There are a ton of new items in the game that have many different effects, as well as items from the original. As you fight your way through your foes, you may find money, keys, bombs, health, chests, cards, trinkets, or even upgrade or reusable items. For example, one of the newer items, Chocolate Milk, allows you to charge up shots before releasing the direction you wish to fire your shot, increasing its attack and shot size. These items can actually synergize with one another, causing very deadly combos that can make your run to defeat Mom much more easier. For example, Polyphemus, which makes your shots much more damaging, larger, and be able to pass through enemies if the shot kills them in one hit if your damage rating is higher while reducing the fire rate of your tears, combined with Chocolate Milk, can make a incredibly large and much much more damaging.Much like the original, every time you start up a new game, all the items, enemies, and upgrades will be different. It literally cannot be the same game twice. However, thanks to the new Seed mode, you can write down the Seed of a run you have been doing, input it when you start a new game, and the map and all the upgrade room items will stay the same. However, doing this will disable any achievements you can earn for that run, which unlocks more items for you to find.The sound has also been redone and the music is pretty upbeat, from the start of your adventures in Basment 1, to the retro beats of the Arcade, to the intense boss battle music, it makes you feel like you can actually make it to the end and beat Mom. Enemies also have some new sounds, as well as some more damage sounds when you get hurt.Overall, Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a major major improvement to the original, and is worth every penny. If you managed to read this far, I highly suggest you play the game yourself and experience the struggles that is Isaac's escape against Mom."
,Recommended,250900,12865190,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,M3gadeuce,"Game is very addictive. Gameplay and graphics already surpass the original issac by far. I think the soundtrack from the original is better though.  Overall though, this may be GOTY material. I'm also hoping that they make DLC for this game as well.Edit: Nevermind about the achievements. There are actually a lot more achievements than the first game. Around 174.Honestly, I cant think of a better roguelike than this. If you guys can really think of a better one, then comment."
,Recommended,250900,28389482,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ShrekYoSelf,The big daddy of rogue-likes. All rogue-likes in recent years have been trying to copy Isaac's success. Will any of them succeed?
76561198064419036,Recommended,250900,30662573,Posted: 21 March,all,iikat,"If you like retro design, lots of blood, religious themes, weird shenanigans, ragequittable moments, selling your tears and soul, mah boi, you should play this game.10/10, would stuff myself into a chest again."
,Recommended,250900,15974639,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Why Did It Have to be Snakes?,I live.I die.I LIVE AGAIN!
,Recommended,250900,23300828,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Nwsrocks,"After crawling around a dungeon naked and crying on other naked people and poop and flies for 450 hours, I  think I have the right to tell you to buy this game. just buy it. Don't read more reviews. Don't look at the pictures. Just buy it."
76561198116699253,Recommended,250900,17853603,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Guns N' Jesus,don't take the soy milk
,Recommended,250900,19077564,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Just Me,The Devs of this game made the community go crazy for:The Number 109Hiding stuff in real life locationsGiving cryptic messages on twitter (What does it mean?!)Creepy (coordinate hiding) voicemailsMaking 7 people go to a place after midnight trying to find a hidden Isaac109/10 Would ARG againhttp://imgur.com/V2l5TaNEdit: Steam Awards
,Recommended,250900,12834081,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,pixxul,"So, you know The Binding of Isaac? It was and is a good game. Now take every good part of it and make it better. You will get this game. This game is a beast compared to the old one.Reasons for that:- Amazing gameplay- Endless replayablity- New bosses- New enemies- New items- New secrets- New room types- New room layouts (big and small ones)- New characters- New versions of poop piles (now there are normal, corny, golden, rainbow and sentient poop piles (!), the latter are enemies)- New and improved graphics (pixel-style or use a filter built into the game to make it look more like the old one)- New save system (you can quit runs and restart where you left!)- Seeds (over 4 BILLION of them!)- Coop-Mode- New engine, which means no more lags because of a bad flash engine- 60 FPS!... all of that and not even mentioning: It has poop physics. ♥♥♥♥ING! POOP! PHYSICS!So, do you want to know if this game is worth its money? Hell ♥♥♥♥ing yes, it is! Now go buy it and cry your mom to death! And then kill her heart. And again. And again. And again. And again...10/10, I would even pay double the price for this awesome game."
,Recommended,250900,17221519,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Berkano,u r crying bebbyu fite ur mumu fite ur mum's fetusu fite satanu fite urselfu fite ded uu fite a spooky lamb11/10 ign
,Recommended,250900,22485977,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Morton,"I've already wasted 800-1k hours on both vanilla Isaac and Rebirth+Afterbirth to beat them on platinum, and might as well do the same with further DLCs. It's the pure drug – you suffer greatly, yet still have the urge to play it more and more. Once you master the game, you will realize how actually easy it is."
76561198026767618,Recommended,250900,12796475,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,「 d I G  b O i n T S 」,"Gonna be 100% honest here, I was not terribly interested in the original BOI, and I was torn about the news about its sequel  being confirmed and on its way.Fast forward a couple of months (and a few Northernlion BOI runs), and here I am writing a review about a sequel to a game I was not too familiar with. Putting it simple, I should have played the original game more. I legitimately like BOI:R.Now for those of you who have made it this far into the review, let me break down what I personally think of eacha spect of the game. Starting off, we have the story at hand. Upon booting up the game, I was treated to a pixelated version of the original opening cutscene of BOI, essentially making it clear to me that BOI:R is more of a remake of the original game, rather than a sequel, which I don't mind. The same can be said about the rest of the game's story, which, again, is no problem to me. I'm here to play a rogue-like, not spend 40 hours trying to follow some kind of worthwhile re-imagining of the bible with only an hour's worth of gameplay. Moving on.The graphical style of the game is vastly different from the original, both with the UI, and the game itself. The UI, instead of being a top-bar Legend of Zelda-style status menu, has been overhauled to show you your map, bombs, keys, health, etc. as a minimally-intrusive overlay, which I think works a lot better than the original UI style. The game, itself, has taken on a more pixelated version of the original game's art style, which I'm a bit torn about, but I can just turn the Filter Option on if it ever starts bothering me. Regardless of whether or not I use the filter, the lighting and particle effects will not change, and given how amazing they look (like, no joke), I honestly do not mind that at all.Onto the gameplay, which I don't have too much to say about (he lied). The controls are basically the same, just with- OH MY GOD, NO MOUSE SUPPORT. INSTANT DISLIK- no. Honestly, I really like using the WASD and Arrow keys in BOI in general. The idea is to use them in perfect unison to ""guide"" your shots, especially around obstacles that prevent you from getting a clear, safe shot against an enemy that could easily wreck your crap. I personally think that adding mouse controls to the game would just take away that skillset-building process that added to the game's fun. What I do like about BOI:R over its original coutnerpart, is the various items, characters, rooms, and item combinations that have been added. Seriously, it's things like ORBITING BRIMSTONE LASERS that make the game more enjoyable. On top of the new content, you also have various challenges that you can unlock that let you play through the entire game under unique circumstances (Because there weren't enough life-stealing doors to begin with). Overall, I'd say it's a worthwhile improvement over the original game.So to sum it all up, rather than call BOI:R a carbon-copy of the original game, I invite anyone who has read this far to give this game a try, just to see what they've done to improve the overall experience of getting killed by a drop of blood that came from a hulking huge mass of flesh, all because you're re-living a story from the Bible.  The only thing I've had issues with, thus far, are occasional crashes. I've also read reviews from people who can't even boot the game up, but I'm confident that that will quickly be fixed. Otherwise, on that note, I'm gonna go murder everything in sight with Azazel."
,Recommended,250900,13558818,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Moulson,Taught me more about the bible and faith than any of my religious studies teachers
76561198046516346,Recommended,250900,18526470,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,some dude,Start up a lost runfirst item room is crickets head♥♥♥♥ yesgo to next roomCrickets body sitting in the middle of a wall you need flight to get past>being the lost payed off for oncegrab it and make my way to boss fightmurder the boss cause cricket to gooddevil deal is literally 3 pieces of guppyshout with excitementnext floor i get 20-20floor after that i get god headmake it all the way to the chestright outside the blue baby fightwalk into fire and diethrow my controller into my deskleave the game alone for a weekcome backThus is the circle of Isaac
,Recommended,250900,34229831,Posted: 13 August,all,Freeman1255,"You may be wondering, ""why is this game so popular?"" or ""Why does everyone play it?"" This review will hopefully explain why this game is big/why it got big and why as of this review,. I put in 352 hours so far. First a bit of a history lesson, and then its on to the game itself and its gameplayThis game, although great, did NOT re-invent the rouge like genre, HOWEVER, what it did do was bring that genre into the indie game scene and made rouge likes and rouge lites a more relevant genre these days and made rouge like games ""infect"" for a lack of better term, the indie game scene.Not to mention, that, if you pay attention,the game is actually very remincisent of Edmund Macmillan's childhood, this game obviously has a strong religious influence and deffinately gets its basis around the Story of Abraham and the ACTUAL Binding of Isaac, although this is using that story as a way to represent/ interperet Edmund's religious upbringing. As he also grew up around an extreme fundamentalist Christian (For the record I'm Christian too, Catholic Christian precisely, but im not trying to shove my Catholic Christian beliefs down anyone's throats, just talking)Some may view this game as sacreligious or disturbing, and while I can see where they are coming from with this games obvious strong religious theme, whats ironic is that  while Edmund Macmillan doesn't consider himself Christian, he does think there is life after death (I believe in God and Jesus, and people either end up in Heaven or heck, but I digress)The game the Binding of Isaac doesn't necessarily mock the bible or the story, but it more so is a reflection on how Edmund grew up and if you will, a ""what if"" or a different interperitation of the story, as a well as an exaggeration on how he grew up,. as previously mentionedBut enough with the history lesson, on to the gameWhere this game shines is 4 places-Replayability, Unlockables and Secrets, and GameplayReplay Value and Content VarietyWith plenty of different characters, hidden chapters (which are more so dungeons) and tons of items at your disposal (sometimes to your aid, sometimes to your detriment) and with this obviously being a rouge like game, every game can vary from how far you get to how much you upgrade yourself and with who you can encounterWith over 400 items by default (meaning the additions via updates and add on content) plus a vibrant addition of more by the community,  12 characters (again with more added) and over 60 bosses (71 total, not counting the seven deadly sins mini bosses) its NO WONDER that this game eats up so much timeIt should be noted that each character plays similarly control wise but is different enough that you need to adapt your planning and strategy as you go alongGameplayThe game plays to the letter in terms of gameplay like an NES Zelda game, but with rouge like elements  and its own twists,. It also requires a lot more thinking than you'd intially think (no pun intended). You constantly want to keep moving to avoid getting hurt, wondering if you should sacrifice health to get to an item or a chest, or try your luck blowing up a wall to fnd a hidden room or have enough keys for a treasure room, hoping to hit the jackpot and become crazy powerful, sometimes you feel unstoppable, while others you feel crippledSecrets and UnlockablesAs brought up, there are over 400 items, 71 bosses, and many hidden chapters and characters to come around, some you might get lucky enough to get as you go along, some might seem obvious with what you have to do (ie, maybe defeat a boss to get an item,) while others might have you do some confusing or convoluted things and some items may make you wonder why or how you unlocked them,but this is one of those times where achievments matter, because EVERY achievement is tied to an in game unlock, so getting the achievements is actually something you would want to do, you might even encounter a room you never saw before or a type of special doorway and wonder what kind of secrets are behind that doorway? There's even challenges with custom ones being made by the community to make you jittery as you dash trhough rooms with ease, or make you slam your computer desk as you get sprinkled with a salt shaker after getting screwed overAs great as this game can be, its does have problems, mainly that it (to my knowledge) has NO ONLINE, which it could have benefited from MAJORLY, and also, as mentioned beforehand, some of the unlockables can be convoluted on how to get them (to avoid spoiling the fun tho, unless u don't mind walkthroughs or wikis unlike me, I slowly try to beat the game with each character and each ending)In conclusion, these are what make the Binding of Isaac (Video Game) what it is,and here's hoping that Nicalis gets that Isaac amiibo out there (an amiibo has been teased for those that don't know)As a minor note, compared to the original game, this game is easier, but DON'T let that fool you, this games difficulty is all over the place, some runs may be easy to the point where your eyes could be closed and you'd win, while others you won't even make it past the cavesAnd while on topic, this game actually inspired a game I'm making (also a rouge like dungeon crawler, but a different theme and approach with other inspirations as well)"
,Recommended,250900,13687660,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SlammingAtom,Its okay I guess.
76561198035940976,Recommended,250900,32881603,Posted: 27 June,all,F3nrir,"This is one of the best games i ever played. The setting is wierd but amazing. Through all the unlockable floors, items and fights and the random generated levels it has almost infinite replayability.Not many games give you so much value for your money. Buy it, you wont be disappointed!"
,Recommended,250900,29266893,Posted: 14 January,all,Made Max,this game makes me want to eat fiberglass
76561197980205611,Recommended,250900,24479206,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,holloloh,"Yeah, it's okay."
76561198151552965,Recommended,250900,12870624,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Madd Brough,"If a game allows you to kill Satan with a little boy with a gigantic eye, a conjoined twin, steroids, his mom's wig, a gigantic spider, an explosive fly, a laser, a satanic bible, and demon wings, I say it's a great game. 11/10. I've been playing since this game's release and I still don't know what half of the items are. I'm glad this game is still similar to its original, but it still has many differences and new content which add on to the fun."
,Recommended,250900,12859573,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Final Form Cooler,"Best sequel to the original Christian game, rebirth offers so much more with smooth 60 fps engine and many more items with different synergies giving positive or negative effects to your run. Also has custom challenges and random seeds that you can input for a consistent run, perfect for speed running against your friends.10/10 Lovin' it."
76561198041324282,Recommended,250900,18105459,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Robbus,"What happens in the  basement, stays in the basement."
76561198108284979,Recommended,250900,22734881,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Notthebadguy,"An already great game - stiff controls + awesome item synergies = Binding of Isaac: RebirthIt also doesn't hurt that there's new characters, items. bosses. mechanics,  3 save files, more challenges, the ability to quit your run and continue it later if you don't want to do it all at once, and a general polish for the games fundamentals."
76561198034265647,Recommended,250900,13985907,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,aufpassen ;),"played with the lost, got to sheol, used a pill and got teleported into curse room,  10/10 :-)"
,Recommended,250900,12837066,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Minty Python,You'll laugh.  You'll cry.  You'll mostly cry.  That seems to help.
,Recommended,250900,22766917,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Hidden,If you hate your mother you should buy this game
,Recommended,250900,30391200,Posted: 8 March,all,♫ Gay Piano Noises ♫,became a catgot a slab of meatgot a knifegot brimstonegot cancergot halogot sad oniongot mom's lipstickoutcome- killed by spider
,Recommended,250900,31760195,Posted: 14 May,all,TheVelocistar,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is an extermely expansive dungeon crawler with lots of enemies and bosses to fight, tons, and TONS of items to find, synergise, and abuse, as well as lots of content alongside that.  This game is super addicting to the right people.However, you will develop a love-hate relationship with this game.  It will actively try and screw you over most of the time, and generate occurances that don't make a lot of sense.  Also, some of the bosses will kick you to the ground really easily if you don't know how to handle them.And with the release of Afterbirth+, people now have a split reception on this game.  I, personally don't have a problem with it, because if I did, why would I still be playing it?  But if you want to save yourself some trouble, while still playing the game, buy the game with Afterbirth, not Afterbirth+."
76561198073428292,Recommended,250900,29531061,Posted: 27 January,all,TRAirmail™,t h a t s h i t g o o d
76561198123934566,Recommended,250900,25114661,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,limnglng,It's alright I guess
,Recommended,250900,14008072,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,NerdyBirdyx,- Gets the game-- Dies by Mom -- Yells: ♥♥♥♥ YOU MOM IM GOING TO KILL YOU -- Now I go to therapy -10/10
,Recommended,250900,25299243,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Krowski_nall,"Hey there, 1001% completionist here and after about 492 hours I can wholeheartedly say that this game is incredible and, if i do say so myself, a staple in the roguelike game industry.Hundreds of items, a dozen characters to unlock and choose from to ease to your way of playing, and infinite item combinations.The game even has daily challenges to have you come back everyday to play.It has some strange and different things going on in it, but that's what makes it great. I would recommend this game to anyone."
76561198035092221,Recommended,250900,15542313,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,autist,Tries to unlock the lost.... Kills Satan. 10/10 best game ever
,Recommended,250900,29566474,Posted: 29 January,all,Pappi,"I really love this Game and play it a lot. You have so many Items, Pick ups and Characters to play with. The Music is fantastic and there are a lot of Achievments :3. There are so many Item combinations and you can fight so many different enemys. I dont have anything negative to say to this game. I play it since the original The Binding of Isaac and it never got boring."
,Recommended,250900,13980952,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Doonies,More tears and poop than my usual Friday night.
76561198267799197,Recommended,250900,32127097,Posted: 2 June,all,DildoBicycle,"This game is amazing. The graphics, and style of the game is fantastic! I play this game daily at this point. I highly reccommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,250900,23177615,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gnome,buy => play => find brimstone => die => cry => repeat
,Recommended,250900,24363799,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,BrightSkeleton,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is one of the best games in the gaming industry and it's a definite buy for any gamer, but can only be master for those who are determined. Also I enjoy the catholic relation within and I do see the references when I go to church. Therefore I give this game 5 out of 5 stars and a recommendation to all gamers."
09888999987556199,Recommended,250900,22887380,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,BokuNoPiccolo,"Do you like the feeling of heart pounding excitement as something you've worked hours on end trying to do, multiple times a day, every day for weeks, the feeling of that goal getting within grasp. Do you like your heart skipping a beat because the hardest thing you've done is right in front of your nose. Do you like it when all your happiness is taken and punted off a bridge like a sack of puppies, only to drown in your arms? WELL THEN HAVE I GOT THE GAME FOR YOU! For the low, low price of all of your sanity (and a little cash) You can get thousands of hours of that satisfying feeling of rage dripping from every orifice you can think of, and a few more, along with dozens of seconds (yes, DOZENS!) of satisfaction, followed swiftly by another metaphorical kick in the nads. You will never run out of things to do, and even if you spend an actual large portion of life playing this and 100% it, don't worry, the anger will be just as fresh as your first time! It's like you never run out of swear words to utter towards the deepest bowels of hell!"
,Recommended,250900,32863897,Posted: 27 June,all,BerserkGriffon,"I have played over 500h, I think this game is ok."
,Recommended,250900,33700907,Posted: 21 July,all,jellyisyum,"As someone with 100% of achievements in this game and a considerable amount of hours, the only possible criticism I have towards the game is that there some of the challenges are stupid hard in comparison to the rest of the game (which is not easy by any means), but even then they are possible. Any major bugs that I rarely encountered have been patched (namely the void entrance portal not working after the hush fight).I got the FIRST 100% achievement at around the 550 hour mark and didn't get the 1001% achievement until about 700 hours if that is any indication of how much time you can put into this game and still have more to do. I still play the game fairly regularly because I keep realizing that there are still things I can do even after total completion (getting 100% on all 3 files) and even if there wasn't, I would still play because I find the core gameplay very entertaining. The feeling of satisfaction you get from beating a certain run or challenge that has been kicking your♥♥♥♥♥for 4 days straight is incredibly satisfying and is the reason that this is the only game in my library that I have put real effort into getting 100%.The variety in the gameplay is also a major point of attraction that keeps me coming back. This game has a good balance between RNG and skill. When you first start the game, you're probably gonna die over and over before even getting to the Mom fight. Once you have a ton of hours in the game and have learned what items are good and how to fight/dodge certain enemies, even challenges like Mom become a total joke. The ability to have runs where you barely scrape by and survive the final boss by half a heart and also have runs where you steamroll everything in the room and kill bosses in seconds is very fun to me.The devs have added so much content since Rebirth's release and now there are workshop mods that only further increase the game's already insane replayablity. You simply cannot beat the amount of entertainement that you can get out of this game for its price tag.good gamepro tip: the wiki is your friend and the game is alt tab friendly"
,Recommended,250900,12811124,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Dirtbag,"Rebirth. It's the game all of us have been waiting for.This game is a masterpiece, and it's all I can say.The soundtrack is beautiful, it doesn't seem to get old. It is absolutely brilliant. At first, I thought Danny B's soundtrack can never be topped, but this, it just breaks the world, that's how good it is. No offense, Mr. Baranowsky, but this soundtrack is amazing.But the game is not all about the soundtrack, but there's a lot more.Comparing this game to the original, it provides a shining new difficulty for me, quite like when I first played the original game. Not only is this game so familiar, it's so distanced from me that it just blows my mind. It gives a perfect feeling of excitement that takes me to the time I first got the original. Simply amazing. The gameplay hasn't changed too much, but there are tons of new things in this game, including items and mobs, as well as all the secrets I find in every corner. This game is the remake of the game I've played 110+ hours for, and it is jam-packed with basically twice as much as the original game has to offer. Everything is confusing, but it's all in the best way possible.The reason this game has so much charm is to older players who have a newfound feeling of excitement and curiosity when they play this game. Simply beautiful.To the actual game, the story is as is, but there's more to it in this version. That will remain a mystery until the first person reaches that level! The cutscenes are fantastic.The gameplay, as said before, is, in my opinion, more difficult than original Isaac. It's unbelievably smooth, which is unlike the original. When you're at the final boss, it's actually pressurizing, even if you have an overpowered combination. It continues to irk me the fact that this game can remain so difficult even after I had Brimstone+Polyphemus, which, for newcomers, is a powerful combination.The graphics are more pixelated, with thinner outlines. This was an unbelievable surprise. I thought I would dislike the graphics, but I can easily get used to this.The game's engine is one of the hype-raising things. When Ed teased dynamic lasers and brimstone, everyone had already had their life savings on this game, ready to grab it ASAP. None were disappointed.The final verdict I would like to give this game is a full 10/10. It's absolutely perfect. It truly is. The replay factor is turned up to the maximum, the gameplay is beautiful, and it is an overall beautiful game."
,Recommended,250900,12870104,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Mother Beef,"As someone that struggled with the first game due to how poorly/inconsistent it seemed to run on the Flash engine, Rebirth not only sovles all these issues, but the game runs at a fantastic 60fps, looks wonderful and the amount of content added ensure that this version is the only version of Isaac worth playing. Get it."
,Recommended,250900,22403905,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Harvoy Books,you diediediediebeat momfeel good at the gamerealize now everytime you want to beat the game you have to go through the wombsigh.keep playingdie to the boss before moms heartdie on moms hearsdie die die die die die die die die die die die die die die.beat moms heartfeel sucsessfuldiediebeat moms heart againand againand againthink you beat the gameplay one more round beat moms heart one more time and realize the devil room with the trap door in it.discover more levelsyou get sucked into the gamerealize you have a ton of gameplay and still havent beaten maga saitin ( sorry for any typos )die 100 more timesbeat mega satin put down the game.come back to it in a year and repeat
,Recommended,250900,13398948,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,jo,I can't stop∞/∞
,Recommended,250900,14587093,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Jay,"I'll kick a monster's♥♥♥♥♥ I'll kick Greed's♥♥♥♥♥ I'll kick my mom's♥♥♥♥♥ I'll kick I'll kick the devil's♥♥♥♥♥ I'll kick my own♥♥♥♥♥ I'll kick my dead body's♥♥♥♥♥ I'll go back in time and kick my♥♥♥♥♥before I was even born....and then, when I'm practically a god, I'll get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by a sentient turd. 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,20788003,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Uranium Lollipop,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth Review.Developer:Nicalis Inc., Edmund McMillenPublisher:Nicalis Inc.Genre:Indie, Rogue-like, Twin Stick Shooter.Price:$14.99 (Not including the expansion)Played on:GTX 650, Core i3, 1920x1080 Res.""Isaac and his mother lived alone in a small house on a hill.""Note: The main review is of the base game, there will be a bit at the end talking about the “Afterbirth” expansion and other expansions.The Binding Of Isaac: Rebirth is the complete overhaul remake of the original Binding of Isaac that was released in 2011. Same plot , but just a lot of other things added.A lotof new things. New bosses, endings, items, characters, visuals, enemies, rooms, floors, synergies, mechanics and more. This isexactlywhat a remake should look like.The plot of the game is a bit complicated but really messed up. Isaac is a small child who keeps to himself, his mother goes mad thinking that God is telling her to kill Isaac. She ends up throwing him into a basement filled with monsters where he has to use his tears to defeat nasty monsters and bosses. The entire story is filled with references from the Bible, this part is based on the story “Akedah” from the Hebrew Bible in which God asks Abraham to sacrifice his son, Isaac.The game does have aseriouslearning curve to it. The first 20-30 hours of the game you’ll spend dying a lot and not knowing enemy patterns and taking bad items. To some people 20-30 hours seems like a ton of time to spend in an indie game just to get past it’s “learning curve” but the more you play it, the better you are at it.In the game there are a total of 6 chapters, each chapter has 2 floors in it. Each floor is randomly generated. You have some things that are always there like a shop, an item room, 2 secret rooms and a boss fight but there are also rooms that only have a chance to spawn like curse rooms, sacrifice rooms dice rooms and others. Sometimes in a chapter, 2 floors will be connected, creating what is known as an XL floor which have 2 items room, 2 secret rooms, 1 shop and 2 boss fights.The game now also has a brand new beautiful pixel art-style that looks way better than the old game. With the same menu that looks like a small kid drew it, the game looks better than ever. Now everything has smooth animations, everything is so sharp and blends in. Running at 60 FPS on pretty much anything, this game is even good to take with you on your weak laptop and play on the go.There are so many mechanics and floors variables and rooms that if I were to explain them all this review would take 5 hours to read. So I’m just going to summarize it. A lot of rooms in TBOIR can be used to gain great items or to completely change a run. Everything is a dice roll and the more you play the easier it is to find your play-style and figure out which risks you like to take in order to beat the game. Some you can use for statistical advantages and others for consumable gain.All of this can be extremely overwhelming to people who have just started playing the game, and while yes it is true that the game has a crazy amount of things in it for you to discover and or learn about, you can always follow tutorials online or browse the wiki. The deeper you go, the more complicated to mechanics get and eventually you’ll be doing some really weird stuff to fight certain bosses or unlock certain items.The way to unlock everything in the game is pretty simple, beat every end-game boss with every character on hard difficulty. Each character has their own checklist of bosses you have or haven’t yet defeated using that specific character. Everytime you defeat one of those bosses with each character for the first time, you can unlock an item or a trinket or even new floors depending on where you are in the game. .There are also a total of 20 challenges that you can do to unlock even more items, cards, trinkets and runes. Some challenges are really easy and some you’ll be screaming at the screen saying that they’re impossible. They are in no sorted order of difficulty so good luck.There are also synergies within the game where if you get a combination of items they can be really strong or really messed up but in a fun way. Some synergies are take 2 good items mash them together and become extremely powerful. Some synergies are weird where you get 2 items that are considered bad but when they join forces they are actually really good. There are lots of items that make synergies cooler and some items just build a base for you to build synergies onto.The main problem I see a lot of people have with Isaac is that it’s mostly based on randomly generated numbers (RNG). Some runs you just get an incredibly overpowered item in your first item room that carries you throughout the game and some runs are just destined to fail. I personally think that that’s the charm of Isaac. It’s that it’s all different and you always find yourself in new situations.  You have to work with what the game gives you and maybe try new mechanics that you haven’t thought of using before to survive.There are also other mechanics like deals with the devil / angel. On the 2nd floor depending on the fact that you didn’t take red heart damage on that floor. You will receive a deal with the devil. If you pay with health for an item in the deal, you will be locked to deals with the devil for the rest of the run as they show up sometimes after you defeat a boss usually having items in them. If you don’t take the first deal on the 2nd floor, then you have a chance to get angel rooms which are known for not being as good but required for certain parts of the game to unlock certain things.Transformations are also a not huge but good part of the game, you can ‘transform” into certain things by picking up an amount of specific items from a pool of more items. For example if you want to turn into “Lord of the Flies” then you’d have to pick up 3 fly related items. There aren’t a lot of transformations in the game but Afterbirth did add a few new cool ones.Now, Afterbirth.Afterbirth came along on Halloween of 2015 adding on a ton of extra stuff to the game including new bosses, items, rooms, endings, final bosses, synergies, challenges, a new game mode and probably more stuff that I can’t remember at the moment. A lot of stuff.Same thing happened for the original Binding of Isaac, it got the “Wrath of the Lamb” DLC a while after it came out.There are also the dailies which are runs that you can play and they change every 24 hours. Everyone in the world gets the same run with the same end goal using the same seed (A seed is a code you can enter before starting a run so you can play a run someone else has already played). Your score will be posted on the leaderboards and you will be ranked depending on how much damage you took, how many rooms you’ve explored and such.These DLCs are great, they’re pretty cheap, they keep the game fresh and they add more stuff for people have 100%-ted the game like me. They improve the overall lifespan of the game and I cannot wait for Afterbirth+ to come out this year.TL;DRTBOIR is a masterpiece of a remake, with new sharp pixel graphics, a great community and a huge amount of new content. It was the game the Game Of The Year for me in 2014 and I haven’t stopped playing it since. With new expansions coming out, there is always more stuff to do. This game is a must play and what I would describe as basically a perfect indie game.10/10!For more reviews like this, check out my curator pagehere!"
,Recommended,250900,25004547,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,fraggle,It's ok.
,Recommended,250900,26790749,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,¡𝕬𝖉𝖗𝖎𝖆𝖓,One of the best games I have ever played. Every run is unique and this is the essence that makes the game so special.
,Recommended,250900,20182597,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LH Hollo,Cried a lot. Got cancer. Cried more.10/10
,Recommended,250900,13217152,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Urah,"I can't write a review when there are too many that are so accurate, I can't add anything else apart from my personal opinion:Edmund is an Artist in the strictest of meanings, a Creator, a videogame God.And Isaac is the perfect example of a Masterpiece, now polished beyond perfection.Shooting tears...So ♥♥♥♥ing superb."
76561198103591851,Recommended,250900,23863173,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,likejagger5,"Binding of Isaac rebirth review.Pros. The main thing you can say about this game is it has a HUGE amount of content. The game has mod support, it is different each time you play, there are thousands of items, monsters and rooms.The game is very challenging, it takes a while to master the twin stick shooting nature of the game and there are very satisfying boss fights in the game And you can challenge your self by forcing your self to not use a good item or to use a bad item.The replay value of the game is very very high, even if you complete everything in the game you can still replay the game for more challenge as there are so many variables to a run of the game. The game is easy to mod, check out the binding of Isaac mod website.Cons, the port isn't perfect, it is a much better port than the classic binding of Isaac, controller support is great, refundable keys work well, and this game should run on most computers but it is surprisingly demanding but I have had crashes with the game I have had my keyboard and controller not work with the game randomly and the game can crash.Multiplayer, the game does have Multiplayer it has local Multiplayer if you have a controller to plug into your PC then one person can play on the controller and the other the keyboard or two people on controllers but sadly you can't use system link or online multiplayer and you can't use two keyboards.The game can get repetitive, if you keep playing the game it eventually gets repetitive after a while but unique items are supposed to keep it fresh. But I will say after a few hundred hours the game can start to get old but coop, all the content and collectibles makes makes this hardly a issue.Thoughts, binding of Isaac is a game that was a flash game but then two versions of the game came out, Binding of Isaac the normal version, it is cheaper than rebirth but has less content it is missing rebirth content and the wrath of the lamb DLC, Then there is the rebirth version that has more content than the first. While the other version of the game is cheaper, it is a worse port having less customization than rebirth does. So if you want to enjoy binding of issac this is the best way to.To conclude this game is worth your money I would say that the game is worth over 30$ because of all the content and how fun the gameplay is alone. Mod support, how the game already comes with Wrath of the lamb DLC and you can get afterbirth if you enjoy a twinstick like robocop or smash tv i highly recommend it and if you have never played this kind of game I recommend starting out with binding of Isaac And if you want a demo of the game look for the flash version of the game and if you want that but 10 times better get binding of Isaac rebirth."
,Recommended,250900,12964025,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Friz,Better than the original game in every way. Easily 1 of the best games on Steam.
,Recommended,250900,25464941,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Valagor,This is one of my favorite games in my library. This game has near infinite replayability. Every playthrough is different.Pros:- Infinite replayability- Cool art style- Lots of different enemies- Challenging difficultyCons:- Soundtrack is sometimes repetitive- Some folks may find some content disturbing- No tutorial. A wiki is almost mandatory to figure out some of the game mechanics.This is an incredible game. It's a good go-to game if your short on time and just want to do a quick run.
,Recommended,250900,29894264,Posted: 13 February,all,maumaunotgood,you can find money on a poop
,Recommended,250900,31021439,Posted: 8 April,all,Equation™,"Why didn't i play this sooner?!I've had this sat in my library for a long time now (along with the Afterbirth DLC)Like many of my games on Steam, I gave it a whirl for 30 minutes then set it to one side, years later I decide to play the game again due to seeing the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" reviews.... And I'm now addicted!I've now sunk 23 hours into the game and am still yearning for more, I don't even think i've unlocked 50% of the content. With every run through I seem to pick up something new or unlock a new badguy for the basement.This is such an incredible game, I can't recommend it enough.So if your looking at the game right now, buy it.. it IS worth it!If the game is in your Steam library but like me you just casted it to one side after a short time with it, give it a chance - You will fall in love with this game."
,Recommended,250900,12983430,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,BOBO-COCK,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a remake, and improved version of the original Edmund McMillen's and Florian Himsl's game: The Binding of Isaac.Overall, I think this game is a huge improvement compared to the original, and was really worth creating, pretty much every aspect of the game is improved:- Tthe game looks quite different thanks to a new pixalised art style. Some people will like it, some won't. I do.- The game is even more full of S.H.I.T. Literally. There's poop everywhere.- The amount of... pretty much everthing is extended: items, enemies, pickups, characters, challenges, levels, rooms... etc- This title also has a better game engine, I have muuuch less game freezing issue with this one. It crashed once, but hopefuly the new saving system (another great improvement!) let me go back to where I was !- There is now the possibility of choosing between 2 difficulties.The only bad thing about that game is that THE ♥♥♥♥ING BLOAT BOSS IS STILL IN THE GAME AND I HATE HIM SO ♥♥♥♥ING MUUUUUUCH.I think this game is mostly destinated to the fans of the original game, fixing everything that had to befixed and improving it in every aspect.Maybe the first one stays a better game if you want to start though, since it is cheaper and less complex."
76561198051163768,Recommended,250900,27502755,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mill ke,PROS:+Hundreds of unlockables+Massively improved over the original+Slick Controls+High Skill Ceiling+Great Enemy Variety+Randomization+Item Synergies are awesome (mostly)+Keeps you guessing+Various game modes+Incredible Depth+Endless Replayability+Special Seeds+Bang For Your Buck+Addictive AF+30 Challenges (10 with DLC)+Daily Runs+Perfect for CompletionistsCONS:-Music gets annoying-Everything to do with KeeperOne of my favorite games of all-time. 10/10. Can't wait for the final DLC with new content and in-game mod support.
,Recommended,250900,16989244,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Matt Zion,"I was a huge fan of the original Isaac so this had a tall order to live up to. The moment I played the first run I knew I was hooked. Over 200 hours later and everything about this game is amazing. They took what the original had and improved on it ten fold. It's not for everyone, but if you try it out, you'll know right away if this is the game for you. Forever an Isaac fan and looking forward to the expansion. 5 out of 5 Matt faces & seal of approval."
,Recommended,250900,18653261,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Bandiheart,Image if Legend Of Zelda had♥♥♥♥♥♥smeared all over it. Now imagine Link being replaced by a naked kid and Ganondorf getting replaced by his mother. You get this amazing game.
,Recommended,250900,13639962,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Brexit Grexit Carseat,"This is not ""rebirth"". This is awesome new game."
76561198110711388,Recommended,250900,25103392,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,RoomTemperatureMilk,"I've decided to wait until I unlocked everything in the game before writing a review. Let me just say that it was a wild ride. Here's some selling points for the game if you're on the fence about it:-Phenomenal soundtrack-Great game-feel-Nostalgic art style-With all floors being procedurally generated, the amount of replayability is staggering-Brimstone, Mom's Knife, Polyphemus-BumboSeriously, though, this game is increadible. I fully intend to continue playing it for much longer than I have now, and I hope you do the same.Buy this game."
,Recommended,250900,24999399,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Random Panda,"To make a list of things good about this game would take too long, let's try things bad.I can't find any."
,Recommended,250900,12924715,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Sir Senovan of the Holy Spear,"""So let me get this staight, they remade Binding of Issac""""Yes""""Why? the game was good already.""""Dude. You have no idea how much better they made it.""-Convorsaition I had The other daySeriously this is just plain awesome, everything that i said about it in my review of its predicessor here;http://steamcommunity.com/id/Senovan/recommended/113200/has remained completely true. the only difference it that there is more of everything and it works so well, the new technology wins runs on its own and Azazel is so fun to play as that it is actually hard to play as anyone else. im going to avoid gushin too mush and just give my shortest review possible.The Game is ♥♥♥♥ing AmazingBUY IT!!! you wont regret it9/10"
,Recommended,250900,13874834,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,dogei,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is an excellent game for anyone who enjoys randomly generated rogue-like shooters. It is a vast improvement to the original Binding of Isaac with the addition of many more power ups, room sizes, synergies, enemies, Bosses, characters, and overall game improvements and fixes.The game offers a short intro video explaining the basic lore of game so newer players know what is going on. Although the game is great, it could be very difficult to first time players. The game offers no tutorial and will throw players right into the action without any advice. This could cause newer players to die...a lot. I recommend first time players to read the the wiki and get a basic understanding of how the game mechanics work. For any power up/ item information I recommendhttp://platinumgod.co.uk/rebirthOverall I cannot recommend this game enough, my final rating is a 9.5/10"
76561197989579316,Recommended,250900,12794545,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,-Ritchie-,"If you liked the first one, you will love this one. This is a great Remake, it works at 60fps. It has many more items than the original, new characters, enemys and levels improvements. Im not sure about the music, fits well, but the music of the original Isaac it´s better.(Spanish)Si te gusto el primero, este te va a encantar. Es un remake excelente, funciona a 60fps.  Tiene muchos mas items que el primero, nuevos  personajes ,enemigos y excelentes mejoras de escenario. Lo único que no me termina de convencer es la música, encaja bien, pero no supera  la música de la versión original."
,Recommended,250900,12800755,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,」Sui「,"I don't know how you could make a remake any better. New items, new bosses, new enemies, new rooms, new graphics, new music, new everything really meshed with everything from the original game. Since the game isn't on Flash anymore, there are barely any limitations, and it feels amazingly smooth compared to the original.And just when I thought the game couldn't get any better with a remake."
,Recommended,250900,12794778,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ranra,"This game is 10 times better than the original, and the original was a 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,12843830,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rock Holiday,"Rebirth is exactly what you original Isaac players were hoping for.  A tuned up version of Isaac with more stuffed added.  It is everything we wanted and more.  Items synergize better, some enemies and bosses have been tweaked a little, and some items have been fiddled with a little as well, but everything for the most part is as you remember, only in better form.My only real gripe is the music isn't nearly as good as it was in the original.If this is your first foray into Isaac, don't worry.  You don't need the original.  The game is something of a dungeon crawler with Biblical and crude (and I say that lovingly) themes.  It is challenging, and every run will be different.  Endless amounts of replayability.If you're easily offended, the game may not be for you!  If you like a good challenge, like a good laugh, and enjoy a little bit of just plain weird, you can never go wrong with Isaac."
76561198060039032,Recommended,250900,12847283,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ros117,So...have you bought this? No? DEAR GOD MAN WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!!! A review? You need a review to tell you that The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is honest to God amazing? Of course you don't. Go buy it. RIGHT NOW!!! I don't care if you are broke or not. Get a loan or something.
,Recommended,250900,19355303,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Fishs,"Do you have an awful, crippling gambling addiction?Get gameDo you get angry easily and react violently to in game death?Get gameDo you despise ridiculous challenges that are near impossible to achieve?Get game10/10 most addictive rage inducing  game I've ever played"
,Recommended,250900,12790471,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lateksisammakko,Here's some of my thoughts about the game:-New graphics are AWESOME!-New enemies are AWESOME!-New items are AWESOME!-New playable characters are AWESOME!-New pickups are AWESOME!-New item synergies are AWESOME!-New soundtracks are AWESOME!-The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is SUPER AWESOME!The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is finally here! After a looooong wait we finally got what we deserved! This is going to be an epic journey! Why don't you buy this game and join us?
,Recommended,250900,23969485,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Awruko,DO NOT buy this game if you want to have life beyond the computer
,Recommended,250900,12830687,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ridge,"""The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth"" is a refreshing experience from its predecesor - ""The Binding of Isaac.""Understandably, the core of the game is still the same, however, there is tons of new content that make this game unique from the previous one.ITEMS -Not only are there new items and new Devil's Deals, but the way the items combine has been polished and vastly improved.The new items that I have so far experienced are not bland and lacking any useful effect, but are praiseworthy.MOBS & SURROUNDINGS -In ""Rebirth""bossesalongside mobs have been added. In my short time of playing, I have already met two new bosses with somewhat boring abilities, but it expanded on the boss list, increasingreplay value.It seems like the dev team expanded quite a lot on spiders and living poops, so expect that.Apart from mobs, there are now new fire places and a new type of heart.HUD & GRAPHICS -Graphics have significantly changed in this game. Everything seems to be more pixelated and colours less brigher than they were, however it stills feels more lively with a greater colour variation on walls. To me, this works way more in a rogue type game like this one.The map setting have changed as now you can easily minimize and maximise it to your preferances.ROOMS -As you may have already knew, the rooms have been redesigned to sometimes generate as massive rooms. To my surprise, this handles quite nicely as you manouver across it.Overall,I would recommend this game to everybody - both players of the previous game and to those who didn't play Binding of Isaac at all.+More items and game variationExpansion on mobsGraphics (personal opinion, some may not like it)Even greater replayabilty value-Storyline still the sameLack of soundtrack improvementsNew bosses are not so exciting"
,Recommended,250900,22889315,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Picoult,"This game is like: having someone hitting you and you say 'harder!' . You just can't stop playing, no matter how many times you die and the hours you take to pass the levels.I wanna try again everytime."
,Recommended,250900,33883231,Posted: 29 July,all,INIGO BBY COME HOME,"The remake of the original Binding Of Isaac. Unless you absolutely despise the pixelated graphics I would definitely buy Rebirth at full price as there is an insane amount of content even without Afterbirth and Afterbirth+. The game comes with a whopping 424 items and trinkets out of the box (counting booster pack items. Which are the top community-made workshop items added every month) Along with 10 unlockable characters. With the two DLCs that number jumps up to 563 items and 12 unlockable characters. The game itself is extremely fun and has insane replayability. No two runs will ever be the same. If you're a fan of rogue games such as Enter The Gungeon and Nuclear Throne this game is a must-have. However, the game isn't as bullet hell as either of of the two games I mentioned. Your success in runs will largely depend on how you read enemies and understand what all the items do, although there is the occasional ""You just got ♥♥♥♥ed by RNGesus"" moment due to bad starting items, bad room layouts, bad damage, or all of the above. Despite that, the game is very fun and I would recommend it to almost anyone."
76561198000671318,Recommended,250900,28004529,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aksabhan,5 minutes:  time it takes to understand how to play2 hours: time it takes to understand where the game is going5 hours : time it takes to get totally hooked1000 hours : time it takes to achieve everything the game has to offer0.1 seconds : time it takes to erase your game and start over just for the fun of it!
,Recommended,250900,20919403,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,lafaman,good n challenging ;)
,Recommended,250900,21289433,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ุ,"Much has been said about The Binding of Isaac's gameplay, it's replay value, interesting item combos, and intense achievement hunting so I'm going to go ahead and touch on something important to me. The fact that this game is in fact one of, if not the only piece of media I can think of that is solely about a child abuse survivor and his attempts to regain agency and humanity.The Binding of Isaac is on it's surface a rather childish narrative of poop jokes and weird body horror, but upon further reflection and piecing together of the non-linear story, one comes to realize that Isaac is a wholly unique, fairly depressing, and highly important narrative.  Isaac is a child with everything stripped from him, his ability to choose, his ability to move around, his very humanity is offered up in the name of sacrifice. But unlike so many other narratives about child abuse, Isaac is a game that does not end with a child falling to the knife of his authoritative figures, but rather making his own choices, whether to live or to die of his own accord.Isaac's struggles are given serious attention even amidst all the giant poop monsters, and I truly believe this game can absolutely be a cathartic experience to some of us out there who maybe didn't always have the chance to make our own fight in life."
,Recommended,250900,16636749,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,pocky,a naked schizophrenic child has never made me want to scream my vocal chords out this much
76561197968552113,Recommended,250900,31666620,Posted: 10 May,all,Skaz,"fantastic game, mildly addictive."
,Recommended,250900,12814683,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hnetu,"While on the outside the game might look like a step back, given its leap toward more (seemingly) dated graphical style, in truth nothing could be further from the truth. A remake/demake of the original Binding of Isaac (and Wrath of the Lamb) flash game, this really hits perfectly. The tuning changes make every item feel like its useful, rather than running into ones that are quite obviously mis-labeled and detrimental to have. The music gets into your bones and helps to set the atmosphere. The power up combinations and synergies will make you giggle and squirm in your seat when you see two fit perfectly together to make something absolutely indescribable. There's bad things, sure, but most of those come from being used to (or complacent with) the previous version of the game.Once the 'well this is different' feeling at finding an item that previously did one thing but now does another wears off, it's smooth sailing into a wonderful waste of hours and days and weeks and... Wait, I was playing for how long!?"
,Recommended,250900,34135755,Posted: 9 August,all,Jeezus,Love this game. Such a simple elegant design with seemingly millions of combinations of items.
,Recommended,250900,34800594,Posted: 7 September,all, Cloaks ,*Sequels can be good*
,Recommended,250900,14123788,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"The original Binding of Isaac was released back in 2011 and was pretty much the effort of two or three people, the game on a chronically horrible Flash interface. The original is still pretty great.However, comparing the original and the remastered Binding of Isaac is like the difference between a regular membrane keyboard and a mechanical keyboard. You won't notice the difference immediately, but it will stick in your mind if you go back to the original.Rebirth plays much better in comparison via subtle changes to the formula. The main differences between the original and the remastered edition include 160+ new items, native gamepad support (thank Christ), a new set of gameplay and difficulty tweaks (Hard mode being a big tweak for cool kids who like to unlock more things on top of their already unlocked things), and the game engine running at 60FPS all times every times (except when you alt-tab to something else, I've noticed, but I'm not going to hit the developers for that).It's a worthy addition to a classic, and I don't know if I can go back to playing the original now, since this supercedes it by a mile. Honestly, the only people I imagine who would complain about this are frustrated teenagers who don't get allowances and those awful pedantic ♥♥♥♥s on Steam who use the forums to complain about refunds every time the pre-orders don't get released on time."
,Recommended,250900,32560478,Posted: 19 June,all,Emo_,"An utterly phenomenal rogue-like game with tons of content and item combinations, love it to bits."
76561197972501619,Recommended,250900,18775343,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,"""Sir""",Look at the number of hours I have on this. Enough said.
,Recommended,250900,12806109,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,ASpecialSunflake,"So i pre-purchased this game back in september after playing the original game. This game is amazing. The old game quickly turned into one of my favourite games of all time. This game is 100x better. The music is AMAZING, the fps is AMAZING, the new items are AMAZING. There are also bigger rooms and they are really sweet. The new bosses are really good as well and most of them are a challenge (screw you dingle). So yeah, if you haven't already; BUY THIS GAME. Is it worth the extra money compared to the orignal? YES! It is worth so much more, I will be playing this game for years and years to come. You can also put seeds in now so you can challenge your friends and local co-op is also a nice addition. There is just so much good about this game... fullscreen... that i can't put them in any sort of order. BUY THIS GAME!!"
76561198080596436,Recommended,250900,12848825,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,EGK_NO MRoger,An amazing game.  Much better than its 1st game.  Tons more items and new ideas.  Wonderful fun random levels.  Everyone needs to play this game atleast once in their life.
,Recommended,250900,13127007,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Alison,There's a pill that makes you poo uncontrollably.10/10
,Recommended,250900,12880935,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Reese’s Beanut Poder Cups,"Binding of Isaac was one of my favorite video games of all time. The idea of a randomized, Zelda-like dungeoncrawler with such a large selection of items is and was a great idea for a game; and I'm surprised it didn't happen sooner. Rebirth does no different. Rebirth, in fact, does better. Last I read there were over 300 items in this installment, and it shows. The game is a tug-of-war between luck and skill and there is always discussion to be had over whether or not you want to grab a book of shadow or a bottle of pills. It is pretty much a direct upgrade to the original, but this is permissable because the content is giant and there are new dungeons and bosses to be fought. I've always been a fan of the biblical imagery and candid symbolism. Worth the money, great game for those who like to clock in and chip away at some benchmarks. My only complaint? There's too much♥♥♥♥♥♥ And there's nothing cool about♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,250900,13786540,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ordovician,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the devil and he died.10/10
76561198045427113,Recommended,250900,23027213,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,eyb0ss,said: F*CK i have a tick and can't get cancer now!Mother hears itthinks im ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now11/10 would disturb mother again
,Recommended,250900,13131206,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,The world's finest sequel to the world's finest abused christian child in a basement simulator!YOU MAKE ME SICK EDMUND MCMILLEN AND TYRONE RODRIGUEZ AND THE ACCUMULATED TALENT OF NICALIS!
,Recommended,250900,13335417,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Teh Urn,"Like Skyrim, but with poop."
76561198062090205,Recommended,250900,20316218,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BaciSunday,"Subject: IsaacWeapon of Choice: TearsKnown Abilities(but not limited to): Eliminating little smiling poops, gets stronger when he gets cancer, Is capable of killing himself as a fetus inside his mom's womb, the charm to trick The Devil himself to take his credit card instead of his soul, is capable of getting 9 lives by getting the head corpse of his dead cat, and the ability to kill satan by simply crying.Reccomended Method of Approach: approach with an arachnid, has been known to be killed by a spider."
,Recommended,250900,23141614,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,haha man,"This game really is something amazing, Its one of the few games I've played that made me feel like I needed to earn all the achievements, and even after that, the game is still fun. The RNG aspect of it makes it so easy to replay and there are some great binding of isaac streamers on twitch, I would definetly reccomend this game, its worth the 15$ it costs, and I'd even encourage you to buy the afterbirth DLC, which adds a lot more content and generally makes the game more fun."
76561198074621665,Recommended,250900,13113229,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Puzzle,F***KING BUY IT ;-;
76561198031099720,Recommended,250900,15763616,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Nohrian Scum,-Spawn in a basement as a crying child-wonder what i got into-go into gold room-find my mother's bra-disgusted yet intrigued-walk into room and use the disgusting power of my mother's fat body in bra to cause paralysis-puke at the sight of my mother's body-continue on and fight a giant poop10/10 would freeze my enemies with the sight of my mother's body in a bra again
,Recommended,250900,12812539,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Grambyte,An amazing improvement on the original The Binding of Isaac even with the Wrath of the Lamb included. The game surpases my expectation with all ease and then some. Well worth going in my books as one of the best games ever. Tip of the hat to Edmund and Nicalis team.
,Recommended,250900,13159956,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,★Sir Fróstíe ♪❅,Very fun and addictive game and full of poop. 10/10
76561197993891197,Recommended,250900,12859334,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"This game is...Aww, who am I kidding? You already know what this game is. This has been on the top 10 list of most-played Steam games since it came out. Chances are you've already played it for at least 20 hours, watched Youtubers play it, or both. Actually, what are you even doing here? Are you looking at reviews for games you've already played, and already have a strong opinion about, just for a sense of validation? Shame. Shame on you. You're grounded. Go back to the basement.But for the record, I think this game is absolutely fantastic. Improves on the previous game in pratically every way. It's so great to play Isaac without the Flash lag, and all the new items and secrets are wonderful to discover.  If the original Isaac and Wrath of the Lamb were a 9.0, this is a 9.8.Why not 10? Well, personally, I feel it loses some teeny tiny points for some very minor things:- The new music. Disagree if you want -- and that's fine, I know a lot of people adore the new music -- but personally, I feel it's just not as good as Danny B's soundtrack. Isaac is a very repetitive game -- It's a game where you fight the same enemies in the same environments dozens of times -- and I feel repetitive games deserve catchy soundtracks. Rebirth's music is not catchy and not memorable, but it's moody, creepy, atmospheric, and sometimes downright innovative, but very much resembles the soundtrack to a horror movie rather than the pulse-pounding action game that this is. It does have much higher production values than the original, and the extra music layer that kicks in during tough rooms is a great touch, but as much as it’s grown on me, I still find myself missing the old soundtrack too much. In fact, I’d probably throw money at a DLC that adds the old music back in some form.- The sprite graphics. All the sprites in this game are not pixel art -- they're actually still the same old flash vectors, but now they have aliased pixels traced over them, making them look low-res. Just... Why?? Why fix what's not broken? Well, I kind of know the answer. It was Ed McMillen's original vision for the game to have pixel graphics, and he eventually came to loathe even looking at the original graphics because he felt they were rushed. I can respect that. But the original graphics had CHARM, dammit. The enemies were deceptively cute, and it was awesome. I loved looking at them. And besides, I always felt that the Binding of Isaac was the ultimate pinnacle of the gross, gory, shocking, irreverent wave of Flash animations that flooded Newgrounds and the internet in the 00's, and Isaac's vector art fit that role so perfectly. Yeah, I know there's a filter you can turn on, but it makes the graphics even worse. At any rate, the particles, backgrounds, effects, and stunning cutscenes more than make up for it in the graphics department, so I don't complain too loudly.- The game is very, very, very easy. Though I can't tell how much of that is just my skill after having Platinum God'd the original game. But with all the great new items, it seems that Rebirth is less about skill and more about consistently becoming overpowered, and it gives you ample opportunities to do so. I feel like I can always tell if a run is won or lost by the end of the very first level, whereas in the original Isaac I had to stick around for a while before I could tell if a run had potential, because there weren't enough game breakers that you were likely to find one in the first item room and then a good devil deal to synergize with it. But again, I don't complain loudly because repeatedly becoming a god -- especially a different kind of god each time -- is a blast, so maybe this was the direction the game should have taken in the end.After a few arguable nitpicks, this is still nearly a 10/10 game in my book. But there’s no need to listen to me! Isaac is so ubiquitous now that you either already own it, or know whether or not you want it. Again, why are you even reading reviews? Back to the basement with you!"
,Recommended,250900,14115668,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kelgis,"Rebirth is, technically, just an expansion and redesigning to the original Binding of Isaac. However, with so much new content (nearly twice as many items, at 343, the original having 196 - Lots of new bosses, one new level, four new dynamic characters) and so many incredible synergies between items, not to say the different pixelly aesthetic, it ends up feeling like an entirely new experience. A lot of familiar sights, yet experiencing it in Rebirth feels far different from the original.The addition of the Eden character adds an interesting challenge, of getting random stats and items. You can get really horrible results, or really good ones, but every run with Eden ends up being a worthwhile, different experience. Or hellish challenge. It's a tad annoying that it takes tokens for every run with Eden, but as long as you're not a reset maniac, you don't really run out.Azazel is a very interesting character, as he starts with flight and a short ranged Brimstone. If RNG isn't being nice to you, a run with Azazel tends to be a good choice, as once you get better at the game, you're essentially guaranteed success if you select Azazel. It's a very fun character due to these things, as you don't have to worry about bad items and stats and just get to kick some♥♥♥♥♥The Lost is stupid, but I guess at least he has flight. It's a worthwhile challenge, but it ends up being more about being lucky than being skilled. A lot of room setups, even with flight, are just absolutely insane to handle if your offensive potential isn't high, especially some like Mask & Heart filled rooms in Necropolis or 2x The Adversary rooms in The Chest/Dark Room. A very skilled player would survive with a lot of effort and precise movement, yes, but in the end you're just running about hoping the erratic movement of certain monsters doesn't completely screw you over.The Dark Room level isn't much different from The Chest in itself, having a very similar selection of bosses for every room. The main difference is just in the final boss. It'd have been nice to get some more new levels, however with the addition of so many new bosses, Mega Satan and with upcoming DLC (which, considering the old DLC for the original, Wrath of the Lamb, will probably contain a load of new content aswell), this isn't something that actually bothered me much in my playtime. With so much variety in every aspect of the game, it never felt truly repetitive in all of my playtime.Challenges were very interesting, especially ones where you'd be blindfolded and have to resort to specific mechanics to survive such as Solar System and Cat Got Your Tongue. Annoying as hell at times, as the game and its enemies/bosses were definitely not designed for combat with nothing but Guppy's Hairball or attack flies, but a different and fun way to play the game. The Cursed challenge also introduced a really fun aspect, making you really think about your movement and actions. Sadly, there were not all that many challenges that really forced you to play differently.One of my main issues ended up just being quick resetting until I got some decent items, especially when playing with The Lost. Granted, The Lost in itself is supposed to be a very difficult challenge for expert players, but I can't say I had a lot of fun, nor that it was particularly challenging, resetting constantly in Hard Mode (which also decreases the chance of treasure rooms spawning nearby the start) until I got something at least decent to begin with.But overall, Rebirth was a great game and very much worth picking up, even if you already played the original. Hell, having played the original only made my experience better. It has enough content to last you a long while, and if you go for 100% completion (or 111%), be ready to waste away a few weeks at it. Now let's wait and see if the DLC will be as incredible as Wrath of the Lamb was to the original."
76561198078398035,Recommended,250900,29410958,Posted: 21 January,all,NOT Ernie,"The Binding of Isaac: Making your life a living bullet hell since 2011.This is one of the best games I have ever played. For people who are short tempered, don't play too much of this in one session. At first, it's a rather simple top-down rogue-like dungeon crawler. Then you make it out of the basement, and that's where things get hard. Enemies start having more complex tear patterns. Some even shoot things that aren't tears. I'll leave the rest for you to find out. This isn't the type of game that you beat it, and you're done forever. Certain items create odd synergies. Accomplishing certain tasks unlock even more disturbing items, bosses, and floors. So buy the game, and prepare for madness."
,Recommended,250900,28850772,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Quinn-deada,"This game is weird and amazing, I love going through places and just frigging crying on the enemies. If you like rogue-like games and snowball gameplay then this game is the choice for you.Thisgameisamazing.I rate a 9.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,250900,25726568,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mammoth,"This game deserves an actual review from me instead of a joke.One of the best games I have ever played.Pros:- Endless replayability- Each run might be similar to others, but will never be exactly the same- Challenges that have you completely rethink how you play the game- Diverse characters with entirely different concepts, strengths, and weaknesses- Tons of achievements and new items to unlock to keep the game interesting- Devil and Angel rooms that can supply you with items that are the most fun to use- Godhead & Mega blastCons:- Blue Baby- Keeper- The Lost- Angel room items that aren't godhead, sacred heart, or spear of destiny"
,Recommended,250900,16548674,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pajama Tito,best game i've ever played
,Recommended,250900,13416670,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Brendaniel,Oh god. This game will consume me.
,Recommended,250900,34005419,Posted: 3 August,all,Caylien,my new life goal is to complete this game
,Recommended,250900,13366651,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,BigPanda22,This game is very fun. I like it. I play it every day. It is also frustrating when you are FIGHTING SATAN AS THE BLUE BABY AND YOU GOT THE BIBLE AND YOU USED IT TO KILL MOM AND MOMS HEART SO YOU THINK COOL LETS USE IT ON SATAN WHY NOT RIGHT?No
,Recommended,250900,12874733,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Oopatrickoo,"A remake of the very hard ""Rogue-Like"" game Binding of Isaac. This one has tons of new items, bosses, achievements and unlockables. The game is tough at the start but very rewarding.If you liked the original at all this is a must buy.9/10"
76561198089827855,Recommended,250900,23991926,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Weldin,"Ever felt like you haven´t been aborted enough?If yes, then play this game."
76561198052359732,Recommended,250900,24431103,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Drunk mom making a difference,- Mom locked me inside my room- Mom removed my toys and cut off my♥♥♥♥♥♥- Mom tries to kill me- Jumped through a trap door hidden under my mattres I didn't even knew about although it was in my own room- Fell down to a basement- Saw a monster.- Killed the monster with my tears- Celebrated victory- Found a hanger. Instructions unclear. Hangar impaled my head- Entered through a red portal- Saw two crying worms- Worms noticed me and started crawling around the room pooping and eating their♥♥♥♥♥♥- Killed the monsters with my tears again- Jumped through another trap door- Same♥♥♥♥♥♥happening over again- Found a pill- Ate the pill- Started ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bombs- Sold my soul to a Satan for my dead cats paw- Fought against Death- Killed Death- Killed my mother- Entered to my mothers womb- Turns out my mothers womb is full of monsters- Killed my mothers Hearth which appereantly is located in her womb- Went to Heaven- Heaven is full of monsters too- Noticed myself crying on a floor- Started attacking myself via tears- The other me starts crying too- We both cry. An epic battle.- Died- Wrote a letter in which i told what killed me and listed all the stuff I managed to found and gave them to my dead cat- ???
,Recommended,250900,15561912,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kaibun,"You probably know Isaac all too well by now: the Zelda-inspired, randomly-generated twin-stick shooter rife with religious symbolism that became incredibly popular. While Rebirth is a remake of the original, it's a completely new experience, as its title suggests.Gone is the buggy flash interface, replaced with a much better UI and proper gamepad controls. Though I prefer the first one's soundtrack, complaining about that would be no good nitpicking.The original Isaac is still my most played game on Steam, and for a good reason: it's extremely addictive, difficult, highly replayable and to top it off pretty much never ends. Buy it, you won't regret it. Also, I totally did not update this review just to get that badge, I swear."
,Recommended,250900,24355986,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,n-TH,"PROSCONS+ Very atmospheric+ Deep, thought-provoking plot+ Excellent enemy design+ Gruesome visual effects of items on Isaac+ Runs well even on a toaster+ Challenging, addicting and rewarding gameplay+ Well-presented 'unlocks' system+ Good music+ Stylish graphics- Framerate-dependent engine (this is insulting even for an indie game)- Very RNG-dependent gameplay (you usually end up either ridiculously overpowered or underpowered)- The 'daily run' system isn't fleshed out very well (has a lot of unused potential)NOTES:* Renders the original flash game obsolete (no point in buying the original game)"
,Recommended,250900,12795966,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zexas,"Been waiting for this game for months. Did it live up to the massive hype and expectations? YES, this is one of the games that actually did. Hopefully those who played the original and this new remake to feel the same."
76561198030577607,Recommended,250900,31128348,Posted: 13 April,all,Magic_Wizard,It's the best game.
,Recommended,250900,14753214,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Stupid Child Simulator.,Slaughter your siblings. Commit Matricide. Kill Satan. End your own Life. The Binding of Isaac. 10/10.
,Recommended,250900,13148277,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Profesional Batleground Player,esta mUY BIENE STA BGUAY LA VERAD ME GUSTA MUCHO
76561198236368970,Recommended,250900,30844119,Posted: 30 March,all,Taters,Amazing game. If you don't have it. Get it
76561198060193952,Recommended,250900,29342593,Posted: 18 January,all,Captain Hell Knight,"Rebirth takes the disturbance levels of the original game, and adds even more with its sentient piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥ bouncy ghosts, mummies, whatever the ♥♥♥♥ the Hush is supposed to be, a more satanic Satan, and lots... LOTS of Brimstone spam! While this game feels slower than the original, it more than makes up for it with its dozens of bullet hell bosses, and the hundreds more items to unlock! I can see myself wasting many, many more hours in this game, because of how awesome it truly is.However, there are a few things the original does better than Rebirth (aside from the music, that is). Devil deals aren't as good anymore, seeing as how there's a high chance Satan will just give you 3 red chests that mostly contain hostile spiders and troll bombs. Secret rooms are also a bit stupid, but I don't particularly care about them. And the fact that the health is capped at 12 can be troublesome, but overall I've had more success in this game than the original.So overall... I give it a 9.5/10. I would recommend this game to everyone looking for a rogue-like game to spend many hours in.SIDE NOTE: I still ♥♥♥♥ing hate the Bloat and Mask of Infamy, but I feel like I should update the list. I welcome the Cage, the Stain and Brownie to the worst bosses list!"
,Recommended,250900,13016602,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,"Coffeek, Unkindled","This is the best game of all time. It doesn't matter how much i play this, IT NEVER GETS OLD!! The DLC's keep coming, new content, new bosses, new enemies, NEW MODS! I just love this game, i love it so much that i wanna cut Edmund's head off and put it in a jar. <3"
,Recommended,250900,24778953,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,OVERDRiVE,"Now I haven't reached my 50 hour quota for reviewing games but given how I have clocked a few hundred hours on this game's prequel, I think I have an idea of what's going on.I guess there isn't much else to say since chances are you've read a bunch of other reviews and you're either in one of two situations if you're reading this. Firstly, you're probalby busy downloading the game or already playing it, in which case, enjoy it. Don't take it for what it is on the surface, which isn't much but a really ♥♥♥♥ed up dungeon crawler type thing. There is a lot more to the game than what initially meets the eye.There are a lot of different enemies, items, powerups and secret areas for you to explore. There are also 20 unique and interesting challenges for you to take. There are a few characters, each with their own unique abilities or disabilites and a lot of interesting bosses. What I like about the bosses is that they don't follow the generic ""boss fight"" standard where they just follow a specific pattern. Their attacks and movement are unpredictable and I like that aspect. As you delve into the game, you will discover more and more. That's why there are people with 1000+ hours clocked, there's just that much to explore. There's just that much more stuff to find out before things get mundane.If you haven't bought the game yet, do so if you can afford to. Not because everyone says its good, but because everyone says its an essential addition to any gamer's collection, it really is. Whether you like its play style or not, its just one of those games you have to at least try out. The developers have stayed humble and light hearted about their masterpiece and they deserve the small asking price of the game that they receive after you buy it.A few things I like about the game: The music, it works really well and I like how it changes based on where you are. It has a sense of calmness to it or sometimes a sense of eeriness that really helps with the atmosphere of the game. Generic ear-bleed-inducing heavy metal crap just ruins some games, thankfully, this is not the case here. I would buy the soundtrack if I wasn't a poor ♥♥♥♥.The enemies: Which other game lets you be a little naked boy covered in crap, shooting pee out of your eyes into a fat blob of a monster that opens its toothed ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to shoot a stream of blood at you only to explode into a group of flies? In which other game, does contracting TB and Cancer give you power? In which other game do you have to kill gray flying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s covered in hair that shoot pops of blood at you with your powerful group of flies and spiders?Its unique, its creepy and its just great fun. You can play for hours on end or you can simply get a daily 15 minute quick-fix after a stressful game of DOTA or whatever. Oh, and another thing I like is that they integrate with Steam nicely. With a crapload of achievements, trading cards, profile backgrounds, badges and emoticons. This may seem trivial, but its something I personally appreciate."
,Recommended,250900,22290743,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Edtron,The Binding of Isaac: RebirthI'm a good noodle!Pros:Replay value!Great community!Amazing soundtrack!Wide variety of bosses.Afterbirth DLC is a great addition!Multiple characters to choose from.Cons:Big learning curve.Overall Rating:10/10
,Recommended,250900,13256633,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Gouf Custom,"The only game where ""I cri evry tim"""
,Recommended,250900,26052301,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sayo Rentarou Akanashi,Daddy long legs OP
76561198007333305,Recommended,250900,24356235,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Ballistix,Playing Issac is like playing a poem that doesn't rhyme or even make much sense. And it's addictive as hell!
,Recommended,250900,12962644,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,GERN,"A lot of Fun, content and achievements!In my opinion, this is a better version of the original Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,250900,12821333,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,idk,"The first game was fantastic however it really didn't run too well - Remake has better, smoother engineThe first game was not lacking on content - they added more content!!!The first game had decent soundtrack - They scraped it for a much better soundtrack!The first games didn't have a save feature - with the new engine they fixed that!overall rating 9/10fantastic game that will not get dull even after the 500th runWarning this game is INCREDIBLY fun yet DIFFIULT"
,Recommended,250900,12796657,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Dune,This game is a masterpiece and I'm growing increasingly concerned that I may never stop playing. If you loved the original Issac you should already have it. To those newcomers prepare yourself for a challenging and disturbing experience you can't get anywhere else.  The music flows perfectly with the atmosphere of each room (not level - each room) and the enemies are legitimately disturbing and create a real level of dread in the later floors.10/10100/100Best Game
,Recommended,250900,21087519,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,XJ9,"This game is just great, action packed, creepy very interesting to play, and a really good time consumer. A LOT of achievements and great replayability.The only problem for me is the lack of the mouse support."
,Recommended,250900,32872970,Posted: 27 June,all,Vencido,Good game
76561198115225229,Recommended,250900,13848958,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Yeko Aser,Для любитель рандома и стальных нервов
,Recommended,250900,20574642,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Shiny Soul,"I made a pact with Satan and he accepted my credit card instead of... idk my soul.Later that same day, one of my flies killed him.10/10Would scam him again."
,Recommended,250900,13941290,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Choops,"So you are looking at this funky and to be honest, dated looking dungeon crawler and thinking, what is it actually like? Dont be fooled by its childish poop and pee overlay!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5DKswdBIaYThe above is a few play throughs from a brand new player and my impressions.Pros*Never ending variety, dungeons are randomly generated and never look the same twice - ever!*Huge amounts of upgrade syngergies, no messy button combo bashing*Incredibly challenging at times*Seemingly innumerable iterations of secrets, hidden items and poop!*Plenty of characters*Enormous replay value*Intense, and adrenaline pumping fights*Did I mention you can make deals wih the devil and beat the crap out of your mother?Cons*The game is fantastic...but it's not exactly ground breaking, just very well made, or re-made rather. Dont get fooled by the hype, its fun but its probably still a tiny bit niche.*Having to wait for it to download?"
76561198072604105,Recommended,250900,22411422,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Beast Mastese,"I review BoI coming from the perspective of a person who enjoys the crap out of Nuclear Throne and Enter the Gungeon. My initial experince fell short of my expectations, clearly founded upon the pure adrenaline rush provided by NT. My impression was a game that was much slower and casual than anticipated, thus failing to scratch the persistent itch that NT (and later EtG) created for bullet Hell.I reached out to the community for advice, because 34K people touting the greatness of this game couldn't be wrong (could they?) They said ""Don't waiver, stick with BoI and you won't regret that decision."" So, ignoring my instinct to simply refund and move on, I have. And while I am far short of the 100's of hours you would want from a reviewer, I can tell you they are right.BoI is deep...much deeper than either of the two aforementioned games above. Once you accept that it is neither of the other two, BoI's attaction will begin to set in. Hopefully those who are following a similar path as mine will find good advice that BoI belongs in your permanent library. You won't regret that decision, I assure you."
,Recommended,250900,14535163,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ku?,"The original Binding of Isaac in one of my favourite games of all time, and the sequel improves upon the original in every way possible.Since the game is RNG heavy it makes sure that no two runs are the same, this allows for countless hours of enjoyment and due to the difficulty of the game it is extremely satisfying when you do beat it. Especially when you improve tactically, every enemy has their own movement patterns and firing patterns, when these become natural to you the game will become easier.When I say that the game is hard that does not mean it is not fair, any discomfort you feel while playing is solely on the player. If you get dealt a bad hand by the RNG, it is still satisfying to overcome this disadvantage.One great advantage of this version of the game is the art style, it being in a pixel format means that it is timeless since these types of game age a lot more gracefully.I highly recommend you buy it."
,Recommended,250900,22623407,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Super Grover 2.0,"My all time favorite game. I've spent many hours getting to 100% completion with Afterbirth, and I'm attempting to do so with Afterbirth+. Suffering is assured. 11/10"
76561198071585954,Recommended,250900,22328407,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,DerLoard,This game does not have a RNG.It has a♥♥♥♥♥♥Number-Generator.Especially when you play the Keeper...
,Recommended,250900,13114136,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mac DeMarco,It hurts so good.
76561198117364758,Recommended,250900,30297960,Posted: 3 March,all,simbronio,"The Binding of Isaac is an awesome game with an interesting story and an awesome gameplay. It is a bit repetitive, but it has a lot of items, and with two expansions it is impossible to have an exact run as the previous one. It's very hard and it has some disadvantages for new players, but if you really like the game, you will get good at it after some time. If you get bored you can even install mods! Some of them are useful, others add a plentiful amount of items, like ""Antibirth"", that is unfortunately for Rebirth only."
76561198170689503,Recommended,250900,32633992,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr. Memes,Good.
,Recommended,250900,13112102,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,彡YMD,Really great game! In my opinion better than first Isaac. Very positive.
76561198019748128,Recommended,250900,13736224,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ｐｒｏｆ. Ｊｅｗ,A game about crying on crazy living poo-monsters.
,Recommended,250900,33175447,Posted: 3 July,all,Defective Detective,Is good.
,Recommended,250900,13668076,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,adel von spadel,The only game where you can haveExplosivediarrhea without your toilet breaking.10/10
76561198067228862,Recommended,250900,18047365,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Genobros,never has crying chidren been so entertaining
,Recommended,250900,13090062,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Doughboy,this game is so good it makes my eyes want to pop out and orbit the room and my mouth want to shoot a blood lazer barrage in one direction
,Recommended,250900,13602775,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,CHUBBYEMU,"game of the year 2014. love the randomness of the game. the soundtrack and the art arent as good as the original, but everything else is better.  sorry Edmund, I like the original's smooth edges better."
,Recommended,250900,16247968,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,"Great, Hard, Tons of content. Different possiblities each time. The abominations are very cute with alot of scat and blood.  10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13962633,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Doctor Raaat,"""What did you do today, little Isaac?""""Well, I went into my basement, killed a blob thing, got a FREAKING LAZER OUT OF MY MOUTH,  found some caves, killed more things, got a planet lodged into my brain, found some depths, killed more things, killed my mom, went into her womb, killed her heart, ran into some light, found a cathedral, killed myself, went into a chest, and killed my decaying corpse!""""Wow, you have had a rough day today.""10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14537569,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Pepipopa,"This game is a nightmare and a heaven for people who enjoy roguelikes.I have spent at the time of posting this 200+ hours in this game. This game which costs 15$.200+ items to get. Synergies between multiple of them making every run unique and interesting. Hard as hell achievements which keep you going. I suggest you buy this game and enjoy it. Believe me you will.If you expect to beat it in a night, think again. This game gives you no quarter and will sometimes screw you. That's the beauty of it.TL;DRGame is great."
,Recommended,250900,14972488,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Tracelate,"If you loved the original Isaac, you will love Rebirth.If you loved the original Legend of Zelda, you will love Rebirth.If you love roguelike/roguelite games, you will love Rebirth.Pros:+Way more items than the original!+Way more characters than the original!+Way more bosses than the original!+Way more endings than the original!+Tight controls+Awesome replayability+Great gameplay+Lags MUCH less than the original. I run on a pretty old laptop, and the original Isaac would run at 10 or so FPS sometimes, but this game runs at a smooth 40-50.+Interesting (And depressing) hidden backstory+It's cheap! If you get it on sale, you can get hundreds of hours of gameplay for 6-7 dollars.Neutral points:*The music is alright, but I personally liked the music from the original more. That's just my opinion, so it's a neutral point.*The game is harder than the original. This is up to you whether it's a pro or con.Cons:-None of the items are explained very well. You'll basically have to constantly have the wiki open in a different tab to see what everything does. It says what some items do, but not all. The explainations are better than the original's, though.You will sink hours upon hours into this game. The original Isaac was an instant classic, and this is everything a remake SHOULD be. Easily a 10/10. It might seem like I'm praising it too much, but seriously."
76561198090188077,Recommended,250900,13220424,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,peen salad,"A great follow-up to the original. Smoother gameplay, more items, and more characters to play as. Still the best game to play casually or if you have a few minutes to kill."
,Recommended,250900,30408939,Posted: 9 March,all,Usyfu,"450 hours later...meh not enough itemsJk, the game is amazing! Love ya Breadmund!"
76561198067103789,Recommended,250900,12974868,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,obeysumo,"This has been an absolutely stunning, both rework of the original game, as well as a whole new game to play. New items, new synergies, new enemies, new feel! Loved the original, and now play constantly when I can. Its quite the challenge, but so worth it. Please... by all means, buy this game... you won't regret it one bit."
,Recommended,250900,15179630,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,kNgV-,"Accurate Portrayal of a Biblical Story, 10/10"
76561198141872006,Recommended,250900,18998937,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Mindset,"This game is honestly one of the most addicting games I've found to date. It's got a fairly decent progression and it's satisfying to unlock MOST things.(Damnit Lost go home you're drunk)But I would totally recommend it. It's fun and it makes even the grossest things strangely eye pleasing with it's art style. It has much complexity to it and it enjoys messing with you. Plenty of diversity to the game in almost all of it's aspects. Though that brain strangely manages to find it's way into 2/3rds of your playthroughs :PIt's a great game, I love it, and I really think you will too.Buy it for the children, think of the poor children!"
76561198193231831,Recommended,250900,33154040,Posted: 2 July,all,Hans,It's Good!It's Fun!It's Ragman!!!
,Recommended,250900,32899726,Posted: 27 June,all,N亞Gage,"This game is the most replayable, most fun game of all time."
,Recommended,250900,13972393,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,0dds_0f_Even,"Edmund Mcmillen strikes again he's one of the few game devs that really cares about his work & boy did he deliver.He gave us 500+ hours of more gameplay, doesn't run on flash anymore, a new soundtrack to jam to (You still have free will to choose your own music), more monsters to fight, new items to experiment with, more endings to achieve, new Bosses & so many other reasons my addiction to Isaac came back. I have nothing bad to say about this remake except some people will debate about the new art style or the new music but overall I think it's a perfect remake of an already good game.Go buy it now.This review was short because The Binding Of Isaac is god damn addictive, you should know this by now since 2011.Bonus: Some of the awesome tear combos you can make in the remake -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bDdjXfDYVwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoS80fQyEOohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMJ-ZM3t33sBonus 2: Game Theory about Isaac's deathhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avCB6HOjsG4UPDATE: I nominated this game for the “Just 5 More Minutes” Award"
,Recommended,250900,35103385,Posted: 21 September,all,Toman,"I can't believe I haven't written a review for this game already. It's my all time favourite game. So much fun, so much to unlock. I'll never 100% this game, but I'm proud of the amount I've achieved."
,Recommended,250900,12794698,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,CrabbyPenguin,Its like Dark Souls.... But with babies
,Recommended,250900,12811921,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Orange Enigma,"A worthy sequel. Even in its infancy, Rebirth has succeeded in amazing me. Although the core gameplay is the same, the new art, items, and engine make for a refreshing, addicting experience. One I think I will keep coming back to for years to come. The randomization creates endless combinations of items, some of which synergize quite nicely. Overall, I reccomend this to fans of the first, and curious newcomers. Definitely a highlight of my year."
,Recommended,250900,13113550,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Blewdy,"I've been a fan of the binding of issac series ever since it was born on newgrounds. and while binding of issac may get a bit boring after a few runs , I have found myself coming back to play it again and again. the music is great and the controller support is pretty spot on, making your moves more precise and you can dodge faster.Overall. yes. it is just a remake of what we had  from the first game, and while there is so many new items to grab and  bosses to kill. but it is just a remake."
,Recommended,250900,12807524,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jack Napier,666/10.
,Recommended,250900,31304263,Posted: 22 April,all,TheikACR,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥only 2 minutes left to finish caves and depths to get to the boss rush, gotta go fast."
,Recommended,250900,13250308,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,✨ Jumbas ✨,"REROLLED, REROLLED, REROLLED. NONE OF YOU ARE FREE OF SIN."
,Recommended,250900,12829574,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,BangleBoy69,"Like the original, But better, in every way!"
,Recommended,250900,23451533,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[nBn] Kat,"Here's the thing about The Binding of Isaac: it's hard.But it's challengingly hard rather than frustratingly hard, and there's a great feeling of accomplishment when you finally beat a challenge that's been giving you difficulty, or you complete a run with a character you're not too great at. It's hard, but it's more often than not rewardingly hard, and it's a game that really makes you feel like you're getting better at it the more you play it.I don't think there's anything I can say about BoI that hasn't already been said by people more knowledgable on the subject than me, but I tend to shy away from ""hard"" video games, and I really sucked at the original BoI! But Rebirth--and its expansion, Afterbirth--run a lot smoother than the original, and the game is overall a little less frustrating. I think it's a lot of fun--and I've sunk 200+ hours into the game--and the short-ish run times (you can complete a run in anywhere between 30 minutes to an hour, depending on how precise you are in your explorations) means that you don't have to devote a huge chunk of time to a playthrough.Like I said--it's hard. You'll die a lot. But it's one of the more entertaining and rewarding rouge-likes out there, and I think it's more than worth the full retail price given the amount of time you'll spend on it. There's a lot of achievements and a lot of stuff to unlock, if that's what you're into."
,Recommended,250900,25809484,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dr.Noose,This game is absolutely amazing! I cannot stop playing it and i still haven't beaten it yet but if your reading the reviews wondering if you should get this or not DO IT!
,Recommended,250900,12791249,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,pablonde,BEST! GAME! EVER!
,Recommended,250900,17241332,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Eclipse,"Wake up in the basement, find a coat hanger.Jam it through my brain and increase my tears.Come to a room with a sentient pile of poop that drops a pink tiara that gives me a pile of money.Fast forward to the final boss where I fight Mega satan, I have become the wrath of God that showers my enemies with a hail of huge spinning scyths that explode into fire upon impact.Almost kills the biggest baddie of them all just to die from a random enemy he spawned....6.66/10 would become a demonic creature that looks like tim burton's wet dream from hell again."
,Recommended,250900,12790677,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Itachi Uchiha,"First boss I fought was a giant poop named ""Dingle"".10/10"
,Recommended,250900,23934115,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Biff Argyle,"Amazing plot, great twist at the end, but has issues with its replay value.It's my favorite game since Battletoads II Enhanced Edition."
,Recommended,250900,12999023,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Bozu | Akai Suisei,The same game but more and better. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12812201,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,g00mba,"Rebirth has provided me with several insights:1. I was not good at Binding of isaac. I just got a merciful slowdown courtesy of the awful flash engine the previous game had.2. oh look that spider/fly looks very angry! oh♥♥♥♥♥♥it IS angry! oh crap its FAAAAST3. oh look sentient poop! ohh so adorable! oh look a huge pile of sentient poop! why is it screaming? OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS CHARGING AT ME!!! WHY IS IT SO FAST!? it doesnt even have legs !!! IT MAKES NO SENSE WHYY POOP WHYYYY4.wh... what? why is it so dark now? uhh what was THAT!!!!? OMG I CANT RECOGNIZE THE ENEMY IN THE DARK!!! I CANT TELL ITS PATTERN!! OMG OMG I AM FREAKING OUT!!!!5. ahhh Geminis! we meet again! you easy ♥♥♥♥♥. wait why are you fat guy getting that close to me so quick? oh there it goes half of my health. WHY THE HELL IS THE FETUS READING MY MOVEMENT PATTERN AND ANTICIPATING IT?so, yeah, game is good.11/10 would cry at poop to make it stop charging at me again."
,Recommended,250900,17807375,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Jim Guy Tucker,"The Binding of Isaac? More like the Binding of My Soul, to This Game. I can literally only play this game now. No other games will run well on my pc anymore. This game killed my wife. Playing this game is 100% of my electricity usage. They should just call me Real Platinum Guy Tucker instead. Life is suffering.cant wait for afterbirth :DDD"
,Recommended,250900,32561873,Posted: 19 June,all,|Marauder|™,Awesome !!!!!!- poop everywhere- Isaac crying because : no more paper in bathroom- Blood physics and explosion- darkness
,Recommended,250900,16929716,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,OoCharly,This game cured my oedipus complex.
,Recommended,250900,23675524,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Slimm|Linux,"It's awesome. There's a lot of variety, and it's pretty funny sometimes too. Different characters, love that. The game succeeds in making the atmosphere feel right in every single level and room. It works on old computers, great. Music is good. Shop system is good. Everything is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. It's not something i play often, but when i do, I♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the place because im so hyped."
,Recommended,250900,20364340,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ClassySplatter,"No hyperbole, I think The Binding of Isaac Rebirth is one of the best, THE BEST, games available on Steam. Hell, this might be one of the most addicitive and fun games I've played in my life. Everything that made the original Binding of Isaac fun is back, but the game has been polished tenfold, there is so much new content, and it's basically better than the original in everyway.That said, this game is not for everyone. The content and subject of the game is groutsque and dark, and the gameplay is hardcore rougle-like. I think one of three reactions are possible.1. You will find the game disturbing and sick and be put off by the content.2. You won't mind the content but might find the game a bit too hardcore and think it's kind of frustrating and unrewarding.3. You will completely fall in love with it.I firmly am in the third. The new soundtrack is A+. dark, foreboding and brilliant. And with the new expansion, Afterbirth, the game is brimming with soooooo much replay value, words can't describe.HIGHLY reccomend that every person should at least give the game a try. It might not appeal to everyone, but for those it does, there are few rouge likes brimming with more content and fun than this masterpiece.10/10 would kill Satan again."
,Recommended,250900,26031672,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Chef BoyarDean,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth improved on just about every aspect of its predecessor. Better graphics, smoother gameplay, yet just as fun as the original. Tons of replay value, and nearly every run is unique. I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,250900,13658878,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hatty,Awesome game. Never gets boring. Always something new and surprising on every run.
76561198120434779,Recommended,250900,15271608,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,<Insert_Username_Here>,is good game died to poop
,Recommended,250900,13212081,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SleepingCutie,"It's a good game, it has funny elements in it and i like the way everything is looking10/10 would play more <3"
,Recommended,250900,14457834,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dial M for Magill,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a rogue-like with what appears to be a goofy premise, some childish enemies, odd powerups, and at first glance an appearance of a lack of seriousness. Scroll through the provided pictures above, even - you see a crying or smiling baby, little poops, and enemies that look like a 5 year old's idea of ""scary"".Once you being to play this game, however, you will realize the depth and challenge it provides. A power-up system that is insanely deep, enemies that gradually get stronger and stronger to the point that even the most capable gamers will be sweating, and an unreal amount of pull that, after an amazing death in a run (or even after a great victory), gets you to say ""let's go again"", ""let's see what happens THIS time"".This is, by a wide margin, the greatest Rogue-like I have ever played."
,Recommended,250900,14759533,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kecoet,"Just to get this across, this review will be more for those who have played the previous game, in assuming you have played or at least saw a little bit of the previous game.I usually steer away from remakes, as they don't normally add anything NEW to the game, and what little ""graphical changes"" that are done are barely noticable.This is NOT the case with Binding of Isaac: Rebirth.Binding of Isaac was a great, rogue-like indie game, with plenty of items and a few interesting combos that you could pull off.  I believe I have ~24 hours in that game.When Wrath of the Lamb came out, it made it all the better, new items, challenges, etc.  It was nothing short of a wonderful experience hard to find elsewhere.Rebirth, on the otherhand, is a masterpiece.To begin with, the new graphic style that has been added in is beautiful!  I love the slightly pixelated style that comes along with it.  If you don't, and prefer the old style, no problem: there is an option to revert back to that.Rebirth adds countless new rooms to explore, making each run truely feel new and fresh, where the previous would feel quite similar after just a few.There are a rediculous amount of items in Rebirth, both new and old.  Although the majority of the items ARE from the previous, the combos you can pull off now are completely new, and make the items have a new refreshing feel to them.  Nearly every item can combo in some way or another with others, creating some incredibly (OP) hilarious effects.If you happen to be looking for new bosses, they've got that too, as well as the old and memerable ones from before. (I am talking about you Monstro you cute little abomination!)Alright, I think that about concludes that.  I don't believe I have missed anything too terribly.Really, if you enjoyed the previous game, get this.  Don't even hesitate.  It's an amazing upgrade, and with planned future DLC, I am sure it is going to get even better.If you haven't played the previous, all I can say, is if you enjoy roguelike games, then you are looking at one of the BEST ones you can find out there.TLDR: First game that motivated me to aim for completing ALL the achievements.  Get this game if you like roguelike games, as it is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,250900,33946091,Posted: 1 August,all,eos,"This is a game I can never get sick of. It has so much replay value, and since workshop support was added with the new DLC, you can always have a new experience.The gameplay is pretty straightforward, you shoot enemies with your tears, pick up some items, and then shoot enemies with more powerful tears. Keep going till you've defeated one of the major bosses.For someone just starting out with the game, I suggest you simply buy the whole package, with all the DLCs. If you're someone who likes to have concrete endings to stories, and wants to get every achievement, that's what you'll need to do.Despite how good this game is though, it doesn't come without its flaws.I dislike most that came with the Afterbirth+ DLC, except for the workshop support, and that we finally got an ending to the story.Since the addition of booster packs, it seems like a lot less effort is being put into it. There are bugs and CTDs that were never there with the original mods. Not to mention, some of the sprites are a lot uglier than the originals.One of the mods that was added with a booster pack is still receiving updates, so people simply install that version, negating the fact that an older version was already in the game.Regardless, I'd give this game a solid 7/10. Maybe an 8 if some bugs were fixed."
,Recommended,250900,12796208,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mr.Teal,"Fantastic game so far, big BOI fan and this blew my expectations out of the water. Some say this should have been dlc, but I would disagree strongly. I havent encountered any bugs or problems at all which Im very happy about. 15$ is definatly worth it for this, anyone with some extra money in their wallet should think about it. It has great music, awesome items, unique bosses, and intresting gameplay mechanics. I have found they fixed most of the issues people had with the first game, so really theres nothing to complain about.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,25975907,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,TheWATL,"probably my favorite game in the worldendless fun, a lot of challenge, i have played a lot of this game and i have done awesome things, every playtrougth is a new hero that at the endtime i dont want to let go because my choices made it the best in its own way.some times my issac, is invincible an unstoppable killing machine, another time is a tactician, it figths using tecnique not muscle, others he is just lucky because i won a lot of figths just 1 hit away from the dead... well... is like playing the nuzzlocke challenge in pokemon, every hero you make and take to the end is special because is not the same as the one that came before.if i can say something bad about this game is that it is unforgiving, not for the weak of mind or the people with little patience, you are going to lose a lot, and if that bothers you stay away. but if you love a challenge that sometimes is pure luck,  other times is pure skill, sometimes  good  decition making and a lot of times isjust good ol leap of faith, pick this up rigth now.i now what this review says at the top, but remember, that i love this game so much that the steam version is the third time i bougth this game only because i nedeed the DLC, but i already own the 3ds version and the PS4 version, so im quite a veteran of this thing."
76561198092305032,Recommended,250900,29954067,Posted: 15 February,all,DanRid,"I've been playing this game since rebirth first came out, and I can without a doubt say that it is one of the best purchases I have made on Steam. The replayablity of this game is unlimited, and unless you play this game 24/7 then there is always something new to learn about this game. Even after getting both Real Platinum God and 1001%, I still find myself coming back to dive into the basement once again. This game has taken proudly taken the slot of most hours played, and I intend to keep it that way. 10/10 would recomend to anyone who enjoys dungeon crawlers. Thanks to Afterbirth+ the modding community has made this game even more enjoyable. A must buy."
76561198048897322,Recommended,250900,35354666,Posted: 30 September,all,waffles,"The king of rogue style games, The Binding of Isaac:Rebirth.+Simple controls+Intuitive gameplay+Great item/skill progression system+Massive amount of content+Variety of enemies/strategies+Random everything everytime+Multiple characters+Challenging while still remainging accessible+Funny story+To progress you must replay+Always something new to discover+Music+Seeds (custom games)+Multiple endings+Mod support+Amazing community-Depending on resolution, full screen can look badI was very late to the party but I will join in the chorus of praise. I hope everyone who missed this game will discover it and play a classic.  10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13289534,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,InsomniacHeaven,I can't quite figure out what it is....this game makes me want to shoot my brains out but yet I can't stop playing it. I'm in love.10/10(figured I'd review before I shoot brains out)
76561197998259765,Recommended,250900,30331195,Posted: 4 March,all,s`,WOW
76561198001192813,Recommended,250900,14646346,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,McFly,"The Binding of Isaac is one of the most succesfull Indie IP's in current history and many fans awaited the remake/upgrade/sequel with glee, but was it worth it? It's been a few months and it's time for a review, so let's find out.In short:GOOD+ Have you never played Isaac before? No worries, this game is perfect on it's own and needs no previous experience to play.+ Improved graphics and optimalisation make for one hell of a smooth game. I only experienced frame-rate loss ONCE at that was when some pretty crazy stuff was going on.+ Tons of new stuff to experiment with, even with the classic items as many of them have been changed slightly.+ The original Isaac feelings of exploring every floor for every tiny factor that could improve your run is still neatly intact.+ It's hard but not unforgiving or cheap. If you made a mistake it feels like your own instead of a faulty game. Makes you want to get better at it and push on. (Aside from you, Brimstone Wall-spiders. You can all go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves :P)+ I love bosses so they deserve their own mention. And the upcoming DLC promises even more of them, neat!+ New endings and plot elements for those who are interested in Isaac's vague (but interesting) storyline.NOT SO GOOD- Fans of the original's music might be in for a bit of disappointment as many of the scores have been changed, some for the better some for worse depending on taste. Many of the more intense songs have been replaced. Example; the Cathedral no longer has a dooming score but now has some dude using the echo-effect on his micophone trying to sound spooky, which is a REAL downer on the atmosphere sometimes. These arguments shouldn't be dismissed as fanboys being fanboys, as the original had a lot of success due to it's atmosphere, which was very well enforced by the music. In this remake? Not so much, could use improvement imo.- If you thought the original had too many bad items you couldn't work with, expect a bit more of it here. Since there are more then 300 items in the game it get's completely random wether your run is overpowered or complete garbage from begginning to end.- In tow with the last complaint, this game feels even more luck-based then the last one. In classic Isaac I could save a run with bad items using pure gaming skill but now with all the new bosses and enemies? Not so much. You NEED decent upgrades if you want to get through the later chapters. Or maybe I just suck with Rebirth compared to the original, but I kinda doubt that.So if you're a fan of the original you''ll probably like this one. It's another achievement-fest for all of us with OCD and it's a bunch of fun completing everything over a long(er) period of time. If you were a real fan of the original artstyle and music and you think those changes turn you off too much then I won't blame you, as it is a pretty big factor of  the game. But let me just tell you I started to love it just as much when I got used to it, so it's really worth a try!(apart from the Cathedral music, YUCK!)=====================================================Edit: This part of the review has been written after the latest ""update"". The broken fanfest update that gave many old-time fans of the game a bad taste in their mouths.So. For the record:The Binding of Isaac was updated again, adding another 100 achievements, this time even more random then the last. This update has no depth. No symbolism. Everything from the challengs to the items in this update are either 'cool' or 'funny' which turns Isaac from a famous cute-looking game with hidden depths into what could be any other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flashgame with no standards of quality. And that's not even talking about how broken it is. Items, trinkets, rooms and entire FLOORS ahve been reported as bugged. Challenges and achievements not unlocking for many. Even simply installing the dang update brought problems for many people (me not among them) where they couldn't even play the original any more!And guess what? You will never be able to play the original again. Because instead of making this a seperate fan-release. This is an official update that will never be reversed.So I give up, stick your fanmade content up your♥♥♥♥♥Mcmillen, I 100% completed this game 5 times now and you will not trigger my completionist-drive any more. This update forced me to install and use ""Steam Achievement Fixer"" on my PC just to get the 'completed' title again for a game I seriously loved before this, and I kinda hate BOI for forcing me to 'cheat' for the first (and last) time.ALL the games on my completed list are 100% legit, and so are all the achievements including the Isaac ones. (save for the ones added in this last update) ""SAF"" is a tool, but most people use it to cheat. Let it be known I've never used it to cheat, and never will. Mcmillen's greed and lack of quality control made me do this, and it will not be forgotten."
,Recommended,250900,13731545,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Grass is for mowing,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is one of the best games I've played this year. The game is hard, unforgiving, and does NOT hold your hand. But that's the beauty of the game. With amazing level design and fleshed-out upgrades, the game has a huge amount of replayability, because levels are randomly generated each time, with all new upgrades, enemies, and bosses.BoI:R runs extremely well, and I've never had it crash on me. Though it does have a very limited options menu, you probably won't need anything changed too much, because the game looks like an old arcade game (which happens to be an amazing finish for the game) and will run on any machine. Also like an arcade game, the combat is very straightforward, but feels great. It's rich in a very satisfying, yet simple way.You can't forget about the music in this game. It's not phenomenal, no, but it is in no way bad. The music seems to always match what's going on, whether you're fighting a boss, or backtracking for health, the music never seems too exaggerated or underwhelming. It's just right. As well as the normal sounds in the game. They are also very nicely done.The game is also strangly funny. Not an overthetop South Park funny, but more like a sort of random funny, like The Simpsons. In no way is the game an episode of The Simpsons, but it reminds me of that. Just randomness and dumb jokes that are pulled of quite well. The intro cutscene, explaining why Isaac is where he is, is honestly halarious. It had be laughing, which isn't something games do too often. And the gameplay has a few jokes in the way things are played out as well.Characters are very good in this game. There's Isaac, the basic character, but then there are also other characters that you can use as a sort of challenge, like a flying bat that can go over any obstacle, but can't actually hurt any enemies until you lose a heart. And speaking of challenges, there is an entire challenge screen for different ways to play the game, all of them being enjoyable.To wrap things up, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is one of the best games I have ever played. It is bigger and better than the original Binding of Isaac, but it's different enough that it feels like a new game, and not just a rehash. With a cheap price, amazing gameplay, phenomenal level design and changes, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a must own, not just for people who like the arcade genre, but for anyone who enjoys great, unforgiving games that will make you smile while simultaneously making you want to smash your keyboard. The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a 10/10, or perfect game, as far as I'm concerned."
76561198055644807,Recommended,250900,19563775,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Des5011,"As someone that completed this game (yes that is bragging, no I dont feel shame), I think this game is pretty good but i am also able to give a list of the good and bad things that the game trows at you.the good:1. an endless amount of weird sentences to describe your feelings about the items-yay i have cancer-my god doing number 1 and 2 in your mothers stomach is not good for the evil that lives there.-soy milk sucks(not only in game)-thank god I found 3 items of my death cat so i can shoot flies/2. A random generated game that can keep you entertained for hours.3. gameplay is fair in 98% percent of all situations.4. a lot of variations in the items you can pick up.5. A lot of variations in the bosses.6. some of the best final bosses ever created.7. After more then 600 hours i still find unkown rooms every now and then.8. A huge community of players willing to make wiki's and entertaining content for you.9. Gameplay is fun and addicting.10. good runs feel amazingThe bad1: some of the bosses/rooms can be unfair with certain builds.2. despite the huge variation of items, there are a lot of items that just do the same thing.3. some descriptions of items are vague which forces you to look up information on the wiki.(for example guppy's tail says you are cursed, which means you have more chance of dropping chest at then end of a room).4. some bosses fall outside of the difficulty curve(the wretched is way to easy, the haunt way to difficult etc).5. 2 bosses are blatantly unfair(daddy longlegs and mammy gurdy can randomly damage you).6. 2 of the characters after the expansion are incredebly annoying/unfun to complete.7. the expansion made the game way more difficult so it is hard for new players to get into this new gamplay without playing the non expansion first(not really bad, but useful to know).8: bad runs can be frustratingoveral I think this game is probably one of the best roguelike games I ever played and i think it is worth picking this game up if you like this kind of gameplay.(i wouldn't know what to rate it tho)"
,Recommended,250900,15797573,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Enzevil,"This game is so much fun. It has everything the original Binding of Isaac had + Wrath of the Lamb DLC, plus way more! There are so many cool power-ups that every run will have a different but fun experience. In my opinion, this is the best Indie Game out there. Afterbirth DLC is definitely worth it, adds a lot of enjoyable content to the main gamePlayed like 30+ hours on the PS4 version and and still playing on PC."
76561198242347472,Recommended,250900,33167609,Posted: 2 July,all,SaaySlide,"I love it very much, the way it's always different every time you start a new game!"
,Recommended,250900,12927047,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,passthehanky,"everything that was great about the original has been improved and been added to, creating the perfect isaac experience. there are almost double the items, a game's worth of new playable characters, more new bosses than i realised at first, and a few new floors to explore. worth mentioning also, the game now runs in an engine optimized for it, rather than flash. i haven't seen frame dips EVER, and the game runs buttery smooth at 60fps always. it's fantastic, and i can see myself spending hundreds more hours playing this one. good on you, nicalis."
,Recommended,250900,20778279,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"""The most fun you'll ever have with feces, bile, dead babies, and deformed genitalia monsters!""- Thomas JeffersonPerhaps the most twisted game I've ever played, The Binding of Isaac rolls everything that offends you into one fun little actiony rogue-like package.  Dead babies?  Check.  Religious blaspheming?  Check.  A variety of cameos by urination and defecation?  Double check.Surprisingly, this game that seems to try overly hard to offend every person in existence is actually a ton of fun.  The controls are smooth, gameplay is challenging but fair, and there are a crazy number of stat and ability altering items to discover.  When you throw in randomly generated dungeons each time you play, you have a game that will keep you occupied for a long time.If you're easily grossed our and/or offended, or take mild offense to anything, you may want to stay away from this game because it will find a way to make you uncomfortable.  If you enjoy action RPG-lites and roguelikes or are particularly interested in going balls deep into content that probably offends a lot of people, good news, this game might be for you!"
76561198029934941,Recommended,250900,12804234,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Tanvage,"Only game I know, where you can kill your own mother with Bible, when you are one eyed vampire with lion's mane with army of kids.10/10"
76561198004373168,Recommended,250900,28394186,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Elbub,"After the disappointment of finding out that the original game didn't work properly on Windows 10, I was delighted to see that this was avaliable. As good, if not better, than the original."
76561198029312707,Recommended,250900,31080837,Posted: 11 April,all,yashiwashi,I'm trash but it's still a good game
,Recommended,250900,13136690,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Full Retro,"Touched a fly, and it turned into golden poop.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,29421574,Posted: 22 January,all,FMJ,This game never ends.FML11/10
76561198080373710,Recommended,250900,27898667,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zerefe,After a couple of hours of game play i can actualy say this Best Game Ever .
,Recommended,250900,12797713,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,K3W3L,"Edmund McMillen is a freaking genius,Part 2 Redux.K3W3L's GOTY 2014The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the remake that we've all been waiting for. If you thought thatthe game that it's a remake ofwas already stellar, this game, for the most part, pushes the boundaries even further.Well, only in some categories. In others (like graphics), I felt the new-style pixel graphics were disappointing compared to the original. Now I know Edmund himself said he was disappointed with the old graphics since Isaac looks deformed, but I feel the slightly lopsided Isaac gives a certain charm and home-made (homely? I don't quite know how to properly describe it!) feel to it. Other than that, everything looks a lot more polished. And for what it's worth, almost all the enemies look nearly identical to their old versions!The new music - well, it does fit the creepy ambience that the game now projects. Technically, itwasalways a rather creepy ambience, but the new graphics and the new music makes it feel even more so. I'm not saying the music is bad - quite the contrary, it's quite groovy to listen to actually. However, having been brought up on the first Binding of Isaac, I still miss Danny Baranowsky's work and give it a spin sometimes.With that said, everything else is impressive. There's a larger variety of items and effects - some being hilariously detrimental (new pill effect R U A WIZARDwhich gives you 45 degree spread shots) and some being incredibly awesome (new item Leechthat attacks enemies and leeches their health - awesome!). New hard mode, new characters, new monsters, even seeded runs (well, I kind of know how it works now). It even runs at 60FPS so it feels a lot smoother than the original Isaac - no more lag due to Flash. This opens up a new realm of crazy synergies that are overpowered. (And, of course, low-powered combinations that no one gives a damn about because they are terribly weak. Haha!)There are also quite a few interesting secrets to find in this game. One such secret is a special character that can only be unlocked by dying in different manners in a row (I won't spoil it here, go Google or something). Although Edmund and Tyrone (Rodriguez, from Nicalis) aren't quite happy that this secret was discovered quite fast due to data mining, it's quite obvious that there's a lot of love and care put into this game to implement some of the craziest secrets that can be found here.But, most important of all, underneath all the new flashy exterior is the game we still know and love - our favourite dungeon-crawling RPG-shooting roguelike. Conceivably better in nearly every aspect, it feels refreshing to play Isaac all over again, after having put it down after beating the first one. At the same time, it meant I felt incredibly rusty after having being off Isaac for so long!When to buyWell worth the $15 price tag slapped onto it. Don't hesitate to pick it up! Of course, you'll also get more bang for your buck if you get it while it's on sale, but come on, just buy it at maximum price and support the developers!NOTE: Afterbirth DLC has been released. Definitely amust-buytoo. Afterbirth+ is also incoming soon. :)10/10(Wow, a perfect score totally uninfluenced by bonus points! It's just that good.)"
76561198109734847,Recommended,250900,33138911,Posted: 2 July,all,wh3r3myw33dg0,Great game
,Recommended,250900,12824553,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,¤Soarin'¤,"This game is definitely worth the hype. I had a bit of suspision that this game could just be the same game as before, but as I play more and more of it, the Binding of Isaac: Rebirth seems like a whole new game and I am getting that feeling that I first got when I started learning about and playing the regular Binding of Isaac. Of course, replay value will be awesome again. Also, I was worried that I wouldn't like the pixel art after watching numerous videos before this game actually came out. However, after playing the game for 15 minutes, I can say I don't mind the art. To top it all off, this game runs at a beautiful 60 FPS; so eye-pleasing. So yeah, good game. I recommend it!Update: I can back up this review by saying after going back to the regular Binding of Isaac after playing this version, the old Binding of Isaac feels very outdated and looks and runs horribly compared to Rebirth."
76561198042808248,Recommended,250900,30356572,Posted: 6 March,all,Wactok,Good game if you need some time to kill.
,Recommended,250900,12865148,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Tamamo-no-Mae,"Let me start off with saying this game is not for everyone.It is hard,punishing,and sometimes comes down to just plain dumb luck. That being said it is a great game the dungeons are all procedurally generated  so you're never doing the same thing twice. on top of this all the loot you find are interesting and can change the way you fight dramatically.The boss fights are also very  fun and a great challenge heck you get to fight a giant pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥which happened to also be one of the hardest early boss's for me.The art for this game is great its all terribly grotesque and disturbing even some of the loot you get can make whatever character you are playing as look just grotesque and hard to look at. But like I said this is a game that is not for everyone if you don't like rogue-like games and very punishing games then this is not for you but on the other hand if you love these things like me then this game is a must have.On a side note for those who played the first game this not only improves on those features but is arguable better than the first."
,Recommended,250900,12857029,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,BlackXdragon,What can I really say more then what everyone else is already saying? The original was a very fun game and I fell in love with it. With Rebirth I am getting that same love and adding a whole bunch more content with some graphical upgrades. This will be a game that never gets taken off my harddrive.***Update***Still installed and still playing. Loving this game!
,Recommended,250900,12798797,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Echoiness R. Dragonsith,"So far, its incredible. the items work together much more smoothly, the gameplay is insane and fun, i cant tell what the hell is going on almost half the time and i love it.buy this game.buy it."
,Recommended,250900,12827486,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Kanga.exe,"Addictive, fun, rewarding and challenging.If you like the orignal Binding of Isaac youll love this, and if you havent played the first one this game is where you should"
,Recommended,250900,32795946,Posted: 25 June,all,[KP] Hamburgosa :3,"If you're here for a review, well too bad!Instead, I'm gonna teach you how to make some good ol' meatballs!So, Lets get started:Meatballs are easy to make, versatile and a great all-round crowd-pleaser. Here, we show you how to make them.They’re perfect in homemade tomato sauce, served with spaghetti, rice, mashed potatoes, polenta or a nice chunk of crusty bread. They’re easy to freeze, too – why not whip up a double batch and pop the leftovers in the freezer, ready to add straight to the pan for a quick weeknight dinner?Meatballs are at their best when you use a mixture of meat, such as beef or veal and pork, to really maximise the flavour and texture. Combine with breadcrumbs, egg yolk and your preferred herbs and spices and you’ll have the makings of a nutritious, firm family favourite.These meatballs with a sweet, chilli-spiked tomato sauce serve four people. Get your shopping list here, then follow the simple steps below. A little tip to make your life much easier; wet your hands before you start rolling your meatballs to stop the meat sticking to them.HOW TO MAKE MEGA MEATBALLS EVERY TIMETo make the tomato sauce, peel and finely chop 1 small onion. Place in a pan over a low heat with a splash of olive oil, cover and cook until really soft. Increase the heat, bash and add 1 small fresh chilli, then pour in 1 x 400g tin of plum tomatoes and 1 wineglass of waterSeason lightly and cook gently for 30 minutes, then break up the tomatoesWhiz 2 stale slices of bread (crusts removed) in a food processor. Place in a large bowl with 250g each of quality minced beef or veal and higher-welfare minced pork. Separate and add 1 egg yolkFinely chop and add the leaves from 1 sprig of fresh rosemary and a few fresh sage leaves. Finely grate in the lemon zest and ½ teaspoon of fresh nutmeg, then scrunch and mix with wet handsSeason and shape into little balls – roughly the size of gobstoppersAdd 3 to 4 tablespoons of olive oil to a hot pan. Brown the meatballs all over, but be careful not to break them upAdd them to the pan with the tomato sauce, stir carefully, cover, and braise gently for 45 minutes or until cookedServe each portion with rice or crusty bread, scattered with a few raw peas, pecorino shavings and fresh marjoram leaves, if you like.Follow this basic principle and you’ll be whipping up meatballs in no time at all. When you get the hang of it, tweak the flavours to what you like best – try adding parsley, garlic and even grated Parmesan for an indulgent twist or swap out the meat altogether and use fish instead. Enjoy!"
76561198043444944,Recommended,250900,15793378,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Bwar,Step 1: pick up bobs brainstep 2: get a bunch of good itemsstep 3: get polyphemusstep 4: shoot at a maggot that's touching youstep 5: die because bobs brain blew you upstep 6: murder someone in ragestep 7: profit
,Recommended,250900,30148017,Posted: 24 February,all,Xhoomer,"I prefer it more than original The Binding of Isaac. Runs smoother, more dynamic, and it's really cool. Best birthday gift ever. 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,12807663,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,lil styg,Never thought I would say ''Yes! I got Cancer''.10/10
,Recommended,250900,12835972,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,3pic Sexy Calvin,10/10killed my own mother by farting on her leg and her heart
,Recommended,250900,21218078,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Metro Retro | gamekit.com,"Basic InformationTitle: The Binding of Isaac: RebirthGenre: ActionDeveloper: Nicalis, Inc. ,	Edmund McMillenPublisher: Nicalis, Inc.Release Date: 4 Nov, 2014Basic OverviewThis is probably one of the best Rogue-lite games that I have ever played on Steam. It has so much variation and randomness, but not too much that it gets annoying and that you rage and uninstall the game. It has varies amounts of items, special abilities, cards and enemies which makes it have high Replay value. Along with the randomly generated dungeons this game is truly is the best Rogue-lite game I have ever played.Game PlayThis game has so much to talk about so get ready for a fairly long review.  This game has such variety that it's hard to talk about every single detail about this game, so I will break down the Game Play header into other sub categories.Basic Game PlayThis game has a simple way to play. You move with WSAD and you can shoot with the arrow keys. This is such a good choice on controls as you can move in one direction and shoot in another. The way that the controls work and respond quickly is really needed when playing a game as difficult as this. The story is pretty basic, but fits really well with the game play and has purpose and reason why you are doing what you are doing. Your mum has a message from god that she must prove herself to him and kill you, Isaac. You over hear this and you run to the corner and quickly slip down into the basement to avoid death. Now you must fight through each floor, avoiding loads of enemies, collecting useful (or maybe not useful) items to help you along the way. This is very fitting for the story and I like it a lot. There is also a huge amount of replay ability because of the randomly generated dungeons that you run through. This means that there are almost an infinite amount of runs that will all be different and will play out differently. This really does pull the played in and want to play 'one' more run. Then it turns into a few more runs until you kill mum. Really grabbing, and really good at wanting you to play more of the game. Something else that the game offers are challenges, and some of these are really hard to complete. I would recommend getting used to the basic game before getting into any of these challenges as some of these are just too difficult to complete.Enemies, Bosses & ItemsAs I mentioned in the Overview of this review there is a really huge amount of variety of this game. When it comes to enemies, bosses and items then this game really has dedicated it's time and effort to these 3 things. There are several different types of areas that you could be in. Along with themed enemies, and some enemies that I really have no clue what they are, it really sets the tense atmosphere when you are getting near the end of the run. When you are on that last half a heart of life and you are really far in the run you feel really tense. Some of the items that you can collect will do a various amount of things, such as increase your defence, increase your life, gives you a friend, gives you eternal life ect the list just goes on and on for what your character can collect. There are also some chances that you have to take, such as pills that you find. These pills will have a random effect, whether it will increase your attack, decrease your speed, give you bombs again there is a massive amount of things that these pills will do. It just adds more risk:reward. If you are prepared to take the risk of possibly decreasing your attack but might increase your speed then go ahead. I normally just leave these as they only give you a small amount of either good or bad things that only really make the game a little bit different. Then there are things such as cards which you can use and are a bit like pills, but you can see the picture of the card and the name. So if you can memorize what the cards do then you can use them to your advantage. Lastly I will talk about the great variety of bosses that are in this game. At the end of every dungeon you will have to defeat a boos to proceed. This is also a randomly selected boss which makes the game even better and just adds to the high replay value! This game is just so good!Score (Out Of 10): 10 - High replay value, brilliant variation and randomly generated dungeons, this is what you want in a Rogue-liteGraphics/Art StyleThe art style for this game is really nicely down, and really fits well with the atmosphere and the game play in general. I especially like the simplicity of the opening cut scene of the game, the graphics are just simply black and white as the cut scene plays. The main art style of the game is really colourful. I really like the art style because it's not too cartoony that it looks childish, and it's not too serious to make it look patronising. Its just right, and really fits with game play.Score (Out Of 10): 10 - really simplistic and fitting graphics, really suits the game well.MusicThe music for this game is really good, I really like the soft music when you are just normally roaming around the dungeons, and then the drastic change once you enter a boss room. It really makes the battles more intense and on each dungeons floor. Once you kill the boss there is a certain feeling that you feel really accomplished about yourself, but you know that there is still more to go.Score (Out Of 10): 10 - really nice use of music to make the boss battles more intenseConclusionI would recommend this game to anyone who likes Rogue-lite, difficult games with very high replay value. There are so many different runs that can happen that you never really get bored of the game. You just want to come back wanting to play another game, and then maybe do a challenge, and then another normal run. It's a endless cycle of fun. Highly recommended to all Rogue-lite and difficult fans!For more reviews on a wide range of games, go and followLot's O Giveaway'scurator grouphere."
,Recommended,250900,33139030,Posted: 2 July,all,Pandzius,good game 10/10 best graphics how do i start the game again ?
,Recommended,250900,18676880,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Karayao,I HATE CURSE OF BLIND!!!I HATE CURSE OF BLIND!!!I HATE CURSE OF BLIND!!!IMPORTANT THINGS SAY THREE TIMES!!!
,Recommended,250900,12795337,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Phantomazing,"This game is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥No, really. Like, this game makes me cry on a pile of feces. Not joking here. It's gameplay.Overall, great game, badass soundtrack, and a nice pulse of life to BoI. I give this game a yes/10."
,Recommended,250900,27768953,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kerøsene,"This is without a doubt, one of the best games of the “Roguelite” genre. It combines a dark and disturbing story with gameplay akin to the top-down Legend of Zelda titles also including elements of body horror, RNG, dark and lowbrow humour, gambling, and occasional bullet-hell.The bare bones of the gameplay involve exploring the floors of a random-generated dungeon, killing monsters in each room, collecting various items to aid in your travels and unique pick-ups that may alter your appearance and grant you new abilities. At the end of each floor you’ll face a boss, and upon defeating each boss, you can reap your reward and descend to the next floor. Lather, rinse, repeat.The gameplay starts off fairly simple but the deeper you delve into it, the more complex it becomes with the addition of the enormous variety of pick-ups, unlockables, enemies/bosses, shops, treasure rooms, devil rooms, angel rooms, various risk/reward rooms, hidden rooms and many other secrets within the game. Every run is guaranteed to be a different experience and this only adds to the game’s near-endless replay value (I should also add that it is worth picking up the “Afterbirth” DLC as it adds so much more great content to the game).One thing worth noting is the importance of item/pick-up synergies. You will find many pick-ups as you progress through the game; a lot of which have interesting results when combined. You could potentially become very over-powered, but it’s also worth noting that not every pick-up has positive effects. It’s possible you could find something that gives you negative traits, ruins a good pick-up synergy or inflicts a handicap upon you, potentially ruining your run. You’ll get better at judging which items to avoid and which make for great combinations. Oh and of course if the RNG gods are feeling generous.If you like the sound of all that, then I highly recommend purchasing the game. You won’t be disappointed!10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13582880,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,rgk,"Rebirth is both a sequel and a remake to the original Isaac and its expansion.I find it better balanced, there is more variety, it flows better.I just didn't like the pixel art because there is too much scaling, as if it was just bad resolution and not like the beautiful modern pixel-art. It gets better with the filter, but not as smooth as the original game.The music is also controversial, less melodic and hypnotizing than the original, but it has some great tracks and a lot of depth. Too bad that some tracks, like the one for the Caves, are dull and boring.If you have never played Isaac, this is why this game is so good:The atmosphere is unique and daunting, the procedural elements allow for very unique and different playthroughs each time thanks to the huge variety of items and the modifying effects they have on the game. Most importantly, the enemies are very well crafted, probably the best in any game I have seen as they all have different behavior, strength, weakness and patterns, and they have a huge impact on the gameplay."
,Recommended,250900,14811458,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Jav1,For some reason I can't stop playing this game. Very addictive.
,Recommended,250900,13260631,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,bledking,"Everything the original should've been and more. This is the crown jewel of action roguelikes, a true test of skill and sound decision making. One of the best games of its time."
,Recommended,250900,25306033,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,LFS | Poop da Woop,+Fun core gameplay with loads of variety provided by item combinations.-Clearing the hardest runs to unlock the best items is mostly achieved through luck in finding the right items early on.  It gets tedious.+You'll have plenty of good times before you get to that point.
76561198105907057,Recommended,250900,14261855,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,JustTheKrys | trade.tf,"- For 14.99 you will have alot of fun- The Pixel Art is amazing- 400+ Items- 20-30+ bosses- Allot of enemies- 15+ Easy, normal and hard chalenges- 10+ difrent charecters with difrent stats and items10/10"
76561198114618474,Recommended,250900,22329218,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,✪ Sin,it has a lot of replayability you will get hours of fun.
76561198067156512,Recommended,250900,13173492,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bookercatch,"Lost My Friends,A Lot Of Parties,Fought With Family And gf But Achieves ""Mama´s boy"" And Defeat All The Final Bosses In Hard Mode10/10 It Was Ok-ign"
,Recommended,250900,13661821,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TonyaTM,"""Just one more run"", I said. ""This might bethe one™"", I said.Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, with its randomly generated floors and sometimes punishing levels is extremely addictive. A very good blend of both top-down shooter and RPG, as well as skill and random luck.Oh, and there's permadeath. And poop. Lots o' poop.10/10, would put Devil Room items on credit again."
,Recommended,250900,13412792,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,spiders suck
,Recommended,250900,13669543,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spøøker,Needs more dead babies
76561198023422425,Recommended,250900,13130751,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Lt_Disco,"I cannot recommend this game enough. $15 is a steal when you consider the amount of playtime you will get out of it. It is easily in my top 10 games of all time. The Binding of Isaac Rebirth is essentially a reboot of Isaac Classic, a rogue 2D action RPG shooter, with new enemies, bosses, items, item synergies, floors, and rooms. I've always found that this game expertly balances punishment and reward, as the items you get and the floors you must fight through are randomly generated. Playing skillfully and weighing your options on a floor (i.e. whether to expend bombs or keys to possibly get items) are also crucial, allowing you to control your fate in BoI to some degree. You will have runs that are nearly impossible to beat. You will have runs that will be over on the 2nd floor because of some ridiculously overpowered item/item synergy. You will have runs where you are BARELY powerful enough to beat the game, in which you can pat yourself on the back for playing tactically. Through a mixture of success and failure you will find a drive to continue playing. Games that evoke such a drive are few and far between.9.5/10"
76561198125932122,Recommended,250900,15542219,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,beano1920,Literally the most addictively fun game I have ever played in my life. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,250900,13048907,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,CFW | Roberto Del Fuego,"I really wish there was a button to say ""HOLY MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥BUY THIS GODDAMN GAME ITS SO ♥♥♥♥IN GOOD"".Not even those words express my love for Rebirth.If you liked the original Isaac, then why are you reading this?  You probably already have rebirth, and if you don't then get it right now, just click up there to add it to checkout and get it.  Its the new-and-improved Isaac.  Just go.If you DON'T have the original Isaac and have absolutely no idea what an Isaac is, i shall fill you in.The original Binding of Isaac was released early September 2011 for steam for 5 bucks.  And for about a year, it was the best goddang thing that was worth 5 bucks on steam.  It's a top-down, Zeld-esque twinstick Rogue-Lite made by the man behind Super Meat Boy and Time ♥♥♥♥, Edmund Mcmillen.  It follows the story of a little boy named Isaac who must defend himself from his deranged mother who apparently has been told by God that Isaac is full of sin and must be sacrificed to God to be saved.  Isaac escapes to his basement and thats where you begin.And you will not believe the literal♥♥♥♥♥♥you find.Lost brothers and sisters, mutated and deformed beyond recognition, all sorts of deadly and creepy creatures, all out for your head on a silver platter.  And you have to cry on them to kill them.  The orignal Isaac is a demented, sick, balls-to-the-walls hard game that tests your skill, strategy, reflexes, and most of all, your sanity.  Each level is randomly generated, so never expect things to go exactly the same each time.  One room may be very simple, while the next is crazy difficult.  But still, the game tends to get progressively harder the farther down you go.  The further down you go, the weirder and creepier enemies you meet, the more difficult bosses you have to kill, and more and more you literally delve into the madness of a naked 2-3 year old boy forced to horribly kill all these creatures. Backed by a wonderful soundtrack from the master himself Danny Baranowsky, playing Isaac was nothing short of an experience.  Thankfully, the levels arent the only thing random.  You'll find items progressively throughout each run, each one changing isaac both stat-wise and look-wise, turning him slowly in your own personal Rob Zombie photo.  Some are good, some are bad, some are weird, some break the game, some break your chances at the game, but all of them can be used in an interesting and useful way.  Each run is made that much more interesting by the items you get, and it makes the game that much more fun.  But the game retains its diffuclty all the way, never letting up.  Speaking of runs, thats also one of Isaacs main mechanics.  The game is meant to be played multiple times, as each run usually lasts from 20-40 minutes depending on how far you go.  Most early runs can unlock bunches of new items and characters to play as, each character a good amount different from the rest.The Binding of Isaac quickly became an underground hit, and soon enough the Roguelike had been reborn thanks to its incredible success.  It became so successful that an expansion was released, Wrath of the Lamb, adding nearly a hundred new items, alternate stages, new end-game levels, and even more enemies and bosses out to kill you.However, Edmund believed that, now with Isaacs popularity shown, the game hadn't experienced the concepts full potential, probably due to the original version being made in only a few months.  The game needed to be remade, redone, reimagined.Rebirthed.Over the course of 2 years, Edmund worked with Nicalis' own Tyrone Rodriguez and many at Nicalis and even some in the Isaac community(like Spider, who was one of the first to study Isaacs internal coding and created Spidermod) to create the ultimate Isaac experience.  The game was rebuilt from the ground up with a new engine, remodeled in 16 bit-style graphics instead of the originals Flash and MS Paint look, and made to fix and improve everything from the original.  Matthias Bossi, the narrator from the original Isaac, and Jon Evans of Ridiculon, worked together to make a completely new and improved soundtrack, and the result was Binding of Isaac: Rebirth.The greatest roguelike in history.Rebirth is faster, crazier, and even more amazing than the original isaac.  The new engine runs at an amazing 60FPS 100% of the time, removing any old problems with lag-spikes due to Flash.  Over a hundred new items added, a lot of them interesting and sometimes hilarious upgrades that make runs that much more fun.  Double the amount of horrifying Lovecraftian monstrosities to kill and be killed by.  More stages and extra endings to get a full view of the Isaac storyline.  And to add upon that, you can avoid going alone.  Local Co-op, well made to suit Rebirth and extremely fun for a pair of friends out to conquer Heaven or Hell.  Everything in Rebirth is improved, many items getting buffed, new mechanics adding depth to the game, bunches of new rooms to learn, and loads of crazy new synergies between new and old items.To put it simply, Rebirth is the ultimate roguelike experience.  If you want to delve into the weird and never go back, if you want to learn the many ways how a awesome game is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥, if you want to sacrifice your 3 life containers in a deal with Edmund to one single game, make that game Binding of Isaac: Rebirth."
,Recommended,250900,12800519,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[d3rr1naut],"Already being a very big fan of the old Binding of Isaac. I was so excited when I heard about this remake. I was waiting for months for this release.I honestly didn't care about the graphic change, i think its nice to see something different and I think I would even be disappointed if they didnt put the effort in a graphic change. It's a remake, so I also kinda expected a graphic overhaul.Played for sometime I immediatly fell in love with the new ""feel"" of the game. Overall a smoother game experience.The thing that really annoyed me in the old game were the small hiccups that occured, or even that the game crashed when it was loading a XL floor, to me, a feeling that the old game truly was at its flash limits.Can't w8 to see all the combinations and unlocks possible. I'm sure that if you liked the old game, this game is a big improvement.PS. Only downside though are the crashes the come with the release.. When you read in the community about the keyboard error (getting stuck and have to replug every 10 sec, I had the same with the Logitech G110) messing with options.ini was indeed the fix..."
,Recommended,250900,12840722,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,MasterLuigi452,This game became my second best game of the year as soon as I pressed WASD key. It's that good.....and Transistor takes my first place of that spot.
76561198026245942,Recommended,250900,12849329,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,sG | Jeff the Flying Shark,"This game is a big step above the original. If u hated the bad framerate, but still loved the original this is what you want. Over 450 items added tons of new enemies and bosses, and of course tons of new secrets. I recommend this game to anyone that loved the original and are into rougelike games. This game is worth the purchase 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13230390,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Phntaa,Infanticide! <3
,Recommended,250900,18598118,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Zyba 불운한,It's okay.
76561198096294607,Recommended,250900,13216260,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Judas,"After playing the original Binding of Isaac, I wasn't overly pleased. I mean it was good don't get me wrong but it's deffently wouldn't be something I'd play for more than 5 hours and get board and never play it again.But Rebirth on the other hand... good god it's amazing!Not only it added more bosses and items, but it took everything I disliked about the original Binding of Isaac and improved improved apon it!If you played the original Binding of Isaac and wasn't overly impressed by it and your not sure if you should get this or not, GET IT! You won't be disapointed!"
,Recommended,250900,31058495,Posted: 10 April,all,Dr. Evil,"This game is fantasic. Having had it not only on PC, I've gathered around 60 hours on the Binding of Isaac Rebirth and Afterbirth Plus. The point of the game is that you're dropped into your randomly generated basement and have to horde off monsters from all shapes and sizes by crying on them with your tears, until you get to the end of your run, where at the start you beat your Mom, and other end bosses that come afterwards. The thing that makes this game so good is the randomisation of every single run. You never, ever know what you're going to get with this gem of a game. One run, you might destroy every enemy in a room in seconds, with a massive laser, and another you may have tears similar to a machine gun, but with poor damage. This game with all the DLC included has over 600 items, and 1000s of room types. This game can suck up 100s, if not 1000s of hours of your time. I completely recommend this game to ANYBODY."
,Recommended,250900,14131716,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,The Awesome Fail,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is an all around amazing game. It takes what made the original Binding of Isaac a great game and multiplied that by a number so big it can't even be pronounced. The gameplay is a dungeon crawler, much like the original Legend of Zelda, where you, as Isaac, go around collecting items as upgrades in order to continue further down into the basement. What really makes this game is that every trip to the basement is unique. Not once will you have an exact same run (besides seeded runs), making each time you play feel unique and fresh. As you progress and get better at the game, the game starts turning the difficulty up, so you always have a nice challenge. The graphics, although not really important, has a 16 bit style which looks quite nice. My only real complaint is the music, which is mostly ambiance. Although fitting, it's not everyone's cup of tea, which thankfully, a little bit of modding always helps.Overall, if you like the original game, buy this game. If you loved the original game, buy this game. If you hated the original game, buy this game. If you are alive and exist in the universe, buy this game."
,Recommended,250900,14571302,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[Otaku] Heavenly Zeta,Though this game will drive to throw your keyboard across the room its a very fun and addicting game where you just can't get enough of being inside your mom you sicko
,Recommended,250900,19273201,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,shin,"A delightful adventure through a little boy's traumatized, nightmarish psyche!Hundreds of grotesque monstrosities and demented items await!Can anyone recommend a therapist?"
76561198194601228,Recommended,250900,19211608,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Pirana,The best game I have ever played in my life so far. I enjoyed it so much I made my profile a shrine to it. All hail isaac.Update: Where the update at brah
76561198111731232,Recommended,250900,19226789,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Boo Bear,Very replayable and all around fun and with dlc it only gets better there is a ton of enemies/bosses items and secrets and the game has so many combos of items to pick up you will almost never get the same items in the same run but i must warn you the game is more difficult than it may seem.
,Recommended,250900,19435284,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GrowDenFry,Insanely Addictive.
,Recommended,250900,17857254,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Travanoid,"Awesome game, every run provides something fresh."
76561198208978297,Recommended,250900,18567979,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,SIXTY9INCHNAILS,this game is amazing and its the most fun ive ever had
,Recommended,250900,19135628,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Zangston,"Even though I am horrible at this game, it's incredibly addicting. With the Afterbirth DLC, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is quite literally the best rogue-like game on the gaming market even though it already was. The diversity of items and trinkets is overwhelming, with tons of hours of gameplay. Although this game isn't too focused on its graphics, the gameplay is smooth and seamless, along with an amazing soundtrack that I could comfort myself with. A lot of the monsters are disgusting, which adds more feeling to the game, and I simply love shooting tears at enemies and seeing them explode in blood and meat.I enjoy playing The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth and would recommend it to a friend."
76561198043190871,Recommended,250900,19164593,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,¡¡►Kirito Kirigaya◄¡¡,"Great game, i am enjoying it greatly and planning to stuff much more hourse into it ."
,Recommended,250900,13084993,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,NameNoMatter,"The Binding of Isaac Rebirth. This game was hyped by almost an endless amount of people. For good reason too! The original game, made by Edmund McMillen, at the time famous for Super Meat Boy (a game that only I appear to dislike), is a dungeon crawler based on the biblical story of the same name. In the biblical story, Isaac is the son of Abraham, and God requires a sacrifice to prove Abraham's loyalty. As Abraham is about to sacrifice his son, God sends an angel to stop him. So, the story of Binding of Isaac is that Isaac is a small boy who lives with his mother. His mother likes to watch Christian television, while Isaac draws pictures, and plays with toys. One day his mother hears the voice of God, saying that Isaac is corrupted by evil. She takes all his toys and stuff away from him. Again, she hears God. He says that he is still corrupted, and that he must be condemned from the Earth. She locks him in his room and he's not allowed to come out. For the final time God contacts his mother and demands she kills Isaac. She gets a kitchen knife, and goes to kill Isaac, but Isaac escapes through a trapdoor under his rug, which leads to the basement. That is where the game starts.Now that that is out of the way, I'm going to go through pros and cons. This is my second time reviewing this, so if you saw the first one, I have changed it.Pros:+Gameplay. Binding of Isaac Rebirth is a dungeon crawler that is heavily reminiscent of the Legend of Zelda. It borrow a lot of aspects from it. If you liked the dungeon stuff in the Legend of Zelda, odds are you will like this. This game also is a nice balance of luck and skill. Luck is what items you get, and skill is how you use them.+Music. At first I didn't really like the music, but it really has started to grow on me.+Graphics. I hate the 16 bit graphics of this game, so why is this a positive? Because if you mozy your way over to the options, you can turn on a filter, which makes it less 16 bit. It's not the cartoony style of the original, but it's not the 16 bit of the Legend of Zelda.+Items. SO MANY ITEMS!+Never expected this to be on my positives, Lemon Mishap! That's right, the bane of the original, is now one of my favorite items. Hear me out! Hear me out! Lemon Mishap in this game forms a circle bigger than Monstro, which does massive damage to enemies, but only stays around for a couple of seconds. It is still a spacebar item, so it really makes you strategize with it.+Saving!Negatives:-Sound effects. Well not everything can be a winner. The sound effects are more less childish, which doesn't fit the game. Isaac's damage taking sound is a 5 year old going ""Eeeehhh"" and sometimes an enemy will shoot and make a sound more or less like ""Pfft"".-Death. I do like permadeath, but I don't like the after effects. I.E. starting a new game. Like I said, I like permadeath, but every time I die, I don't feel like I'm becoming my normal self after being a giant monster, I feel like I'm a giant monster with all my cool abilities taken away. It's hard to explain really. Think GTA V. You have every gun, and body armor, and then when you die, you lose all of your guns except for your pistol. It doesn't feel like you are becoming normal, it feels like your being downgraded.So, what will I give this game? 8/10. Solid game, definitely deserving of being called a Binding of Isaac game."
,Recommended,250900,21213869,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,JoJo,"Never once has a game made me so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yet so satisfied to play it. This game truely is unique in the way that its difficulty works. As in, most of the game is rouge based luck. Most deaths are caused either by a run not going well, or a bullet hell boss. I love this game to death simply because of its insane replay value. To quote the descripton ""no two runs are ever the same"". Buy this game. Buy it now. Also buy afterbirth, as it adds tons of new content."
76561198091012764,Recommended,250900,32195506,Posted: 5 June,all,NSX112,"I haven't played much of Rebirth, but I've put hours into the original and I can already say Rebirth is a huge improvement on an already fantastic game.  The added content expands the game enormously and the engine runs so much smoother."
,Recommended,250900,23088332,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Excellent Fish,"Originally on March 4, 2015, I achieved 100%. I felt really proud. Then they released DLC.Finally today I got that last achievement, and I'm ready to review. Again.I want to write a really good review for this game, but I really don't know what to say.The game is hard, no denying that. There's plenty of characters to unlock and choose from, hundreds of items, (some number that I don't know what to round it to) of enemies, and an infinite number of randomly generated games. Nothing is as fun as finding a new item, and seeing what it did to your attack, or your defense, or passively, or whatever it did. The only thing more fun is seeing how it synergizes with your other items.Some things in the game might be unfair, but the game is constantly getting tweaks and fixes to balance things behind the scenes. Having a game that gets small, unnoticed updates that can really fix a huge problem seem a lot better than large, glossy updates that have bugs behind all the new features.The music, a lot of people have mixed feelings about. It's no Danny Baronowski, but it isn't bad. It does set the tone of the game well, but it definitely is a different tone compared to the old game. Good or bad, that's hardly something to worry about. If you want the old music, there's a mod for that. If you don't want the music at all, there's a mute button for that too.Talking about comparing the old game to the new game, the graphics are for sure something to talk about. I remember this being a huge issue back when the game was coming out, and everyone was angry at the new art style. I stood on the middle ground. A full pixel art style game didn't seem right for a game like this, and I was used to the old style. Luckily they listened to this and added a filter option to make the art seem less ""right angled"", and that's what I love and use.In the end though, I'm really glad they went for a new style, since it opened up opportunities to make the environments and enemies so much more detailed, and all of the effects and environments look beautiful.Really though, if you like hard, rogue-like games and have never played this, it's a must. If you're not a person who handles hard gameplay and disappointing defeat well though, you might not have the best time with this game.If you DO own this game, or are wondering if you want to get the Afterbirth DLC, I'd almost certainly recommend it.Afterbirth, like the DLC for the original isaac, is basically a seamless expansion to the original game. It's not like how in other games' DLC where you have separate areas for the new things, instead everything new and old gets blended together into one new mess. New characters, items, areas, bosses, and secrets. If you're really enjoying the base game, or think you will, it's a good idea to pick it up."
,Recommended,250900,28365531,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MercLuna,"What am I suppose to say? Welp, that game is awesome, so I can explainwhy, -From flash project to the complete and optimized game or""Gameplay""The first The Binding of Isaac was a indie-flash game, has no optimization, was laggy, doesn't have combos like in there, but it's still was a brilliant and genius! It was as hard as SMB from the same developer and it was created like an ENDLESS RANDOMLY GENERATING ALL THE THINGS game. In this part, all the best mechanics from the previous part are saved and all the bad things was removed/made work as it suppost to be. There was added a lot of combos! Like Brimstone + Spun Bender, Technology + The Ludovico Technology and a lot of other ""OP"" combos. The game has 12(or less, i don't remember) characters. Every character have 9 endings, what makes you play longer. But still game sometimes is too difficult, but not as first part was. The gameplay, mechanics and dificulty parts is 10 out of 10.No more Soundworks from Danny Baranowsky or""Soundtrack""New Edmund's friends from Ridiculon have a initiative to be a composers of new part. Well, they made MORE DIFFERENT OST as Danny is. Danny's OST was more ""making you dance?"" or something? Ridiculon made it more as metal and rock for the thematic of game. If be honest, I don't like it all. Yes, it is good. But I don't like at all. All have the different preferances so, I can't judje someone who enjoy this. The Soundpart is 6 out of 10.Well, that's it, I think. The game has 9/10. I recommend you to buy this. As Hutts said - I would play this game 'till I will die, this is my favourite game.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,250900,13110330,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Spawn Three Bears,Friend: Why are you fighting a walking ♥♥♥♥♥♥?Me: It's not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Friend: It looks just like one.Me: Not really...Friend: It just shot a giant stream of blood at you.Me: (•_•)
76561198035258580,Recommended,250900,13042702,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Marcus Tayler,"remake of the legendary game The Binding of Isaac. Absolutely randomly construction levels and bosses, each passage is unique. Very nice design for a 16-bit graphics nastolgiya cause of the good old games. Magnificent soundtracks adding atmosphere game. Recommended to all fans of indie"
,Recommended,250900,27329348,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Omega,"Simply amazing, unbelievable in how replayable this title are ! I have it in all plataforms....Quick description:Roguelike, with mechanics similar to ""R-Type"" but you don´t have the auto-scroll. You have to kill monsters with projectiles that are in fact tears."
,Recommended,250900,30961549,Posted: 5 April,all,IAreGirlyPanda,"One of the best Indie games out there!Binding of Isaac is a really fun indie game, it keeps you interested, and it makes you addicted to it. It's impossible not to give this game a try and not like it.Binding of Isaac has many many items and challanged you could beat and attempt to play. This is what keep you addicted to this game. You have so many ways of playing it, and there is no limit to how powerful you can get, there is no limit of the amount of combos you can make out with the items.The selection of items is the main reaosn you're still into this game. You have a run, a good run and you're happy with what you got, but you know there are a ton more combos you could play with, you're hoping for more good runs and cool items to find, to kill bosses with and that's the best thing about this game, it doesn't limit you. You could have a thousand runs and still get new ways of playing this game.The best thing about this game is that it never stops you from anything, you could abuse the power and it won't stop you. It wants you to have fun, you want to break the game and get every item? go ahead, the game doesn't stop you. You might feel like cheating is really smart to get through the game faster. But trust me, if you cheat to progress, you have no idea how much fun time you just lost.The community if this game is amazing, you can get so many mods, people working hard to make mods for you to have fun, there are amazing mods out there if you are bored with normal isaac. This community is what keeps this game alive. Amazing game, you should 100% buy it."
,Recommended,250900,15007561,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sgt. Greencube,"The Binding of Isaac: RebirthPros:-More items& item synergies(This can make for an interesting experience)-Bosses improved, final bosses akin to bullet hell-type games(both interesting and intense)-New characters, not overpowered-New cutscenes, graphic mechanics & music-Addictive & funCons:-Not suitable for certain gamers due to the difficulty of the game-Painfully addictive & frustrating at times-Certain small issuesOverall rating: 9/10 ""Fun, but not for everyone"""
,Recommended,250900,12872172,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,SaiynTheDragon,You know that feel when you're trying to explain how your Binding of Isaac run went to someone that doesn't know anything about the game?Basically Rebirth perpetuates this situation and makes for more interesting tales than ever before!
76561198106330301,Recommended,250900,32895303,Posted: 27 June,all,Dinobam100,"Very fun game! Many levels, characters, endings, and items to achieve! Many hours of gameplay to be done to complete it 100 percent!"
,Recommended,250900,12907445,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,japanimater,"From a guy with +800 games on Steam but with only a handful of reviews but chooses this game to review, you be the judge.This isn't your Pappy's Pokemon, your Mammy's Mario Bros,  your Granny's Grand Theft Auto, or your Callus's Call of Duty.  If you want to punish yourself, set aside your chains and whips.  If you want replayability, lay bare your guilty pleasures of paper and die.  If you want to flip the bird to hushed tones regarding religion,  nightmare fuel, and less than perfect upbringings, reschedule that psychiatrist appointment.  The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth can scratch all those itches to the point you'll need ointment for your freshly seething sores."
,Recommended,250900,16028209,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ROAD ROLLER DA!!!!,The Lost is driving me crazy10/10
,Recommended,250900,28402849,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Streview,"I love this game, but i don't understand why they'd have to make a reference to the FNAF community so much, i mean, there's poop in almost every room.it's a joke, please don't kill me."
,Recommended,250900,30329724,Posted: 4 March,all,Steven.,"Very good game. I have all the DLC and it was very much worth it. Sure there's Antibirth, but who cares. I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,250900,12876699,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,KBXCN,"I absolutely enjoy this game, even more than I enjoyed the Original TBOI.Pros:The 16-bit graphics add atmosphere to the dungeon-crawler style gameplay.The item count and what items can do are ridiculously awesome.The replay value is extremely high, like a sandbox game. (And it's not even a Sandbox game!)The characters are much different than eachother and all have their advantages.Cons?... Um. Er. Uh ...7 Red Hearts,3 Soul Hearts,   /    102 Black Hearts,"
76561197960951675,Recommended,250900,33146250,Posted: 2 July,all,Pat,"Amazing game until I pressed a button to play it through my library now i lost all my data, which was at 99%.  Not impressed."
,Recommended,250900,15411500,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Lilyღ,"Has to be the most bizarre RNG I ever let my hands on and I love it. Along with 20 challenges (so far) and alot of different endings, I could only recommend this game. Sure it can be a little hard sometimes (I'm looking at you, the Lost) but hey, don't we all love a good challenge?"
,Recommended,250900,13285389,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Cheezegami,You can literally sh!t yourself 10/10
76561198037560125,Recommended,250900,13105336,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Teppu,Buy! Buy! Buy!!
76561198110950799,Recommended,250900,20056597,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sra. dandan,"Um ótimo jogo para pessoas que tem paciência para morrer multiplas vezes e ter que recomeçar tudo denovo.Basicamente a história é super normal: Você é uma criança(Isaac), quando de repente sua mãe se torna uma maluca religiosa e acha que Deus pediu que ela matasse seu filho. Então, fugindo dela, você se ensconde no porão de sua casa, que na verdade é um labirinto cheio de monstros que querem te matar. Conforme avança mais no jogo, você encontra itens que te ajudam, salas especiais como o shop(que mesmo não tendo ninguem lá, você tem que pagar pelo item, e ainda é caro) ou a sala satânica(que so te fo**), etc. Em todo final do level sempre tem um boss que ranca quase toda sua vida e torna impossivel prosseguir. Enfim, o jogo tem vários personagens com abilidades diferentes, que facilitamum pouco sua vida. Mesmo assim, é um jogo muito divertido e viciante e, ao invés de estar fazendo algo produtivo, você tá ai, jogando isso."
,Recommended,250900,32687993,Posted: 23 June,all,Vali | CSGO500,Good game
,Recommended,250900,13598902,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Soren Verdict,"To start this review off I'd like to say that at the time of me writing this I have played the game for 8 hours. I believe that this has been enough time for me to asess its gameplay/features and write a review.Pros and Cons of RebirthPros:Rebirth has plenty of items (341) that you can collect which 'synergise' very well together and create wonderful combinationsGreat replay value (seriously, there's 184 in game achievements)Two player co-opSoundtrack is okay... kind ofMultiple save filesLots of new Challenges (20) to completeQuicker loading time than in the originalNew bosses and regular enemiesEnemies and bosses have been re-balancedFaster and smoother than the original Flash versionNicer asthetics (animations and background details)DEM SYNERGIES SO DAMN GOODSeeds allow you to perfect levels and practice as well as get easier runsNew 'Hard' difficulty allows Experienced players to feel more challenged4 new characters: Azazel, Lazarus, The Lost and EdenNew Guppy like 'Lord of the Flies' transformation as well as 'Bandage Girl' for Super Meat BoyCons:New pixelated graphics aren't excactly everyone's favourite form of artHarder to get items since there're so manyNew music can get annoying and repetetiveMouse support requires going into the game files and acessing the config file from thereToo expensive unless during a saleSeeds can be considered cheatyCertain Synergies can be game breakingly OPPermadeath can annoy certain peopleThe Lost is the most annoying character that you can playRuns are more inconsistant and are either really OP or really UPThe 'Filter' just makes everything blury causing your vision to lose focus (at least in my case)Poop jokes and Religous based content isREALLYobnoxious (I know Edmund's a Christian and he has certain beliefs that may be considered odd but it gets annoying when everything is either religously themed or just meme themed)My OpinionTo me, Rebirth is a pretty good game. It's solid, playable (in both difficulty and bugs), has good replay value and kills time. Yes, I miss the old graphics. Yes, I hate that you have to go into the files to add mouse support. However, this game those what is says and says it very well. The poop jokes die quickly as well as the religous referancing but Rebirth not only adds even more content but makes me want to waste my time playing it!Final ScoreI give Binding of Isaac: Rebirth an:8/10Because: it's a brilliant sequel but the asthetics have been greatly impaired and runs can be inconsistently OP/UP.Edits:02/04/205, Edited the review to inform about mouse support, thank you ShadoWatcher!31/12/2014, Fixed Pro comment being in the Cons section and vice versa"
,Recommended,250900,12804542,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Pintex,"ISAAAAAAAAAAAC is back!The original was already the best indie game ever released, imo. And Rebirth just makes this legendary game even more EPIC!First of all, I have 300+ hours of gameplay in the original. I wanted to play this game so bad, but I also had really high expectations. My first impression of the game (4 hours of gameplay) is 99% positive. I'll list some of the highlights:Positive:+ New graphics and lighting. TOTALLY AWESOME.+ LOCAL CO-OP MODE!+ Smoother gameplay, specially moving Isaac with a analog stick controller (I use a Dualshock 4).+ Lots of new stuff: New items, new item combos, new room types, new unlockable characters, new enemies and bosses, etc.+ Better synergy when you pick up different special items.+ Some of the old items were reworked to become more balanced/useful.+ Hard mode option, although I didn't try it yet.Neutral:- The soundtrack is really good and it's clear that those guys put a lot of work on it, but it's not as epic as the original, unfortunately.- I thought Rebirth would have a improved menu, with more details on items you have picked and secrets you have found. You still have to figure out what the items do by testing them during your gameplay. It can be either a positive or a negative thing. Personally, I'd like to see more details on the items.Negative:- Although Rebirth has the co-op mode option, you can't play it online with a friend. That's a bit annoying and the only real downside of this game so far.Summarizing, it's a HUGE improvement on the original BoI, and it's totally worth buying it if you're into rogue-like style and challenging games! And if you didn't play the original, you'll have TONS OF SECRETS to find.Final Rating: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,250900,12790218,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ObeseSausage,"10/10 would do my mom again...wait what?The only time i get to pretend i'm destroying brothers and sisters i could of had..along with the destruction of my own mother!!!! Muahahahaha *Mom yells at me* ""STFU you're too loud!"" Sorry mom :/ *continues playing* *silent huehue's*True Review: If you enjoyed the first one, then this is a must have. Time to do it all over again, ""one more round and im done!"" x9001 at a time lol. (Basically same as first one, just a weeee bit different xD)For New Ppl to This Game: It's an arcade style room to room to boss to stage to final boss kinda game. SO MANY upgrades, very challenging, many mobs and traps, a game you will be playing over and over through your life. A must have if you enjoy a challenge. Very gory and eww eww but that's what makes it delicious :3.PS: Join SteamGroup: Shy Thugs. If you are lonely and want ppl to gigglesnort with on teamspeak and play all the games together!!!!!! We are here :3."
,Recommended,250900,13155073,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pears,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the tale of a young boy who locks himself in his basement, kills his mother, crawls up her uterus and cries on her heart until it explodes.If you haven’t played or heard of the original due to either living under a rock or being incarcerated, the game goes something like this: you go through a series of dungeons, where your objective is to kill everything in that room and move on, sort of like the original Zelda game if you can dig that. Along the way, you pick up a series of items that affect your abilities in nifty ways, such as sharp things that make you cry harder, floating babies that cry at things with you, and demonic blood lasers that turn your tears into demonic blood lasers, as the name implies. The game itself follows a linear path, but to keep things fresh, each level is randomly generated, with every dungeon having a completely new layout and different items from whence last you played. There are also secrets you can only unlock by playing the game multiple times, so the replay value is pretty nuts.As a remake, Rebirth trumps its predecessor in pretty much every way, with a new engine, silky smooth gameplay and a heaping wad of new items, rooms, characters and challenges acting as more than enough incentive for an upgrade, even if you’ve thoroughly enjoyed the original. New to the cast is a demon thing that shoots blood lasers. There are also some other guys.I myself have put several hours into this game and recommend that you do so as well if you value fun, challenges and laser tears. If you want to kill satan, gamble your life savings and sell your soul for dead cat parts within the span of thirty minutes, Rebirth is where you wanna be, dawg."
,Recommended,250900,31726103,Posted: 13 May,all,Saiphel,RNG.
,Recommended,250900,20283794,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hoyd,It's OK
,Recommended,250900,12983287,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Zynatik,UBER AWSUM 18/15.6 RECOMMENDED!!!!!!
,Recommended,250900,12837496,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,|||||||||||||,"Loving the new pixelated art style and the bigger rooms that pan around depending on your character's movement.Feels like a completely new learning process when you first start playing this game due to the many new bosses, items and rooms. RIP Brimsnapping 2013-201410/10 would buy this game again even without the 33% pre purchase"
,Recommended,250900,18302797,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Megarsh,Love It waiting for afterbirth
,Recommended,250900,14792016,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Stitch,XD
,Recommended,250900,13159568,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ChaZcaTriX,Why are you even reading this?
,Recommended,250900,33173201,Posted: 3 July,all,Lonely Miracle,Love this game for it's originality. 12 monstro/10
,Recommended,250900,33143178,Posted: 2 July,all,M0S3S Мойсей,Great game. This game makes me want to lock my kid in a chest
,Recommended,250900,19838892,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,horsie,"*One sentence, describing distinctive feature of the game removed out of the context for the comedic effect, followed by ""10 out of 10"" joke because I am an uncreative miserable♥♥♥♥♥♥*10/10"
,Recommended,250900,33620049,Posted: 17 July,all,Tyaida,I hate this game. It's good though.
,Recommended,250900,13067679,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jario,A fun game where you play as a young bab who cries a lot and the random number generator laughs at you.I got cancer twice. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12875740,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Capitano Planetarium,One of the best Indy Games to Date. The Original was a big favorite of mine and this Overhaul still feels like a whole new Game!
,Recommended,250900,32861329,Posted: 27 June,all,тнє тσм ¢αт,Is good gam i like iti buy gami buy gam dlci buy dlc dlc
,Recommended,250900,13080135,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Psychic Kitty,"Ok i admit it....I have not had time to play this title as much as I have wanted to.The original Binding of Issac was fun....a very zelda like game with lots of interesting snafus and alot of dark humor.This game is technicaly a remake...but oh is it a remake.  They really pulled out the stops on this one.  They use a new engine for this title and improve and expand the original game in alot of unexpected ways.Aside from alot more achievements the actual game worlds are no longer just a collection of rooms in a grid.....now some rooms can be very differing shapes...enemies have been added and some changed, game play feels more fluid...and there is alot more to find in this title.I only cleared the game once....thus why my time as i write this is low.For those that have played neither title here is the synopsis....there is a trailer that shows this as well and a nifty text description.You are treated to a nice video as the game starts....about Isaac being a happy boy living with his mother.  One day his mother gets spoken to by what she thinks is god...and god tells her to do some things to prove herself to him.Well Isaac, over hears this....and fearing for his life....escapes to the basement below his room.....and thus the fantasy adventure begins.No game so far I have played of this title has been the same.  There are unlockable characters and alot of things to find.  Tons of achievements and for the completists you can even collect items as the game keeps track of the things you find as you play.  Whihc in turn unlocks achievements.A friend has a twitch TV channel and tends to play this game a bit.<Shameless plug for the channel:http://www.twitch.tv/mr_bo_jenkins>If you are interested in an interesting but dark humor full adventure role playing game. I do recommned this title."
,Recommended,250900,12850061,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Traekesh,"A Fantastic Game for Those who love a challenge, or for those who have a lot of time to kill10/10Its one of the most Addicting games i've ever played"
,Recommended,250900,12790225,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Clearly Legit,This game has everything vanilla Isaac missed! The 16-bit style also fits perfectly with the theme and design of the game.If you like the original Isaac you're going to love this.
,Recommended,250900,13000486,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Moonfang,"This game.... I really like it. It is superior to the last game in almost every way IMO, though it seems like a lot of people hate the soundtrack. (The Rebirth one, anyway. Haven't gotten any opinions on the Afterbirth one for some reason.) There are new items, new challenges- so much new (and some changed) stuff.I wouldn't want to spoil the surprise, would I? Let's just say it has a insane amount of replay value. Just trust me and get it if you haven't already to find out the rest for yourself, let's just say it will probably be worth it for you, even if it isn't everyones cup of tea.Or don't get it. That's also OK. It's not for everyone. Though most people seem to love it."
76561198053432024,Recommended,250900,33149413,Posted: 2 July,all,Jaker,Fun.
,Recommended,250900,12798260,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Girl,amazing dark adn spoky thank mr skeltal
76561198059022426,Recommended,250900,14754029,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Green,"I keep getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ items, why do I keep restarting?9.8/10"
,Recommended,250900,21218217,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kovah,"you get a scythe from a devil deal, what do you do? shoot it out of your eye. You find a bra, what do you do? wear it. You find a headless baby, what do you do? you make him follow you. You get chocolate milk, what do you do? you charge to shoot tears with more dmg with it.yea this game is awesome. Even without rebirth this is a must.edit: meant to say afterbirth but the first 1 was pretty gud so ill keep it there."
,Recommended,250900,12790952,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ablau12,Best christian game ever made 10/10
,Recommended,250900,13331820,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,KRUSHER99,"Great game. a huge range of items and pickups, with pleny of ""final"" bosses, and nearly 200 secrets, which change and develop the game as you continue to play!"
,Recommended,250900,12792862,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Nordic Nationalist(SDDC-Leader),I almost cried when it came out 30 mins late ...10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,250900,13358506,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,cres,"This game is simply perfect. I've played it for eighteen hours using family sharing, and I know that I've hardly even scratched the surface of gameplay. I typically play as Azazel, being my favorite of the many different characters you can choose from. All of the new items in rebirth make it so addicting, I simply can't put it down. Additionally, the game has tons and tons of different endings, and unlocking new characters/items gives you a purpose to keep on trying. If you don't mind the somewhat disturbing content within the game, (a nice feature in my opinion) I highly recommend that you buy this game."
,Recommended,250900,13799146,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Purple Monkey Dishwasher,"If you like a good challenge for both you will, mind and self-esteem, this game is perfect for you. With great music, random runs and tense fights every room, it will scare you more than any next-gen game out there. I have played this game for over 50 hours, and I have not even scratched the surface of this game's full glory. With random seeds spicing up runs so you never get bored, plus the game having unique items that can ether ruin or totally carry or run, will really have you begging to mlgesus for that one extra soul heart for good measure, or good items in your shop/item rooms, or you praying that Bob's Rotten Brain does not spawn in your azazel run. But, in all and all, this game is a great game, perfect for when you are bored or on a long ride/flight.But, heed this word of advice; A. If you have low range,NEVERpick up Bob's Rotten Brain, or you will suffer exploding pain. B. Try not to pick up Soy milk, it is really tricky to use. C. If you hate a run a lot, holding R will restart your run with the same character, but with a different seed. D. Unless you are sureDO NOT PICK UP DEAD CATIt takes away all but one red heart container, and gives you 9 livesE. Satan and Isaac are really hard to defeat, so get into a grove before you fight them.By the way, this game plays like Super Meat Boy, so if you don't like that game, this probably is not the game for you."
,Recommended,250900,28955809,Posted: 2 January,all,RiptideRayvenFY,"Sooooooo I have been playing Binding of Isaac for a long time, origianlly had it on PS Vita and unlocked everythign apart from the bandage girl achievment. i went over to PC after a while and played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. Recently, my data had been deleted so I'm playing it again and decided to downlaod a 1001% to have along side my actual playthrough just for some fun. unfortunatley, this 1001% profile unlcoked all the other achiements on steam for me ._. OopsOverall, i love this game and can't wait for Afterbirth+ tomorrow"
,Recommended,250900,12807733,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Dude579,"Very good game, perfects the gameplay from the original. There are lots of new things to discover, and have only begun to scratch the surface at the time of this review (after 5 hours online and 5 hours offline). Definately worth the price especially if you liked the original since you can get loads of joyful hours out of it.10/10 would cry mom to death again"
76561198040810102,Recommended,250900,12797148,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,The Squid Lord,"I was going to kill myself, but now suicide has to wait."
,Recommended,250900,13900932,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Marim's Younger Bros,"This game is amazing.  It improves on the original in so many ways, but here are just a few:-Controller Support-Item Interactions-Improved GraphicsIf you are short of cash, get the original one.  It is not quite as good, but still amazing and you owe it to yourself to try out The Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,250900,13776963,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Funymony,"Binding of Isaac Rebirth is a great sequel/remake!The game runs smoothly compared to regular Binding of Isaac because of the new engine. All the enemies have been remastered with sprites and more baddies have been included. Everything that was in the Wrath of the Lamb DLC is in this game with more items!There are so many randomized rooms and enemies that each playthrough feel fresh. The controls are smooth and if you get hurt it's definitely your fault.The difficulty curve is ridiculous, but once you understand how to find hidden rooms and remember what specific items do, you'll get the hang of it.The story of Binding of Isaac outside the Prologue is vague, don't expect to get anything solid.I tried playing co-op with my girlfriend but managing health between each other and keeping track of enemies/players on screen was too difficult. This is definitely a single player game.Binding of Isaac is great and I'm more than happy to replay it over and over again.If you're looking to get through the game quick, use Azazel."
,Recommended,250900,27003813,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Metal,Just 5 more minutes and I'll hop off*spongebob narators voice*2 hours later...
,Recommended,250900,14534073,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dr. Clocknik,"Bursting forth from its parent game and glistening with vile secretions in the dim light of the basement,The Binding of Isaac: Rebirththen proceeds to cannibalize that from which it grew, mutating it into a disgusting, disturbing (and possibly sacrilegious) beast that is in every way an improvement over its predecessor. Developer Nicalis has done an incredible job taking Edmund McMillen and Florian Himsl's originalThe Binding of Isaacand transforming it into a tighter, smoother, and all-around better experience.Just like the previous game,Rebirthis a rogue-like game that borrows heavily in gameplay style and presentation from older iterations ofThe Legend of Zelda, presenting players with a top-down view of each floor of an ever expanding dungeon. Player upgrades, items, enemies, and floor layout are randomized with each playthrough as the player attempts to reach the end of the game. One of the best features ofRebirth(and the original game) is that by continually playing, the game expands itself more and more: beating the game unlocks new items, characters, and levels, making the experience grow each time you complete it! It's a title that contains a considerable heft of replayability, which works well with the ""pick up and play"" format of the game. On top of this, the old-school difficulty curve coupled with the knowledge that if you die you must start again at the beginning creates a very intense game once getting into the later levels.It should be noted that I adored the originalThe Binding of Isaacand its DLC, managing to achieve 100% completion after 149 hours of play. However, the original had several major flaws: one of the biggest in particular being that it was Flash-based and (despite programmer Florian Himsl's best efforts) was buckling under the weight of its own content. Scores of bugs began presenting themselves as the game got more and more added to it, thanks to its unexpected popularity.Rebirthcleanses multitudes of issues thanks to Nicalis' superb job of creating an engine of their own and implementing new features not present in the original game. Players can now save their progress during a run and come back later, save slots are present for those sharing a computer, the game runs infinitely smoother, and the controls are much tighter and responsive than they were in the original game. Nicalis has also given it a lovely retro look and expanded the game's content immensely, adding scads of new items to the original game's inventory, new characters to the roster, and new challenges and game modes. It takes everything that the previous game had and expands upon all of it and does it incredibly well.Is it perfect? No, it's not perfect: I've seen some strange bugs here and there (in particular one that makes the game run far too fast) and did experience a fatal crash at one point. That being said, though, a fatal crash was a run-ending slap in the face when playing the original game; thanks to the new save system I was able to pick up exactly where I left off before the crash.All of these things considered,The Binding of Isaac: Rebirthrenders its parent obsolete and I highly recommend it to fans of the original game, anyone who ever considered buying the original game, and those who enjoy retro-inspired rogue likes. It's the most fun you'll ever have escaping sacrifice to God by your own mother!"
,Recommended,250900,13707296,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AlexWrench,"This game is ugly, irritating, and mostly just a random number generator. I really hated the original game, and at it's core not much has changed.But you know what? Rebirth streamlines, polishes, tightens, and expands the original game, and somehow it makes a difference. The Binding of Isaac is still not a great game. But hell, it's exciting, it's cheaper than Vegas, and you can kill Satan by crying on him."
,Recommended,250900,12794182,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,50 Shades Of Green,My girlfriend has never pleased me this muchEDIT: I don't have a girlfriend anymore
,Recommended,250900,15289110,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,KCGemini,"Rebirth, how I've been waiting for this!Edmund's remake of Binding of Isaac (will be referring to it as BoI from now) was worth the wait; but I feel that although it's a very good game, it has some marring qualities that the previous game didn't have.The Good:- The new SNES art style really comes out in the game.- The soundtrack, such as Diptera Sonata, Periculum, and Everlasting Hymm. Their 'high-tension' versions sound amazing and go beyond even the originals.- New areas, new bosses, new characters, new secrets, and new items. Content-wise, you're looking at about 50% more game in comparison to BoI + Wrath of the Lamb. Also, some of the previously done bosses have had their attacks either improved or changed dramatically. You're in for a surprise when you fight Mom's Heart.The Bad:- The soundtrack. Whereas Diptera Sonata is quite lovely; Abyss, When Blood Dries, and Viscera are underwhelming. Those tracks that were previously used in BoI were superior.- RNG. In BoI, it seemed to be more of a fair mistress with regards of item balancing. Unlike in BoI:R, the mass majority of the time, I feel like I failed because I played horribly. Due to the new balancing of special items, it's quite possible to get runs where you get crap all for anything decent. Unfortunately, once the average player gets past The Depths/Necropolis with ""meh"" items it's pretty much all going south from then on.What it does bad, it does badly; but what BoI:R does good, it does very, very good. That being said, it's worth getting."
,Recommended,250900,28990265,Posted: 3 January,all,Tony Danza,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つNICOLO BREADMUND GIB AFTERBIRTH+ ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
,Recommended,250900,13766823,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,WE DID IT,"This game blows the original out of the water. The new engine that it uses really shows how much better it could look and looking back on the old game compared to this one it looked rather bad. There is endless replay value in this game and the run is different everytime. The items in this game make it the unique game it is from shooting 4 tears at a time, to firing a blood laser. I would reccomend this game to anyone willing to take its learning curve."
,Recommended,250900,27691123,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheAmazingPaul,Its great.
,Recommended,250900,12802375,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Super Yusk boy,"IT'S NOT A SEQUEL!That being said, the original Binding of Isaac is one of my favorite games of all time, it's a simples game yet so well-made and fun to to play you get addicted on your first run! This reboot of the game has new content, new bosses and a newfound bullet-hell feeling to it (which i quite enjoyed).Go back to the basement and beat mom a bajillion times :)"
76561197964642069,Recommended,250900,28981827,Posted: 3 January,all,Where is my son?,This game is crack.
,Recommended,250900,17491348,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,JS,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198089426242,Recommended,250900,13155315,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Skok,you can cry enimies to death 10/10seriously though this is a great game and everyone should buy it now.
,Recommended,250900,14728549,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Awesomender,"This game is FABULOUS! If you liked the original one, you will love this. Never gets old"
,Recommended,250900,13451122,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Trick or TrEAT,It sucks. But I can't stop playing it. Maybe I just hate myself.
76561198108007590,Recommended,250900,13555295,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ram.Will,this game is incredible unless you have a weak stomach or dislike weird and creepy games
76561198139545717,Recommended,250900,15783161,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,BUTTSAGGINGTON IGR,This is the most addicting game i have ever played.Even though sometimes it is more rage inducing than bloodborne and the impossible game.Even though you get killed more times than Call of Duty.And the RNG sometimes is worse than praying and hoping that you can get a clutch no scope with 3 health left in cs:go.This is the only game that i can say that i get a totally different experience with each run.It is also the game that i put most of my gaming time into.I highly recommend it to anyone who is a gamer.10/10Thank you Edmund for making this game
76561198069817800,Recommended,250900,15013372,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,"Call me Arty, Short for Artymis","I'll put it simply. Each run is unique, with hundreds of possibilities. Each character is interesting, giving you reason to unlock them. Each character then has special unlockable items, giving you reason to play with them. The items are creative, giving you reason to collect them. The additional levels are challenging, giving you reason to unlock them.This is the single most rewarding game to complete that I have ever played, with days of appeal afterwards."
76561198180086450,Recommended,250900,30319311,Posted: 4 March,all,DarkX,I love playing afterbirth+ its a great game and its worth the money
,Recommended,250900,26770333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OniluapL,My most played game on Steam. And I'm sure it will stay that way for a long time.
,Recommended,250900,15482756,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Azura,"A nice sequel to Binding of Isaac. If you were a fan of the original, definitely get this game."
,Recommended,250900,33145839,Posted: 2 July,all,Lindling,"Get it!Replayability is awsome, Art is awsome, you will forever learn to get better!"
,Recommended,250900,12873377,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Arcanelevitator,"*I'll be comparing this game a lot with the original Wrath of the Lamb game*This game is, in almost every way, a huge improvement over the original game. I really loved the original game, clocking in almost 200 hours in the original Isaac. However now I cannot look back. I would choose this game over the original game any day.The things I like about this game:Improved gameplay - The game is a lot more balanced and a lot less RNG-dependant (in my opinion, of course) than its Wrath of the Lamb counterpart, especially in the Isaac fight. I used to think that the Isaac/??? fight in WotL was way too luck based. However this game fixes that. In addition to the balancing, the game features a ton of new items and synergies, as well as a lot more monsters, bosses and curses to add to the Isaac fun.Improved artwork - Before the release of the game I was skeptical about the new artwork, as with many other people. However, once I started playing I instantly grew fond with the new artstyle. The new artwork seems more clean and crisp than the original. For those who do not like pixel artwork there is an option where you can change it to become smooth artwork or something (which I have not found yet because I do not care about it).Out of Flash! - Remember how in the previous game there were many lag spikes because of either too many explosions occuring around you, during loading times between floors and if there are too many items on the ground because you were trying to 'break' the game? Well no need to worry and more, because now all that lag is now gone and the 30fps cap (or whatever it was before) is now upgraded to 60fps!Rainbow Poop! - Because you don't see them everyday amirite?Things I am 'meh' with this game.The RNG - I understand that the RNG is a huge part of the game but it's so freaking frustrating when you get freaking Bob's Brain inside the freaking Item Room...The Music - I don't find the music more catchy or addictive as the original game but that doesn't make the soundtrack a bad one! Also as of the time of this writing the soundtrack STILL hasn't come out yet...Some Sounds - The majority of the sounds are awesome but some of them, such as Brimstone, may sound slightly loud and annoying for some, especially when played over and over again.Overall, this game is a must have for all owners of the original game. For those new to the games, I highly suggest you purchase this game over the original due to the better balancing and better gameplay overall.10/10 Would recommend to the world!"
,Recommended,250900,25950096,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nyu,"i was never a fan of this kind of games. but this game is amazing, i am only bad at it.btw. afterbirth is amazing.graphic and sound works perfect together with the atmosphere and the strange story.replayvalue 11/10i am not crying, there is something in my eye award."
,Recommended,250900,13992984,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Rets,Interesting game. The only winning move is to cri evrytim.
,Recommended,250900,14737026,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,2fron,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a perfect remake of the original game. Everything from the original game is still in place, and most likely works better than what you remember. It has a great all new soundtrack, new art, and plenty of new content you could've never imagined. I own the game on every platform available to me, N3ds, Xbox 1, and Playstation vita.With the recent addition of the expansion Afterbirth, i've decided to update my review, and sure I could write a review for afterbirth specifically, but I think this is more suitable. With or without the DLC content, the game is so worth the money.Afterbirth is a huge addition, to an already great game. New music, game mode, unlocks, character(s), items, trinkets, consumables, secrets, and daily challenges.Daily challenges really give the game more life. All items are unlocked for everyone in the daily challenges, so even a complete noob can get the same experience everyone else has had. Its unfortunate that people cheat on the daily run. You can't really blame the devs for this one, its all the community.Greed mode is a new game mode that plays out in waves of enemies, and the reward being cash money. You progress through the game mode by hoarding the shop for its best items, and you will end up at ultra greed, a new boss which will likely give you a run for your money. Overall I think its a very fun game mode, but some of the unlocks require grinding out greed mode (not cool!).I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,250900,15015349,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Poisony,"Pretty much the same thing as the original Binding of Isaac, but with more content, prettier graphics and art and worse soundtrack."
,Recommended,250900,12800195,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cryo_,"This game has a lot of content, easily 200-300 hours if you add in the DLC's. With the mods being super easy to install (subscribing from the workshop) you can add virtually infinite amounts of content and gameplay.Really challenging, fun and never unfair (apart from the occassional bad RNG). Definitely buy this game for how cheap it is."
,Recommended,250900,13136028,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,William H. Taft,"I was a bit skeptical at first when I decided to purchase. There was no way a game could be that perfect, right? This game is living proof I was wrong. Probably the best roguelike out there. Worth far more than $15. Goes on sale all the time too! Grab it when you can."
,Recommended,250900,15960284,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cajita,Really really really good game!*addictive*When you have nothing to do is perfect*More difficulty as the game progresses*Many different forms of play*Not lag!*Infinite synergies*Excellent soundtrack*you can save your runs if you have to leaveI have to say more?Excellent and beautiful game <3!  10/10 money well spent
,Recommended,250900,14494185,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MrFRZ,"yus, all des gud revewz iz rite xcept dis gaem iz 10/8 m8. by dis gaem, dnt b L8 b8, m80.  et iz str8 gr8. by et, tis ur f8. du nut w8. gud gaemerz wil nut h8 lik b8 m8!"
,Recommended,250900,13524816,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Zer0nix ⭐,This game is in my Top 3 games of the year.Well played Edmund.
,Recommended,250900,16955066,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Istvan,"For those who don't know The Binding of Isaac at all, this is a simple game with tons of depth. It is easy to pick up and still manages to offer a good challenge and a real sensation of reward. There is a lot of mystery which contributes nicely to the biblical subject matter of the game.This game is pretty much like (the original) The Binding of Isaac, which is a stellar game. Though, there are some improvements and some failures.+The transition from the original Flash makes this version virtually glitchless.+More, more, more! More characters, lots of more stuff to explore, which is a reason for all the fans of the original to get this one too.+There is a hard mode for those who already 100%:d the original.(I think Florian Himsl added new stuff and a hard mode to the original too)+Controller support, this game works tremendously with a gamepad!+Local co-op is always a great thing, although I think the 2nd player should deserve more power over what's going on rather than being just a 'sentient' familiar.-Obviously the original had better music, though the music in Rebirth feels a bit more gamelike and less movielike, having a new soundtrack is still nicer than recycling old stuff.-Somehow this version looks worse than the original.-All curses except the Labyrinth which makes for bigger levels are merely great annoyances and do not contribute to the difficulty/reward of the game.-The map can be frustrating. The original game had a top bar with all the relevant info in it. Not the pieces of information is scattered accross the game screen. The map is in the top right corner and it can be difficult to notice an enemy or anything sneaking up on you from behind it.Should you play this game? Unless you are easily offended by biblical stuff or do not overall like action games, then yes, definitely. Do it."
,Recommended,250900,16398030,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ins1.lhwk,Best game evor!
76561198156300423,Recommended,250900,13355807,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Kendama,Absolutely amazing.  Fun for hours on end.
76561198197139638,Recommended,250900,29005202,Posted: 4 January,all,Ryjets,"Love this game sooo much!!! It's very addicting and playing more just adds more replay value! I highly recommend you get both the DLC's (Afterbirth, Afterbirth+) as this adds so much new content to the already expansive game! This is a must buy game and I give it my biggest approval!"
,Recommended,250900,22198684,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,A Large Child,"The only game where saying ""Yeah man, I got cancer."" is socially acceptable."
,Recommended,250900,21549718,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nibbles,"It's kindof gross, but it's full of goodies and my friends love it; they always come back for more. Just like my♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,250900,21080874,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Lady Chiviona,- Perfect I just got the time to make a small run before going to bed!- naaaa i can't stop here. that death was too stupid. I'm sure I can make it before going to bed!- Wait! What! Why the sun is already rising!?
,Recommended,250900,29080304,Posted: 6 January,all,Lep,"It's a massive improvement on an already fantastic game. It looks better, runs smoother, and has a massive selection of items, characters, and challenges to play through. There's enough content in here to keep you occupied for days on end."
,Recommended,250900,12795176,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Jim Moriarty,"If you liked The Binding of Isaac, you will love this game, too. Lots of improvements that make the gameplay even more exciting than it already was.10/10"
76561198153045815,Recommended,250900,19972642,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,R3nn3x,"I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!Subject - Quesion:I was wondering, if you can play co-op localy, via controller. Is there a way to play online? if so then don't read on! If it isnt possible mabye you can add this in the next update.Update:When on main menu you can choose single player or multiplayer, then on multiplayer it will bring you a list of games you can join for e.g 3/4 people can join a game. We can invite friends or can press quick game.The reason why i would like this is ,because i have a friend online he has completed 1001% of the game. and i was wondering since hes has got everything then i can play with him with a various selection of the playable characters. Thank you for reading this."
,Recommended,250900,14392995,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[LUE] auto2112,"It took me ages to play the original Isaac game, simply because trying to use Joy2Key was such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for me. I later found a script I could apply to J2K and suddenly, the controls were sublime and I fell in love with poor Isaac and his issues with his mother.I hammered home over 150 hours at that game, and couldn't stop, however, I never 100%ed the game, because all of a sudden, Rebirth was released.Rebirth is everything that the original was plus tons more. The items are all fantastic fun to figure out, the latest synergies between items ensure you're always finding new ways to use what you find in game, and the graphics are a notable improvement over the original.The funny about this release was that initially, I HATED the graphics. They seemed grainy and a fallback from how they used to look. Over time, they seem to have grown on me, and I don't even notice them anymore, what with all of Isaac's items swamping his poor little frame. The levels have taken on quite a change, with 2x1 and 2x2 sized rooms, as opposed to it always being 1 screen rooms in the original. This gives you a huge amount of variety with the +4 Billion seeds on offer and you'll never see the same game twice.The difficulty is about the same, despite their being a 'harder' mode. This mode doesn't feel much harder, and there's plenty that the guys who made the game could have done to increase the challenge for the more hardcore of us out there.However, not everything that changed succeeded. The music is just DREADFUL. To the point that I found someone had created a patch of sorts which replaced the new music with the old soundtrack, and suddenly everything was blissful again. It's just terrible. Either turn it off, or bring back the classic OST.The value to be found within this title is incredible, and if it's a shooter with challenge that you want, you have to try this. The humour's fantastic, everytime you play it feels a different game, and if you find yourself enjoying it, you'll likely never stop playing."
,Recommended,250900,25303751,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jay Rowdy Thomson,""" The time killer "" whatever.Let me introduce key points of this game.- You can feel not only the joy of breaking achievement but also some progressions in the gamewhich will make you think about the next steps.- And the more you play, the better you can control Isaacwhich is really good for making purpose of playing game. + Daily run will let you know where you are now.Those are some fun things you can discover during the game.Now, its your turn."
,Recommended,250900,16271248,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Space Dank Walrus,A greatly expanded version of the original Binding of Isaac. It will bring you endless hours of entertainment as it has with me.
,Recommended,250900,13114450,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ord,"Rebirth is THE definitive edition of The Binding of Isaac, no questions asked. It has:-a new highly optimized game engine (you'll consistently get 60fps)-a fantastic new pixel-art style-even MORE content added to the original (I have 33 hours and I've barely scratched the surface of it)-balances to content that was in the originalIt's a wonderful upgrade to an already fantastic and fun game. Yeah, the learning curve is a bit steep, but if you get into it, it's so much fun. I cannot recommend this game enough, especially for those who like rogue-likes and bullet-hells."
,Recommended,250900,13114713,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Don Degow,Super addictive game.Definitely worth the 15€
,Recommended,250900,12799894,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,FlintLuke,"I really enjoyed the original (though I have a long way to go before I'm Platinum God), but Rebirth absolutely lived up to my high expectations. Exactly what I was looking for/expecting. I have found some bugs with certain item combinations (for example 2 shot + 3 shot) I have yet to test those combinations with quad shot though. But I very much like the new Brimstone Baby, Devil Baby bum, and the items that work with Brimstone. Especially number one, which makes your Brimstone lazor YELLOW! Also the fact that there are 100s of new items, many that I have found do wonderful and interesting thing, making them great additions.If you like Rogue-like Dungeon crawlers (this one being loosly based off of a Zelda dungeon structure) with a very interesting and unique art style with great character design, then you may wish to look at this game.I personally very muchy injoy the Pixel art look, but there is a option to but a filter on the game to make it slightly more reminiscent of the original game.Due to the addition of difficulty modes (normal and hard), hardcore players from the original (like myself) can enjoy the challenge of hard mode, while new players can enjoy being able to adjust and learn the game on normal and then perhaps change to hard mode (which you can anytime between runs).Though this is a remake of the original game (The Binding of Isaac), you do not have to have played the original whatsoever to get into this one, it is not nessasary nor do you gain any special additions by doing so. Unless you wish to feel the atmosphere of the original of course.All in all, it was WELL worth the $10 I got it for (due to the fact that I own the original and got the preorder discount from owning said original).Therefore I would rate this game 9/10Not perfection, but they way the game is makes it feel like it shouldn't be. That it doesn't need to be absolutely polished, and that's the beauty of it. Thanks for reading my review. I hope you found it informative."
76561198157032646,Recommended,250900,13111007,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,dirty waffles,amazing 10 out of 10 best game ever a lot better than wrath of the lamb trust me
,Recommended,250900,16693473,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,bullex,"The only game in existence that let's you get cancer. And you're happy about it :)And seriously - I was a huge fan of original Isaac (+Wrath of the Lamb) and after some rather unpleasant first impression I truly loved The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. You can nitpick about few changes, or even at downgrades in some areas (soundtrack for example) but honestly - who cares :P It's still a fantastic game with tons of replayability, a lot of new content, mechanics upgrades, fluent controls, amazing item combos, crazy enemies and good, challenging gameplay.EDIT (regarding 2 DLCs - Afterbirth and Afterbirth+)You know what? Just play the game. There's so much clever and creative mechanics, wacky items, hilarious combinations, unexpected fun things happening all the time, that I just can't put in words, you just have to experience that :) I could tell you about 13 characters, over 600 items, challenges, greed mode, daily runs, new synergies and items interactions that I still find after almost 1000 (!) hours in the game, legendary enemies that send cold chills down any Isaac player's spine (ask him about Bloat and watch the reaction :P), mods support and developers who encourage community to make new designs that will then be added to the game in a form of monthly booster packs (!)... My favourite game ever, hands down.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13506311,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dank Vinci,Games pretty easy to run and contains thousands of hours of fun and a mix a frustrationAlso The Lost was a mistake.
,Recommended,250900,15085695,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,{SCG} Masky,"Wonderful game, even better than the original because you don't have to finish your runs in one go which was my only major gripe with the first game."
,Recommended,250900,13525874,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Chimera,"This is what the original The Binding of Isaac was supposed to be(according to the creator himself). It takes all the great and fun gameplay from the original TBoI and takes it up a notch, while taking down many and most of the problems the original had because of the flash engine limitations.For those who played the original one: This remake/sequel for The Binding of Isaac will run at 60fps all the time in pretty much any decent machine, as opposed to the very low and unstable framerate the first one was stuck with. There are even more items and synergies than the classic one, with more expansions on the way. Many of the bugs were fixed and gameplay is more reliable and mechanics are set in stone, making smart decision-making the deciding factor aside from mechanical ability. Items have better descriptions as to allow the player to guess what they do without having to rely on the wiki for everything, in case they want to dive in blindly.For those who haven't played the original TBoI: You're looking at a very fun bullet hell style game with roguelike elements. The game is not about progressing slowly over a long time, but rather about playing in short, 20-50 minute runs where you grow in strength while your enemies become more challenging every time you descend to the next floor.  The game has plenty of items for you to pick up that may change the way you play drastically from run to run, sometimes making you become overpowered and just beating the run with ease, while in some other runs you may end up not that strong and have to rely solely on your own skill to manage to beat the game. You're never going to play the same run twice(unless you want to with seeds), as almost everything you encounter in the game is randomized, meaning different floor layouts, different enemies, bosses, items and drops every time you play. For the amount of time you will end up playing this game, the price is a steal, in case you're worried about your money not being worth it, just look at my time played!I definitely recommend this game to anyone who played and enjoyed the original Binding of Isaac and anyone who's looking for a challenging, fun game with a high replay value."
,Recommended,250900,32884514,Posted: 27 June,all,Lepy,Best game I've ever played. Thanks Edmund :).
76561198161807496,Recommended,250900,14328153,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,UniqueDetective,i love this game
,Recommended,250900,21861728,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Celery Man,Love this game so much it made me cry.
,Recommended,250900,17063833,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,jackOlentren,"It is the best game i ever played, northernlion is a scumbag"
76561198057163415,Recommended,250900,12852138,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Caketharsis,Just killed a pile of actual♥♥♥♥♥♥in a gimp suit while on speed. Never thought I'd have mercy for a pile of fecal matter until I saw the cute ones in this game           10/10
76561198276471158,Recommended,250900,28981935,Posted: 3 January,all,TopHatBottomBoots,"and to think if you were a demon wouldnt you not jump down that trapdoor and just laser blast your mom?On the side note, afterbirth+ in a few hours BOIS"
,Recommended,250900,14315746,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,HeavyMetalGamer,"Fun, tough, crude, funny, and gives off a uneasy feeling at times. Almost depressing. This is a must buy."
,Recommended,250900,18418336,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Panda ♥,This game is awesome
76561198134145366,Recommended,250900,19677765,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Basssssssssy,This is ne of those games tha when you play it you get hooked. I felt like playing some amazing rpg with amazing enimies. Each time i played i would always find a unique item. When i finall beat the lamb (the boss in the last chapter) I still had to play to beat mega satan and ???. I highly recommend getting this game becaus who doesent like babies killing demons and hearts!
76561198121974063,Recommended,250900,20236921,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dr. Fun Times,"this game has awsome replay value, you never get bored"
,Recommended,250900,19043025,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Diacrane,amazing game
,Recommended,250900,20219505,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,幸せ,Ruined my life.
,Recommended,250900,19141367,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,RockTheBoat,I'm terrible at this game yet I can't stop playing it. Every combination of characters and items brings fun and interesting challenges.
,Recommended,250900,28301175,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Remph,30% Poop Related jokes80% Rage5% Demons2% Luck18% Skill2.5% Ultra Greed's booty2.5% Matricide100% For Guppy60% Accidentally killing yourself with a bomb500% Tears200% Achievement Hunting1% Fun------------1001(%) reasons to play
76561198118039676,Recommended,250900,28325918,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Shina (Temporarily Inactive),Hands down the best Roguelike/Roguelite ever made and possibly ever to exist. Never thought I'd spend more than 10 hours playing this. Looks like I was wrong. Definitely worth it. I'll be playing this game wayyy more in the future.
,Recommended,250900,12797866,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Observer (2),"The sequel and a good one at it. Rebirth contains much more items,bosses,characters than the previous one with a great soundtrack. Runs smooth and plays smooth, what is there not to like.9/10"
,Recommended,250900,17712409,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,sDenniz,The Bindigs of Isaac : Rebirth is a masterpiece. Best challenging game ever and it continuously rewards you and keeps you playing it !Updates from the original one :>60 fps on every potato>more items>new graphic style>more endings>more challenges>more bosses+ the next DLC Afterbirth which will double the content.Highly recommended 10/10 is a must buy !
,Recommended,250900,12816018,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,RadioactiveMoth,I   H A V E N T   S L E P T   I N   D A Y S
,Recommended,250900,12809039,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,PinkTeddy,I can't stop crying.
,Recommended,250900,14414017,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KL^,"If you're a fan of the original Binding of Isaac, or if you've never even heard about it before...Do yourself a favor and just buy this game.Look at the amount of hours I have logged into this game... Go through reviews, and look at the amount of hours others have logged onto this game.You won't regret it.Just do it.10/10 would Nike again."
,Recommended,250900,14955747,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Cpt. Blueberry Muffin,I can not even begin to decribe how mind-numbingly amazing this goddamn game is..... no..... Game is the wrong ♥♥♥♥ing word here....... This is a Mother-♥♥♥♥ing Masterpeice.... But don't take my word for it...... Quickly.... Give these people all of your money..... No time to explain!!!
,Recommended,250900,13261323,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,YOSUP72845,"This game has provided me hours of fun. While this is a remake of the original game, it has a whole lot more to offer than the original. There's twice as much content, with more items, trinkets, bosses, characters and other things to explore and discover.  There are a whole lot more item synergies to discover and play around with, many of which had been impossible to do in the original. Plus, the game runs very smoothly, at a constant 60 FPS. In short, I would say that this game is definitely worth picking up and trying out."
76561198066226827,Recommended,250900,29049890,Posted: 5 January,all,Fiddlesticks,The Binding of Isaac series has provided years of entertainment for me. The game continues to unlock new surprises and challenges and you'll find you lose hours picking away at them. The variety of characters add new and different takes on the game and the items can be both fun and disastrous. Definitely recommend if you enjoy dungeon crawl games with a touch of creepy and want something you can sink endless hours in.
,Recommended,250900,12821045,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sleepy Orphan,This is a game that teaches you that you cant get everything you want in life. Not even brimstone.
,Recommended,250900,19540369,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Lewalrus9121,This is one of my all time favortie games.
,Recommended,250900,12794022,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,BiskutMentega,823 days since Platinum God.It feels really great to return back to the basement.
,Recommended,250900,13463662,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,「Aarin」,"When you were here beforeCouldn't look you in the eyeYou're just like an angelYour skin makes me cryYou float like a featherIn a beautiful worldI wish I was specialYou're so ♥♥♥♥ing specialBut I'm a creep,I'm a weirdoWhat the hell am I doing here?I don't belong hereI don't care if it hurtsI want to have controlI want a perfect bodyI want a perfect soulI want you to noticeWhen I'm not aroundYou're so ♥♥♥♥ing specialI wish I was specialBut I'm a creep,I'm a weirdoWhat the hell am I doing here?I don't belong hereShe's running out the doorShe's running outShe run, run, run, runRunWhatever makes you happyWhatever you wantYou're so ♥♥♥♥ing specialI wish I was specialBut I'm a creep,I'm a weirdoWhat the hell am I doing here?I don't belong hereI don't belong hereLost.2014-2014"
,Recommended,250900,13503861,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BDVR,"Avid binding of isaac player here. After playing the original for a year or two, I could not wait for this game, and it is everything I expected and more. A whole ton of cool new items and synergies unavailable in the original game. This game can be played over and over again, more so than any other game I have ever played. I highly encourage anyone to try the original first, since most likely it will be dirt cheap, especially during holiday sales, and if one were to enjoy the original, this game will blow you away. Best of luck, and get that platinum god!"
,Recommended,250900,15327075,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Jerry from the IT department,this game sucks 10/10 i love it
,Recommended,250900,28092642,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Corn.mp4,"Very good game. I always come back for more, even though I played the crap out of it already. One of my favorite games ever and would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,250900,31759321,Posted: 14 May,all,Boo1098,Pretty good I guess.Would play again 10/10.
,Recommended,250900,14174815,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Monkeyminhy,"It's likely that if you're reading this, you've already read the laundry-list of reviews that sing this games praises to the high-heavens. Frankly, this review won't be any different.Binding of Isaac Rebirth is a beautiful marriage of 'casual pick-up' versus 'skill mastery' that becomes instantly appealing, and most importantly, is just some damn good fun. It's a game that takes everything great about the original and adds to it. Here's a quick list:Pros:+Perfect controls - tight gameplay+Diversity - literally hundreds of different items to collect/use+Challenging but rewarding+Easy to pick-up, difficult to master+Beautiful pixel-graphics+Skirts crude humour but makes it workCons/Neutrals:+/- Frustrating at times+/- Certain aspects purely luck based+/- Lots of poop and or bodily fluidsThe cons for me aren't even really cons - but I decided to throw them in there in case anyone cared about those kinds of things. For me, this game stands out at the moment as my favorite game - whenever you've got 15-20 minutes to spare and are just looking for some casual fun, this game hits all the right notes. Absolutely recommended, buy it now!"
,Recommended,250900,13024074,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CheesyChazzy,I really enjoy this game. In my opinion it looks and plays much better than the original and it seems like I will put in more than 250 hours into Rebirth
,Recommended,250900,12811491,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Eric Dhump,Killed a poop monster with pee pee shots.10/10
,Recommended,250900,12822011,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Warrior,"Just as awesome as the first one, with updated graphics, more items and monsters this is a great game. Though I liked the first soundtrack better. Either way this is just as great as the first one. 8/10"
,Recommended,250900,18852342,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,NiTR0,"When you think of twin stick action Rouge-like you should think of this game. One of the best games I've played in my libary, worth every dollar, and with the DLC released, even more content. Great gameplay, Awesome graphics, quirky storyline, amazing combos. Just buy it."
76561198122722509,Recommended,250900,18849538,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sparky,Absolutely positively the most frustraiting yet entertaining games I have played; I have enjoyed countless playthroughs as the many different characters and chuckled at the dark humor and atmosphere this game provides. I would highly recomend this game!
76561198176693457,Recommended,250900,19573621,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Zwarte Engel,"Great game everyone should have this one in their library it provides challenges and replayabilty, just like the old nentindo mario days."
,Recommended,250900,33638803,Posted: 18 July,all,Blü,"this game is a must-have for people who likes roguelikes or want to get into the genre or people who just want a fun challenging game!The binding of isaac: rebirth is a ""remake"" (with added stuff on top) to the original flash game ""the binding of isaac"", which was already huge in terms of content and allowed for thousands of hours of gameplay.Now does this new version of the game hold up to the original?Positive:+ great soundtrack, the OST in this remake is completely different than the original and a lot of people miss danny b's original OST, but I don't mind the change that much, in fact, I enjoy such a change, it's always great to see devs remaking a game and changing it that much! (from an arcadey music to an atmospheric soundtrack)+ a bunch of new items and a bunch of new synergies, making no new runs similar to the last!+ a new path and new bosses, all (mostly) great fun! (damn mama gurdy)Negative:- honestly? I cannot think of anything.I usualy always have one or 2 small nitpick on games, but I cannot think of anything wrong about rebirth as a whole, it's just a great game to play casualy and to complete 100%, I would recomend this game to anyone (new to roguelikes or not) who wants a fun challenging game to play!10/10"
,Recommended,250900,28061053,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,imp,I have never been so happy to find my dead brother in the basement and get cancer. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,16332791,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Akiran Hachirou,"A true Masterpiece: Deep, fun, difficult and ultra long. It contains an insane amount of objects, and everything is accompanied by an excellent visual narrative framework. One of my favorite video games of all time."
,Recommended,250900,29237897,Posted: 13 January,all,AstroPenguin642,">Wtf, a $15 game about a naked baby crying on his mom's unborn fetus? No thanks.>Gives it a try. Overwhelmingly positive reviews must mean something.>Dies to a poop that whistled at me. Uninstalls.>Reinstalls later.>OH SH*T MONSTRO'S TOOTH APPEARED IN THE BASEMENT. Time to backtrack and find it!>Can't find Monstro's Tooth in the basement.>Realizes what roguelike means. The entire structure of the game pieces together all at once.>Becomes addicted.>Plays constantly, unlocking thing after thing.>Still only 16 hours.>Thinks I'm the best Isaac player of all time.>Still doesn't know that pill colors are different every run.>Friend with 40 hours gives me a few tips and links me to a youtuber's channel.>Surpasses his casual *ss within days.>Exits the realm of ""filthy casual."" Enters the realm of SUPREME ISAAC DEMIGOD.>Tells all my friends about Isaac. Becomes invested in Isaac. Life is Isaac. I am Isaac.>Gets all the achievements in Rebirth.>NEW DLC LETS GO BOYS>Gets all the achivements in Afterbirth.>Starts Eden Streaking.>Starts to hate Eden Streaking.>ANOTHER DLC BOYS>Gets all the achievements except daily achievements.>Leaves reality in order to play isaac every day for 30 days.>Has all the achievements.>Still not fullfilled.>Need more Isaac.>Draws comic fanart, makes a demake of Isaac on Scratch, gets involved with the community.>Starts learning how to mod.>Makes a mod that promotes an old flash game called Platform Racing 3.>Isaac was just a gateway to promote PR3.>It was all an elaborate scheme to get people to play my 2nd favorite game of all time.Behind Isaac."
76561198001681009,Recommended,250900,19070192,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Don Chrisse,"Two simple words... Buy it, nothing further to add!"
,Recommended,250900,13797880,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Brandon,"This game is an awesome indie game. There is so much replayability that you can play forever and not get the same run. Its a perfect time waster as runs only last 20-30 minutes so its perfect for someone without a lot of time. Not much of a story but it doesnt need one, and its very difficult and will take a lot of time to learn each enemies moves/actions. If you like any game with difficulty, then this is the game for you. Everyone should buy this because its an awesome game. 10/10 Worth every penny"
,Recommended,250900,20434572,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,raixel,"Normally I don't like difficult twitch games like TBoI. I liked to watch my brother play the original but I could never play it due to the lack of controller-maps. (Why that is needed, I'm not going to go into for the 50th time- read most of my other reviews, and I'm sure you'll find out).So I was excited when rebirth came out. More of everything, and controller enabled? I'm on it.I bought it. Its awesome. Its hard as hell. But strangely addictive. The music in Rebirth has been redone, and its great. The graphics are the typical BoI brightly colored cutesy horrifying covered in tears, poop and blood mutated children, fetuses, and god-knows-what-else we know and love. Theres more unlockables, more items, more enemies, more secrets. Add in the DLC Afterbirth and you get even *more* of everything. But theres some balance issues with the DLC.Those aspects are what make Rebirth great. Every run you learn a little more, improve your knowledge of the game, hone your reflexes. Sometimes you'll move one screen from spawn and get absolutely unfairly crushed, sometimes you'll make it to Mom. Thats the fun of this game. Keep trying, learn what items do,how new enemies attack, keep going. Maybe someday you'll win. (I haven't). But once you win, theres a *whole* lot more after that. Beating Mom is just the first step.The issue with the DLC I found was that for people like me just learning the game and getting my reflexes down (I had to switch RS and LS to make it work - took some learning), it can add some enemies that are many times tougher than the standard enemies for the map you're on. And they aren't ones you unlock, they're just there. That and I keep getting ""burning basement"" nearly every single run. And it seems theres so many items you have a way more likely chance of getting a garbage item.If you've played the original, this one is totally worth picking up - theres way more of everything enough to keep any BoI fan busy. Even for someone like me who rarely plays games like this, its totally addictive."
,Recommended,250900,27241109,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fR0z3n.s0u1,350 hours played.100% achievements.I regret nothing.
,Recommended,250900,17765809,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,birdishNerdish,It's ok.
,Recommended,250900,12792004,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"I've always loved the binding of Isaac series, watched over 1000 walkthroughs/lets plays of it. I never seem to be able to complete it myself though. This new game is amazing, all the new features are awesome. But i'll probably stick to watch gameplays instead of playing myself xDD"
76561198160909157,Recommended,250900,15937606,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,_CRIN_,"Rebirth is probably easier than the binding of issac, but still, can't stop playing it. Some new items appear in this version make issac look really cool. If issac is for ドM, than issac rebirth is for ドS.9/10for afterlife: I love the concepts of the keeper. HOWEVER, HOWEVER, HOWEVER, the lost become soooooooo freakin easy to use. I FEEL SO BAD FOR PEOPLE WHO ACHIEVED REAL PLATINUM GOD IN REBIRTH, INCLUDING MYSELF!!!"
,Recommended,250900,16718511,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Hans Brotmeister,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the updated version of the original The Binding of Isaac. It is a rogue-lite top-down shooter with procedually generated levels. If you have already played the original Binding of Isaac you might want to skip the first part of my review. In the second part I will talk about how both games compare.The story revolves around Isaac, a boy who is living alone with his mother. When his mother becomes increasingly religious he takes away all of Isaac's toys and even locks him in his room to protect him from evil influences. In the end it comes to her delusions reaching such a high level that she imagines hearing the voice of god asking her to sacrifice her son to him. When she grabs a kitchen knife and walks up to Isaac's room the boy discovers a hidden trap door underneath his rug. He then jumps down to escape his mother. He now has to battle the nightmares in the basement and below with the only weapon he has - his tears.The game is played in a top-down perspective. When playing with a gamepad the game is played like typical dual-stick shooter with the left stick moving Isaac and the right stick shooting projectiles - in Isaac's case his tears. Isaac can also place bombs on the ground as well as carry one activated item. Depending on the specific activated item the effect and effectiveness varies greatly.The game is split into several chapters that each have distinct environments and enemy types. Most chapters consist of two floors. The basic goal is to find the boss room on each floor, defeat the boss and jump through the trap door to the next floor. However, there is much more to it.There are various types of special rooms on each floor. Some of them are always present, some are optional. There are boss rooms, treasure rooms which either contain an active or a passive item, shops that sell various items and consumables, arcades that give you various opportunities of spending money for the chance to get items, challenge rooms which have one or more treasure chests in them but also spawn various waves of enemies when you open those chests, curse rooms entering or leaving which costs half a heart of your life bar but which might contain valuable items, sacrifice rooms where you can deplete your own life for the chance of a chest spawn as well as several less common special rooms like libraries that contain several book type activated items or boarded rooms that require two bomb explosions to enter but it might as well be worth it.On every floor there is also one secret room as well as one super secret room. Those are not connected to adjacent rooms by doors so you have to guess where they might be (their placement follows a certain logic) and use a bomb on the wall where you suspect the secret room to be. Also, after every boss fight a devil or angel room might open. Those offer unique items but getting them to open strongly depends on your playstyle. Items in the angel rooms are given for free but if you want to get devil rooms items it will cost you heart containers.At the beginning you can only play as Isaac but there are several other characters to unlock, all with their distinct bonuses and drawbacks. Other than Isaac there are Magdalene, Cain, Judas, ??? (also know as Blue Baby), Eve, Samson, Azazel, Lazarus and Eden as well as one super secret character.There are four resources to consider when playing TBoI:R. Health, money, bombs and keys. Isaac can also carry one activated item at a time as well as an infinite number of passive items. In addition to that he can have one trinket and one activated consumable (either a pill or a tarot card) on him. Every passive item reflects on you ingame appearance and it can lead to you looking completely hilarious - or scary. There are so many items in the game that it would be impossible to talk even about a few of them here. Some items are reasonably powerful, others really strong. There are also items which are horrible on their own but can become a massive powerhouse if combined with the right items. There are a lot of item combinations in the game and part of the fun is to find out what works well together. Because of its rogue-lite nature TBoI:R relies heavily on dying and retrying. You don't directly keep something of your previous runs but you will unlock a plethora of items that you then can come across on your subsequent runs.While the gameplay is fast, frantic and sometimes reminiscient of a bullet-hell shooter there is much strategizing behind it if you want to make the most of your run. You will frequently ask yourself ""Is it worth exploring more of this floor?"", ""Is it reasonable to use a bomb here?"", ""Should I really use my last key on this?"" or ""Should I pick up this item hoping that I get the one that combines with it to a force to be reckoned with?"". The game is much deeper than it seems at first glance.The story of the game is subtle rather than right in your face. There are many hints hidden all over the game. Also it is up for debate which plot points actually happen and which are made up by Isaac. There are a bunch of references to religion in the game so you might get the most out of it if you have some knowledge of the bible. But the game still works very good if you do not pay attention to the story hints.While I consider the game design to be nearly flawless there is one gripe I have with it. At times the randomization can really screw you over. If you get unlucky you can get into situations where you cannot do anything unless you are extremely skilled. There are some mechanics to prevent this and it definitely gets better over time though. Another problem is that the HUD is often blocking view of the top left and right corner of the room you are in. This is a major problem since there can be items or enemies there. This problem can be circumvented by using windowed mode but that is not ideal either, especially because you cannot use borderless windowed mode or you will have the exact same problems as in fullscreen mode.How does it compare to the original The Binding of Isaac?Even if you played the hell out of the first game this one is very well worth getting. It features a much more robust engine, more content level-, enemy- and item-wise, additional characters, native controller support, overhauled graphics and glorious lighting effects and even local multiplayer where player 1 controls Isaac and player 2 controls a floating baby. Also you can now quit the game and continue where you left off later. The HUD problem mentioned in the paragraph above is unique to this version however. So that is one thing were the original The Binding of Isaac did it better.The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth can be hard and frustrating at times, but it does a very good job in motivating the player to try again, unlock more stuff, discover new things and learn new strategies. While playing the game is suprisingly simply there is so much depth and possibilies hidden inside. Therefore I can wholeheartedly recommend it.More reviewshere"
,Recommended,250900,12792579,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Arcade,"For players who have played the first BoI game, then you all pretty much know what to expect, and Edmund has really lived up to the expectation in my opinion! Apart from the fact there is way more content added on top of what came with the first game and the Wrath of the Lamb expansion, you also have the options for different filters, seeded runs, new challenges, and even a choice of changing the difficulty, if you desire a challenge, And all without the restraints of Flash. This is definitely a huge step up from the original!For players who are new to BoI. Good luck."
76561198035809038,Recommended,250900,14088192,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Windybeard,"Every bit as great as the original with a massive serving of extra awesome on top. This game is great, addictive and highly challenging at the top end. The new music is incredible. Must have for Isaac fans and new comers."
,Recommended,250900,27897128,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,2'FAT!,"When you start to understand what is happening in this game, it's allready too late to not care anymore...."
76561198078923920,Recommended,250900,35414895,Posted: 2 October,all,[Sino] MouGai,"The game has a ton of bibilical references, but is still fun even to people like me who have no religious backgrounds. The bullet storm is challenging. The randomly generated items and spawns add that much elements of surprise to the game and make the game exciting to play. Having the achievements unlocked gives a greatly satisfying. What's more, the game is not demanding in terms of computer specs.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,250900,21554730,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Poongoolie,"Even though this is one of the best roguelikes I've ever played, it seems to be made by a complete idiot. A guy who hates fun and fair challenge.There is a crazy amount of replayability in this because of the huge amount of upgrades and unlocks. Even with the hours I have, I still find myself experiencing new hilarious or broken combos through the random upgrades. It's a great time seeing what your first upgrade will be, and finding synergies for it.The presentation is mostly good. The art/environment is pretty good. The fighting is good. The items are fun. The challenges are fun. Resources matter. Almost everything is pretty fun.But then you see the game is riddled with♥♥♥♥♥♥only Edmund Mcdumdum would leave in which poison a great game. A quick list would include the piece of crap money spending system, unavoidable damage, unfun bad runs, grinding, hidden information and, stemming from that, items that will kill your run instantly because they are pure crap and you don't know until you take it.MONEYWhile the shop system itself is decent enough and even fun, other ways of spending your currency are TERRIBLE.Shops - These are actually a pretty good design overall. You know it probably isn't worth wasting a key for a shop if you have under 15 pennies and don't need small heals, and they can really help you succeed on any given run.Slot machines and skull game - these let you pay 1 penny at a time for a x% chance of a small reward, or nothing at all. While a fine concept, it turns into grinding. Many times you will end up with a huge surplus of coins and near the end of the game, this might be the only way to spend money. In a difficult run you want to do all you can to win, don't you? What this equates to, way too often, is slamming your face against a slot machine or skull game for 5 minutes hoping to get something because you can only donate 1 penny at a time. So choose: either grind for several minutes, or leave and pass up an increased chance of success. THIS COULD BE FIXED BY SIMPLY ALLOWING US TO DONATE MORE AT A TIME. WHAT THE HELL EDMUND. Edmund loves to waste your time instead of letting you play a game. I cannot believe this has not been fixed even since the first game.Beggars - Another good way of spending pennies that isn't cancerous and grindy. Spending a penny, one at a time, gives a chance of a small resource drop or a full-on upgrade. This is actually acceptable to give only one at a time because the beggar takes them faster than slot machines or skull games do, and you will usually not even need to give 20 pennies before the beggar goes away. This takes like 20 seconds compared to the several minutes of slamming your head against a wall with the slots.UNAVOIDABLE DAMAGEThe more this game is updated, the more unavoidable damage that keeps finding its way into the game. Sometimes getting hit really, really matters. And it sure matters if your'e going for the no-damage achievements. There is even a character who dies in one hit. Too many times you get damaged because of a stat check or an enemy's design combined with a room's design. Some examples, but not limited to:Suicide bombers - Very fast movement and enough life to take a couple hits, unless you were lucky with damage upgrades. If you don't have a good speed stat or a good damage stat, you will be hit in a small room. Sorry. Deal with it. Goodbye no-damage run, or goodbye because you were low on hearts already. If the bombers are bunched up a little better when you get into the room, you might be able to run around them. Suicide bomber problems are not too rare.Creep - Puddles of damage left on the floor by enemies. At certain times, especially in the small-sized boss rooms, you might be left with nowhere to move and be forced to walk onto the stuff or just eat a bullet because you can't move. Congrats - you just got hit. This is pretty rare, at least.Enemy Brimstone - There is one boss who shoots a beam of damage and makes it spin around the room from its origin...it's a classic gaming convention; memories of Contra 3. The problem with it is that the boss position is random. If he is against a wall then, well...congrats - you just got hit.Room shape + enemy AI - Some rooms do not give you space to move; there is a single path the size of your character that goes around the room. See any fast enemies or is your damage just too low? Well congrats - you just got hit.UNFUN BAD RUNSI know bad runs are an important part of the genre, but it doesn't mean a bad run can't be fun. This game handles the existence of bad runs awfully. In many games, a hard run is hard because it's hard to dodge things, or just that fighting is hard in general and you don't have great items. In this game....it is hard because you will spend 15 seconds on one stupid enemy because you're a weak peice of crap. He's still gonna stand there like a dumbass, or just limp at you like a moron while you pelt peas at him as you circle the room. Wow, skill. Actually it's just wasting my time. Much of the time, being too weak just makes rooms take insanely long and makes the game boring. Weakness should be introduced in a way that doesn't make the game take literally 10 times as long, such as enemies being able to beat your face in harder; not by forcing me to kite each stupid guy around a room for 30 seconds while I'm yawning.Bosses are even worse as they might take several minutes when you're a weak peice of crap. A lot of them this doesn't even make harder. It makes them agrind. You will be doing the same stupid predictible dodging pattern on a boss for about 6 years and falling asleep until you lose concentration out of boredom. A challenge is fun, but a 'challenge' that makes me spend disgusting amounts of time walking around a room basically invincible is not fun. Not all bosses are easy like that, but that doesn't make it any more fun dodging the same attack for 3 minutes while throwing ping pong balls.Hard runs like this also often force you to slam your face against slot machines all day. Ugh....Introduce a challenge that isn't about wasting time and gross repetition.GRINDINGThough a recurring element elsewhere, this is mostly about donation machines. You can put pennies into donation machines that are usually just in stores for the benefit of upgrades and bonuses that is persistent through runs. This is fun! But wait...Having a big money run and ready to spend that juicystack of 99 pennies in the donation machine? Well there is a chance that the machine jams for no reason. Congrats - you just donated like 3 pennies and now can't donate until the next run.This is especially bad in greed mode where you can't even donate until the end of the game. Not only is it tough to have pennies left by the end of greed mode, the last boss makes you drop pennies when hit. This is all pretty okay. The real problem is that the greed machine, once it's at a pretty good donation rate, has up to 20% chance of jamming. Trying to get 999 pennies in there to unlock the extra character? Well I hope you like beating the whole game for the chance to insert a whole penny :-) thanks for the grind. I like when games are about grinding and luck instead of skill so this is great for me.Continued in comments."
,Recommended,250900,12927971,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Caesar Zeppeli,11/10 You can vomit knives
,Recommended,250900,12809521,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,lee,My ultimate game when I want fun & suffer together.
76561198104090045,Recommended,250900,13245593,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,NATOTHUNDER,"This game is an exclusively incredible game. I played the original and I got a pretty big boner. when i played this game. I had to get a 3 sized up underwear because my♥♥♥♥♥♥was that hard. I will say a summary of each character. Isaac: sexy and I would bang, with his sex toy, The D6, he is horny and unstoppable. Magdalene: Fat♥♥♥♥♥♥that no-one likes. Cain: Sexy one-eye beast that everyone likes. Judas: Powerful and arrousing. Eve: No words to describe my hatred, only good if you have alot of hearts then use guppys paw. Samson: Was good, but with the change he is now♥♥♥♥♥♥ Azazel: So ♥♥♥♥ing over powered, love him. Lazarus: pretty gay. Eden: can be good, but mostly a homo, random everything, what a ♥♥♥♥ing loser. Overall, great game, 10/10 would get.P.S WARNING! This gives the same effect as viagra gives you!!!"
,Recommended,250900,15571311,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,-=GHS=-SnipingPanda,"Best game I have played in a while. Great graphics, kinda hard when you first start but gets easy later on!"
76561198053899319,Recommended,250900,15298053,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Toolala,Tryd biulding a 4th Level Meatboy.Now want to commit scuside.10/10 would pull trigger agian.
,Recommended,250900,33142780,Posted: 2 July,all,t-roz,"If you enjoy the classsic top down Zelda dungeon crawling this game is for you. It provides many randomized levels with different pick ups and power ups along the way. It is a punishing yet rewarding experience where you get better and the game gets harder the more you play. With many things to unlock and discover, The Binding of Isaac does not get old or tiring quickly. It is recommending you google search Platnium God for a helpfull guide with all the items for any version of this game you are playing (DLC or not). Bisnap is great player to watch as well to learn more about the game. I've been playing since the original flash port of this game along with all of its expansions along the way and I am allways looking forward to more updates and DLC that is released."
,Recommended,250900,12960966,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,bp,"Better than the original in basically every way (although the soundtrack is somewhat of a mixed bag; some of it is much better, some of it is... meh)."
,Recommended,250900,12934231,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ninja,"This is the game The Binding of Isaac was meant to be.Do you remember all those bugs the old Flash version had? Do you remember the lack of updates due to the limitations of the Flash engine?All of the known bugs have been fixed, the game runs smooth as butter, the graphics are beautiful (I admit I use he Filter option to smooth it out), and you get so much new content it feels like far more than just an expansion.Buy now if you enjoy hard ""rogue-like"" games that kill you over and over again until you rage-quit!"
,Recommended,250900,33148673,Posted: 2 July,all,Псих,"Every run is a new experience, a single chance at heaven or hell. If you die, it's back to scratch."
,Recommended,250900,12840733,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Purantsu,"11/10. I loved the first one, but Rebirth is a lot superior in basically every way.I was afraid too much would be changed from the original game, but it feels nearly exactly the same. Controlling your character, dodging bullets and predicting the enemies' movements, it's all smooth and polished, it certainly runs better than Flash as well.I must admit, I was quite tired of BoI: Wrath of the Lamb. I put countless hours into it and at last I couldn't play any more, I felt like I had seen and done it all (except those two pesky, frustrating no-damage achievements), but when I jumped into Rebirth, everything seemed so fresh. I felt like discovering the sheltered world of Isaac all over again.The graphics are done just right, Nicalis did a great job with their pixel craftsmanship. I can't imagine Binding of Isaac ever looking better. The enemies, bosses, animations, explosions and lasers all look so amazing, especially with some crazy item combos.Edmund McMillen and Nicalis designed a tremendous amount of additional content for us to explore. I'm 30 hours into the game and I still have a very long way ahead of me. I feel overwhelmed (in a good way!) and I can't imagine what it must be like to reveal the immensity of possibilities in Rebirth with no prior Isaac experience. Ienvyyou, guys.My only complaint is that some of the music tracks could follow the climatic orchestral theme a bit more instead of the rock-ish parts, but it's not as bad as some people make it seem and I enjoyed most of the sound track."
,Recommended,250900,19553386,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD COMMUNISM,Livin the pain and misery of finding Godhead as Azazel since 2015
,Recommended,250900,20692566,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Erikku,"Take heed fellow gamers! The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is not for the faint of heart. This game will test many things of you!First, your standards and tolerance of what's acceptable to see in video game graphics and story. Isaac features cartoon depictions of urine, fecal matter, drug references, blood/guts, religious commentary/references, and darker references. Not bothered by these? Proceed.Second, this game will test your luck. Every playthrough is random provided you don't enter in a seed for it. The only thing you'll find that are the same are the floor themes you traverse and general enemies you'll find. Otherwise, floor and room layouts are randomized. You'll never know what item you'll find in a treasure room, or whether risking health or resources is worth it for an item that may or may not be there. You may get a tremendously helpful item or something that could even make your run more challenging if you don't know what it is. A big part of the game is making the most out of the cards... errr items (you still find cards) that are given to you, taking risks, and creating your own luck.Finally, this game tests your prediction, dodging, and less so: aiming skills. Oftentimes you're placed in overwhelming situations where you must act quickly deciding on where to move to avoid attacks, or predict where an enemy might move towards you. As the game progresses you're placed in somewhat to literal ""bullet hell"" situations where you must carefully path around projectiles clumped together. You'll eventually learn quick reactions and proper pathing to navigate around damage.This isn't an easy game and many will find themselves frustrated with potentially bad luck or how difficult it is to remember what everything does or how to deal with certain enemies/layouts. This difficulty can be a turnoff for many. It's not brutal like a few other games, but it definitely ain't no Legend of Zelda.Speaking of Legend of Zelda.... Well, The Binding of Isaac series does take some inspiration from Zelda aesthetically and gameplay-wise. Describing gameplay of Isaac: I would say it controls like a multidirectional shooter (like Robotron 2084) with dungeons and item collection/powerups taken from The Legend of Zelda generated in a rogue-like manner.Once you will yourself to keep pushing through the initial frustrations of dying again and again you'll find yourself addicted to bettering your playthroughs. You first make it past the first few floors. Then you finally pass one checkpoint. Then another checkpoint. You've finally beaten a complete playthrough.... but then you realize you've only completed this with the base character (Isaac) and have to do the same with the ten (twelve if you have the Afterbirth expansion) unlockable who all possess different starting stats and items.On top of this you're given various challenges, secrets, and achievements that unlock more content in the game that will truly test your skill whether it be going through a run handicapped (like relying on low-damage close range weapons) or traversing two floors without incurring damage.Sooner or later you're dedicated to completing every last secret and challenge to the point you hit that praised ""Platinum God"" status. Then what's left? Self-imposed challenges! I personally like seeing how high of a win streak I can attain with the game's random character: Eden; whom starts every run with random stats and two starting items. As expected you're tasked to deal with what you've started with and see if you can win even with a bad starting item or stat.Isaac Rebirth's nostalgic graphics are solid. While I generally frown upon indie games tugging at nostalgia using retro graphics: Rebirth does put some appreciated modern touches into the mix using dynamic lighting and filters. At first I found myself not too sure about the game's departure from the flash style seen in the previous iteration in the series, but looking back: the flash style was crude and somewhat ugly. The game's soundtrack is very fitting with a select few being memorable. It's nothing that'll win awards, but some tracks do warrant adding to your MP3 player if you're into game soundtracks.So who would I recommend this game to? A dedicated gamer who's looking for tough, rouge-like, and addictive ""climb-the-latter"" gameplay. Just by addictive gameplay and content alone: I've placed The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth/Afterbirth into my Top 10 favorite games."
,Recommended,250900,33169042,Posted: 2 July,all,The Blexican,"An addictive love/hate relationship, ohhh baby."
,Recommended,250900,21420775,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Candice,It is the sh*t. Literally
,Recommended,250900,18970311,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Gigilo,"This is the most ♥♥♥♥ed up game I've ever played, after Sonic 2006 of course. 10/666."
,Recommended,250900,12799111,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tommyaka - Zzz,It definetely needs some getting used to from the epic original The Binding of Isaac but nonetheless... This is an epic upgrade on visuals and on the game engine itself - I have been able to run the game much longer than the original without performance issues and a solid fps! :D
,Recommended,250900,13479684,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Keasbey Days,"If the older generations truly want to get today's youth more interested in religion, they should just replace all copies of the Bible in stores with this game."
,Recommended,250900,12932351,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jackx232,"what a ""poopy"" game"
,Recommended,250900,17462117,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Nero Chinki,"A huge improvement in every aspect compared to the original, a must have for indie gamers around the world."
76561198276104504,Recommended,250900,30094418,Posted: 21 February,all,jes.alford,"This game is a never ending source of frustration and elation.  Endlessly playable, hard to master, and enigmatic, this game is one of my personal favorites, but it is certainly not for everyone.  If you want a purely casual experience, something heartwarming or meaningful, just go ahead and skip this.  If you're into unsettling and iconoclastic themes you will adore the feel of this game. It's mechanics are impeccable and I grew to love this game the more I played it.  Don't expect to 100% this game unless you're willing to wait for luck to strike.  Random and punishing, the Binding of Isaac is a can't-miss indie game that will make you rethink dificulty curves and make you miss hand-holding tutorials.  Prepare to get screwed gentlemen and ladies."
,Recommended,250900,23974728,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,WHEREISSPACEBAR,Great game. Relatable story.11/10.
,Recommended,250900,14484753,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Wabbit Tender ( ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º),"I r8 dis gaem 8/8 m8, no b8. If u h8 its cuz u r str8 b8. Its gud gaem mayb best gaem n wurld"
,Recommended,250900,28983379,Posted: 3 January,all,RNZA,"Finish Basement 1Alright! No too bad so far!Next floor is Burning basementEr, I can still make it thruEnter's Boss RoomThe Boss is Champion Haunt.The room is small with little dodging Room.♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,250900,18196285,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,aspateer,Better than the original in every single way.
,Recommended,250900,33155805,Posted: 2 July,all,PillowCase,It's an incredible game! I would give it a 9.4/10. Mainly because after long runs it can get repetitive! Although I think it's a great gam I would recommend waiting for a sale!
,Recommended,250900,26804246,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✘CrazyWildPanda,"I killed my mom then jumped into her womb10/10 would do it again, incest have never been that fun"
76561198019583102,Recommended,250900,34095264,Posted: 7 August,all,Catbus,"Adored this game, absolutely love it, but Afterbirth+ only adds content and features that are ""trolly"" and annoying, like the black hole spawns every 2nd room, and more and more types of tanky enemies that explode into projectiles. The game is not as fun anymore because it feels like a chore."
76561198013515086,Recommended,250900,12822167,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,simple slug,amazing knocked my socks right off 10/10
,Recommended,250900,16529415,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,kaizo,how the hell do you have all this crap in your basement
,Recommended,250900,32833093,Posted: 26 June,all,~TheAmazingCrispy  ҉,A baby that can SHOOT tears and turn into a demon who is running from his mother. Is there a life lesson to be learnt here? Probably. Haven't figured it out yet...
,Recommended,250900,19876441,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[WTF] The Pybro,"Binding of Isaac Rebirth is one of my favourite games at the moment, due to it's skill-based advancement in the game and the high replayability due to the random rogue-like game-mechanics.Pros:Rogue-like mechanics (Permanent death, random generated levels)skill-based advancement, the game gets harder the farther you get in a run and in the (save)game as a wholegood controls (xbox 360 controller is a must have!)many many items and mechanics to exploreability to play Co-Op (local only)the game gets harder over timeCons:Can be very frustrating when you loose, especially at the beginningIt's a hard gameTo conclude, people who like to feel their own improvement and to explore the games mechanics, enemies, bosses and items should give this game a try!"
,Recommended,250900,30602938,Posted: 18 March,all,Tevran,"The Binding Of Isaac is a great game. Tons and tons of replay value, an amazing community and now with supported mods its even better. only complaint is that afterbirth + instead of being an update for the afterbirth DLC costs $. not a whole lot to offer there but still a great game none the less"
76561198045355111,Recommended,250900,15774082,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Toots,Depression Quest 2 - The Depressioning
,Recommended,250900,16954435,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Reki·L(و´·ω·`)وレキ·L,"This game is a real challenge in a good way (80% luck,lol) .I love this game a lot, it's just awesome!"
,Recommended,250900,29627490,Posted: 1 February,all,Ginopinoshow,It's a drug. It's simply a drug.
76561198089952821,Recommended,250900,13639352,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,hemmiT,Good Game. I got the glitch fixed. If youre keyboard gets stuck too. Do this. Go to My Games.The binding of isaac: Rebirth. Then options. Then Do controllerhot or whatever its called. And Put 1 to 0.Should be fixed.
,Recommended,250900,13495460,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mariobro 🌸,"Contains everything a remake should: More characters, items, just content in general, and poop physics.This game is fabulous, but difficult, and it will spend your time faster than you can buy a watch.At a constant 60 fps, it's certainly better than the original game. The music is pretty great, too.tl;dr it's good, buy it"
,Recommended,250900,12823573,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Jab,"The definitive edition of The Binding of Isaac. Featuring a lot more enemies, items, challenges, characters and mechanics. If you loved the original then this is a must buy even with the higher price tag due to all the new content. If I had to mark it down for anything it would be the sound as I liked the songs and music from the original better but that's just a matter of taste."
,Recommended,250900,12793869,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,buru no zoid,Pros: ROOMS FULL OF POOP and SATANCons: Have not found ROOM FULL OF POOP yet
,Recommended,250900,13796304,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,0x10F2C,im a masochist
,Recommended,250900,12791966,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Pbshiver,Really good! I love it. Definatley a good upgrade to the first Binding of Isaac!
,Recommended,250900,26720389,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,naic hat (WEMP),"Great sequel to a great game! The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the story of a kid named ""Isaac"" who's trying to run away from his psychotic mother.PROS:Lots of replay valueGreat Rougelike gameAfterbirth adds a lot of contenteither get it when you start or when you get Real Platinum GodCONS:Music isn't as good as the firstCan be too easy or too hard at times9/10"
,Recommended,250900,12790649,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Arrakis,No moar Flash? YES PLZ!
,Recommended,250900,12790441,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Albinobob,What a mysterious jogo
,Recommended,250900,18886433,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,The Enmity of Amity,"Great game, needs online coop though.Pew pew pew"
,Recommended,250900,12792981,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kragor,"fun little game with replay value, perfect for killing some minutes. or hours. only minus about the game is that the main dev guy is a big baby that seems to like making changes to random♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game just to spite certain people."
,Recommended,250900,13066968,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Rushin' Russian,Best R key holding simulator ever.
76561198119135774,Recommended,250900,25904563,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Zethareos,"I'm going to grade this game out of 10, with 3 points being items, another 3 points being difficulty, and 4 for gameplay.ItemsMost of the items in the game are very original and can create amazing benefits, especially with devil deals and angel deals. Some items cancel others out, though, such as Monstro's Lung and Brimstone. There are also some REALLY bad items just to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, such as any of the bean items. Overall, the items get a 2/3.DifficultyHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥this game can be hard. Some characters, such as ??? or The Lost, are there just to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. But this difficulty (can) make this game more addicting, as you try and try to get a good combo. When you do, the game is a breeze, but the difficulty makes the game more enjoyable and more satisfying when you beat bosses. 2.5/3GameplayThe gameplay is not as unique as other games, but I'll give it credit for its originality in floors. The dungeon crawler-esque game can be very frustrating, as you might have to start over and over to get a good seed. Using tears as a weapon is great in itself, as it corresponds with the story. Overall, it is unique and fun to play. 3/4The total grade is 7.5/10. Very fun and addicting, a must have, but needs some tweaks."
,Recommended,250900,12977692,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bawser,Best♥♥♥♥♥♥ever.
76561198071088292,Recommended,250900,12977134,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,"Hey, It's a Duck (chunk)",A fantastic remake of an already great game.
,Recommended,250900,31848008,Posted: 19 May,all,Najheran,"One of my favourite games of all time, its very rare to ever have 2 runs be remotely the same. The variation and randomness keeps me coming back."
,Recommended,250900,30116492,Posted: 23 February,all,Nothero Hype,"This game is a pitfull, is a delirious jail of all your free time.And 100000% is a key.Now i'm free."
,Recommended,250900,12790539,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,C Δ L X Δ Σ,"The best game,but better!BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ <3"
76561198046776810,Recommended,250900,12811621,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,jmanVI,8/8 m8.
,Recommended,250900,12813689,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,sBeeti,"If you loved Binding of Isaac, You will love this game.Pros-Binding of Isaac, but REBORNCons-Same game but less memes"
,Recommended,250900,31838663,Posted: 19 May,all,w0lf,"""The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth"" is a frustratingly addicting game. Despite having a very small mechanics learning curve, the difficulty and the rogue-like nature of the game make it a refreshing experience everytime I start a new run.At the same time, the amount of unlockable items, challenges, characters, and achievements are a definite plus if you are wondering if it's worth the money. This game will challenge you into several hours of mixed-feelings fun: you either go all the way and emerge victorious, or you spend way to much time, only to be killed by a fly.Great game overall!----------------!!! Update 100+ hours and with the Afterbirth+ DLC !!!Still highly addictive, but frustrating nonetheless. :D"
,Recommended,250900,26583162,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SHIZO *fag,Noice
,Recommended,250900,18480882,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,The Gemsbok,"This review analyzes how Edmund McMillen and Nicalis'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirthis a spiritual successor to the original 1986Legend of Zelda.[. . .]Isaac's map may hold unspeakable challenges at inopportune times, or may provide an unexpected bounty when it is needed most. These are situations which make for a tense and interesting game to play, and these are the attributes of the exploration inThe Legend of Zeldawhich made it such a massive success. [. . .][Click here to continue reading this review]"
,Recommended,250900,12824519,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,GET ME OUT OF THE BONE ZONE,"*REVIEW FROM V1.0*The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. A dungeon crawler rogue-like indie game. It is a truely fun game and brings the original to shame. I will be rating this review in 5 parts: gameplay, replayability, stability (as in bugs and such), graphics, and finally overall score.Gameplay - 10/10This game is a legend of zelda rogue like game with many characters to pick and choose from, including but not limited to Isaac, Judas, and Azazel. As you go along the game, picking up items to make you more powerful, you discover new creatures, rooms, and secrets. It plays well with a keyboard and is controller optimized, but isn't really the kind of game you would want to use one on. I am not taking off points for it, however, for putting the controller optimization in it, and the fact that keyboard controls are simple but easier to use.Replayability - 10/10The whole game is about unlocking new items, characters, bosses, and floors. No run is ever the same, in terms of who you fight and what items you get. The more you play, the more items and characters you unlock with in turn allows for EVEN MORE things to get. This game rewards you for finding ""secrets"" and all endings, by giving you items and extending the game, making it harder. This 15 dollar game is definitely going to get you 200+ hours out of it, maybe even closer to 500 or 600.Stability - 10/10I have expirenced no bugs over the course of my playing this game. It came out in an extremely stable fashion.Graphics - 9/10The graphics are 16x type graphics rather than the smoother graphics of the original. This form of graphics was chosen by the fans of the game, and thus is to the liking of most. I am docking one point, however, because the music doesn't necessarily fit the graphics. The music is an orchestral soundtrack, yet the graphics are 16x. They just don't fit well.Overall score - 9.75/10Rebirth is an amazing game, because it is a fresh new step for The Binding of Isaac and will bring loads more fun than normal Binding of Isaac + Wrath of the Lamb. This game is balanced a lot more and has added 150+ new items and many, many new enemies and bosses. Get it first chance."
76561198136445943,Recommended,250900,31363237,Posted: 25 April,all,Galileo007,No words can truly describe bow much dungeon crawler games need to learn from this.
,Recommended,250900,25289278,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,☠ ☹ AferaPizamowa ☹ ☠,JAPIERDOLE
,Recommended,250900,12823307,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bläckfisk,this game is better than the binding of isaac
76561198095141770,Recommended,250900,12790532,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,King Horse,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the best game ever made.Now, I know this may seem like a tall statement, especially given that I’ve only played the game’s menu screen, but hear me out.TBoI: Rebirth is a better version of the game that recreates my childhood. Everything, from my mother trying to sacrifice me to the lord, to my battle with Satan, was somehow seen by Edmund McMillen. And though I sometimes wonder how, I remind myself that there is no way Edmund McMillen could have been watching me when I was a kid, based on my knowing about his life, and based on me living across the Pacific Ocean.He couldn’t have been watching.However he found out, I am so grateful. Nobody believed my story when I reappeared at school years later. I even had mom’s body to prove it. Plus I was malnourished and covered in poo. The authorities said that she was killed when a large Bible fell on her head, and that was that; though I said I KILLED HER. And they just laughed at me. They wouldn’t even investigate the trap door to the underworld I REPEATEDLY told them about. They told me that I needed to see what I now know is a child psychiatrist. I will hate them till the Sun dies.Because he’s a great games designer, a trip into my childhood doesn’t last years. If you survive like I did, it lasts about an hour. McMillen understands that games shouldn’t be too realistic. I mean, if THIS game were realistic, then you would feel never-ending sadness, dehydration, nightmares, and boss battles.I think, actually, that it’s important that he made it fun. If the game felt like what my experience really really felt like, then no one would want to finish playing my story. Only the really sad people.I’m too filled with emotion to write much more. I feel so honored by the existence of Rebirth. And though I know that playing this game may unleash more memories I’ve repressed, and though the improved graphics and sounds will make it more vivid, I know that I won’t get PTSD. I am so glad. Can't wait to play this during the Christmas holidays. I have no family because they are dead.20/10"
,Recommended,250900,13123658,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,_Spooky Delight_,The game has a pill that causes a Lemon party.10/10Would♥♥♥♥♥♥on the floor again.
76561198080360450,Recommended,250900,12824631,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cubix Rube,"cried on poop and got a key out of it, then opened a door and became a cat.10/10 Isaacs would Binding again.rest in rests"
,Recommended,250900,12812109,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TuneR,Pretty much Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare10/10 would advance again
,Recommended,250900,12802220,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Flexidizzle :3,It's a game alright.10/10
76561198119612135,Recommended,250900,12919528,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dude Bro Rocco,"All Aboard The Hype Train Woo Woo!Fans of Binding Of Isaac will be pleased to see such a huge change in the game's graphics, new additions, and so many new things its everything you could ever ask for!The graphics have been uped to give us more details on little things making everything look perfect. Many new endings, bosses, enemies, characters, and rooms have been added meaning you will never have the same experience AGAIN.If you've played the old one you get to get re-immersed in the game and if you're new you might have a bit of trouble starting off but the game pushes you into it making you learn by playing like: Don't ever stand still. Bosses from the old game remain quite similar but look astonishing in the game and now there are many new bosses (Spoiler: A Poo Monster named Dingle <-- Its let alone the reason to buy the game), I never knew poo could look so detailed.If you thought this game was going to just be the old game with a graphic revamp you couldn't be more wrong! Trust me this game is worth the money, <cough> Unlock Azazel as fast as possible <cough>"
76561198041376656,Recommended,250900,12942157,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Cthulhu's Reign,I can't stop playing.......Everytime I close my eyes all I can see is a naked kid shooting tears at his mother.....I try to put it down but I...I.. just can't.  Gotta play it just one more time.  Maybe I haven't unlocked everything....Maybe there is an even more secret secret ending.....Maybe I can get that one item that will make the game a breeze....I can put it down at any time....I really can....Now I am going to go print off pictures of Isaac to shoot up in my eye balls.    Great game 10/10
,Recommended,250900,22159877,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Eremus007,"It has a dark ambiance; is very disturbing and VERY entertaining.The game may be a little hard for new players, but practice makes great!It plays very smoothly on almost any pc that can play old school graphics.This is one of the games I can play over and over and ALWAYS get a different run and it NEVER gets old.9.5/10"
,Recommended,250900,13884720,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[TW]Swift_Brutal_Death,"I really enjoyed the first Game and finally sprung for the sequel.  It has been a blast so far.  Basically the same game with some new twists and additions.  One thing I really enjoy is in the old one every room was the same size square, while this one includes larger rooms, sometimes a square, sometimes a long tunnel room.  The visuals have been updated giving more details to the rooms.  For $15 the gameplay is fun and fluid, the graphics are great, the sound and music are great. 5/5"
76561198058854024,Recommended,250900,18781120,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dawidek,Yes
,Recommended,250900,12816108,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ocelotworstp.,Pure awesomeness !!!
76561198168245957,Recommended,250900,16241454,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,LinneaCecilie,I like this game a lot
,Recommended,250900,14440554,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,/shugazi/,"One of the best game purchases I've made, quality game with hours and hours of replay value."
,Recommended,250900,13226799,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,kauemo,"Way better than the first version, the new itens are really fun. The only problem is the lack of sinergy with some itens."
,Recommended,250900,18969601,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Super,"For some reason, a majority of the negative reviews for this game as of now are mostly unrelated to the main game itself. The DLC for the game ""Afterbirth"" recently came out, and some people who were upset with a timegating issue are taking it out on this game by posting negative reviews. Don't let any negative reviews posted after November 3rd discourage you from buying this game, they have to do with Afterbirth, not Rebirth itself. Personally, I wouldn't reccommend Afterbirth at this time, it was released in quite a buggy state. This game, however, is fantastic. If you ever played the Flash Binding of Isaac and enjoyed it at all, you will really love this game.Pros:Tons upon tons of content. It took me 200 hours on the vita to getPlatinum Godand that isn't countingReal Platinum God/Completing The LostTons of items, and everything is randomly generated! No two runs are the same!The graphics are fantastic, best classic throwback I have ever seen.Many different characters who each have different ablilites/items.Synergys... Nearly every item has another item it works well with.Cons:Some challenges aren't very... challenging.Hard mode does nothing other than limit heart drops."
,Recommended,250900,19537114,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Moist Oyster,"For Some Reason I couldn't play this today maybe because of the update but for the times that i did play it, it was awesome"
76561198119480491,Recommended,250900,14536908,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,[Edgy Name],"Only game that will get you saying things like:""If I take this dead cat that lard I ate will be useless""""Yay! I got cancer""""After this room I will have another charge on my D""""I finally killed mom""EDIT - Get the base game, its fun, challenging and original. Get the DLC if you want to rip your hair out with artificial difficulty and the story of a butthurt dev that created a troll cashgrab to get back at his own community. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED![9001/10] Overall AMAZING game. ENdless hours of fun, huge fanbase, many secrets to unlock. Also an evil troll engine which adds more fun (and sometimes screws you over with total BS *grumble grumble grumble*) WIth many Characters, Bosses, Floors, Items and Challanges and so many great and awful synergies, it is easy to spend hours on this game, even when I think i'm done with it, I come back for more. So, to summarise:Positives:* 450+ Passive and Active items* 20 Challanges* 4 Billion Different Random Seeds* Controller Support* Local Multiplayer* Huge Fanbase* 100+ Special Seeds* 10 Playable Charcters* 50+ Bosses* Multiple Saves* Upcoming DLC* More!* Great Graphics and FramerateNegatives:* Getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when you loose a great run* Still Fairly Expensive* Some unlockables VERY difficult to Obtain (*coughTHE LOSTcough*)* The Bloat.... The.... Mothertrucking.... Bloat...."
,Recommended,250900,14343076,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,professional food reviewer,"the binding of isaac rebirth is a fantastic game, that is all"
,Recommended,250900,20223339,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,adata,"One of my favourites, recommend to everyone who likes challenging and rogue like games. It never gets boring, hundred of items and items combinations, lots of enemies, cool bosses, high skill cap"
,Recommended,250900,14938283,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Jay-Free,Amazing indie game with incredible depth!Right up there with some of the best roguelikes ever made!Certainly worth the money!
,Recommended,250900,21004907,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Murky,"The mechanics of this game is outstanding, and is the main factor that makes you keep coming back.And if you're the type of guy who sees the worth of game by how many hours a game can provide verus its cost. Well my friend, what you have here is a free to play."
,Recommended,250900,13235429,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Capt. Pizza,"What's there to not like about this game?Buy it.  If you don't like it, I don't want to know you."
,Recommended,250900,12887366,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Oliver Hart,"Can't recall the last time I've been this pleased with a game purchase from steam. If you liked the original you'll love this one even more, if you are new to the game no worries because its way easier than the first.Recommend to anyone"
,Recommended,250900,19369245,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Notorious Senior,lmao
,Recommended,250900,14450216,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,~❤Kince❤~ TF2 Anyone?,I can not get enough of this blood game it is that good i really highly reccomend this game especially if you know someone who would enjoy dark messed up humour
,Recommended,250900,13131093,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,sweggles,"Truly an amazing and refined game. It takes all the elements that made the original so good and makes them even better. Any flaws, completely fixed. The addition of tons of new items, new enemies, new endings, a whole bunch more synergies, and more than enough characters and challenges to keep you busy for a llong time, Rebirth is easily one of my favourite this year."
76561198051893150,Recommended,250900,12796941,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Vishi Swaz,I KISSED EDMUND'S WIFE
,Recommended,250900,14007135,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Steve Jobless,i got assulted by a pooi got canceri found the dead seascrollsi killed satanthen i played this gamei liked itbut then i got bord after a short time
,Recommended,250900,13425564,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,NickFade,69/10 Best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever
,Recommended,250900,15576658,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Madness Prince,"Its the same game but remastered with more items, more enemies, more bosses, more rooms, new soundtracks, new animations, new challenges, new characters, new endings, more harder and more poops."
76561198042003546,Recommended,250900,16142049,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Robbie922004,"Probably the best roguelike I've ever played. It's not an exaggeration to say that this game has hundreds of hours worth of content.The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a from-the-ground-up remake of The Binding of Isaac. It's got everything that the original had as well as a hearty host of brand new content.On the surface, this game is a simple twin-stick shooter/dungeon crawler where you fight enemies and go deeper. You fight through a series of rooms with the goal of finding the boss room, killing the boss, and moving down to the next floor. Along the way you'll find all kinds of different rooms and items. Items are the meat of the game. You get different items on each run (from item rooms, boss encounters, secret rooms, and loads of other ways), and with hundreds of items with wildly different effects, the possibilities and combinations are functionally endless.That random element is the key to the game's staggering replayability. No two runs are alike. Bosses, items, floor layouts, enemies, the list goes on. There's just so much variety, to an almost absurd degree. And with hundreds of unlockables that further contribute to that variety, you're in for a long ride if you want to see it all.As you play through and are able to win more and more runs, you unlock even more floors to go through, more bosses to see, and more items to find. Some things are unlocked by specific actions, while others are unlocked by simple actions like winning a certain amount of runs.Really, I can't praise this game enough. It's got great gameplay, a ton of content, and tons of things to discover."
,Recommended,250900,13709863,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,baccyman,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a fantastic remake of a highly acclaimed , it's new/old pixel graphics give a serious but fun ""this is still a game guys"" attitude. It deals well with darker themes that other games stray from by the use of dark humor. In five words The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is:InterestingAlternativeUnfairToughA much needed eye opener to new themesThe price may be £10.99 but it is well worth it."
,Recommended,250900,15574794,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MC Castle,"One of the best, and definitely the most difficult, games I've ever played. Massive amount of content, worth 3 times the amount you pay for it easily for the time you'll end up putting in just to get to the first ""all unlocks"" achievement. ;) Happily supported the dev and the composer by buying the fantastic soundtrack too."
,Recommended,250900,15796167,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Krocco,"""You will completely hate everything.You will start crying.You will get good at crying .""10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14870426,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Dank Poptarts,"I didn't even hear about the original until about a year ago. Was so obsessed with it, then my friend told me they were making a remake. 10x better than the original, more items, characters, bosses, secrets and it includes all items and bosses from the original and WotL dlc, I can't stop playing! One of the best remakes of an already amazing game."
,Recommended,250900,13356024,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Riptcurrent,"Big fan of the original BoI, so I obviously pre-ordered this as soon as I could, then, when I could play it, I played it right away, & was a little disappointed... disappointed in myself for expecting any less from this amazing game!!!! All the new items (that I've seen so far) are awesome, the new grapics compliment the game very well (it looks exactly how BoI was meant to be made) the new bosses (even though some are annoying to fight) are all unique & some are even fun to fight. The new characters are fun to use (though, I of course like Azazel better, i mean, Brimstone FTW!!!!) So, just to be clear:If you liked the original game: BUY IT!!!!If you haven't played the original, but your looking for something cool to play: BUY IT!!!!If you didn't like the original (though, you'd have to be quite the idiot not to): BUY IT ANYWAYS!!!!"
,Recommended,250900,12923295,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,bsnt,"WAT ,WAT ,WAT ?WAT CAN I SAY OF THIS FAKING GAME ?:NOFFEN JUST BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥N BLOW YOUR MIND ;QQQ;QQQQQQQQ"
,Recommended,250900,12821829,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,LockyLocky,"this game is a big improvment from the first Isaac. the bit graphics take some time getting used too, but when you do you enjoy the game alot more. the game runs far smoother than its counter part with no lag what so ever, i have never seen frame rate drop even once in my fisrt 10 hours of playing the game. the new addons with the bigger rooms and the extension of the item list make for fun combanations that are different every time. the only bad thing i can say are about the boss and enemy machanics. the charge of famine and the headless horsemen is very slow and easy to dodge compared to the older versions in WOTL. overall this game is a must buy for isaac fans who want a new chapter in the story and want to start all over again with new items and an entirely different experience while keeping the same play style in mind."
,Recommended,250900,13152943,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Nepgear,A masterpiece.
,Recommended,250900,13272437,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,sudruder,"If you played and enjoyed the first one, you are going to enjoy this one."
76561198064625550,Recommended,250900,13775059,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,cheeseyboy21,Never ending fun the game will stop at nothing to keep you on the computer
76561198007279761,Recommended,250900,13838412,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,kaziduck,Норм.
,Recommended,250900,13311749,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Coady,Excellent game!Great way to pass the time!
,Recommended,250900,13288931,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Grehg,This is my favorite game from 2014 even though it came out in November.  It's one of the only games in years that I actually anticipated and pre-ordered.  It's a complete improvement on the original Isaac.
,Recommended,250900,13114577,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TheWizardWhoDid,"I had quite a bit of time into The Binding of Isaac, so when I heard about a sequal I was excited. I played Rebirth all day the day it came out, and at least once a day, everyday, since then. This game takes everything the first one did right, and makes it better, while removing most of the things that weren't that good about the original. I foresee myself playing this game for a very, very long time!"
,Recommended,250900,13135712,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,no negotate wit teroests,"More of the same. If you liked the first, you are going to like this one."
,Recommended,250900,12791593,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,The Giant Rat,Poop killed me 10/10.
,Recommended,250900,12791632,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Leo Luster,"A large improvement on the base game. Most of the mechanics are the same and lots of bug fixes all around. New art style compliments the game very well and the new items add a lot more options to the game now. If you enjoyed the Binding of Isaac or simply want to play a fun Rouge-like game, this is the game for you.Overall 10/10 it's ok."
,Recommended,250900,12791317,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DiabolicalSloth,"Do you like fun?Yes?Play this.No?♥♥♥♥ you, play this.This is the sequel to the best game to come out of 2011 (I'm looking at you Skyrim) and  is bigger and better in every way.Buy it already and stop wasting your time."
,Recommended,250900,15524733,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Kittenpoop,"Frustratingly Addictive and probably one of the best games to buy ever...I dunno, im not good at writing reviews..."
,Recommended,250900,12791081,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,the massive ((show)),"I've only been playing a few minutes but this is some of the most fun I've had in a game. It's challenging, dark, funny and it's got more replay value than anything you'll ever play! Every run is different and you need to use your skill and wits to make sure you don't instantly die, which is awesome compared to some of the other games i'll play. Also, you can now come back to a game if you have to leave when in the middle of one, so if you turn of your PC your epic run will still be saved. Multiple game files are pretty convenient too!"
,Recommended,250900,17327658,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,GiveMeaGf6969,"Everything that made the original Binding of Isaac great but with plenty of additional items, bosses, characters, endings, performance boosts, multiple save files for if you want to start over without really starting over, and exiting the game no longer resets it. You simply drop back right where you left off via the ""continue.""It really is the epitome of The Binding of Isaac, everything it should have been to begin with.  It is more costly yes, but ultimately is worth every penny and gives you excellent value."
76561198115550821,Recommended,250900,12887255,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Qlaos,"Bigger and better than original. And original was already amazing. That should be enough said!But seriously, this game has ridiculous amount of content and it makes replayability just so damn high. If you have even slightest interest in the original Isaac, you want to play this. And if you loved the original, you already have bought this game as soon as it was released. Because why wouldn't you, this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,250900,25869760,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[SC_GS]F34Renegade,I have thoroughly enjoyed this game. I got the 1001% unlock and it probably has been one of my bigger gaming achievements. Great game and I highly recommend it to any and everyone.
,Recommended,250900,16776287,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dante,10/10 would die to poo again
,Recommended,250900,14151250,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dwebs,Just.. one.. more.. run..
,Recommended,250900,13220663,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,daev,Yes.
76561198059109180,Recommended,250900,12812769,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Orphan Muncher,So Damn Good...
76561198102190870,Recommended,250900,20020323,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Alexander Hamilton,What a game
,Recommended,250900,27086030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kosse,Hours later .. still as good as ever. A must have.
,Recommended,250900,13275588,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Zleoots,This game...Honestly one of the best games i've ever played.20/7 Gameinformarwould play againAlso ♥♥♥♥ the Mask of Infamy. 2 op
76561198105785312,Recommended,250900,14105802,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Apple Meat,"Have no life? Always wanted to waste that pesky thing called time away? Hoarder? Look no further, the Binding of Isaac Rebirth is for you.Addictive gameplay, strategy, and just overall a good time :)"
,Recommended,250900,13699350,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Eater of Dreams,"A game you should pick up if you`re a fan of the original, if you are curious, if you enjoy roguelike elements and challenge, or if you think jokes about child abuse and abortions are funny.Hardcore purists will have a few complaints compared to the original game, with a few tweaks and design changes not necessarily being perfect but for the most part everything has been improved. The frame rate, the controls, controller support, local co-op, a bigger item bank, more characters, more levels, more enemies, more bosses. It`s essentially a big expansion pack that irons out some of the technical issues the first game had while tweaking a few balance issues, for better or worse. Not quite a sequel, it wouldn`t be a crime to skip the first game and go directly to this one as the definitive edition of the Isaac experience.If you`ve exhausted the first game, this one will feel almost but not quite new, with some familiar elements mingling with all new sights and threats that bring back the sense of mystery and discovery again.I can safely call this and the original two of my favourite games of all time, despite the fits of rage they`ve given me, and I`d recommend them both to anyone who enjoys games, period."
,Recommended,250900,19645039,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ohti,"One of my most favourite games. There will ALWAYS be replay value, no matter how much you play it. Good for casual gamers."
76561198076565136,Recommended,250900,12811787,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Gutmust,"THE rouglite game, not a rouglite game as a label, but THE rouglite game."
,Recommended,250900,13042384,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Tourten,I love it now all it needs is steam workshop.
,Recommended,250900,13088207,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Ben,"Fantastic remake of the already great original. If you aren't sure, you can pick up the original for maybe $2 on sale [citation needed] and try it out"
76561198053783795,Recommended,250900,13416116,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,[OMED] Jamo Plays,"Even though I haven't played much of this sequal/reboot, I can honestly say that this is such a big improvement from the last game. From, new characters, new interesting and disgusting enemies, new characters and a new and somewhat creepier art style, this is the binding of isaac sequal/reboot we deserve!"
,Recommended,250900,12793070,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,-b--g-ama-,+great ost+ game work well on me 1st day release no issues so far+game run solid 60 fps so make game harder tho+ i just minor bug(but this can be patch after 1-2 week+new item new dungeon  new things+i buy half price on pre order bonus+for now i dont have bad thing about this game update this review after i play more+ 1st day release i been playing 119 min :3+my heart always beat so hard when fight satan and issac+game have more conten  that triple aaa game like assin creed+india game have ton of ton content+lot ending bad and good
76561198018452404,Recommended,250900,17181964,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,DinnerMaster,Honestly one of the best games I have ever spent my money on.
,Recommended,250900,13274580,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Papa Slothy,This game is awesome and i have 100% completed it so i think i can speak for it. ;D
,Recommended,250900,12805981,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ross,Buy it.
76561198096453510,Recommended,250900,12797411,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Salsa,"This game is gr8+""Sequel"" to Binding of Issac+New engine that runs at 60fps+Better than CoD: Advanced Warfare+Insane amount of new items+Insane synergies with said items+New art style+New music+Different way to unlock certain secrets now+Still better than CoD: Advanced Warfare+Has Wrath of the Lamb included without buying DLC+Infinite replay value (It's not a won run yet!)+Pressing ESC when in pause menu doesnt attempt to go to the main menu, IT GOES BACK TO THE GAME NOW!+/- Some bosses got revamped and are surprinsingly difficult.-Even though the music is good, I liked the originial and hoped for an option to bring back the orignial Binding of Issac music.-For toasters, there is no option to make the game run faster such as texture quality lowering-Controls are changed so orignial Issac players won't be used to the controls for a little bit-There is BS sometimes with shots such as Monstro'sI r8 it 8/8 m8"
,Recommended,250900,12894520,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,kharloff,"1 thousand times better than the original. I spent over a thousand hours watching, and playing the original Isaac, and I will never go back to the old one. The new one is much smoother, more fun, more OP, and a lot of the trash items were buffed.Buy it now. pls i r8 2/1"
76561198096565660,Recommended,250900,15802703,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dax Olisia,Not happy fun times for the whole family...
,Recommended,250900,13477886,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zedregex,This game taught me how to one-hit kill my mother with a bible 5/0.3
76561198022185584,Recommended,250900,14046671,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,FRAPS on my Google,Binding of Isaac + running on something other than Flash + Proper item interactions = probably the best roguelike experience I've had in years.
,Recommended,250900,12791527,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Paranoid,"My impressions ver.0.1.One of the best rogue-like actions got much better. Grab your money and throw them at the monitor cause this game worth them.+Smoother picture+Saves (!!)  - you still have one life but now you can save begin with the last chapter.+Some levels are bigger than standard cubes+Difficulty levels (easier to adapt for the beginers)+Big content to open and explore+Ingame gamepad support- At first glace - music in the original is better.Thank you, Edmund. This will be my hell of a ride at least for a month."
76561198143248797,Recommended,250900,18734894,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,C_Mill24,I can't stop! I can't stop playing!
,Recommended,250900,22908606,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Badrip Jortzis,"Most fun had playing as a young naked child forced to run from his extremely religious mother dressed in different trash like my mtother's underwear while shooting with my tears monsters,my mother,demons and god himself"
,Recommended,250900,26947228,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,northbad,I think its pretty good.
,Recommended,250900,16750890,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Titanius Anglesmith,This game is one of my favorite games of all time I recommend it very much.
,Recommended,250900,14146491,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,s3kshun 61,Almost worth 200 hours of your life. Almost.Edit 2:Almost worth 300 hours of your life. Almost
,Recommended,250900,15507763,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Karga,It is such an amazing game. Can't take my eyes of Isaac's tears. We are a family together with the buddies. This game taught me how to deal with my fears (i.e. i was scared of running out of toilet paper but it is now solved).
76561197998949153,Recommended,250900,17905601,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Winetta Scarlet™,"Lets get one thing straight. I do like this game. So far its been really fun. A great sequel. although the new soundtrack kind of kills the mood that the first one sets. At least for me it does. I feel unenthusiastic about the atmosphere from the overly techno style it has. The music alone is good but for me its not nearly as at setting the games overall atmosphere as the first game. So, Nicalis, Inc. and Edmund McMillen  can you guys make an update that gives the player an option to play the soundtrack from the original? I would really appreciate it."
,Recommended,250900,20458581,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kim Kimiko,"going into this game i had played vanilla for about 6 months on a standalone free version and then playing rebirth and afterbirth i have to say what an improvement for the player. firstly i love the visual changes because A: it lets people with lower end pc's, laptop's and toasters play the game at a higher level and B: because the change from flash to 8bit looks really interesting and visually appealling to me. Personally i have put alot of time and effort into the binding of isaac and to have rebirth released with better scaling more content new items and a better set of layouts and smoother animations for newer players i feel that the game has made a drastic improvement from vanilla. to add to this i love the edition of other characters like azazel and the lost (lazurus is♥♥♥♥♥♥imo haha) i feel they add new elements to the game and give it more variation to stop people getting bored within a few hours of gameplay. As for rebirth greedmode itself is average to me i didnt particulairly enjoy the game mode itself because the idea of hordes and arena style gameplay didnt really fit isaac for me however i did enjoy the edition of the keeper and lilith to the game aswell as unlocks for characters as you progress through greedmode which does allow you to ramp up characters who start out a bit weak without the dlc. The only issue i have with afterbirth is the item nerfs the reason for this is with afterbirth you become so reliant on item synergy to defeat some of the harder enemys or stupid ♥♥♥♥ing aoe from people like brownie which pisses me off because you need the have items that are stronger to fight them off also ♥♥♥♥ ragman ahahha overall though i definately reccomend getting both afterbirth and rebirth for the binding of isaac as its a huge improvement visually and gameplay wise from the orginal and i think those that want to try it out wont be dissapointed."
76561198118881949,Recommended,250900,29048320,Posted: 5 January,all,kasia110,Amazing game! One of my favourites.
,Recommended,250900,12792929,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ᴅᴀᴅᴅʏᴍᴇᴍᴇ,"this game has poop physics 11/10 would poop againSerious review:This game is an excellent remake of the original game.At first I wasn't sure if I would like the art style because I didn't think it would fit TBOI, but the game is actually really smooth and the art style is very refreshing. Still, if you don't like the pixel style of the game, there is an option to make everything look smoother.Another thing that I really like is that you have two difficulties now: normal and hard. The original game was already hard on its own, and the normal version is pretty much the same when it comes to difficulty. I haven't tried the hard mode yet, but I think this is really nice for those who love a challenge or have already beaten the game and gotten all the endings.While I still prefer the soundtrack of the previous game, the music in this game is very good and you will not be disappointed. It is very different from the original one, though.It is also good to see that they have added a lot more achievements (178 in total!), characters, enemies and items. This really changes the overall experience and makes it feel like a real game on its own, and not just the original game with different graphics and music.If you loved the original game, then you will love this too (maybe even more). It's definitely worth the money and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,250900,14113562,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,sK4R,"A very simple bullet-hell style game with massive replayability, with no setup time or commitment - you can just drop in, play a few floors, and drop out againRecommended to newbies and veterans alikeDefinitely a 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14169086,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Curious George,I've been waiting so long for this game to be remastered and here it is! Ten outta' ten!!
76561198044245052,Recommended,250900,13156515,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Im Lucky,You get to kill your own mother10/10 would play again
76561198096532052,Recommended,250900,13380061,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Fripa K.,Cool Favabeans
76561198066018722,Recommended,250900,13747871,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,RaineFalle,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, is a great and amazing game. I dont have much to say that others havent already said but I will say this: BoI:R is a great game to play any time, you could be at your home computer waiting for something to download or you could be playing it all night for the sheer fun of it, It never gets old and their is so many things that you will find even weeks after playing.The only thing that I didnt like at first as the aiming (arrow keys) since you cant aim diagonaly, but after playing a bit I realised it doesnt really matter, so I didnt care about it anymoreRating: 10/10 for what its meant to be"
,Recommended,250900,12812838,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Groudon383,This game expands upon the original in wonderful ways.Extremely addicting. I highly recommend it.Although resizing the window caused random sudden cpu spikes.
,Recommended,250900,13073660,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Call of Dew: Advanced Doritos,"Amazing game. Alot of people have been waiting for this game for years and the hype has built up so incredibly huge. 2 words. worth it. Some people dislike TBOI for one reason. It's hard. Yes, i will agree that it is a hard game, but you can't bash on a game because it is hard. Dark Souls is a very hard game and people love it. Super Meat Boy is very hard and people love it. This is a game that will seem extremely foreign to you, but that's the point of it; to learn how the game works and what items do. To conclude, if you want a game that will put up a challenge, take time to learn and have alot of fun with, you are looking for rebirth"
,Recommended,250900,14950447,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,painterskies,the only game where i can kill my mom and shoot lasers at satan.10/10 would eat dog food for breakfast again
,Recommended,250900,13446545,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,A Crazed Gunman,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a remake of the Binding of Isaac made in 2011. The remake features several changes of the original game while implementing some additional features such as items, characters, rooms, enemies, and many more. In this game the player plays as a young boy named Isaac who is being pursued by his mother who's attempting to sacrifice him as an act of obedience to God. The gameplay is a two dimensional roguelike/dungeon crawler with the objective of descending to the next floor while staying alive and traversing through obstacles and monsters. The player starts with tears as their starting weapon which can be upgraded further into more powerful weapons (lasers, homing tears, etc)As the title says, the game itself is a reference to a biblical story of the same name and contains a lot of biblical references in the game's contents (the bosses such as Duke of Flies or 7 deadly sins; the player characters are named after biblical figures, for example Cain, Judas and Eve; or the items like the Book of Revelations and Holy Grails).I have to say this is one of the best dungeon crawling game I've played because of how the game is flawlessly created.The good aspects of this game are:+HUGE AMOUNT OF NEW FEATURES. Bosses! Items! Challenges! Everything you could ever ask for came in one package! This is what a remake should be.+NO RUNS WOULD EVER BE THE SAME. Thanks to seed-based map, every runs would be different and you might get the items you wanted, or get the items you never wanted, or encountering a boss that makes you want to hold the R button (I'm looking at you Haunt)+ITEM SYNERGIES. Through luck and general knowledge you can combine several items to create powerful and one could even say unfair effects to the player character. For example one's character can fire homing lasers, spitting several bombs while being invulnerable to explosive damages, or being an unstoppable juggernaut with wings that can destroy rocks by simply flying through them+SEVERE CONSEQUENCES ON THE PLAYER'S DECISIONS. Hmmm? should I sacrifice my last 2 heart containers for a Brimstone? or should I risk my last heart to get inside the curse room hoping to get a good item or black hearts? or maaybe I can combine Epic Fetus with Soy Milk, what could go wrong anyway? The wrong decision can ruin a run that is supposed to have 100% chance of winning+IMPROVED ART DESIGN. At first I was slightly skeptical about the developer's decision of transforming the game's visual into pixelated art-style since many indie games these days claimed to have Metal-Slug-tier art style while in reality it's just colorful pixel covered with eye-gouging filters and lens-flare. Boy I was wrong, horribly wrong. Even though I won't say that the pixel art is as good as Metal Slug, the developer has put its concern on the art-style of the game. Every objects are beautifully detailed to the last pixel+DIFFICULT, IN A GOOD WAY. The game is carefully designed so that when you thought that you have known everything and killed It Lives several times, suddenly the game introduces you to hidden stages and after beating said hidden stages the game shows you some even more hidden stages with even more ridiculous bosses! The difficulty is not about adding bullet sponges to curb your progress, but the game gives you difficulty based on your current progress. If you can't beat Mom's Heart, then the game is still pretty forgiving, However once you reach the Chest or Dark Room, every single steps taken will make you think twice, if not thrice on your actions.Well no matter how good the game is, there are always flaws in them. The bad aspects of this game are:-HEAVILY LUCK-BASED. just pray to RNGesus that the game will give you seeds with good items-NO MORE SEED EXPLOIT. man, I'm gonna miss getting all those achievements with ease"
,Recommended,250900,16352284,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Docks,11/10 would gladly kill mom again :3
76561198154443536,Recommended,250900,16388100,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Karambit Knife,Cool
,Recommended,250900,21076973,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,vvoova3000,"Well, honestly I can't tell you much about this game, you have to play actually :D, but as for me, it's one of the most exciting games ever made and I am a great fan of TBoI."
76561198120477191,Recommended,250900,16781344,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ewanlom,10/01
76561198047850097,Recommended,250900,16610444,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Karsa,I didn't realize it was 4 in the morning
,Recommended,250900,17695360,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,kraus,"If you liked the original Binding of Isaac you will fall in love with Rebirth. Either you like rogue-like games or not, expect to become addicted to BoI:R.Pros:Infinite replay valueGreat artstyleTons of unlockables, items synergies and enemiesCons:The soundtrack is good, but it's not up to the level of its predecessor :_(Hard to combine with having a work and a girlfriend. You might have to choose"
76561198071588478,Recommended,250900,17949863,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Taters Mcmashtermind,"Does there really need to be anything said about this game? Why am i even typing this right now..... and why are you reading this?? Go play this game! I could not recommend this game more. From the art style, to the gameplay, everything is wonderful. The amount of time you can spend playing this game is unbelievable, I bought this game however long ago and i'm STILL playing it! Stop reading and go play this game, seriously, you're getting wierd now.... why are you looking at my forehead? it's not that big."
,Recommended,250900,17064816,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Gottschkopf,"Just. Plain. Damn. If you thought the original BOI couldn't be further improved, you are wrong! More items, enemies, characters, chapters. And there's a huge free update coming later this year! If you don't know what this game is about, better check out the original gameherefirst. These games are tough, so you need some skill and patience to fully enjoy them."
,Recommended,250900,17227653,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Oshikorosu,"【★　The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth.　★】The real question; would I recommend this game.  To plagiarize a line from a friends review, ""It feels like writing this review is redundant, as we all know how awesome this game already is.""  Without further ado;The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth as the successor of the original title, The Binding of Isaac, is a massive improvement over the original game.  However, it seems that when it comes to the circle of players of ""The Binding of Isaac"" franchise it would seem that you are either on, or off, the boat of the concept of the expansion, as many people who were huge fans of the original game did not care for the redefined artistic sense brought to life in Rebirth.With a plethora of new items, a schwack-load of new bosses, and some new content (The Dark Room and The Locked Door) this game brought a whole new experience to reality with the gameplay.  What was thought to be endless combinations of ridiculously overpowered synergies was exponentially multiplied and gameplay even further randomized.  You will most likely never play the same game of Rebirth.I personally own this game over multiple platforms and was one of the lucky ones to have snatched it up from the Playstation Network when it was free for PSVita, and happened to purchase it for PS4 and PC separately.  At the time of this writing, there is a planned expansion that will be releasing soon called ""Afterbirth"" which will continue to expand on the evergrowing possibilities that already has no end in sight.Yes, I vouch for this game.  Of course.  Honestly, if you read this far without purchasing the game, you've thought too much about it."
,Recommended,250900,17439142,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Bob moss,"Nice step up from the last BoI game. If you enjoyed the last one, then you'd enjoy this one. One thing i'd note is that it definitely feels a lot more easier than the last game.Killing your mom over and over again is pretty fun.Getting killed by random little poos that get flung at you isn't very fun.I'd totes recommend."
,Recommended,250900,14598281,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,UltraPikmin,The Binding of Isaac Rebirth is a sequel to the original game.I considered the orginal to be a masterpiece already and rebirth beats it in every way possible.Running in a very efficient engine with 60fps adds to the pleasant experience.This is my favourite game of all time and I'd recommend this to everyone!10/10
76561197996647755,Recommended,250900,14613642,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MathiasXII,"I like the original... except I couldn't believe I had to live with all the lag and limitations of flash! It made me mad...Then they announced the Rebirth... I was so excited to finally see it happening ! From the first time I played until now, I relived all the frustration and fun from the first game but without the technical limitations in Rebirth... this game is fantastic ! NOW I would recommend this game to everybody!"
,Recommended,250900,12792816,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,cuteboy,"♥♥♥♥♥on mom on the first try, worth the 420 year wait hyp!42O / 1O"
76561198060739536,Recommended,250900,33140664,Posted: 2 July,all,Ellis McGruber,"great game, high replayability"
,Recommended,250900,24435541,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ruby,"SUPER GOOD GAME VERSION 2AND I LOVED THE ORIGINAL ISAAC, THIS IS THE BEST."
76561198055264965,Recommended,250900,23221818,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,DMR II Reaper x,:)
,Recommended,250900,17280152,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,boy on the web,"Amazing gameplay and millions of possible outcomes of runs, billions upon billions of seedstennouttaten"
,Recommended,250900,33146786,Posted: 2 July,all,Mart3000,One of if not the best rougelike games out there. must have game hours of content and replayability.
,Recommended,250900,32879615,Posted: 27 June,all,Faceeter,its a gam
,Recommended,250900,33155182,Posted: 2 July,all,Paranoid Android,"Spend hour after hour raging until you get that legendary run where you steamroll every boss in seconds. 10/10, would rage again."
76561198060133766,Recommended,250900,29614310,Posted: 31 January,all,Mr Skellyman,"This game is too good, commonly known as ""dank"". Doot Doot."
,Recommended,250900,32907994,Posted: 27 June,all,AnnaKarenina,I have been playing Isaac for years. Please save me.
76561198052812501,Recommended,250900,33008810,Posted: 29 June,all,Veraisun,It's ok
,Recommended,250900,12802088,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Oscar Giannino,"This game is awesome. It's basically ""more of the same"" BoI. Tons of new secrets, items, challenges, rooms, characters, everything. I loved BoI as it was a really addictive game with a winning formula, which didnt require a ton of time invested to appreciate progress. Get it if you like the first, you already have it if you loved the first and give it some time if you're on the fence. best game ever."
,Recommended,250900,33134951,Posted: 2 July,all,Stoovan,I remember playing the old version as a flash game back in 2011 or something. And still I enjoy this games remake. Theres so much content not to mention the workshop.Amen9/10
,Recommended,250900,13504402,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,「Mishiro」,"You know, I didn't think it was possible to best the original - but they sure as hell did. Looks better, plays better, more variation in items and builds, some item combinations balanced, new mechanics... The list goes on and on.Most importantly, new soundtrack. My god do I love it. Every sound is made by Ridiculon's two performers by a legitimate instrument: while the original used synthesia so may be a little more memorable, Rebirth just drips with quality and oozes style. Every major boss fight has a wonderful theme and I'd suggest buying the soundtrack on Ridiculon's bandcamp to get some sexy FLAC files of all 32 songs.My only gripe with this game is Azazel. Cain was a nice ""training wheels"" addition to the original (but has been nerfed a smidgeon too far, honestly), but Azazel is pretty ridiculous. He teaches you not to be skillful and is near-impossible to lose with, no matter the items.Still, a small price to pay for a glorious, glorious game. This what Isaac was always meant to be - and it's ♥♥♥♥ing good."
,Recommended,250900,33150662,Posted: 2 July,all,rew711,"Although I will recommend this game; to people who want to buy it for their PC, their Mac, or even their Switch, I can't recommend buying it for iOS. Why? Because $15 is a bit much to ask for a game on mobile. I even thought that Minecraft was going a bit far when they released their game for $7 when it first came to iOS. But at least they aren't charging you the same amount as it would cost on PC... no, actually, it costs less during sales (which is when most typically buy the game).The Binding of Isaac costs around $7 when its on a Steam sale. Why not make the game on iOS at least also cost less during this period of time? I'd probably buy it. Its a completely different style of play that forces you to fork over some serious cash. Your game is the only game I know of that does this. I can't ask you to lower the price but I can ask that if it goes on sale in this store that it would be awesome to see it go on sale on the mobile market. And that the Afterbirth expansion is free when it goes to iOS (the Afterbirth+ can be actually DLC).Again, I recommend this game because I've played it for over 100 hours (at least my Steam says I've played that much) which is more than I've even played in Player's Unknown Battlegrounds. This game is worth the $15 on Steam, and even Afterbirth+ is worth the money, AND even the Switch version is fun (probably because of the joysticks) so I think its a cool game that is challenging but also a great time waister. Just that the iOS version is priced too high."
,Recommended,250900,13663019,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dankobert Duck,"Binding of Isaac is one of the games I will always come back after I put it aside for a while. I can play for hours, alone or together with my friends. It is always fun to play since every run feels completely different in order which items you get or which character you play.Binding of Isaac Rebirth is a remake of the original Binding of Isaac Game. It holds all content of the original + Wrath of the Lamb as well as many new items, monster and bosses.Story:The main story is simple and can be explained quickly: You (Isaac) live with your mother in a house and play with your toys, when suddenly she hears the voice of god, who tells her Isaac is corrupted by sin. He also wants her to sacrifice Isaac for him. Isaac hears what she is up to and jumps down in the basement, where the game begins.Gameplay:The game is pretty straightforward. You choose a character, which all have different stats and/or items to begin with and start exploring the basement. You can shoot tears in 4 directions, up and down, left and right, put down bombs to crush rocks, special chests, pots etc. If you enter a room which contains monster you have to kill them first before you can enter the next room. Once you cleared the room you may get a key, bomb, coin or batterie as a reward to pick up. Keys can be used to unlock every door, batteries to fill up your spacebar item instantly and hearts to fill up you heart container if you got hit. Every floor containes special rooms, including an item room and a shop. In the item room will always be some sort of item, which can be sometimes useful or sometimes not. The shop contains an active or passive item which you can purchase with your pennies as well as keys, bombs, batteries or hearts. At the end the floor you can enter a boss room in which you have to fight a harder monster. Most bosses are very well designed and have specific patterns you have to learn first. If you beaten the boss he drops an item which grants you another bonus to your character and a trapdoor will open where you can jump down in order to get to the next floor.Some people play the game for the first time, beat the ""final boss"" on their first try and think that's it. BUT: There is more! There is a ton of more content to explore after you have beaten the game the first couple of times. Every character has specific items he can unlock, there are 20 challenges which you can play in between. In order to get every bit of the game, every item, every ending, every secret, you have to play the game a long long time.Items:There are different types of items, some give you a passive bonus, like a damage upgrade or homing tears. Some items change your tears, for example technology lets you shoot lasers instear of tears. You can also get ""Spacebar Items"" which you can activate to get you some kind of effect. You can use those items once every x rooms. They have different cooldown times.Many items synergise with one another. For example if you get Technology, which grants you a laser as your tear effect and pick up homing tears, you get a laser which is homing for the enemies. The possibilities are endless. More than 300 different items, with different effects are waiting to be picked up.Graphic and Music:The graphic resembles older, low resolution games with a relatively low pixel count. However, it can be smoothed by using certain filters. It depends whether you like it or not.The music is great! Every track fits the environment where it is played perfectly.So the question is: Do I recommend this game?YES, absolutely. It is definitely worth the money. Everyone, and I mean everyone should give it a try. Yes, it is sometimes a pretty hard game and you will die A LOT, especially in the beginning, but it is so much fun to pick up new items, get cool synergies, fight monsters and finally beat the game the first couple of times. Even after the first hours, there is so much more to see, more to unlock and of course, more to play."
76561198171225986,Recommended,250900,15789295,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Gieter,10/10
,Recommended,250900,30632180,Posted: 20 March,all,Motalux,It is really addicting. It has lots of stuff to do and lots of items to get.
76561198010303791,Recommended,250900,17738712,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Spectre J-Man,"One of the greatest games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. How to describe Isaac..... You can go into it having a real positive attitude, then the run you get is just absolute garbage. This kinda makes you wanna  throw a brick at someone.... Othertimes you might get an insanely OP run that ends in like 5 minutes. This is the magic of Isaac. There's a large array of different Characters, each has their own unique play style, something to suit every type of person.All in all this is an amazing game I recommend it to anyone who's looking to get a good game for a good price10/10"
,Recommended,250900,27984919,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,A Small Helpless Child,"If you liked the original, you'll like Rebirth.  Loads of new content alongside all the old content (without the sticky mess of Flash).  RNG can leave you feeling cheated sometimes and might make 100% completion feel like a chore towards the end, but the gameplay is solid and the replay value is high.  If you enjoy rouge-likes, you’ll be getting more than your money’s worth at its full price.  If you’re interested but not convinced, there’s a demo of the flash version on Newgrounds that will give you a taste of the gameplay."
,Recommended,250900,28989497,Posted: 3 January,all,Henry the baked dragon,Love this game can't stop playing it
76561198041542294,Recommended,250900,21313405,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,(ZTG) Felix The Fox,9/10 a good game to play if your bored and want to play a quick game
,Recommended,250900,28597445,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,'Odyz,Fantastic game !
,Recommended,250900,12982936,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,carai,11/10
76561198045436944,Recommended,250900,19006272,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Confused Travolta | kickback.com,Just got a game after a friend recommended it to me.
76561198086263525,Recommended,250900,15119885,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BoxTar,"This is one of my favorite PC games to date. Even after everything is unlocked, there is still infinite replayability. I can't recommend this more!"
76561198218179325,Recommended,250900,19974935,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sand Dune(The American Dream),Amzing game
76561198076073179,Recommended,250900,19119486,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Renaro,One of the best games I ever played.1.daily run +2.more than 200+ items +3.You will want to play more+4.kinda  coop+5.You unlock something new beating the game every time+6.You can't even beat the game+++++I rate it 9/10   Amazing
,Recommended,250900,15507629,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sincio,"The binding of Isaac Rebirth is a story about Isaac and his mother. One day his mother started to hear a voice from ""above"" which told her to kill her son isaac. So the little scared boy Isaac jumped into a trapdoor in his room to escape his mother. Down there he has to fight lots of enemys and he gets stronger by piking up things that are randomly dropped down there.And then one day he will face his Mom again. If you then kill her with your tears or even die before you are able to do this, is up to you.really funreally challenging (sometimes)and really awesomeOh and you should really get this if you enjoyed playing the classic binding of isaac like me :)"
,Recommended,250900,14095844,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Patosomon kické,"Take the best Rogue-like of the last 5 years, make him even better, you've got Rebirth."
76561198055474832,Recommended,250900,13558546,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,kingofall,"The binding of Isaac was an amazing game. I got it just under 2 weeks ago and I have already played over 100 hours. This game has amazing replay value, plenty of unlockables, and very hard challanges tahat will take hundreds of hours. Another thing that makes this game amazing is that it is only $17, with a game of this high quality I would expect this to be at least $30. THis was an amazing game. I only have one con about it and that is that you will not have any spare time after playing it."
76561197976549940,Recommended,250900,13529496,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Qoc,Best Rouge-like you can find anywhere.
,Recommended,250900,13560394,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tonnina,"This game will keep you entertained for HOURS.  You will continue to unlock new items, characters, and challenges.  I enjoyed the original, even with it's limitations in Flash, Rebirth is amazing.  The game is new each time you play so you will never get bored.  I like to play the challenges to take a break from replaying the normal game over and over.  The game is funny, cruel, and down right scary at times, but it's art is beautiful and the game play is awesome!"
,Recommended,250900,13535742,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,(`･ω･´) Wurugai,"Did you love the original Binding of Isaac and are not sure about getting Rebirth? Then you're in the same predicament I was in, before I got to play it on a friend's PS4. Previously, I have always been playing this game alone. I had no idea The Binding Of Isaac would be so much fun to play with friends! The new game honestly rekindled my love for Isaac and his unfortunate little friends, so I bought it on Steam the very next day.Some may think Rebirth is just a pricy expansion. To those I say; this game is worth getting, if only for the fact that it doesn't run in flash. The gameplay is super smooth and the pixel graphics are refreshing in ways that compliment the game like the first one never could. There's more playable characters, items, enemies, bosses, secrets, interactive stuff, and maps with rooms that come in variable sizes (not to mention achievements). Regardless, the gameplay remains to be trusty. Personally, it made me appreciate the game even more when I saw how the graphics were true to the familiar visuals of the original Binding Of Isaac. This time though, the menu comes with file select, challenges, and several other options which the first game didn't offer. If I should mention one downside, it would have to be small. The quirky music and sound effects of the first game were replaced with something else. They're still really awesome though!"
,Recommended,250900,13517038,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jolyne,"Never in my life did I think I could actually play as a little boy who can run around pooping by pressing tab and typing brwnsnke on the start screen. Like you can actually run around and shoot the poop in which you poop, and you never stop pooping. Marvelous."
,Recommended,250900,15028487,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Nathmon565,"A story about Isaac from the bible, improved. If you are easily offended by religious belifes, then you may not want to play this game. Or you may just be in it for the enhanced rogue like gameplay. Or even the pixelated art style of it. Not many games are rogue-like, and even fewer are pixelized. Still, a great game, and even better than the previous. EDIT: AFTERBIRTH HYPE!"
76561198145011212,Recommended,250900,15028927,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,The Best Koolaid Mix,Yes
,Recommended,250900,23830573,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Horny Basty,"First playthrough, got 12 achievements.10/10 best game ever!Now seriously, buy this game and don't waste your money on the original. Rebirth runs smoother and has WAY more items. #LuvIt"
76561198164458577,Recommended,250900,23247902,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Spite,Bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it. She has probably a hundred hours of game time. Had some fun with it my self too.
76561198157369383,Recommended,250900,25625245,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Alakay,Step 1: Buy the gameStep 2: Watch a video of your mother trying to kill youStep 3: Get stomped on by your motherStep 4: Finally get to Mom and die instantlyStep 5: Get to Mom agian and this time kill herStep 6: You are now a psychopathic murderer10/10 would kill Mom again
,Recommended,250900,26993288,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Braguetto,"O que é Binding of Isaac Rebirth?Bom, primeiro, é um jogo extremamente simples, mas extremamente complexo. Parece confuso? Sim, é um jogo confuso mesmo.A história é, a princípio, simples. Baseado na história de Isaac, da biblia, Deus manda a mãe matar o próprio filho, como prova da sua fé. Você é esta criança. Você foge pelo porão da casa, e tem que sobreviver aos monstros lá presentes. No entanto, a história se mostra mais profunda e mais sombria a cada vez que você ""zera"" o jogo.A jogabilidade é extremamente fluida, perfeita. Cada partida dura entre 30min a 1 hora. O jogo é muito difícil mas muito recompensante, e de certa forma, a vitória depende da sua sorte em encontrar itens que têm uma boa sinergia entre si. Isso seria contraditorio SE não fosse o fato do jogo depender quase que exclusivamente da sua habilidade. Existem pessoas como o CobaltStreak e LethalFrag (Twitch), que zeram o jogo centenas de vezes em sequencia, muitas vezes em condições adversas, simplesmente por terem jogado muito.O detalhe mais legal do jogo são as combinações de itens. Você pode fazer combinações extremamente poderosas e absurdas, daquelas que você gargalha de tão ridículamente fácil que ficou o jogo. Simplesmente não adianta eu tentar explicar. Veja alguns videos, gameplays.Vale a pena? ♥♥♥♥♥, VALE MUITO."
,Recommended,250900,26767169,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,$ushiCat,Great game!
,Recommended,250900,26809783,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Koks,"When you feel that you can't stop playing, It's a moment when you strat playing this game"
,Recommended,250900,29083184,Posted: 7 January,all,Takuara,"So many fun  spent with this game, worth."
76561198088363674,Recommended,250900,28988915,Posted: 3 January,all,SonicBlasters,"Is this game good? Should I buy it? These are questions I commonly hear from my friends about games I play. For this game, the answer is simple. Yes. This is an amazing game, and will provide you with countless hours of gameplay. On top of that, you can get mods to enhance your experience, and just by playing the game long enough you can find amazingly cool looking and powerful synergies. I felt the need to write this review with Afterbirth+ being released today. So yes, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,250900,28997766,Posted: 3 January,all,Camman6972,A very fun dungeon crawler very reminissant to the original legend of Zelda although you will die alot and lose your progress which is not very fun and the game is very disturbing with the enemy designs and story overall you should pick it up especially when it goes on sale
,Recommended,250900,29011079,Posted: 4 January,all,Mister Eel,I had a life outside the basement. Now I'm back in it.
76561198242197914,Recommended,250900,26744150,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jack,Pros- Great retro graphics style- Addicting gameplay- Awesome powerups- Good DLC that adds worth while contentCons- Can get repetitive- Slow dev support- Locked fps- A little priceyOne of the best games i have ever played totally worth the price you wont regret the purchase.
,Recommended,250900,27770183,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Santa Klouse,It is Kouse
76561198042766447,Recommended,250900,27481478,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YuriNalarm,Best game on steam.
,Recommended,250900,26864096,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LeadeRM,I need to sleep
76561198031101742,Recommended,250900,26865294,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BTristan,ihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameOMGTHISGAMEISAWESOMEihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameOMGTHISGAMEISAWESOMEihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameOMGTHISGAMEISAWESOMEihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameOMGTHISGAMEISAWESOMEhatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgamehatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgamehatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgamehatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameOMGTHISGAMEISAWESOMEihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgameihatethisgame
,Recommended,250900,21948434,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Octaaf,Again an amazing game made by edmund mcmillen and his team. This game offers so much diversity and you can play it for hours and hours. The art and the mechanics are refined and are much better than the original game.
,Recommended,250900,29067391,Posted: 6 January,all,bl00d bubbl3,"Pros and Cons:Pros:1. Unlimited fun is in here.2. Always randomizes the maps and items.3. Great graphics, compared to the original Binding of Isaac4. Doesn't lag, unless you have afterbirth.Cons:1. This may be on Pros or Cons, but Permadeath.2. Very hard to unlock certain items.3. It gets frustrating sometimes.4. There are some glitches that the game developers might want to fix, such as glitching through the wall in a crawl space to get to black market.CONCLUSION:Overall, a great game. Some bad things here and there. I recommend this to anyone that likes permadeath. I had no idea what i was gonna say in this review so here ya go. Hope this helps you :P"
,Recommended,250900,27376627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark,Great game :)Cheap and fun to play
,Recommended,250900,27335172,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ImGuitarded,Its really game
,Recommended,250900,27223868,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nmailda,thanks obama
,Recommended,250900,13429237,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Prozen,150 houes in 1 month so all I have to say is Isaac=Awesome!
,Recommended,250900,30347013,Posted: 5 March,all,Smuglear,Pure bliss11/10 content never ends
,Recommended,250900,26927914,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PunchingPotλto,"This is not simply a game, this is art!!"
,Recommended,250900,12868923,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,·Will Data,"An improvement in every direction that is dedicated to everyone that made the original as big as it was. This is an amzing reward for anyone that played and explored the depths of the first one. Even if you didn't complete or see most of the original, this contains all of the old content almost perfectly unchanged while providing more than you could ever hope for. Honestly, if you liked the original this is an expansion on that. Unlike the original, now that it is built on a stable engine it is capable of receiving more content updates in the future. I strongly reccomend this game to any/everyone."
76561198088888744,Recommended,250900,14307076,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,teen in misery,yes
,Recommended,250900,33188237,Posted: 3 July,all,mdi,Really good game that keeps on giving
,Recommended,250900,27892099,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,biggfoo,Isaac is still a pretty cool guy eh kills things with his tears and is a afraid of everything
,Recommended,250900,13581599,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,chifley,This is a near-perfect remake/expansion to an incredible original game.
76561198194616949,Recommended,250900,33219686,Posted: 4 July,all,Galaxy_Star,Gotta love the cute/dark feel of the game
76561198142383107,Recommended,250900,33248935,Posted: 4 July,all,Royal_Gamer,this game is by far my favorite game.. i would recomend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,250900,28863006,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BabyDontHurtMe,500+hoursstill playing it
,Recommended,250900,14953583,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Comedy Man,Isaac has been Reborn!
,Recommended,250900,28575981,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Thomas the Diddly Dank Engine,I bought this game on steam sale because it looked good and then spent all of my free time playing it.I liked itEDIT: ~800 hours (so says steam) later and i got all the achievements. Still could play at least another thousand hours. just get the game.
,Recommended,250900,14217932,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Moser,S A D B O Y SC R Y B O Y SD E A D B O Y SI'm awesome at memes. But not as awesome as this installment.
,Recommended,250900,15030069,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,falkin,yes. get dis now or mom will eat you
,Recommended,250900,25369530,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Lolixir,Very good game. So many items and stuff to do. Playing this every now and then is fun.I recommend
76561198082820368,Recommended,250900,12801132,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Your old pal,THIS GAME IS EPIC :D10/10I played the old binding of IsaacAnd now this one :DSo AwsomeYou should get it :)
,Recommended,250900,13749395,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sppoopeb,8/8 m8
,Recommended,250900,33006547,Posted: 29 June,all,Wimpyfox,"Hours upon hours of gameplay and I still havent managed to complete this game however its still fun as hell. No run is quite the same as you continue through the game unlocking a plethera of items. People may argue that the Afterbirth + DLC wasnt as good as they wanted which is understandable, but (In my opinion) it dosnt harm the game in anyway at all. If vanilla isaac isnt enough for you steam workship integration allows you to easily access and add 100's off mods to your game.sidenote: For those truley not satisfied with Afterbirth +, the mod antibirth is a fan made expansion/mod of The Binding of Isaac rebirth which adds tons of new variants and items to the game. (This mod can't be found on the workshop I don't believe as its a rebirth mod not an afterbirth mod, so look it up on google or checkout the antibirth website;https://antibirth.com/)"
,Recommended,250900,13820321,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CircumSamurai,"An amazing game with a whole lot of content, tons of replayability, and a good fun challenge.This is much better than the original, so get this one if you can.Better graphics, more items, rooms, challenges, bosses, etc.The worst I could think of this game is when you occasionally get a playthrough where the random items you get don't help carry you through the rest of the game, but it's always easy and quick to start a new run.9/10"
,Recommended,250900,28842538,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Probs_Asleep,This is the game that all other rogue-likes want to be
,Recommended,250900,28011738,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Scythe-Messiah,"Inevitably I return to Isaac. The variety and complexity always seem to keep me engaged. Builds, characters, strategies, random generated levels and loot, all make each play experience the same and yet different. The art, music, and feel of the game are dark, deviant, and offputting. I honestly had a hard time playing the first one because I was so sensitive to the style -- the horror; the visceral, bodily nature of it. Once I recognized the depth of the underlying game and that it was llike playing a zelda dungeon I was hooked. I look forward the upcoming expansion as Afterbirth added so much to each game and attempt. Though, that said; Isaac certainly isn't for everyone."
,Recommended,250900,28997421,Posted: 3 January,all,blankthename,"this game features poop and rooms of poop, and feature even more room of poop in dlcs... 100/10 ign"
,Recommended,250900,17061222,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,LittleHappyWolf,"Notably easier than the previous game. Graphics are good enough that you dont feel like your missing out on any details. Except they made tinted rocks harder to notice, not big of a dealItems are more plenty and three new characters, four if you include the lost I mean. it is bassicly the orginal game with loads more items and a new boss. I'd still get it though since it is binding of isaac and new items just makes the game better."
,Recommended,250900,12806854,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Kaffegutt,"Amazing game, lot's of secrets, items and achviements to discover!It is the perfect Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,250900,28838897,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Saucy Wiggles,An improvement over the base game with many key edits and additions worth the pricetag.
76561198016769368,Recommended,250900,27094577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archangel,10/10 would kill mom 10 times again
,Recommended,250900,22137004,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Evilalmia,"This game has so much replay value, challenges, all the different characters.... every run is different never the same. I am so addicted to this game!"
,Recommended,250900,13186091,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,n3rd,"Well, all I can say is that it is exactly the same as the original.Only 10 quadrillion times better.The game managed to surprise me with pretty much everything it had to offer. The content was much larger than the previous game, the graphics changed to pixel art without changing the atmosphere of the game and it maintained the funny, simple and yet a little disturbing feel to it. The only aspect I didn't enjoy very well was the soundtrack. Although it's not actually bad, it's very different than the soundtrack of the original game, due to the absence of the creator of the original soundtrack in the development.Other than that, this game is a MUST have for the people who enjoyed the last game and still want more. A little more expensive than the original, but I garantee it, it's worth every single penny."
,Recommended,250900,14319904,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dangernigga22,"Bought it for the campaign, 10/10."
,Recommended,250900,13843370,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,nico,10/10 ehhh its ok -IGN
76561198113856595,Recommended,250900,22791928,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dirty_Mouse,"I played the original first, thought it was meh. Then I got Rebirth and I love it. Improves on the original in every way. Plus I love the new artstyle, and the fact that it runs super duper smooth and at actual fullscreen."
76561198100902097,Recommended,250900,13421348,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Oi actually love this band,in this game you can get lasererd by walking ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). also you can hit puberty by taking a dodgy pill a naked baby dropped in your basement...if only that worked when i was 10.
76561198108401203,Recommended,250900,14872184,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,J. Stonty Zcuflestein,"This game is great. It takes the dungeon-like aspects of the original Legend of Zelda, puts rogue-like elements into it, gives it a boy who shoots tears like a gatling gun, a psycho-religious mom, grotesque visuals, great music and multiple endings. Sure, this is just a remake of the original, but this tops it in everyway. This is one of my favorite games on Steam and I highly reccomend it. I give it a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,250900,32900446,Posted: 27 June,all,Chug,"If you like getting your money out of a game, this is the game for you! Simple to play, but hard to master. Takes a while to get real good at it, but once you learn how bosses fight and remember items, you'll love this game!"
76561198025203121,Recommended,250900,26961154,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fish Plissken,"The variety of items you get each run, the unique monsters you encounter, the varied level formats, and the varied floor bosses all combine into what is one of my favorite gaming achievements I have ever experienced. I have personally achieved every one of the numerous goals the developer has built the game achievements around, and it was a fresh and rewarding experience to do so. Highly recommended to play and complete!"
,Recommended,250900,13930378,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,TofuRobot,"This game has the addictive rouge-like elements that just keep me coming back for more. I had put down the original after 100+ hours, but time to go again. Love this because it can play on my underpowered laptop. Thanks!"
76561198274519665,Recommended,250900,28989294,Posted: 3 January,all,Radical Creme,yee good game
,Recommended,250900,21269296,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Vogiir,"My ultimate go 2 game. This awesome rogue like wil consume alot of your time. Sooo many secrets and endings to unlock and obtain. Multiple characters to choose from. Cute yet semi disturbing graphicsTake note though, if u are religious this might upset or offend u a lil. Other than that? Pretty solid game"
,Recommended,250900,16313755,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ChromaWolf,"I love this game. It's by far my favouite game in recent memory. There are tons of items, bosses, and enemies, and characters to play as. You could easily sink hours upon hours into this game. This game is worth the $15."
76561198075913058,Recommended,250900,32936419,Posted: 28 June,all,Sniper,11/10
,Recommended,250900,28527627,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Java,Its truly awesome that we have games like these teaching today's youth good christian values.
,Recommended,250900,13530913,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,bork,AWESOME
,Recommended,250900,12803079,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Giwerec,BEST. GAME. EVER.
,Recommended,250900,26965961,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[DeNo] Link,"A fun rougelike where you collect powerups upon powerups, get crazy synergies that's powerful and wacky! A ton of unlockables makes for a fun time."
76561198037460206,Recommended,250900,15511905,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,HalfwayDead,"Over 100 hours spent on the first game and this one is even better. Great game for all the kids, especially around Christmas time!"
76561198040894151,Recommended,250900,32946802,Posted: 28 June,all,Bluhell,"10/10 Well worth the amount spent on it.  I enjoyed playing each of the expansions and the achievements are difficult but doable.  Difficulty gets higher in the expansions, but regardless it's an excellent game and one of the best rogue-like games in existance."
,Recommended,250900,27499163,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ayatollah of Rock 'n' Rolla,very challenging and never get's old. this is what i want from an indie game. totally recommend this gem.
,Recommended,250900,32901013,Posted: 27 June,all,BloodFiend,Played BoI since the flash version original. Always a fantastic time even if it is infuriating when your own dumb moves kill you.Only complaint is Delirium fight. I never like a boss that can teleport to your exact spot. Otherwise fantastic game.
,Recommended,250900,19880965,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,.ZH Kane,"after almost 500 hours of playtime I figured this deserved a recommendationso here it is, good gameedit: 666+ hours, still a really good game, can't wait for the new update coming soon"
,Recommended,250900,32935144,Posted: 28 June,all,Zarius,I spent my weekend shooting poop with a child's tears.10/10
,Recommended,250900,21163298,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,denikarabenc,"Really good game. You'll break keyboards, gamepads, flip the tables, but eventually, you'll learn to dodge like a boss.11/10 will break everything again"
,Recommended,250900,32680810,Posted: 23 June,all,Archie,- What's the best run you had so far?- Always the next one.10/10 lots of replay value.
76561198087415055,Recommended,250900,13173409,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Iluvatar the Almighty,"*closes game in frustration*""Ooh Binding of Isaac: Rebirth""*starts game again*10/10"
,Recommended,250900,12810538,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Zamp,"10/10 would isaac again.....No. But in all seriousness; this game is a masterpeice. Edmund McMillen has knocked it out of the park with this one. The extreme overhaul of the game into this sengine and the amount of finesse and beauty that has gone into the graphical style really makes this a gem. 100's of new items, loads of new enemies and bosses, and new room layouts! It really leads to a great experience and hundreds of hours of content worth inside this game.But I digress.The Binding Of Isaac follows a poor child tormented by his mother. He hides in the basement and finds a variety of strange foes attacking him. Armed with only your tears and a glimmer of hope you must traverse these dangerous paths alone. It is a randomly generated, dungeon crawling, rogue-like that will leave you enthralled for hours at a time.Definitely worth your $15 if you are into this kind of game."
,Recommended,250900,12804456,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,socks,good
,Recommended,250900,14063388,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sciffy,10/10 GOTY and I am not just saying this because my mom has a knife to my throat.
,Recommended,250900,12791806,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Modkiq,"If you like the last binding of isaac came, this is a must.It's pretty much the same game, just with new mobs, loot, voices, room-designs (all of the rooms won't lhave the same shape anymore), bosses, music and much more! I haven't played this game for a very long time yet, but I have made it all the way down to the last boss, Isaac's mom (and on my very first try suprisingly enough). The binding of Isaac was one of the first games I got for steam, and I enjoyed it a whole lot. It's one of my favorite games on steam.Here are my pros and cons.Note: These are just my opinions.Pros:+New Music+A LOT of new loot+Room now have different shapes (some rooms doesn't even fit on your screen)+New mobs and bosses+Isaac's mom does no longer sound extremely stupid (that really bothered me in the first game)+Some mobs now make sounds (voices, whispering..)+The best items and mobs made it over to this game too+Quite addictive+Challenges+You can now save your progress while in a game, so you don't have to restart every time you leaveCons:-Game doesn't look too good in fullscreen-Wish they added the old soundtrack as well as this one, both are really good"
76561198059065044,Recommended,250900,12800971,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,THE_PRO_NOOB,"This game has chocked me... (i never thought i would see something that beutiful in my life)Even tho this game made me rage like hell becouse i pre orderd it, and it was 1 hour late, then still it was worth the wait. i am not going to spiol the game, and i haven't played alot, And that is all the fun about it. this game is great, fun grafics, awesome indi game, and the most trolling randomizer gods.So go play it what are you waiting on!GO!GO!GO!"
,Recommended,250900,13493046,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mr.Mariles,Awsome Gam Love The Design And Everyting Else
,Recommended,250900,14798080,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Cub3ulr,The most terrifying thing I have ever seen in my life.I love it.
76561198163640324,Recommended,250900,14539212,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Guy Feferi,"I love this game. 15/10. I played the first game alot, but since I was behind the curve, I never really got far in it. But when Rebirth came out, I knew I had to have it. It was endless fun, and proves to be giving to me even after I have achieved Real Platinum God. Really reccomend this game, and pick it up if you have money to spare. Best 15$ ever spent."
,Recommended,250900,14175570,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Lmaogre,The Binding of Isaac : RebirthA weird game of a baby hiding from his mom in the basement with some strange monsters.Really good game! Every time I play I feel like a baby who likes to kill his mom and then rush into her and fight a devil INSIDE her body!Recommended.9/10
76561198098400997,Recommended,250900,14032782,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Sergeant Rainbow [RealNumberOne],"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth.This is... More of a remake + A lot of new things, of the original Binding of Isaac (And Wrath of the Lamb). The game has gotten a fully new life and it's better then ever before! The graphics have been changed to a beautiful kind of pixel theme. It also runs on Flash now, which makes it a lot more fluent than the original game. The fact that it doesn't play on Flash, makes it possible for a lot more synergies, some of them are fun, some of them are perfect, some of them are terrible! There are some added controls (Such as bigger maps, dropping trinkets etc.) and bigger rooms.You go through your basement, all the way down to Sheol (Something like the Hebrew version of hell) or all the way up to the Cathedral. You must go on as you have to defeat your worst enemy...Yourself! Your mother wants to kill you because 'God' said so, and so, you go down the trapdoor that you just found. As you proceed through the many levels of your basement and other places, you find items that will help you on your way to victory. These items are all different, some of them are based on food, other's on drugs and then there's items that just make no sense at all.The soundtrack has been redesigned as well, and it really suites the new style of the game. It has a few new curses as well, and even a new transformation! The game has more then 400 items and over a thousand seeds, which makes it impossible to have the same run! That is what makes this game so special, no run is like the other. There are a lot of new enemies, and new champion versions. There's even a Donation possibility which you can use to unlock items.+ It feels like a brand new game!+ There's a lot of new things to do! (Such as Boss Rush, Hard Mode, Special Seeds, and more!)+ New Design, new sprites, new enemies, new items, NEW NEW!+ The game is more fluent.+ Thousands of different seeds.+ Never the same run!+ Is worth more than 15 bucks!- The game is pretty luck based sometimes.- The music in the chest feels like earrape.- The game has a glitch that makes everything go faster (Which can be fixed by going to the pause menu and returning.) This 'Glitch' is different to the rooms where the music go faster (As it's suppossed to happen there.)All in all, I love this game and I will recommend this game to anyone who doesn't know about it!The game has a lot to experiment with and even after hundreds of hours, you will still find yourself enjoying this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,250900,13842709,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sample Text ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),If this game was a potato it would be a good potato
,Recommended,250900,13117498,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Mr. Brown,"A rare combination of 'randomly generated game' and 'fun'.  Worth the purchase, whether or not you've bought the original. Edit: Edit!"
,Recommended,250900,13366527,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Zr0gravity,"I never played the original and I was skeptical when my friends were trying to get me into this game. I have no regrets though when I did get it. It's very fun and addicting.Sure, there are times when you want to pull your hair out, because this game can be very luck reliant, but it's the random aspect in the first place that makes you want to keep playing.I really reccommend this game."
,Recommended,250900,15517282,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,BanishedToLotus,Got killed by Giant Poop Monster -10/10 Would grind for RPG again.
,Recommended,250900,13914815,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ahotzg,Very nice and funny game ! Greatest way of passing the time :D
76561198134093893,Recommended,250900,13822296,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fabulous Crusaders,Played for a long time and I like the different characters and the completion marks.They are always fun to get accept for Mega Satan because F*** Mega Satan.
76561198067894229,Recommended,250900,12790847,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SNIVY BOI,"New enemies and items are great (i saw 3 new bosses, at least 5 new enemies and 5 new items.) .Gameplaywise, it's much better than BOI , but  i  still prefer the old Isaac's graphic style.Dunno, i just don't like this retroish feel and smaller sprites.Movement animations are better and fluider though.Musics are just meh.I prefer the classic soundtrack .Fans of BOI (or roguelites in general.) should definitely check this out."
,Recommended,250900,16565361,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pancko D. Simon() >Nova<,Best timekiller ever! and some psychodelics.....
76561198042562463,Recommended,250900,13724605,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Oodoacer,"Shoved toothpicks in a 4 year old eyes, became a cat, and killed my mom... 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14854766,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,AJUK,Needs more items.11/10
76561197985989462,Recommended,250900,13382570,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,anyday.,Slowly ruining my life.10/10 would ruin again.
,Recommended,250900,13457449,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ivo,The best game ever!
76561198090142874,Recommended,250900,15368527,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Delicious buttery popcorn,Got killed by a fly10/10
,Recommended,250900,14683526,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Trent,"Ok, I'm gonna write a serious review for once...It all started on January 24th 2013, when I bought the original Binding of Isaac...2 and a half years pass as I put in the time to get 100% (yay :P) and 900 and something hours (obsessed much!)Then on November 4, the remake/sequal comes out... but my Mum says lolnope and I get grounded for sleeping in Maths...December whatever 2014 I finally get to play the game... and it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ (LOL JK DONT GET MAD)I love this game with its 400 new items, great new soundtrack, 2 new final bosses and The Lost... oh how I hate him :(I give this game BibleThump/10 buy it now this review was not serious like i said it would be but okay whteva"
76561198082965488,Recommended,250900,15256985,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ShandeeVahdee,"great game, over 300 hours in and still no Platinum God XD. I HIGHLY reccomend this game if you enjoy dungeon-crawlers. This game is a challenge, it really is, but that is what makes it fun. Unlocking new items and bosses is very satisfying and makes you have a feeling of progression every time you beat a boss. If you have enough money and are considering the game, consider no more and BUY IT NOW! If you already have the game, good for you :)"
,Recommended,250900,14166233,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Will Coke,Has a better RNG than Destiny
,Recommended,250900,14291411,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,greпzor.,This reminds me of good old time when I was locked in a basement and was forced to play with my own feces.
,Recommended,250900,13959076,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[₪] Dusk-Argentum,"There's a reason why this game is a sequel. It's so much better than the first... Not that the first was bad. It was brilliant! Except this one is more brilliant. Brilliantasticalazing, even.The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth has pretty much the same story as the first. Your mom wants you dead. You go into the basement, and progress on and on and on and on in order to kill her. Except you only decapitate her foot, unfortunately (or so I think).And that's it!Except it's not.The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth automatically includes any content that would originally be held in the Wrath of the Lamb DLC.  Which means you get the Utero, Sheol, Cathedral, and Chest stages for free. Isn't that great?There are a number of reasons why this one is better than the first one.First, seeds. You heard me right, qih0iqhweoiqnw. Please don't try reading that out loud, you'll break something.Seeds are magical numbers and/or letters and/or combinations of letter and numbers that can be used to generate specific dungeons. And you know what? That's awesome. Having a bad day? Use BASE MENT. All floors are the basement, and you can kill everything in one hit by floor 20. Heheh... FLOOR TWENTY! But seriously, top notch.And then there's the new characters. I haven't unlocked most of them (pretty much since I'm a nub and I only go for seeded runs which close off all achievements... Almost all of them. ;]), but I know they're pretty decent. One comes with Brimstone preloaded. Brimstone is, as you may know, a beam of pure blood, And you know what? It's pretty powerful, too. Usually you have to use a heart container or two to get it, but not with... Azazel? Something like that. Don't quote me on this.And the new items? Great. Awesome. There's these things called Runes? You use them like Tarot Cards in the first game (and Tarot Cards are still present if you're wondering) and they do things. One duplicates all dropped items in the room (Jera), one takes you to the next floor (Ehwaz) and one pretty much bombs the whole room, removing all rocks and vases and skulls, oh my! That one's called Hagalaz. Everything's pretty great.The music is wonderful... Ish. Some tracks are quite memorable (The Caves Theme) and some... I don't really care for (Depths).All in all, a great game."
,Recommended,250900,13222971,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Pink Guy,"Why are you even reading this ?Just f*cking buy this addictive game!Touched a fly, and it turned into golden poop...And i love my mom..."
,Recommended,250900,13427658,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Flip,"This game takes all the elements from the original Binding of Isaac and tweaks them in a way that makes the game more fair but also more challenging at the same time.If you've never played Binding of Isaac, it's essentially a roguelike game that is extremely challenging, yet very rewarding. However, it had a lot of issues and a lot of limitations due to the game being created in Flash. Rebirth fixed a majority of those issues, while bringing a whole bunch of new items, characters and features to the table.Edmund has said in the past that he does not like the original binding of Isaac at all, and I never knew what he meant by that. Until now. Rebirth's pixelated artstyle looks HEAPS better than the original Binding of Isaac's artwork. The artists did a splendid job on making the game look damp and horrifying. All of the floor rooms are visually unique and they suit the floor they're on. All of the items you pick up either give Isaac a visual difference or an item that follows you.Gameplay in Rebirth hasn't really been changed compared to the original, but a lot of old gameplay features have been changed to give the game a more modern feel. Along with changes to the original game features, Edmund has brought a bunch of new features to give older players of the series more fun with Rebirth. Even after 100 hours, I'm still finding new items and new features in the game that bring new concepts to the table and make the game even more enjoyable.The only let down in this game, for me, is the music. The music in the original Binding of Isaac was really enjoyable to listen to and every song suited the room you were in. In Rebirth, the songs have better quality overall, but they're not really memorable at all. The only song that really stood out to me in Rebirth was the song playing in the background in the Cathedral. Not saying that the songs are horrible, but they're not as enjoyable as the songs in the first game.Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a terrific game that will enrage you, but also give you a sense of accomplishment that most modern games have a lack of.Spoilers below:Another thing that I dislike is one of the new characters, The Lost. He dies in one hit and has lackluster stats. Because of this, you mostly have to restart your game over and over again until you obtain an item that can help survivability (like the Holy Mantle or Dead Cat.) He is poorly designed and is based almost entirely on luck and a few items that let you live longer. If you plan on beating this game 100%, you're going to hate playing as this character."
,Recommended,250900,13016173,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Cruelity,Gore. Urine. Dead naked children.10/10
,Recommended,250900,13270268,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[U.M.R]Vito_Nyanpass,I hate the lost.Am I playing this game?Or this game is playing me?
,Recommended,250900,12790759,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Sol,"Quick Verdict : Isaac Remastered. 60fps, silky smooth. No more FPS lag. Still awesome as ever."
,Recommended,250900,29128445,Posted: 8 January,all,Swanky Toast,"This paid for product that is available on the internet, through websites and programs such as Steam, is of above average quality. I, Swanky Toast, would recommend this game to any humans that are reading the words that are visible on their monitor or phone screen in this box."
,Recommended,250900,12795960,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Nicholas Cage,"A massive improvement on the already great Binding of Isaac, with more of everything for the Isaac community to sink their teeth into. 11/10"
,Recommended,250900,30149276,Posted: 24 February,all,The Frelle,"Hohohoo, yes. Yes this game is worth buying.So many unlockables, so many characters, so many MODS (and now with official mod support). I don't currently own Afterbirth+ so I can't tell you about it in details. But the main game + afterbirth is damn amazing. Something you keep playing when you've got a break, when you're home sick, bored, or just don't know what to play. This is the game.Also this is the only time in life you'll exclaim ""YAY, I GOT CANCER!!"" in excitement."
,Recommended,250900,17426175,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,AkumaTora,"A really good game that can make you rage if you'd like to, although it may be tough at first you'll get better at it and you'll be able to beat it in no time flat without even trying xD"
,Recommended,250900,13147983,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TristyDirty,yes
76561198181775719,Recommended,250900,16901818,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,IAmJustAnEpicPerson,"Worth every cent, great game, I can't wait for afterbirth to come out."
,Recommended,250900,16254330,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Acquiesce,"I absolutely love it, if you're thinking about getting it, I'd say wait until there's a sale on (Summer sale hypetrain)The combinations and synergies are amazing, the gameplay is fantastic, and the graphics are perfect for it. Hope you enjoy it. :)"
,Recommended,250900,20860078,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,roxyjovem para os compatriotas,if i wasted this much time into a game i guess it's probably decent10/10
,Recommended,250900,16392601,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lord Zebes,"This game has humor, gore, dispare, creepyness, and controller support. All great things and it is put together in a simple package that is highly addicting. The levels being completely random make reply vavlue extremely high and all of the different powerups are a huge plus!"
,Recommended,250900,20841966,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Zev,Runs better. Tons of new content. More characters. More levels. Just more everything.
,Recommended,250900,14085709,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Komrad Kitt,"This is an amazing and informative game for teaching Christian children bible stories in a fun way that they can understand!They have fixed the relegious issues raised in the original version, and I'm glad to say that this game is completely clean for all Christian children to enjoy and learn from."
,Recommended,250900,13433958,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,blitzwagen,"buy game, get D- in my religion class :c"
,Recommended,250900,18801319,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dmitri Negus,"Got this game just because of Afterbirth...Please, for the love of god: DO NOT GOOGLE WHAT IT IS and DO NOT GO TO IMAGES.You have been warned... also, you now feel the urge to find out what is is. Do it at your own risk."
,Recommended,250900,18715780,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Fat Cunt,"Start, Rage, Rinse, Repeat.10/10 would sacrifice family for Brimstone again"
,Recommended,250900,18727638,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Moe,Good game
,Recommended,250900,19206307,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ttsbb1,It's ok.(Edit: Still just ok.)
76561198137323902,Recommended,250900,18753862,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,42spookstohell,I'd probably enjoy it more if it didn't remind me of my childhood so much
,Recommended,250900,19406229,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MapleTree,In a loading screen Isaac's weenie falls off...
76561198116492339,Recommended,250900,13740924,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sundance,Awesome!!
,Recommended,250900,14578324,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Pea,"THE LOST IS MAKING ME CRY. THE LOST IS CRYING, I'M CRYING"
,Recommended,250900,12853581,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,NOT a weeb,10/10 so addicting and fun
,Recommended,250900,13508692,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,L'aventale.-,"Unlocked ""The Lost""Played ""BL1N DEYE"" seed.Died on the first room.10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,250900,13288221,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Shippo,"It looks a billion times better than the orginal and has many more interesting items. If you loved the original, there's no hating this!"
,Recommended,250900,20902098,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,slugger,outstanding
,Recommended,250900,12869983,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Politically Correct Monkey,"The Binding of Issac: Rebirth, is a dark humor based game that is hilarious, disusting, cute, fun and frustrating at the same time. You will have ample of hours of game time with lots of easter eggs and hidden items within the game for you to explore while trying to get all of the achivements in order to unlock even more stuff. I have put in 15.5 hours on this game and it has been less than a week since the release, an intesnsely addictive game for any causal or hardcore gamer of the like. With comparing Rebirth to the orginal, which I have logged in over 200 hours on, it is a HUGE improvement over the orginal. If you are a owner of the orginal and are questioning the gameplay or espically because of the graphics change, I assure you, you will never go back to the orginal after you have played the much smoother and compitable verison of the game. The Binding of Issac will always be one of my favorite games of all time, and I would recommend this to anyone (as long as you aren't a Christian soccer mom)."
,Recommended,250900,27404564,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mous,good
,Recommended,250900,18454641,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Alexrm12,Honestly one of the best games I've ever played and by far the game I've devoted the most time to. Can't wait for Afterbirth so I can waste more of my life away :P
,Recommended,250900,26957337,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HE. Leminox,"I gotta say out of every game I've ever played, this one has to be the most adictive. They balanced the gambling input to reward system perfectly. On top of that the game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Every run feel different even 250 hours in.  I would highly recommend this game even when it isn't on sale."
76561198025175238,Recommended,250900,32831780,Posted: 26 June,all,WTB,"Ok, I've played a lot of this game so I feel like it deserves a full review from me.Without a doubt there has been no other single player game that has gotten me this much playtime for how much it's worth. If you try to get into this game, it's extremely like you'll get your money's worth. It's actually kind of absurd how much content this game has. Although each run of the game takes approx 30+ minutes, everytime you play the game it's different.This game tests your skill, your patience, and your decision-making skills, and rewards all three in sometimes extremely satisfying ways. However, this is a rogue-like. That genre can deter a few people, as dying often can really be a downer on your mood. Just take my word that this game gets SO MUCH BETTER with time. But not that much time. You don't have to play 700 hours to enjoy it :)Here's my version of the pro/con list people are always doing now days:PROS:-Extraordinary amount of content-Extremely rewarding to play (unlocking achievements unlocks a lot of fun and really good items!)-Very low system requirements. If this game plays on my Walmart laptop, you better believe it'll run on anything-This game is on freaking everything. PC, console, PSP, MOBILE PHONE - everything!CONS:-(Slightly) disturbing themes. A lot of people enjoy this aspect of the game as there is a lot of really dark humor, but if you're not used to it, it might dampen your mood a bit-Difficulty. This gets better with time. Learning how the game works is the best way at getting better. Much like your first terraria playthrough, it would be wise to often visit the game's wiki. For super-quick information, I recommend platinumgod.co.ukAll in all, this is without a doubt the best impulse buy I've every made. Hopefully you get a kick out of it too.LAST TIP:There are two DLC's for this game: Afterbirth, and Afterbirth+. I highly recommend also getting Afterbirth. I DO NOT recommend getting Afterbirth+ immediately, as it makes the game a bit harder. However, once your knowledge of the game grows though, be sure to get it!"
76561198073560204,Recommended,250900,20141277,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mr.Blaziken,it's pretty good
,Recommended,250900,30501300,Posted: 13 March,all,I Like Asians So I Buy Them,"This is one of the most perfect games ive ever played. Tons of content and replayability, you will never be bored. It may take some time to get good at this game, but boy is it worth it when you do. Lots of stuff to unlock and hours to be played. Not to mention Afterbirth and Afterbirth+ which are amazing DLCs but there is also a plethora of community made mods to play like Alphabirth and Antibirth. If you thinkthis game looks good you should buy it. If you think that it looks bad you should also buy it; refunding is always an option. So overall, if you dont have this game yet, you've struck gold."
76561198137177472,Recommended,250900,32598261,Posted: 20 June,all,CaptainCowz,gucci af. hard af. annoying af.  10/10 IGN
,Recommended,250900,20448566,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Headless Duckman,"This game... geez. With randomly generated just about everything, from rooms to items to bosses to enemiesand many characters to choose from, everytime you start a run you know it won't be the same as the previous run. Not to mention the MASSIVE amount of achievments and unlockables, it is often hard to put this game down. Sure its a 'little' bit dark and disgusting, but the enjoyment of summoning down ""tears"" (missles) that explode into lasers and a circling ring of toxic knives makes it all worth it."
,Recommended,250900,29059498,Posted: 6 January,all,Totally Not a Spy™,"In my many hours of this game I have fought my own psychotic mother, the seven deadly sins, myself and literal Satan himself yet I still die to spiders...10/10"
,Recommended,250900,12806299,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[TBR] baka,"You loved the first ? You will love this one : go ahead.Also, you can fight an army of poop who smile."
,Recommended,250900,19198421,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,YEET,Amazing game!Worth the money!
,Recommended,250900,21696826,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,STICKY,"At the time of Writing, I have played ~250 Hours of Rebirth/Afterbirth, about 100 Hours of the Nintendo 3DS port, and countless hours of the original game. The Binding of Isaac is the definition of a cult classic title. Everything you loved about Zelda, Rogue, and Smash TV smushed into one Roguelike Top-down shoot-em-up with RPG elements and plenty of blood and tears. With over 300 different game-changing items ranging from Dead Cats (9 lives) to Razor Blades (Feel my pain) to Brimstone (Blood laser barrage!) and tons of different characters with cool and unique abilities ('Cept Maggy she sucks), theres never a dull moment in the game. Tons of bosses too! This game needs to be in your Steam library if you call yourself a PC gamer. It's a staple."
,Recommended,250900,25315752,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DanniCat,Stupidly addicting. I died a bunch. Still go back for more death. Why? ._.
,Recommended,250900,13146650,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ash Swoon,"This game is one of my favorite steam purchases. Every time you play Rebirth, it's a different experience. Sure, I've beaten the game a few times but that means nothing. The game will be an entirely different experience my next playthrough, and I would have a lot more content unlocked. This is definately worth every penny in the price. For the first time in a long time, I can say that I cannot wait for the DLC."
76561198045766726,Recommended,250900,12807198,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hypaiva,Poop physics
,Recommended,250900,30164209,Posted: 25 February,all,Ganymeme,became a demon with giant expolding coins that expode into more coins.became a 360 lazerpointer demonbecame  a telepathic homing knife-babybecame the literal bieng of satanbecame a expolding catbecame a ♥♥♥♥ing shroomYeS
,Recommended,250900,18168989,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Garethlol,More addictive than adult entertainment.
76561198071773064,Recommended,250900,16219378,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,dungeontwinki,"In a world where wearing your homocidal mother's lipstick makes you cry further, you play as Isaac, a child that is in no way related to the christian story of Abraham and his son Isaac.I lied.This game is chalk full of bible references. But don't assume that every thing you see in the game is based off the bible. Because I'm pretty sure that people did't put top hats on their unborn babies and then shoved them into a jar that gave them the power of guided missles. Isaac is no normal child, swallowing every pill he gets his grubby little sausage-fingers on and absorbing beating hearts in through is feet. Not to mention he trades his life for satanic powers he picks up in front of a statue of Satan.I loved the first game and I love this one even more. The game has hours and hours of gameplay and even when you finish the last boss of the game theres always more to do. And this is the only game that has ever made me say,""Yes! Cancer!""."
,Recommended,250900,13155145,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Feesh,everything that was great about the original isaac made even better. absolutely warrants the price of entry.
,Recommended,250900,21874560,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,[S.M.T] Sunil_B :3,I think I need help
,Recommended,250900,21185647,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Cubenaut,"This is the best game I've ever stumbled upon, it's has all the types of gameplay I enjoy."
,Recommended,250900,12940360,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,rufusshinra586,"This is a Rogue-light Zelda style game that, while the gameplay dosn't redefine the genre, the story telling redefines story telling.This is a darkly humorous game that pits Isaac, a boy with more than a few problems, against his mother and the himself.There is little chance that you could sink less than 200 hours into this game and see it all.If you like rogue-like games, if you like Zelda, if you like dark humour, this game is for you."
,Recommended,250900,12937590,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Hdawger,"As a huge fan of the original BOI, I wandered how Edmund and Nicalis could reach the high bar that was set with the original Isaac.  Rebirth has not only managed to reach the bar, but has surpassed it in every category.  Everything from the previous game is still here, but the old mechanics, graphics, and soundtrack have seen a huge upgrade.  The game runs buttery smooth on even the crappiest of PC's, and if you're a fan of the original (Or are just looking to experience the King of all rogue-likes) then look no further.  There is enough new content and meat to this game to rest-assure that it is in no way just an HD-remake of the original.  This is a full-fledged sequel that will keep you entertained for hundreds and possibly thousands of hours."
,Recommended,250900,31205736,Posted: 17 April,all,stormValkyrie,Top notch
76561198042367141,Recommended,250900,26774395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roy,Perfection!
,Recommended,250900,15226723,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Mani,"This game is amazing.  There are a ridiculous amount of achievements.  And if you ever feel like ""ohh I'm getting too good at this game..."" get over it, because beating the game only makes it more and more difficult.  You will have bad runs.  You will want to lose your mind because you can't get into a groove anymore; but, when you do.. it will be so worth it.  And so rewarding."
,Recommended,250900,13163950,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Deranged 101,"Edmund did it again, releasing an amazing sequel that not only follows the original game's formula for gameplay, but added a TON of new content on top of it: Scores of new items, lots of new enemies and bosses, and more playable characters!  The music leaves something to be desired, and given that the previous game had amazing music, I would knock points off for this.  Read on for all details.GRAPHICSThe graphical direction this game went (a more pixelated look over the smoothed look of the original) took me a bit to warm up to, but in the end it all works.  In addition, there are lots of additions that really makes the journey into the basement (and beyond) a lot of fun: significantly more detailed rooms and lighting effects will greet you!MUSIC & SOUNDThe music... Well if you visit the forums you'll see that this is a contentious issue.  In the first game, it was brilliant across the board IMO.  Here... the first level's music (the Basement theme, specifically) is GREAT.  However, I find most of the other stages have music that, at best, is simply ambiance, which makes the tracks more forgettable than in the past.The sound effects also got an overhaul, IMO for the better.  From the sounds enemies make to the flickering of nearby fire, it all fits and is a joy to hear.REPLAYABILITYYou'll never play the same game twice, as all the levels are randomly generated for each run.  This makes for an experience that always feels fresh and can result in you logging a LOT of time playing!  This time around, you can share the seeds for said runs as well.CONCLUSIONIf you enjoy a challenge, want near-infinite replayability, and enjoy seeing a little boy kill tons of demons and creatures of the deep with his tears, buy this game.  It's already undervalued pricewise, yet it goes on sale often, so pick it up whenever you can!"
,Recommended,250900,25572347,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Spooky Pope John Paul II,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvtQYsckLxk
76561198000451597,Recommended,250900,12921183,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Tech,"Welp, this game is everything I wanted it to be... Thanks Edmund :3."
,Recommended,250900,26894557,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,the bould,cool and nice
,Recommended,250900,12791353,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,M00SE,It is good game.
76561198061017592,Recommended,250900,29158403,Posted: 10 January,all,☁ LuckyRusty ☁,is good
,Recommended,250900,12806391,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,The Egg,"It's Binding of Isaac just like you know it, but more of it. Tons more. Better controls, better engine, better graphics.If you liked the original game you'll love this, 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,23901179,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Katamarivania,"Responsible for reinvigorating my interest in gaming. Got 1001% on PS4, then 1001% here, then went back and did utterly everything in the original. The wealth of permutations of gameplay provided by the interacting of 400+ items is something that feels genuinely new in video gaming...Plus, the imagery and concepts... The joy of childhood and ickiness of adulthood... The apocryphal and the poopy... Genius."
76561198047743515,Recommended,250900,33314390,Posted: 6 July,all,PizzaMafia,"Infinite Replayability.I could play this game a hundred times over (i think i already have at this point), Every single run of this game is different.When you first start out, you rely on getting really good items to help you futher through the game. But after beating mom, and mom's heart, and satan, and Isaac, you're skill gets good enough that you beat mom on every run.I remember barely being able to beat the first floor, and now I feel like a master at the game.The best part? I still haven't unlocked everything. I'm still unlocking new items. This game could last a lifetime."
,Recommended,250900,13500665,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,IGgy,"The best Bible Game ever has a remake.Binding of Isaac: Rebirth retells the old tale of Abraham and Isaac with a twist. In the original tale god is descending at the last minute to tell Abe that he was ""just kidding, I only told you to murder your own son to see if you're a filthy child killer and it turns out you are but you don't have to go through with it but seriously, ♥♥♥♥ you!"" I might misremember things and paint god as a more sympathetic character. In this version no one is preventing Isaac from getting killed except Isaac himself. With super-powered projectile tears he battles his way out of a nightmare. Or does he venture further in? Doesn't matter, you shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥and and pick up stuff that makes you shoot different kinds of tears or change your projectile completely. OR give you different benefits altogether. It's like Binding of Isaac only flash is no longer the true final boss. Which means it's a thousand times better and if you didn't buy it yet you are just as horrible as a god who orders the death of a child, even if you go ""lol j/k"" in the end."
76561198169664976,Recommended,250900,18819345,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Intersectional Muslim Feminist,Amazing game
,Recommended,250900,22347049,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Masked Dadledingo,great game m8
76561198069158483,Recommended,250900,13884788,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,✪Chobam✪,Killed my mum and Satan using♥♥♥♥♥♥and a tampon - 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,250900,18746993,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MPO,"Everything lovable about the original game just got better.  There's tons of new features, a fresh coat of paint, and an even better soundtrack.  However, high base difficulty and overly cryptic secrets prevent players from reaching a lot of content.This double-edged mentality carries over to the power-up system, which can randomly help or hurt your run.  Either you'll keep coming back for more, or you'll walk away with disgust.  Either way, it's well worth the experience."
,Recommended,250900,17951975,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Chipmeister,"The original game, before Rebirth and even before WotL, grabbed my attention. Seriously, SERIOUSLY grabbed my attention. I played it as much as I could, trying to get all I could. The visuals were actually very nice to me, the gameplay was nice, and the ability to make a game like this focused around Christian aspects is very amazing. After I got a tad bored from the vanilla version, Wrath of the Lamb came out and freshened up the game immensely. I thought this was going to be the end of the amazing fun that Edmund would bring us with this game....boy, was I wrong.Rebirth's pixely graphics mixed with its synergistic item combinations, evil enemies, and cute baby things that float and follow me around in a creepy way really really gave me a fun, new experience like no other.Sadly, I haven't been able to play the game recently due to my computer's dusty ""insides"", but when I could play this game, it was the best thing ever. I suggest this game to anyone that is looking for an experience that is new every single time you start the game again. No play is the same.And hopefully, I can get this cleaned up before Afterbirth shows its face on October 30th!"
,Recommended,250900,20024128,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gativrek,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (more commonly called ""Rebirth"") is a rogue-like top down tear shooter inspired by Zelda and made by the god himself, Edmund McMillen with the help of Nicalis. The game is very similar to Zelda 1, where the player tranverses dungeons, killing enemies (with his own tears. I'll get there) and destroying bosses and going deeper and deeper into the sanity of Isaac. The game is very famous for it's controversial story, taking a stab at religious groups.In the story, Isaac is a little boy who lives with his christian mom, until the mom hears a voice from above, which she assumes is her God, and the voice asks for her to cleanse his son, by taking everything that is fun in his life, such as his toys, drawings and his clothes. The voice isn't satisfied yet, so it demands a sacrifice of Isaac (much like the biblical story), but Isaac manages to escape her psycho mom by going down a trapdoor hidden on a carpet, and going down to unknown depths below, eventually being powerful enough to face her mom again.The gameplay consists of Isaac killing monsters at his basement with his own tears (because he's sad that his mom left him), dodging enemy bullets, going to item rooms to get items and be more powerful and killing the boss of the floor to get deeper. After certain conditions are met, you get to do a Deal with the Devil, where you trade your health containers (you can get them from HP ups) for usually damage items, with some exceptions. Most of the floors contains a item room and a shop where you can spend money for other resources and items.Isaac collects pennies, keys, bombs, pills, tarot cards, runes and trinkets (they work like temporary items). Pennies can be used to play on slot machines and buy items on the shop, bombs can be used to make pathways or combat, and keys open locked chests and locked doors. Pills, tarot cards and runes stay on a slot until you use them, and each one of them has a different effect, like teleportation, or a stat up.Rebirth is a classic rogue-like, and definately worth your money. Most of the complaints are of it's luck based runs, but with enough practice, you can beat the game without many items. And all the runs have a way to turn overpowered, just need to learn and make good decisions.10/10.001"
76561197968892800,Recommended,250900,18507925,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sachi What With the Fox Face,"The Legend of Zelda meets Bullet Hell meets Roguelite. The remastered version.I don't have to say much suffice that it's a heavily copied archetype on Steam, that started with the original  version of this game.Unless you have a crippling need to avoid fun, this is a must-have in your library--also check the upcoming expansion, Afterbirth."
,Recommended,250900,20026558,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,aamatniekss,"This game.. I don't even know what to say, it's too good. I really can't say anything bad about it. Just buy it!"
,Recommended,250900,28104750,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,★ WOZIU542 ★,"★ 10 THE BIGGEST ADVANTAGES ★☑ 14 characters;☑ over 500 items;☑ over 300 achievements;☑ refers to religion;☑ epic soundtrack;☑ dozen floors;☑ several dozen enemies and bosses;☑ climatic graphic;☑ additional game mode, challenges and daily challenges;☑ mods."
,Recommended,250900,21096340,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,💲💲💲Inculta💲💲💲,its pretty good
76561198127173810,Recommended,250900,19683395,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,JLord,"This game is unique, interesting, has great gameplay, and captures a perfect balance of stressful difficulty, with constant discovery and unlocking. I have played this game for 81 hours now, and it is still rare for me to not unlock something, or find a item I haven't gotten yet, or a new synergy each time I sit down to play. Behind it's 16bit like graphics and short length per run is actually a very sad story about a overly creative if not delusion child slowly breakdown under his religous mothers overbearingness. Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is perfect in its simplicity, replayability, and fair but challenging gameplay.And on a final note, I cannot express in words how much I hate that cellar...."
76561198055493141,Recommended,250900,12791840,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fluff,"I have not played this game for THAT long at the current time, but I can already say that it is a worthy successor to the already loved Binding Of Isaac. The new engine runs smoothly, the graphics breath a crisp new style into the game, and the gameplay retains everything that was great about the original, while adding a few touches and smoothing out some rough edges. If you loved the original, or love dungeon crawlers in general, then you NEED this game."
76561198045549003,Recommended,250900,13635170,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sir Smartass,A sequel to a near perfect game ! I highly recommend it to everyone (provided they're not too easily shocked) !
,Recommended,250900,18170572,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,igotmy9milli,This is the only game I ever need.
,Recommended,250900,13898866,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,evansiok22,This is probably one of the best games in my library so far. I had several hours put into the binding of isaac original game and rebirth blew it out of the water. Hundreds of creative new items and fantastic development. This is definately worth your $15.
,Recommended,250900,12846534,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Spookas,This game is fun. The hours of replay value and the wacky item combos you can get are amazing and I'd reccomend this game to anyone with a gore/scat fetish or someone who likes fun video games.
,Recommended,250900,27117069,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trias,One of the best rogue-like games out there. Even after 700+ hours I still keep coming back to it.
,Recommended,250900,17250291,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,am grill,"i was 13 when i made this review, not gay anymore. xd"
,Recommended,250900,17956187,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,TheCapriSunKid,This game ♥♥♥♥s you harder than any dark souls game
,Recommended,250900,27345835,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Captain Dickhead,PPQL L9WT Is the best seed. I used it to beat 6/9 of the milestones with the lost on hard mode.9.5/10
,Recommended,250900,15938317,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Anh Alexander,"10/10 - Extremely addicting with randomization that provides a different experience every run.  As much as I loved the original Binding of Isaac, Rebirth improves on the frame rate, mechanics, and sheer amount of items.I simply cannot explain how great this game is.  PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,250900,14542770,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Sajmun,I can play this game for hours and don't get boredPositive :- Variety of monsters- +150 Achievements- Upgrades make the game more fun- A game genre that you don't see much anymore (In this quality)Negative :I don't have any negative points for this gameConclusion : A game that needs to be a part of your collection
,Recommended,250900,18755976,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,⊱Diagnosis Psychosis⊰,"If you want a game you can play, beat, and be done with, get off steam.If you want a game you could beat, and still have more too do, with more struggle, and accomplishment, get this, and get ready."
,Recommended,250900,13277816,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,DØD VED KØLLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"With over 100 hours now, I can tell it looks alot like the other binding of isaac game(DUH!), but ye.---Overview of the game.+I like the new graphics. It makes it feel nicer, I was a little like: What is this♥♥♥♥♥♥graphic!??... in the start but it turned out I would like it+ and - Its the same game but with ""DLC"" from the other game too.+ ITS BLOODIER!+ Seeds. It gives you the oppurtunity to save your seeds if you get a good run. Keep in mind that you wont get achievements on seeded runs(Example: Find a brimstone seed and kill Satan wont yield achievemnt)+ Addictive. Well at least I find it addictive cause every run is different.Well I think that was it for now."
76561198071891990,Recommended,250900,13207517,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,☃Mekat Norray☃,"This is one of my favorite games. I can see myself playing alot of this game because there is so much to do, and has great replay value. As I play I unlock more cool items that I will find later on in the game. It's so much fun figuring out what the items will do. There is some really hard challenges and I like the new ""Hard mode"" Overall this is a great game and I recommend this game very strongly."
,Recommended,250900,19233200,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Simplest of the Simpler,"Now that I played 50.0 hours of this game, I think it's safe to say that this is the best game ever for playing in school during breaks or even in class thanks to not requiring a mouse lel. It's really easy to jump in and out of the fluid, constant 60fps rogue-type gameplay and completing the challenges/runs that I would have otherwise not found time to do at home due to homework.9.5/10 because all I get in curse rooms is either Goat's head or Guppy's Paw + no FOV slider in options.(No seriously, this is an awesome game and well worth the price. If you're looking for a game that you can play in your spare time and easily jump in and out when you have to do something, then get this! You can run this game on a potato if you wanted to)."
,Recommended,250900,12912664,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[GUG] Runescape Imp c. 2007,My words cannot do this game justice. Just buy the game!10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,250900,28847252,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pandy,"Quite literally one of the best games on Steam and for it's price and how much you get out of it, is an absolute steal."
,Recommended,250900,26890714,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ت,Einer der Besten Dungeon-side-scroller der zur Zeit existiert.100% Kaufempfehlung!
,Recommended,250900,12792482,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Plaster,If you liked the first game then you also like this one. gg go buy it you ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250900,14419697,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SymbiMOHsis,"This is one of the greatest games I've ever played.It's a top down, randomly generated, rogue shooter.  The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth gives you plenty of replayablility with its 50+ enemy types, dozens of bosses (and mini bosses), and literally hundreds of items.  With every game being changed based on what you've unlocked, as well as your prayers to RNGesus, you can spend hours and hours playing this.  Most of my 60 hours on this, and 30 or 40 hours on the original are played because it's something easy to play if you want to watch a movie or some tv at the same time, or just don't have enough time to start a longer game like DotA.Highly Recommend9/10"
76561198152935248,Recommended,250900,33135984,Posted: 2 July,all,autumnalsolstice,real good many possiblitities get the DLC tho
,Recommended,250900,13411164,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Fireey825,"First 40 minutes and is already a pretty great game, I think this game is 10 Poops out of 10"
,Recommended,250900,17822244,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Lord Tetsuo,"Worth every penny, and when afterbirth comes out it will most definitely be worth the $15 pricetag"
,Recommended,250900,15750230,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Godfish,This game is an objective upgrade from it's predecessor.
,Recommended,250900,12823408,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sninctbur,"Like the Pact, this game is mandatory to buy."
,Recommended,250900,12865449,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Washing Machine,You are a naked baby running in your house's basement and killing monsters and destroying poops with your own tears .10/10
,Recommended,250900,13172005,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Darling,"Killed Satan with poisonous, homing, laser eyes. 10/10."
76561198066442763,Recommended,250900,14181299,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,tony hawk is actually gay,This game fills me with happiness and at the same time has the capability to make me SO ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MORE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THAN A ♥♥♥♥ING NUN IN A STRIP CLUB THIS GAME MAKES ME SO ♥♥♥♥ING ANGRY HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥but it is an amazing game and you should play it BUT DON'T PLAY IT AROUND GLASS OR OTHER BREAKABLE ITEMS.
,Recommended,250900,13572484,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Scaryman713,When you hit a fly with your tears it doesn't spiral out of flight and die on the first hit. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12818635,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,D.Va,"The Isaac of Isaac is a randomly generated Isaac RPG Isaac with heavy Isaac-like elements. Following Isaac on his journey Isaac will find Isaac treasures that change Isaac’s Isaac giving him super Isaac abilities and enabling him to Isaac off droves of mysterious Isaacs, discover Isaac and fight his way to Isaac."
,Recommended,250900,12813748,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,TOExHEAD,"Vast improvement over, So many items, many synergies, very improved Mom's Heart fight amoung other things. I did not play much of the original becasue I was so bad but I watch many youtubers and steamers and became familiar with this game. Only complaints I have is in some rooms even without curse of darkness it is way too dark, and when I have my digital surround on my headphones turned on I can't hear SFX. Game runs butter smooth since flash is not bottlenecking it. I first did not like the artstyle but after a couple dozen runs I see how it is a vast improvemnt over the original. I plan on playing this very often and always find myself saying ""just one more run.""But another thing that is sort of seperate to the game is that I thought they were adding a new hat or hats to Team Fortress 2 but it does not look like that is happening."
,Recommended,250900,12820643,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Morty Mcfly,"Looking for an abundance of dungeon crawling, monster slaying, power-up hunting, haunting gameplay with stellar pixelated animation and atmospheric music.... look no further.  The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth contains the most chalenging fun & replayability in a game that I have ever experienced.  With added local co-op functionallity, increased powerups, new bosses, more levels, and added characters; it ranks up there as one of the best remakes I can remember.  Do yourself a favor, and if you like rogue like dungeon crawlers, pick this game up."
,Recommended,250900,13029947,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Rumi,"GameplayAtmosphereAudioThese are the three elements that make a game.Gameplay is raised a little. There's new gimmicks and new items, monsters and rooms to explore. It feels like the enemies are a bit more varied. No longer is caves full of greed heads in every room. Though another unfair enemy has been introduced. Wall spiders with a triple shot. Luckily they're not that common.  There are more items too, a good thing? Yesnoyesno?  If you like an item, good luck getting it, because getting an item you like has less chance of appearing with every DLC.Atmosphere went down a little. The graphics are a bit more pixelated. There's an option to make it look like the old BoI but it still looks like a pixelated mess. The game feels a bit less evil too somehow. Maybe because there's so many farts around. Farting and obesity has been taking over evil, really. The good atmospheric feature is little waterstreams running over the wall. Fireflies in dark and secret rooms. A few extra details thrown it does make it pleasurable on the eyes.Audio went down, by a lot. I feel like the monster sounds just aren't as memorable. The undead floating babies used to give me goosebumps in BoI 1.  I can't think of a single memorable enemy sound anymore. The music is just noise. I was looking forward to having more BoI music to love and enjoy, as I did with the first game. Little inbetween songs such as ''Agony'' and ''Pride'' of the first game, they REALLY made the other game feel alive. Honestly, I can't think of a single inbetween-stage-musics right now, not even how they went... It just kinda blends in with all the other random noise.Should you buy this game?It's hard... It's definitely not worth 15 euros. It's alright overal though. I'd say you wait until a sale. You won't be missing out on that much, but when you do have the game, you may enjoy yourself for several hours with it. Possibly days."
,Recommended,250900,12819255,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Lust ©,"Words cannot describe the pure enjoyment this game has brought to my soul, 10/10 Would play forever haven't stopped since it came out, feels soooooooooooooo good, just let it come inside of me and fill me with it's love juices....In other words...It's alright..."
,Recommended,250900,27862987,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrDragonboy96,"Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is in my oppinion still the best Rogue like game you can find on Steam. It's just perfect in every way. Lot of items, enemies and bosses and a lot more. You always come back to this game and want to play it again. It's difficult in the beginning but you can get use of it very fast and it's always a new experience. If you like Rogue like games than you should buy this one. It's worth it ;) There is also a new update coming^^"
,Recommended,250900,12803680,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Slowacki,"Decided to pre-order on the last possible day and I'm not disappointed. Still only few hours into it and I can't really state all the pros/cons, but I will try to write as many as I could find.+ NO FPS DROPS+ New items (tons)+ New characters (Azazel is just awesome)+ New bosses and enemies+ New secrets+ Big rooms (quite fun to clear those)+ Still grasps what BoI was about (loot, challenge and the replay value)+/- New graphics style, some might like it some might not+/- Personally, I would love to have RoR style item list with descriptions about what item does what+/- The difficulty level seems to be changed. Some say it's easier (I think it is in general), however, some fights are much harder imo (like mom's heart), but maybe it's cause I didn't work out the strategy to clear it easily- No mouse support (that hit me HARD)- I think I liked the previous background music more (that's just a personal opinion though)All in all, the game is great and I would recommend it both to BoI veterans and to people who just want to start playing the series. It covers the previous version content fully, while improving it as well as adds so many features and content that it's still something new for the old BoI players.It has this missing time syndrome, where you go ""just for a one last run"" and when you actually check the clock it's already few hours later.Haven't tried the co-op yet, will update the review once I do."
,Recommended,250900,14476292,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Smonkk,"It's like if you got the original, made it better in EVERY single way including huge framerate boosts, cool item combinations, 4 unique new characters and some rather interesting challenges and then multiplied how much better it now is by 2.A downside is a more forgettable soundtrack than the first game, but this one does have some nice songs. I find Murmur of the Harvestmen quite relaxing, Infanticide's quite epic and Hericide and the one for Basic Boss Fight are probably my favourite boss themes for this game."
,Recommended,250900,26948556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cold Water,Mmmmm very nice
89898989898986565,Recommended,250900,12809729,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hymn,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth completely blows the previous game out of the water. If you liked/loved the first one, then you're going to love Rebirth. The new items and characters are whole new level fun, even more so with all the new item synergies. Being able to play it a constant 60 fps is also a wonderful thing as well as the overall improved flow of gameplay from it being on a non-Flash engine.This game is absolutely worth the money."
,Recommended,250900,27481393,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Adapts73,10/10Would fight fetuses again
,Recommended,250900,27186719,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Gestore,Super
76561198269158387,Recommended,250900,28696875,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zo_oM,"Great game, Lots of replay value.Would Recomend buying."
,Recommended,250900,12814256,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,weezy' ๑ﭥ,Wanted a edgy game and asked a friend what to get. He said buy binding of isaac. i started playing and its pretty freaking hard. anyway i really like this game. controls are easy to use. cool music. and you need to have patience
,Recommended,250900,12813597,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Seadro,its all about that wombo combo
,Recommended,250900,24424031,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Alkurion,One of my favorite games ever. Really amazing and short. You dont have to sit for hours on end to finish a run. Instead you can choose to just play for a single hour or two. Highly highly recommended.
,Recommended,250900,29695047,Posted: 4 February,all,🎃 Honl SPOOKPASTA 🎃,I like fetuses. This game is perfect for me!
,Recommended,250900,12810583,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[War Hen] Kal,"This game takes everything that was great about the original and makes it better.   New, awesome music, a very nice graphical overhaul, a far better game engine, tons of new items, as well as tweaks and changes to many of the old items, new enemies and bosses, and lots of new secrets.  Very highly recommended."
76561198090310182,Recommended,250900,29469677,Posted: 24 January,all,Timentum,"-WARNING- Very Addictive Game...It's not a game you see everyday, so it's a very unique game.If you thought Dark Souls pushes you to the limit then you obviously haven't played this game (or preferably the lost character on greed mode).  This game has 100's of hours of gameplay, but even then everything is randomized every time you play the game (unless you manually input the same seed in everytime), on top of all that you also have all the mods which can add 100's if not 1000's of more hours onto the game.  There are also over 50 challenges (their may be way more) to do to fully unlock everything, depending on how lucky you are with the items and how skilled you are with them, this can also add a load of hours into the game.I would recommend it to anyone who loves a challenge, or is looking to play something different."
,Recommended,250900,29444605,Posted: 23 January,all,SimoneLouisee,I don't understand how a game can literally keep me playing day in and day out for over a year..
,Recommended,250900,13652462,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tinska,"I was already swallowed by the game's greatness on the day I bought it.If you liked TBoI, then this is a must have.I personally would take this over the original even if I had to pay 10€ extra.-Better visuals.-The pixel graphics fit the games theme more in my opinion.-Runs a lot better, I had FPS problems even on low settings in the first game. So far I haven't seen any sort of FPS drop in this game, not even when there is a lot of stuff going on on-screen.-More characters-More items-More enemies and bosses-I prefer this games music over the first one's (Especially Mom and Mom's Heart themes) but the old ones were really good too. It's a matter of opinion.-All of the Wrath of the Lamb content is here too, no need to buy DLC.-Seeds (by that I mean seeds like in Minecraft's world creation) for the unlucky/unskilled ones. Or just for fun. Eh, why not?What can I say more, it is just the original game but enchanced. A lot.It may cost more than the original but trust me, it's worth it."
,Recommended,250900,12792718,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ayyvian,"Excellent 16-bit Graphics. Endless Gameplay. Naked Characters. Poop! This game is stupidly fun/punishing for hardcore gamers. I'd highly recommend you guys to play this game and experience anything that comes in your way, whether the items are good or bad, great or terrible. But with the new combinations of Rebirth, you can make bad items turn you into a 10-ton killing machine, or better/worse."
76561198166489619,Recommended,250900,33755164,Posted: 23 July,all,Gary The Hot Soup,Good
,Recommended,250900,13706673,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mavis9nixon,this game is better than the original in every way (except music)...  I thought the coop mode would be my favorite part but my favorite part is the challenges.(edmund is god)
76561198203186328,Recommended,250900,32523591,Posted: 17 June,all,pyro™,"Words can't describe how much I adore this game. It's an addictive, obsessive, replayable, fun, and awesome dungeon crawler. And a great, easier, more welcoming sequel to the original Binding of Isaac. I've almost lost count of how many hours I've shoved into this game (400+ as of now) and I'm glad I spent all those hours getting 1,000,000% in Afterbirth+. This is easily one of, if not my favorite game of all time and I reccomend getting it the moment you have enough money."
76561198119156317,Recommended,250900,17314899,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,the scheme machine,My only regret is that steam didn't record all the hours I have on this game.
,Recommended,250900,33624270,Posted: 18 July,all,Moerekh,One of my favorite games ever made.I frequently have this game open to play while I'm streaming something.
,Recommended,250900,15674026,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"With every purchase of this game, Edmund McMillen is able to afford another hour of the life saving pyschotherapy he clearly needs. Won't you please donate today?"
,Recommended,250900,21160156,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Aaron,ye
,Recommended,250900,12793916,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Makin,Hell yes. There's no reason not to get it. Literally Binding of Isaac 2.0.
,Recommended,250900,18850337,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,High Exarch Turalyon,"10/10 Would die 10,000 times again"
,Recommended,250900,13798383,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,thatsnotme,best. game. ever.
76561197998770706,Recommended,250900,18853365,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,GERNHARDT,Great game with insane amount of content and replayability.Worth getting the DLC because it adds a lot of content as well.The feeling of being the ugliest little♥♥♥♥♥♥in history but at the same time you crush everything in your path is just 10/10 (I wish that would work in RL as well)
,Recommended,250900,16536208,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sonic_RocketPotatoL62,"The first game to reveal the truth that beating a game isn't enough, only getting all the achievements does."
76561198237812760,Recommended,250900,18851191,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Rapacities,"Great game, entirely worth the money for the amount of play you get out of it. Endless replays and with great expansions."
,Recommended,250900,18852284,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,JohnLenny( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"If your hesitating about adding this game to your library, don't, it is amazing and definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,250900,35029509,Posted: 17 September,all,DFliyerz,"I played over a hundred hours in the first two weeks I had the game, and it was worth every penny."
76561197992030334,Recommended,250900,27053650,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deckard,"Never liked the original Isaac when I got it at a Steam sale years ago; the controls were too obtuse and made the game far more frustrating than it needed to be.This game, however, is glorious. Would have never tried it if I hadn't watched a few Northernlion playthroughs on YouTube. Now, this is one of my absolute favorites. It strangely reminds me of the card game Solitare. It's all about playing smart and being willing to accept that sometimes you just get a lousy hand on a run.Endless permutations. Endless possibilities."
,Recommended,250900,13151385,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,north face,Wonderful.
,Recommended,250900,27485688,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The FAM,"I love this game, every time i play it i become a new abomination that somehow win♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yeh, i enjoy this game, and you better do too."
,Recommended,250900,13284345,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Bláck,"Do you want to feel bad, but in a good way?Play this game. It'll be the most horrible and wonderful experience of your life.You might have to play a bit ahead first to know what I'm talking about."
76561198020479751,Recommended,250900,14755713,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DUNYANINPATRONU,"Easily the most satisfying game I have ever played.I have finished all achievements and acquired Real Platinum God, and here is my crucial advice:When you decide to get the achievements of the hidden character (If you had the patience to unlock it in the first place), do realize that this particular character will take more of your time than every other character and challenge achievements combined.To make this relatively easy, do your research before you start playing the game. Do not unlock items that are useless for this character, (which are really abundant) unlock only the necessary items. Then complete the achievements of the hidden character first before you get into others (and challenges). Trust me when i say you will be rerolling the game so many times your R button is going to come off. Therefore every useless item taken out of the equation is significant amount of saved time.10/10. I am eagerly waiting for the expansion pack."
,Recommended,250900,15906173,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Cat Almighty,"Real Platinum God~~~~~~~~~~~~~Very fun roguelike, maybe even the best in the genreThis game is definitely worth your time, and that's coming from the guy who lost 159 hours of my life to it. And even more once the dlc comes out."
,Recommended,250900,12793607,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Gromek999,Jumping into the womb of my mom has never been better10/10 would jump again.
,Recommended,250900,19166333,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Aethermaster144,Amazing game for spending plenty of time doing. If you have an extra half hour just play a quick game.
,Recommended,250900,14001126,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,bubgy,"From the moment I started playing it I noticed how much of an improvement this game was in comparison to the previous. Before playing this, Vanilla Isaac was originally a 10/10, but after it's a mere 3.5/10. This game is nothing except a better experience with new bosses, items, combos, and ways to have a good time."
76561198081872049,Recommended,250900,13626502,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lord Burger,I love it. I hate it. I can't stop playing it.Update: And there's even more content coming!
76561198136428086,Recommended,250900,28573638,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Floralfragment,cool game
,Recommended,250900,12984836,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Nuclear Fox,"Since this game is a sequel/ huge upgrade of the original BoI, I've made a 2-part review: first part is for people who never played it, and 2nd is for BoI veterans.____________________________So, you look at this game for the first time in your life and probably think it's strange. Well, you're right - on the first look it's a game about a boy running away from his over-religious mother who tries to kill him, fighting weirdest monsters you can imagine, eventually killing your own mom. But, as you proceed and go further in your runs you see more different endings that, if you can see specific details(or just read some of the good explanations), explain the true meaning of all the things that happened with the poor Isaac. The story will eventually make sence to you and that's actually why I love Edmund's games - they have more than 1 layer of the story in most cases.The game itself is a randomised dungeon crawler that can be both easy and close to impossible depending on your luck and skill. If you die a lot in the beginning - that's totally fine, at some moment you will suddenly notice that your dodging/shooting/item finding skills became much better. You will understand what items work great together, and which items you'd better avoid.What's also good about this game is its replay value. Each time you get different dungeon/bosses/monsters and item combinations. When you want something special, you can always go for Challenges that give you specific restrictions, or choose another character(some of them completely change your playstyle).So, if you're interested in the game, I'd recomment going forward to second part. It is mostly for players who are moving from original game, but you'll understand some stuff from it too._________________________Compared to the original BoI, game has changed a lot:-it now has 300+ items, 60 trinkets, and almost half a hungred of consumables(not counting pills that also got some new fun effects)-it is no longer working on Flash(yay!) which means it runs perfectly, wihout any crazy freezes and glitches tha you might remember from original-TONS of new bosses and monsters added, old ones are also reworked, with some becoming easier, but not without some becoming harder(yes, I'm looking at Lumps)-new crazy challenges to have fun with-new good graphics style-new world endgame branch with corresponding new final boss-Secrets! I will not tell you more , but there's a hard-to-find super-secret boss and unimaginably hidden secret character-more synergies for items than you can even imagine, they will create jaw-dropping effects every now and then with stuff like walls of knives, bombs that explode into smaller bombs exploding into toxic lakes...it will take a lot of time to say all of them_________________________So, to sum the things up, this is a fantastic game. If you're into genre, you shall definetly buy it. If not, this might be a good game to start with roguelikes.Hope you enjoyed that long wall of text :)"
,Recommended,250900,12816896,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Luminous,"My god. I haven't been this addicted to a game in so long. I haven't put over 10 hours, completed the normal and foil badges within 24 hours to any other game period.The Binding Of Isaac: Rebirth is a remake of the original BoI/Wrath of The Lamb. It takes everything it did with the first and makes it a thousand times better. Rebirth redesigns its art-style for a new more pixelated look giving it a more edgier and grim feel. For those who prefered the old style though you are given to option to change style so it fits both parties.Rebirth also adds in a ton of new items, giving you more to work with and plenty more combinations to work out. But here in lays my first issue, A lot of the new items are just different symbols, similar to how the old devil room items looked but only now their really hard to distinguish. This makes learning what each item is/does really hard. On the other hand some of the new items are really really fun some even change your playstyle completely.In this version there are also 3 brand new characters each adding something new to the game. One of the more interesting additions is a boy named Eden, unlocked by beating moms heart for the first time he actually starts out as one of the weakest characters, however the more times you beat the heart the stronger he gets getting better starting items/stats. The other two are a lot of fun too, one of them even being my new favourite, but you'll have to work them out youself. My next issue lies with Cain. In the original Isaac he was easily my favourite character (before getting the D-6 for Isaac) but with Rebirth and the nerfing of the 'Lucky Foot' he has lost what made him special leaving him in the 'meh' side of characters.With a new game comes a new soundtrack and while i'm sure I'm the minority with this view, I adore the new soundtrack, a lot better than the original again giving it that grittier feel tot he whole game. Again though, I know I'm the minority with that so that it with a pinch of salt.Finally the controls, and here is where my last two issues lay. With the original Isaac you had the option of keyboard controls or keyboard and mouse. I opted for the mouse as it felt much smoother. In Rebirth for some bizzare reason the mouse controls were removed. Whether this was beacuase of the PS4/Vita release is unsure but it was an uncormfortable switch. But in Rebirth thankfully we finally have controller support and now even I must admit I much prefer the analog controls over fixed controls like keyboard, again, it feels much smoother allowing for more precise movement. But that isn't an excuse for missing mouse controls so hopefully they make a return.My final complaint however is that while the controls are beautiful, for the first time ever I find myself saying 'this game runs TOO well/fast'. Remember how witht he original you would get those random slowdowns/frame drops? You have the opposite problem here. Every so often my game will go super speed requiring insane reaction speed. I've failed several runs due to this random speed up and lack of cat reflexes but again, just a minor issue.So Yes I without question reccomend you get this game asap. Its a lot of fun and any fan of the original will have no issue getting into this one. Just be prepared for a switch in controls if you used to use mouse."
,Recommended,250900,15034497,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Sestesh,Muito bom recomendo a todos !
,Recommended,250900,15341611,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Weasel On Diesel,One...more...run...
76561198115314271,Recommended,250900,23944345,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,deadhalfling,"Isaac is so fun you'll keep playing hundreds of hours.Isaac is so challenging you'll come back after hundreds of deaths.Isaac is so big you'll struggle to remember hundreds of items.Isaac is so well designed you'll prefer it over hundreds of games.Isaac's art style, disturbing mood, and perplexing themes involve hundreds of poops.And at this price it's a steal."
,Recommended,250900,34283638,Posted: 16 August,all,TheChosenCaterpie,noice
,Recommended,250900,27384522,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The_Reaper95,"Straight up Rogue-like action. Highly replayable, metric ♥♥♥♥ tons of content and often goes on sale for quite cheap."
,Recommended,250900,25660029,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ben,the game is hard but fun i love it
,Recommended,250900,21877225,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,SabreCat,"One of my all-time favorites since the Flash days,The Binding of Isaac: Rebirthis one of the most consistently entertaining games I've ever bought. Even when you've played twenty or fifty or a hundred hours, firing up another playthrough remains a temptation. There's always something more to unlock, another challenge to attempt, a new and bizarre combination of items to discover. For even more variety, there's alibrary of modsto check out.I guess there was some kind of furor over the release of the Afterbirth DLC, but as someone who wasn't in the thick of it, I don't see any reason not to recommend it. Greed Mode offers a compact challenge with a number of new unlocks associated. Daily challenges are a ton of fun, especially if you buddy up with someone onGreedbuttto compare scores with. The new characters play very differently from anything that's come before. And while there's not anything particularly notable about the new monsters and rooms, they pad out the roster enough to freshen things up if you've been playing a while. It's not a must-have DLC, but if you play Rebirth and enjoy it, it's a worthy addition."
,Recommended,250900,26853079,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joe,"This game is amazing. It's dangerously addictive! Yes, it's very hard. Yes, you will die and lose... often. But it's fun, it's rich, it's various. The music is awesome, the graphics are lovely horrible, and the humor is dark. The gameplay is fantastic. The premise for the game may seem simple but the almost unlimited replay value from random rooms, bosses and enemies keeps to playing for hours. The game also has a random item system that makes every play through different, and brings you totally fresh experience. So much fun."
76561197998333880,Recommended,250900,18866887,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ham den rÖde,"The Binding of Isaac is the definition of the ""JUST... ONE... MORE... ROUND"" kind of game.This game is as far from dull as humanly possible.Pros:- Wonderfully grotesque art style- Every single game will be unique, and you'll most likely always end up with an interesting and entertaining item build- The amount of different items to obtain is insane- Simple, yet very functional and fluid combat system- Exploration, exploration, exploration- One of the best DLC packs I've ever tried (Afterbirth) - Great value- It's cheap!- Multiple different playable characters to choose fromCons:- Some of the items aren't so great, and can end up ruining your cool item build, if you're not familiar with them- Some of the boss designs are not the greatest- The art style may rub some people the wrong wayAlso, this is not a story driven game at all. This is almost purely about the gameplay. I didn't know whether to put this point under ""Pros"" or ""Cons"", since it's pretty subjective. I don't consider it a con, but you might.After having invested countless hours into the original ""Binding of Isaac"", after enjoying ""Rebirth"" just as much, and having just started exploring ""Afterbirth"", I can safely say these games offer some of the greatest value for your money that you can get here on Steam.I love it.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,20886250,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,Into the basementJust leave all your clothes behindPoop is everywhere
,Recommended,250900,13169725,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lilbit,I got to pee blood on my mothers leg to kill her....
,Recommended,250900,29252743,Posted: 14 January,all,💗Summer💗,"I have been wanting this game for 2 years! and i now have it :Di been playing the HELL OUT OF IT and i now have a review for this gamenow its time.binding of iassc rebirth is Amazing to be honest.it has that legend of zelda feeling * oh wait this is what this game is sorta made to feel like*i like the items of the game for example * magic mushroom is one of the best out there but there is better to be honest like godhead or soy milk*Gameplayits like legend of zelda but if was made in hd and had over 250 items * i think its over 250, but thats how big it is*10/10*edit* now i have afterbirth and you should check out my other rewiews"
,Recommended,250900,20420538,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,orbittwz,"Probably the best Indie Rouge-Like twin stick game of all times!A true masterpiece to play, loved every second i've played this game, and i would strongly recommend it to anyone who want to experience what a game should be in this concept.You will try to see every bit and cranny of this game, collect every item, unlock every achievement and explore every possible character combinations, to maximize all the game has to offer!After magificant 270h of gameplay, i finally 100% it, and i wish TBOI2 will be created so i will return to play this genre of games.Thank you!P.S I guess i should pick up Nuclear Throne when i will feel like it for now :PCheers!"
,Recommended,250900,12914230,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,GemsTv,"So, lets start this. The Binding Of Isaac: Rebirth is isaac but 20x better than the original. Its the same game but in a new great engine that gives us awesome pixel art and also silky smooth 60fps and no lag. With the new engine the developer is able to make so much more happen in this great game, from biger rooms, to new effects, more item combinationz, flashy skills. Its all amazing. This game is hard at first but once you beat mom, it gets easier, once you beat her heart you feel like you know this game even more. Rebirth is your classic stradegy dungeon puzzle maze game and it is so fun to play, Id recommend this game to anyone who wants a challenge. I wouldnt recommend this game to someone who gives up easily. Once you get better at the game the more fun the game gets. Well worth the 10 dollars i paid for the game because i also owned the previous binding of isaac :)"
76561198103698216,Recommended,250900,26971470,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alysso Rooder,"Every run is different, you can play this game for month and it still feels like a new game: ""great replay value"" is an understatement."
76561198056743245,Recommended,250900,22459431,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Bloom Mundy,"With the overwhelming amount of content and replay value that this game has, it would've been a DLC-Fest and Microtransactions galore if it's made or published by EA or Ubisoft. Also, something something satanism: 666/10"
76561198050436325,Recommended,250900,12855609,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Beer The Wicked Bottle,I made a huge green wiggling death ring and made my mom's heart go boom with my pet cat's head.Did I mention you can turn enemies into poop in this game?42/0 will keep fapping to it
,Recommended,250900,19210937,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,felixfys,"One of the few games that doesnt get boring. Every run has something different .every run makes a whole new experience . This a unique game and i dont use that word lightly. Fun and great creative ideas with a brilliant excution, r8 10/10 m8."
,Recommended,250900,13069228,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Axel.v (PrehisJAWric),"I've never been a fan of TBoI until I tried this version. Before I never touched the game once, nowadays I'm glued to the screen, running every character though the game!It does everything right, when it comes to collecting items, and running the game through multiple times!"
,Recommended,250900,12885069,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NeuroFuzzy,"Originally, I thought this remake would not be worth the purchase. Boy, was I wrong. Greatly expanding  off the original (even more than the Wrath of Lambs expansion). New retro style visuals (that you can turn off if you so desire). AND, native controller suppport (gasp!). With a slew of easter eggs to boot. Worth the price of entry...but can you survive the nightmare? the horror? the fact that your psychotic mother is trying to kill you?Enjoy :)"
,Recommended,250900,13179220,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[CralleZ],"Amazing, just amazing. 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13888306,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LittleBigPancake,Its pretty good.
,Recommended,250900,13508110,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Naffard,Have you enver wondered what it feels like to have sex and be god at the same time? It's like half as cool as this game.
,Recommended,250900,12799615,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hackham,"10/10 I GOT GROUNDED WHEN I YELLED OUT ""YES I KILLED MY MOM"""
,Recommended,250900,17495088,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Weeaboo (しじま),Perfect...
,Recommended,250900,17804330,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Blank,"A remaster of a great game; Rebirth tops the original with a ton more items, enemies, dungeons, bosses and a new soundtrack that any fan would like, as well as fluid 60FPS gameplay to top it off. The graphical style is great and gives off that gameboy-ish feeling, but keeps the imagery of the original Binding of Isaac in tact.Trust me when I say if you enjoyed the original, you will most likely enjoy this masterpiece."
,Recommended,250900,12790552,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,skalerz,"Ok, I need to make a review on my most favourite game ever. This may be bad and rushed because I need to go back playing it.The Binding of Isaac Rebirth is the best game ever, Said no one ever. Said no one ever. See what I did there?  Ok, anyway the reason I recommend this is because....Pros:- INSANE Replayability- Many Many Items- Many Many Secrets- Very Very Hard- Very Very Easy- Thousands of reasons to punch your computers face in- Nice Graphics- Good Atomsphere- Amazing Music- THE BEST Jokes- Stuff- Stuff- Stuff- Stuff- Seriously though, there is so much stuff in Rebirth- TONS of synergiesCons:- Annoying enemies- Annoying bosses- But these are probably prosBUY ITBUY IT NOWBECOMEONE OF USONE OF USONE OF USWASTE YOUR LIFE AWAYLISTEN TO MEWHY ARE YOU READING REVIEWS?YOU SHOULD BE PLAYING THE GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,250900,33149156,Posted: 2 July,all,succInstincts,cool guy
,Recommended,250900,12835378,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Zouzinar le boulard,y u do dis mom
76561198116514055,Recommended,250900,23227676,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,FtheRadscorpions,"One of the best games in the Rogue-like genre, the gameplay feels like the point that Rogue-like games strive for. While the RNG can be utterly frustrating at times, it's balanced out by the times you get lucky and find the best item in the game: the Soy Milk. I give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,250900,13518169,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,deth greep,"Took everything about the original and made it approximately a million times better while also adding insane amounts of new content. Also lots of poops.I have spent the last month or so playing this game. I have isolated myself from my friends, refusing to play games with them because Rebirth is love, Rebirth is life. Tons of replayability and an expansion said to double the game's content is already onthe way.10/10 game of the yearAFTERBIRTH UPDATE:So it's great. Mostly. The expansion was not released complete with all content for the purposes of secrets not being found in the game's files like The Lost. I'm not a fan.Every post-release update seems to make the game worse, nerfing fun items to the point of almost uselessness. A lack of a changelog makes it impossible to know what's a nerf and what's a bug.Once again we have a secret character that sucks. It's absolutely harder to play than The Lost, screwing a lot of the player base. The grind to unlock this character is almost not worth the payoff. It takes hundreds of greed mode runs just to get a character that is not fun to play in the slightest.Despite all this, there are good additions to the game and it does remain fun to play."
,Recommended,250900,12974886,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Lotad,I murdered my mom with a fart and then stabbed poops in her womb. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,13407141,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Eric,"Liked the first iteration in the series? Rebirth is like that, times 3. Tons of items, combinations, and secrets to constantly surprise and delight fans of the genre.Need any more reasons to buy the game? Fine. Mo' money, mo' problems, so drop some money on this game and live a simpler life."
,Recommended,250900,12795468,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zetsuji,The simple awesomeness of topping a spoonful of peanut butter with chocolate covered espresso beans.
,Recommended,250900,16655673,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,αυst,"Pros:Jogabilidade incrível, som, desenho adptado, fases incríveis (monstros/itens/portas secretas).Contras:Single Player, morreu/perdeu (volta desdo começo). Dificil chegar o chefão no final e conseguir algumas conquistas."
,Recommended,250900,12805023,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,nuke,"i dont like this game, but i play it anyways"
,Recommended,250900,12794154,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,aaa,This game is epic.And we need more DLCs!!!
,Recommended,250900,12793226,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Dr. Schwifty,The Poop has Physics.11/10.(On a side-note: The game runs as smooth as silk now. Improvements out the♥♥♥♥♥ Everything is better than the original.)
,Recommended,250900,12793682,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,[DWard] [CGO] Razorcif,Forever Alone Simulator 2014 GOTY
,Recommended,250900,23151623,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,JIMMY,"Ok so Im not gonna write an entire page about this but I will list some pros ans cons about the game....ready? AlrightPROS:-the game is really challanging because of its random levels and monsters ( especially for new players like me );-it contains TONS and TONS of items, monsters, bosses and new characters;-once you unlock a new character the game becomes slightly easier to complete;-you can input the seed of the world you want to play in;-some bosses are cute :D.CONS:-if you dont have a controller you are pretty much screwed ( its almost immposible to play with the keyboard...well...at least from my experience );-luck, luck and more luck are neccesary to beat the game. Because of its random levels and random item generation, some levels are really hard to beat ( no good power ups in golden rooms, no heart drops, the reward of the beaten boss is poopy, etc. ).BUT, the game is still really enjoyable even with these couple of cons and sometimes they arent even noticable.My rating on this game is  a 9/10 because of its randmoness, challanges and cutenes. This is one of the rare games that made me feel good when i defeated a boss. Thank you developers."
,Recommended,250900,12978901,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Roomba,THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS100/10 would be triggered again
,Recommended,250900,12791050,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,STUCK IN ALABAMA,"After playing Vanilla isaac for more than 100 Hours so do i indeed think that rebitrth takes is to the next level. After my firt hour i got a taste of the new bosses, enemies, trinkets, pills, items and so on. Heres an video of me playing the game for my first time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_AKuzOIXpA&feature=youtu.beI'll rate the game 9/10 for now. But i might change my oppinien. And yes, the game is AWEOSME!!! OGMSG"
,Recommended,250900,17271876,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sterlander,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirthis a remake of the originalBinding of Isaac, andBinding of Isaac: Wrath of the LambIs this remake better than the original, and is it worth buying?TL:DR: if you liked the original game, get this game, as its far superiour. If you enjoy roguelike twinstick shooters, then get this game. It is totally worth your money.This game is one of my most favorite games to this day. It has everything I love: Roguelike, Challenge, Replayability, everything! In  about 4 months, I sinked 250 hours into this game. Although after about 300-350 hours you kinda get burnt out, its still definitely worth a buy in my opinion. If you do get burnt out though, you can always mod the game, or play it diffrently (streak, ect.)But is it better than the original game, the one that started it all? In my opnion, yes, in every way. Better graphics, lighting, and more items. In fact, because of this game, I can no longer recommend the original, becaue this game is better in every way. I've tried to play the original again, but I couldn't. It didn't feel right.Let me tell you the pros and cons in this gem.Pros• So much replayibility, you'll always be coming back to play• A wide selection of characters, all of which have diffrent quirks, making each one a diffrent experience• A lot of things to unlock. If you're a true completionest, this game is deffinetly for you. Be wary, getting every acheivment for this game is not an easy task• Plenty of ways to end / complete the game• Each play session is only 30 minutes long. If thats too long for you, theres a save and quit mechanic, so theres no need to worry• Hundreds of items to unlock and discover, each one giving the player diffrent abilities• Lovely pixelated graphics, along with beautiful ligthing. If you're not one for pixels, theres a filter that makes the game look like the originalCons• This soundtrack is not as good as the one in the original. I'm not saying Ridiclon did a bad job, they did really good at composing the music for this game, but I never found any of the songs catchy. Except for the basement track, I love that• Random FPS drops, or FPS increases (increases make the game go really fast, which makes playing hard). Edmund, please make an FPS cap, i'm begging you• A final challenge (The Lost, a character that dies in one shot) that makes the game un fun. This challenge wouldn't be so bad if he didn't have any acheivements exclusive to him. Unfortuantly, he doesConclusionIf you enjoy games like this, or are interested in the genre and what somewhere to start, you should definetly sink your time and money into this. I promise you won't be dissapointed.If you like this game A LOT (like me) then you should look forward to the upcoming DLC.News on this DLC can be viewedhere10/10 👌👌👌"
,Recommended,250900,24872236,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Aldumod,"Had the game for almost 2 years now, still don't have every item, which either means the game has a lot of items or I'm bad at the game. Evidently, those are both true statements."
,Recommended,250900,29133572,Posted: 8 January,all,I crashed the whip,This Game is Pretty good. One time I became a demon baby that shoots out triangle tears and i had chocolate milk which apparently makes your tears larger and stronger which i did not know. So for now on I will drink more chocolate milk because i want my tears to become stronger and do lots of damage to those that underestimate me. ANYWAYS. I shot out chocolate milk triangle shots and i was flying like i had huge demon wings and I had some mask that looked like they ripped off PAYDAY 2 with them and then i had huge bull horns from those Zodiac Tumblr signs and then I destroyed Isaac who is a less stronger version of me and it only took a couply shots and i had other buddies as well. Like that demon baby that eats hearts and farts out soul hearts. sometimes he doesn't like me and farts out a spider to attack me. this game is pretty good.
,Recommended,250900,13445867,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AxiomExotic,This is my game of the year i mean you can shoot poop with your tears and thats enough for me 10/10
76561198067260407,Recommended,250900,33145300,Posted: 2 July,all,ViralSun,I can cry on decapitated monsters and find my dead cat for a powerup.Must I say any more?
76561198139904940,Recommended,250900,24307992,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MeekMingeMaster,"ive played maybe 10 minutes total , its k,"
,Recommended,250900,23768767,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Puinguin,"Listen im gonna be honest hereI pirate most of my games, this one included but im happy to say this game changed me for thatFor the first time i legit felt bad i wasnt giving this game the recognition it deserved, its amazingive beat the entire game on the pirated verstion but felt for the first time i had to buy ithere i am with 0 hours to my account but i assure you ive spent thousands on this game, its by far the best game ive ever played.never pirating a game again 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,12792791,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,⚜Ruby⚜,"This game is 100% better than the first for starters and i loved the first one this one takes the cake in terms of a challange , Randomness, and just sheer awesomeness it was defiantly worth the wait!!!!10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13527557,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Banana,The best game of 2014
,Recommended,250900,12807606,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,muertos,best rogue-like ever
76561198001236380,Recommended,250900,28652355,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DarinJFry,I've never been as addicted to a game as I am to Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,250900,24079017,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Basti,"Very motivating gameplay with a lot of new and good features, which does not get boring that soon. People, who loved the first game, will adore this one, people, who are new to this kind of genre, should maybe watch some gameplay first."
,Recommended,250900,13371705,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,aerozol,"aerozol: we should chat review another gameaerozol: 3 of 4 people (75%) found this review helpful on our Proteus oneTeratron: haha! keenTeratron: thats awesomeaerozol: yeah the bar's pretty highaerozol: lol my Cave Story reviewaerozol: 1 of 2 people (50%) found this review helpfulaerozol: and only visible to friends > . >aerozol: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sTeratron: hahaTeratron: awwTeratron: thats roughTeratron: can't see who did it either huhaerozol: nahaerozol: to be fair it's not really a review but still!aerozol: How much Rebirth have you played now? Enough to get a good idea of it? Some people seem to prefer the first one and it's a bit :Saerozol: The graphics seem to be pretty divisive, but I love the new ones, way cleanerTeratron: yeah i think so, but i'm a sucker for slightly pixelised artTeratron: plus totally used to it nowaerozol: sameTeratron: and the effects on the backgrounds are mean, especially in the wombTeratron: think i'm 40 something hours?aerozol: Have you noticed the little slide Isaac has at the end of his walk? That's the only criticism I really agree with, it's pretty annoyingTeratron: nooaerozol: Maybe it's so when you run you're less precise or somethingTeratron: like he doesn't stop exactly where you want?Teratron: yeah maybeTeratron: i think that's fairaerozol: if you're moving quickly he has a weird movement I do thinkTeratron: so maybe necessary for balance?Teratron: on the whole it seems easier than the first oneaerozol: more OP items ayeaerozol: but I <3 them...Teratron: yep totallyTeratron: think i beat satan twice on old oneTeratron: now i've beat him with pretty much every characterTeratron:♥♥♥♥♥♥yeah that's the fun part! just ♥♥♥♥ing everything upaerozol: hard outTeratron: and they combine way betteraerozol: yeah, though some synergies are still missing? can't wait for the expansion anyway thoughTeratron: totallyaerozol: Re. difficulty, the new secret character sounds like he'll even it out :oTeratron: is that eden?aerozol: nah don't think so, Eden is cool though, I like the token ideaTeratron: ah yeah thats a cool little thingaerozol: So what's your Rebirth score?aerozol: Not a review unless you give it a numberaerozol: my favourite game ever 6/10Teratron: um i really like it, would recommend. 3/10.I averaged out our scores all mathematical and it's: my would favourite recommend 63/1010"
,Recommended,250900,12806955,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Power-Mad,"It's Binding of Isaac, but even more. Feels like an expansion pack but the general fixes make it worth it like no more lag and new large sized rooms, also coop.The only downside is holy crap this music is bad. It's not grating to listen to but I just finished playing the game 15 minutes ago and I already completely forgot what the music sounded like. Meanwhile I haven't played the original game in months and I still know what it all sounds like. I'm all for new things but this is a flat downgrade in the music department. Nothing memorable or fitting, just bland background music."
,Recommended,250900,29533880,Posted: 27 January,all,AgussArranz,Easy game.
,Recommended,250900,22173857,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Crongey,Get out religious normies REEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,250900,14040288,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,GM'sU | DaLuigi,Poop lives and is happy.10/poop -IGN
,Recommended,250900,12792938,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GhostYy,"Well, Binding of Isaac has been my GOTY for the last few years and I honestly think this is a solid competitor."
,Recommended,250900,33146221,Posted: 2 July,all,Math,One of the best indie game out there. Lots of replay value and challenge.
,Recommended,250900,13099421,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Petey,"I think this might just be my favorite video game of all time at this point. There's just so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to unlock and use. I don't even know what to put in this review. I just really really love this game, dude."
,Recommended,250900,18764950,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Jakob ツ,Bought for so long ago and i still love this game i can't belive how long it has survived
,Recommended,250900,12810031,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Fridgeman,mint
,Recommended,250900,26942586,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,『Gok The Sock』,i died when i ran into poop 10/10  ign
,Recommended,250900,14382248,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CCP115,"This is the best game of 2014. And it only came out in November. (I think.)Seriously, by now veryone should have at least heard of this game. I won;t spoil anything for you, just know, that this game is ♥♥♥♥ed up. But at the same time, it'll make you think.You will rage, you will smile, you will shout, you will laugh.But then, everyone will agree, ♥♥♥♥ you Bloat. ♥♥♥♥ you.Also make sure you pray to RNGesus."
,Recommended,250900,13083529,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Movie,is gud game ya u buy it go now ya gib edd ur mone :yaranaika:
,Recommended,250900,13825749,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Bieberhole the Great,"If you're a fan of roguelikes, then this is the game for you. The controls are tight, the soundtrack is great and the gameplay is amazing. It can be a bit challenging at first but you'll get the hang of it after a while."
,Recommended,250900,17079788,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Dr.Benjo,"So. I got this game for 10 days now. I allread played it for 27.6 hours. And i already got 61 % of the game complete. People are mad, because of my luck. And all that together means: I FREAKIN LOVE THAT GAME!It has so much stuff too unlock! Ghosts! Spiders! POOP! AND MUCH MORE! I , and I played the first game aswell, can say, that this game has a nice difficulty. After a few runs, I already played hardmode, which is nothing in compare too the old Isaac hardmode! But that's alright.So i wanna give an advice too all people. Buy this game. Get addicted. Play till u die."
,Recommended,250900,22321384,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,♥{*Lilu*}♥,"Completley ♥♥♥♥ed up, disturbing, aggrivating and depressing. BUY IT NOW. Just..... Never...... Play.... The.... LOST."
,Recommended,250900,12814558,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,twas,"The original game, The Binding of Isaac, is a wonderful, one-of-a-kind endlessly replayable gem of a roguelite with thousands of different possible run variations. Its fun, challenging, smart, full, charming, and has more than its fair share of secrets.This game is 10 times better than the original.Check it out."
,Recommended,250900,13950068,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,menpe,"rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ohh, Curse room next to me, fckin spiders again -.-rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ohh, Curse room next to me, random Guppy item, reroll, another Guppy item -.-rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ohh, Curse room next to me, troll bomb ARE YOU KIDDING ME?rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ohh, Curse room next to me, Goat Head. Let's start the grind for the last Angel Room item.So basically that was my last 20 hours of gameplay in nutshell. The other 130 went well with only partial mental breakdowns. Per day.But let me tell you something deep. When you reach 111%, you will feel like every other aspect of your life is easy like the blonde girl named Felicity at high school. Btw I'm going to learn Dutch. Can't be more troll bs than this.p.s.: I love this game, made me addict, game of the year 2014 seriously."
,Recommended,250900,13943018,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,cyacyan,"The Binding of Isaac was good, this is ""Holding down R simulator"". luv it 8/8"
,Recommended,250900,12811092,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Pøter (The øter) Kirkløter,"This game is the best remake ever made, I kinda gave up on the original getting bored, Then this lovely game comes out with-All Bugs from original Gone-No More Lag-Big rooms-More bosses, Characters and itemsAll in all, This game is great. 9.3/10"
,Recommended,250900,18899288,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Okaydesuka,"Binding of Awesome.This game, it has always perplexed me. I've watched videos for the longest time, mainly from Hutts and Tear, and I bought the port on the Wii U. The port was low quality, but with the release of Afterbirth, I decided to buy the game and dlc while it was on a discount.With the addition of this dlc, hundreds of hours of gameplay just extended, making the 25$ you will spend on this game well worth it."
,Recommended,250900,12790479,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Graek Tarmikos,"Well... This is basically the first BInding of Isaac with way more content and improved graphics. Aside from that there are no other sigificant changes but i don't think there was a real need for it to be, no need to fix something that isn't broken. Binding of Isaac was a great game, and this one more than doubles it's content.Graphics: Really looks like the first game, but with a little more pixel art aproach and some really beautiful animations that comes with each ending. I like it.Sound: Really good music and general sounds, every track makes you more scared and more determined. I like it.Replayability and Gameplay: This is where the game shines more, it is a high difficult permadeathgame with tons of content. You though binding of isaac had a lot of content? His DLC doubled it. Though his DLC had a lot of content? Rebirth doubles it again. The game has tons of bosses, items, monsters, mini-bosses and even enviroments, every of which is made with extremely high quality and attention to detail. To give you an example of how much content this game have, when you beat the first final boss, you unlock a new enviroment that goes after it, but you have to beat the game again to get there, when you beat this new enviroment NINE times, you unlock two new enviroments after that. There is still many enviroments after that each asking you to beat the whole thing again dozens of times, but i can guarentee you won't have the same experience twice, considering the amount of content the game has. It is extremely addictive, you wiil always want to unlock new characters, bosses, itens and all of that stuff, you even have 20 diferent endings. One of the new aditions this game had was the challenges, which are very fun to complete. A lot of effort was put on this game, and it is fantastic. I like it. A lot.If you like Binding of Isaac: Get this right now, is like finishing your ice cream and getting another two balls on it. Two extremely difficult balls. No, scrap that. Make it 7 balls.If you don't like BInding of Isaac: Stay away, no changes to the core gameplay.If you never played BOF: Worth it, don't even bother trying to play the first one first, go straight ahead to this one."
,Recommended,250900,12790497,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Sparkey6,Got killed by giant scrotums.  10/10 GotY
,Recommended,250900,12791007,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,:D,"IF YOU LIKED THE ORIGINAL VERSION DONT BOTHER WAITING, BUY THIS NOW. ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING - Sloth"
,Recommended,250900,26344402,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,somebody336,"The Binding of Isaac Rebirth is a rouge-lite twin stick shooter set in Isaac’s cellar. After hearing the “voice of god” telling her to sacrifice her child she promptly agrees and grabs a nearby kitchen knife. To Isaac’s luck he has seen the whole thing from the door's keyhole and while searching for a place to hide, finds the cellar. This is where we start the game, armed with nothing but your tears to stave off the unholy creatures inhabiting the place you assumed safe. Why your tears damage the creatures is a mystery but luckily for Isaac he will never stop crying, meaning you have infinite projectile ammo.You will travel across a labyrinth of interconnected rooms, until you find a boss room that allows you to progress deeper into the cellar. What makes this game addicting is that the rooms, items and situations will be randomized each play-through so it keeps the game exciting as well as unpredictable. Scattered thorough the areas are keys, bombs and money. Keys allow you to unlock doors and treasure chests which may contain something very good or something that may spell your doom. Bombs are both a great form to attack clusters of creatures and an essential tool to reaching areas out of your reach or discovering secret rooms. Finally, we have money we can use to buy items from dead babies or simply try our luck with the inexplicable slot machines found throughout.These three items all make a unique ecosystem where each may be necessary to the other such as having all the money in the world but no key to unlock the shop. There are some minor passive items to be found that boost your speed or randomly summons Isaac’s mom to stomp on the battlefield. The most important of items will be locked behind golden doors that contain stuff that can allow you to fly, changes your tears substantially such as changing them to lasers or giving you an ally to help you on your journey to name a few. On top of this Isaac has basic stats such as health, range, luck, damage and a few others that can be increased by items. The search of the loot is a great deal of fun and with so much to be randomized it can quickly become an addiction to keep playing and seeing what insane item combos will happen next time you play.Even the gameplay can change on a whim for better or worse depending on the situation. You usually can only shoot up or down, left or right but some items will allow you to aim your tears giving you the ability to shoot diagonally or making your tears giant but shortens their range by a ton. One has to adapt to a different way of handling situations constantly and with the game's lack of clear descriptions for nearly anything keeps you alert at all times. This same randomness can lead to annoying situations such as dishing out so little damage that it feels like an eternity to take down a boss or a play-through with little resources. There is a steady flow of unlocks such as items, whole new areas or additional characters to play as that keep you motivated throughout.Most characters play mostly the same but have different stats or starting items while a few such as Azazel do change how you play. Every character has their own requirements for unlocking like going through a few floors without picking up hearts (health) and another just by having a ton of money. Each have their own quirks and upsides though Isaac will never become obsolete. The creatures you will find throughout this disturbing trek through your cellar range from living poop to Satan himself. There are a ton of different foes you will have to face and most are really disturbing. Hanged babies, fetuses and monstrous lumps of flesh are all common sight here so definitely not a title for the squeamish. Bosses will be your biggest threats and each one is very different from the other, requiring different strategies to taking it down with as few injuries as possible.That is easier said than done. Everything from the environments to weakest of creatures want you dead. Some room combinations and enemy placement can be quite the hassle to deal with without taking damage and on top of that they may have traps. Once you step in a room the doors will close and lock behind you until either you or they all perish unless you want/need to waste a bomb to blow the door open and escape. If you are lucky the boss room will be on the path you are heading or you will have to once again enter that room which now has the door fully repaired. It is a tough and punishing game that without a doubt strikes a perfect mix of cruelty and reward to keep you coming back.If you want even more challenge you can turn the difficulty up to hard upon starting a game or you can take one of various Challenges that handicap you in a certain way. There are several endings to unlock depending on who was the final boss that appeared for you. Doing certain things can trigger a chance of facing different bosses and like nearly everything else in this title, it will not be explained on what you need to do. Once you lose all hearts it is game over (unless you have certain items) and you will have the choice to instantly restart for another round or quit. Health can normally only be recovered by collecting hearts that may or may not spawn much that play-through so getting hit even infrequently can slowly lead to your downfall.Rebirth is a remake of the original Binding of Isaac so for those wondering what is new to this updated version and if it is worth it, I can quite easily say it definitely is. New foes/items, different artstyle, controller support, 60fps, larger rooms and a new soundtrack will get you hooked once again. There is an option to smooth out the new artstyle to make it look more like it's previous Flash style. The soundtrack can be hit or miss depending on your tastes. While the original had cheerful and catchy tunes to contrast the dark theme, Rebirth has a dark and grim soundtrack to amplify how disturbing it is.There is little story to speak of and the endings are very short & cryptic causing many to interpret different versions of what they might mean. Many claim there is actual meaning to them and there is an overall story but it really isn't the type of game that needs a well told narrative to enjoy. What I can tell you is that it is extremely weird and disturbing. How the developers came up with the insanity found in this game I will never know. Just trying to explain the setting and point of the game to other people will likely have them staying far, far away from you. Yet with its weirdness is born a unique experience that can and will likely addict those who take on the grand task of killing Isaac’s mom. If you ever wanted a game that you can gladly play for the rest of your life, look no further."
,Recommended,250900,13323268,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Mixed the Mouse,"This remake is so good, I can't even make a proper review for it... All I can say is this:Time to complete the checklist once more!"
76561198033852850,Recommended,250900,12790484,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,jgshaw,10-10
,Recommended,250900,19890256,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Axonium,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is everything about what a roguelike should aspire to be: It's the perfect balance of skill, luck, and addictivity. If you love working to unlock more aspects of a game, then this is for you."
76561198258387333,Recommended,250900,34773900,Posted: 6 September,all,ArcheChara,"well recommended rogue game. best of the best, love me some gore"
,Recommended,250900,35194667,Posted: 24 September,all,a boy named Sue,Just impossible
,Recommended,250900,23692620,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Macury,This game is very addicting once you set goals to 100% the game and then try challenges and random builds.
76561198026070262,Recommended,250900,33134666,Posted: 2 July,all,Sylvester Stalline,Very good gaem i recomend very niece
,Recommended,250900,12797746,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Thank god they left the flash engine, this game runs FLAWLESSLY with absolutely no lag! now aside from that, this is the definitive version of BOI,  has everything the previous game + expansion has AND MUCH more!So if you enjoyed the previous game this is a must buy."
,Recommended,250900,12801625,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,killbox,10/10 Coudint have wanted more then this good 60 fps and it never lagsWay better than the Flash version![Get this game Its worth it!]
,Recommended,250900,14527365,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,『　　』,"It is so addictive,even if you got all achievements.Cant....stop...playing!"
,Recommended,250900,13330059,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Vi The Ghost,It's a game. It's ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,250900,12928933,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Andrew,It's ok
,Recommended,250900,12820994,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Pão Charmoso,"General Cons & Pros+New types of Rooms.(Including bigger rooms,Double-Lock rooms,Bedrooms,Black Market and Retro-Treasure Room)+New characters.+New items.+New Enemies+Nerfed some of the original Binding of Isaac's OP items.+More Bosses and End-Game Bosses.+Save System,both floor and room.-No Mouse Shooting.-Unbalanced Rooms.>You will take damage if you don't have flight>In the original Binding of Isaac you could win an 'average' run if you were skilled enough,in this one having good items have much more impact than your skill.-Poorly made Challenges.>Not a bad combination of items,only a non-sense Final Boss,for example,inSuicide Kingyou start withIPECAC,Mr.Mega and My Reflectionand you have to kill Cathedral Boss,Isaac;But inSlow Rollyou start withPolyphemus and Cupid's Arrowand you have to kill Depths II Boss,Mom's Foot.-Lacks Unlocks.>Beating End-Game Bosses (exceptMom's HeartandIsaac,???(Blue Baby),Satan,The Lamb,Boss Rush and Mom's HeartasThe Lost) in Hardmode doesn't unlock anything.>BeatingMega Satandoesn't unlock items.-Seems to have a problem with Steam Cloud.>I play in 2 machines,my Notebook and my PC,and sometimes it takes a while to Steam asks me if i want to Sync with Steam Cloud.Personal Cons-Graphics/Art-Style.>'Pixel-Art' is overused,and I find it very ugly.The original Binding of Isaac's graphic was unique.-Music.>The new music is far from being bad,but I am just too used to the original Binding of Isaac music.Resume(TL;DR)Good game in general.It is better than the original,and this means it suceed as a remake.But it lacks completion in some of the new features.Review from(or last update):11/12/2014"
,Recommended,250900,12793132,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Barcode x_x,BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW DON'T EVEN THINK JUST DO
,Recommended,250900,12854613,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Blind,BUY THIS GAME YOU ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥FACE ITS THE BEST
76561198067045261,Recommended,250900,22490968,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,CHUGFEST 3,swag
,Recommended,250900,12821809,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,brj424,"Where do I even begin?I know! Get this game right now!You get it yet? Yes? Good!The first thing you will notice when you boot up the game is the graphics. The 16-bit art style looks nothing like its predecessor's! Frankly, I love it. It gives the game a nice nostalgic feel to it. If you don't like it, however, you are welcome to switch the style back to the Flash one through the Options. Pretty cool, eh?The next thing you will notice would be the music. Holy Dingle [see game puns]! The music is phenomenal, and really portrays the horrifying emotion that The Binding of Isaac propels.The lore of the game has been greatly expanded upon when compared to its predecessor. There are now 16 or 17 or 18 endings. I honestly don't know the exact number yet. Just know that there are lots.The game runs on a better engine now, giving users the high fps needed in today's day and age.The number of items, rooms, characters, and enemies has increased SUBSTANTIALLY. Seriously. I feel like I'm playing The Binding of Isaac for the first time again.Rebirth also introduces Co-op, meaning you and your buddies can get together and play together. It also utilizes save files and seeds, which, similar to Minecraft, generates levels that you can replay.There's a LOT more content in this game, and at least 500 hours worth of playability. Frankly, I'm not going to cover everything in this review. Just go buy the game."
,Recommended,250900,12792669,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Chiffon,Much itemSo deathSuch momwowMany rogueVery pixelwow
76561198068585770,Recommended,250900,29579416,Posted: 29 January,all,everything is fine,i dont think i played it enough but i like the part were he cries.
,Recommended,250900,12815521,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,BlackFangz,"Immensely Entertaining. Super Addicting. And just very Enjoyable. Yup, that's all I have to say....../ ).....' /---' (_____......... ((__)..... _ ((___)....... -'((__)--.___((_)"
,Recommended,250900,12790139,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mokey Maus,The best game ever!
,Recommended,250900,16547667,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lolicop,Instead of learning history i learned all the item's abilities. best game 9001/10 would brimstone again
,Recommended,250900,14426279,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,(Im a noob) elevator music,"Rebirth is just as addicting as its predecessor, if not more so. I'll keep this review short and sweet, so here are the pros/cons:Pros:- New bosses!- New items!- New challenges!- 4 New Characters!- Save files!- Seeds!- Graphics are gorgeous!- Animations are smooth and streamlined!- Game runs better as a whole!- Baller as hell music! (I especially love the new Mom boss fight track, it really gets your blood racing!)Cons:- Fullscreen is a little weirdly zoomed- I miss the original BOI Soundtrack, as much as I love the new one- I've heard from friends that if you're running Steam Beta it crashes whenever you take a screenshot, I'm not sure if this has been fixed already or not, but I'll say it anyway.If you loved BOI and have gotten bored with/completed the original, then you will LOVE Rebirth.What are you waiting for? It's time to return to the basement..."
76561198066756666,Recommended,250900,26468980,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TheDollAssasin,A amaziing game id reccomend to a friend
,Recommended,250900,35015079,Posted: 16 September,all,chink eyes,this zelda-like game has an insane amount of replayability. items and the different characters add a lot to the game
,Recommended,250900,12868935,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Overly Happy Lesbian,"Lost over 700 hours of my life to the original. Plan on losing over 1,400 to this one. Too addicting 100/1 ~MPP"
76561198253775969,Recommended,250900,25645296,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Marlame,Great.
76561198008306135,Recommended,250900,12799953,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,F4U57,"IIISSAAAAAAC!If you're a fan of the first The Binding of Isaac, then The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is an essential purchase!Recommended!"
,Recommended,250900,18795247,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,IceBear310🔥,"Never in my life have I ever said ""I got cancer"" and meant it.This game makes up for some weird skype calls."
,Recommended,250900,12799622,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Chicken Boy,Beautiful in every way. Unless you don't like pixels.
,Recommended,250900,12798859,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,EmmmE,Look at this game. This game is amazing!
,Recommended,250900,12790398,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SMYRN1A,"10/10Review is updated for awards THE “WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!”I'm so excited to play this game. Rebirth a remake of first game but includes tons of additional things, expand maps etc. First game was like a flash game and  was low frame rate problems. But Rebirth like the console game. I playing at 60 fps my TOSHIBA C55 laptop (4 GB ram 2.5 GB Radeon 8500M). Full controller support awesome with Logitech F710. I'm going to play the game bye!"
,Recommended,250900,12880787,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,aRarekong,Yo so i was playing this game and i found a trap door and i spent my health n stuff for some cool things then i blew up a bum for like 16 coins and yeah. Also there was this golden poop that had a nickel and 4 coins! i felt so rich like i was the bill gates of binding of isaac. oh man im gunna play this again
76561198056526892,Recommended,250900,31515142,Posted: 2 May,all,ｔｅｒｍｉｎａｌ,dude christian mythology lmao
,Recommended,250900,29083352,Posted: 7 January,all,Flipzer,"This game is so addictive!One of the best rogue-likes I have ever played, you need this game in your life.It's perfect for killing 10 minutes before work, but also great for a marathon session!You need to complete the entire game without dying, and damn is it hard. But that is part of the fun, you improve with each run and it's hard to stop playing.9.5/10Buy this game, it has content for 100+ hours and beyond :)"
,Recommended,250900,12791860,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GeraldYagami,This game has more poop than the first.10/10
,Recommended,250900,28356941,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MrBrickfreak,"Absolutely great sequel or remake that is filled up with a lot of content, but there is a problem for me, that I think that this game is not right. I mean the feeling of gameplay and other things like speed or style. Maybe problem is in graphics? Or it's just because I see the first game as the ideal game? Maybe it's just me, or somebody else got that problem too?"
,Recommended,250900,12909824,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DrKojak,I swallowed a pill and♥♥♥♥♥♥a barrage of bombs and survived by the hair on my teeth and also killing satan.my hands were sweaty and shakey and then i started another run.
,Recommended,250900,12792178,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,pango,"The new graphics are worse in my opinion and the new music is tons worse than the old music but the new engine is much better. Anyway this is still Binding of Isaac and it has new stuff in it like scrolling rooms and runs a lot better than the old version so you should buy it.Cons:1. The flash animations before each level and in the intro (the black and white line art stuff) seems to have been just downsampled to extreme blockiness and then had very primitive anti-aliasing done to it which makes it look absolutely dreadful compared to the original. Seriously, go back and watch the animations in the first game, you will weep at how much better they used to be.2. I think I read that the new in-game graphics were genuinally pixelart drawn rather than being converted and it's true they don't look bad like the animations but still, if you go back and play the original it's so much cleaner and more lovely looking and you can see what's going on! The new game is much darker.3. Just little touches like when you exit the old game it says ""Do you really want me to die?"" and the spotlight that shines on you when you die are now gone.4. You can't use the mouse in the game menus5. You can't pick a resolution6. The menus, like the line art animations look absolutely awful7. The music is bland and generic now. The old music was much better and had real character8. The sound effects are in some places worse tooPros!1. The game runs more smoothly. Flash is a heap of rubbish and was holding the old game back, it's true.2. There's more content like scrolling rooms and lots of other new stuffSo I do recommend the game but there is an awful lot that they have made worse than the original."
76561198042890140,Recommended,250900,13094276,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SFF,"This is easily one of the best remakes I've ever played in my life.  Ed pretty took everything I loved about BoI, made them better, took out all the stuff I didn't like, and added a TON of new, awesome content.The graphics are extremely better, the music is somewhat better, the new items, characters, enemies and bosses are well designed and fun to see and play/fight, and all in all, it is just plain FUN.If you consider yourself a Binding of Isaac fan, you owe it to yourself to get this definitive version of one of the best indie and action-roguelike games on Steam."
76561198065814020,Recommended,250900,12811612,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,T̕h̨e͡ ̡D̕in̕k̡şt̀e̴r,Frogman is pleased
,Recommended,250900,12793776,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,NOTAMANINAHAT,"A game where you play as Isaac, a naked boy who goes on murderous rampage in his basement. You kill your mum, climb into her womb, kill the devil. What else can you ask for?10/10"
76561198069113247,Recommended,250900,22452674,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Armesi,This game is a documentation of my everyday life in my mom's basement.
,Recommended,250900,12820296,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hateful Cat,I can quit whenever i want...
,Recommended,250900,19595353,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Ghuajn,i used to have a life10/10
,Recommended,250900,23350847,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Spray4Taks,"One of the best Game's ive ever played. You'll get never bored cause no Run is the same, there are freakin OP seeds out there. Well, 10/10 Game. Top."
,Recommended,250900,26464876,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Den,"You're in for a bad time, for a good time.You'll be shedding tears of joy once you get 1001%, though.If that happens, that is.Oh wait, I meant 1000000%"
76561198057288765,Recommended,250900,29533906,Posted: 27 January,all,Lil' Diddle,is gud
,Recommended,250900,12793643,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Punished Luidy,Best christian game...
,Recommended,250900,12868335,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Duggpression,I just had a baby attached to me while I killed satan with my tears. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12790008,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ethyls,"The Binding of Isaac : Rebirth is, bar none, the best game ever.Throw your money at McMillen, he deserves it.I'll be back to update this review once I'm done with the game. It should take a decade or so."
,Recommended,250900,12806079,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Elghoulirish,Cancer saved my life
,Recommended,250900,12828644,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Gorloss,I killed living ♥♥♥♥♥ inside my own mother. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12790215,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Viperr101,"If you need reasons to buy this game, it's probably not for you.kek"
,Recommended,250900,12856438,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,EnTwo,#1 game 2014
76561198048678463,Recommended,250900,24608125,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,bwbburke,Finally a game that combines my two favorite hobbies: crying and pooping.
,Recommended,250900,27877452,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Smoosh,so great too good i play too much 10/10
76561198024487561,Recommended,250900,18313570,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Zyph Skerry,"Before I played this game for myself, I thought it was dumb. I thought it was nothing but shock and gross-out ""horror"", made purely so pre-teens can giggle over how ""edgy"" and ""rebellious"" they are (or whatever words kids use to boast these days). Then I got it on sale one bored evening, figuring that if nothing else I'll at least have proof and justification of my opinion.My hours speak for themselves as to how that went, but I'll get into it anyway.If the style or ""story"" puts you off the way it did me, then fear not. For the latter, as the scare-quotes say, the """"story"""" doesn't really exist. It is nothing. Don't sweat over it. The style, however, is a bit try-hard, with most enemies exploding into intestines and bones... upon being killed BY TEARS. So, yes, you may giggle, and feel justified in doing so, as long as it's not for the reasons layed out above.The gameplay, then, becomes everything that makes this game worthwhile, and it is as solid as the Universe is old!Laugh. There's your requisite religion joke in a BoI review.Anyway, from game one the controls and mechanics make you feel every mistake is yours. There is no cheap enemy. There is no such thing as an undodgable attack. There... IS one instant kill, but even that is your fault, as it can only by initiated by you on yourself. This kind of attention to gameplay is, obviously, important, but I believe it's especially important in a rogue-like, where there are no extra-lives, checkpoints, or really any kind of safety net within a single run.The entertainment value is enormous. The variety of characters, enemies, items, upgrades, and rooms makes for many weeks worth of unique gameplay. No matter how many times you see a room, for example, the items and upgrades you have collected so far can and will drastically change your strategy in approaching that room, and the variety of rooms themselves means that, once them and the items well enough, the list of rooms you hope and dread to get can change position--there is no room I know of that cannot be made significantly easier or harder depending on items. Then there are just the upgrades to consider alone, as there various interactions may be desired or feared, so the upgrades you got before determine the upgrades you hope to get later--there are few items that I would pick up in EVERY situation. All of this creates a very dynamic game.The action isn't bad, either. In all rooms without enemies, you're given all the time you want to deside whether you want to, say, use your last key on the chest that just appeared, but you can also approach the game as fast as you want. Running from room-to-room, there doesn't have to be any down time, unless you go the wrong way on an XL floor. Enemies are greatly varied, as well; There are no ""just a palette-swap with stronger attacks"", even though some enemies might at first appear so, their change in behavior should be a quick give-away.Spiting it's exterior, this game is more engrossing than just gross."
,Recommended,250900,24003933,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bacon Zorp,"Please help me. I've recently aquired a new computer and this game was one of the first things I booted up on the thing. Ever since then, my life consisted entirely of one word: Isaac. I have been playing this game non-stop. Every time I saw the computer, I've dropped everything I was doing to play this game. I recommend this game, but only if you're willing to give up your entire life. All of it."
,Recommended,250900,16861487,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,seesawb,This game is hard. I suck at it. 7/10
76561198042220745,Recommended,250900,13233802,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Sickish,Turn spiders that lurk in a womb into poop10/10
,Recommended,250900,15695956,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lixks,"blew &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; up for items and wins, honestly, 9/10, if i wasn't such a ♥♥♥♥♥ and so bad at the game I would give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,250900,14522131,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Yeebo,"Binding of Isaac: RebirthEdmund McMillen, 2014McMillen's remake of an instant classic.Builds on what the Flash Version couldn't handle.Too bad it isn't humble to the original."
,Recommended,250900,14106798,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Officer Nasty,If you have 15 dollars then there is no reason not to own this game. If you are looking for hours and hours of fun and a little  rage then this is the game for you.
76561197972392060,Recommended,250900,30339731,Posted: 5 March,all,Muppet,"Meh, it's ok but I bet I'll get bored of it after a few hours..."
76561197979212810,Recommended,250900,19225778,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Foo,Insane!
76561198151587069,Recommended,250900,30621166,Posted: 19 March,all,nekadnow,All you have to do is look at the time played in the comments section. It is difficult to describe just how good and replayable it is.
76561198154685890,Recommended,250900,19227401,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,swaggysauce,awesome indie game
,Recommended,250900,19177742,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Zarge,"Together with Afterbirth, it gives hundreds of hours of gametime."
76561198045383029,Recommended,250900,19199754,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,zkrausman,Is good.
76561198253052568,Recommended,250900,19197392,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,❤ Tac0Butt ❤,Did you like the old legend of zelda where you fought enimes in caves and♥♥♥♥♥♥GET THIS GAME ITS THAT PART OF THE OLD ZELDA GAMES PUSHED INTO ONE GAME!!!!
76561198045791479,Recommended,250900,16282093,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,chicken nugget scoon,is this like the bible
,Recommended,250900,17233252,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ChaosCreeper,"This game is so strangely addicting! It's cast, huge item pool, and large amount of enemies and bosses make each time you play it a new experience. I just love coming back to whatever crazy combination it wants to dish out at me and how I can set myself up to dish it right back"
,Recommended,250900,19165278,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,OMGWhatTheFox,I can't emphasize how much I LOVE this game. It's amazing how much fun it can be because every game is different. Afterbirth is definitely worth the cost. Great work Edmund!
76561198143192316,Recommended,250900,14703369,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Chef,"great game, lots of fun. would recommend"
76561198157589614,Recommended,250900,17917496,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SWAGRID,♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING
76561198136629370,Recommended,250900,15200649,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gerald,Good game
,Recommended,250900,12798191,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,stevowitz,"this game, is everything I wanted it to be! after so long playing the original over and over and even to this day there's always that one run that throws you for a loop. Rebirth has all that and so much more! it also runs really fast on my old laptop with the ""filter"" graphics option turne off :) all and all this is the best remake I've ever played and I already know it's going to get MANY MANY hrs of gameplay."
76561198060913865,Recommended,250900,12822144,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Foomdist The Brofister,"If you like a fun game that can keep you addicted for countless hours then you have to play this game.This game is an amazing remake of the the old Binding of Isaac with an insane amount of new enemies, items and a great artsyle (if you do not like the pixelated style you can turn it off in the options.)I also love all the new things they have added like the co-op and the challenge mode, more characters, new bosses and all the different kinds of poop like golden poop, regenerating poop and even rainbow poop!Overall I can't find anything wrong in this game, its a super fun and addictive game with tons of hours waiting to be spend on playing.10/10"
76561198144193509,Recommended,250900,30138454,Posted: 24 February,all,you will never know,good
76561198129011616,Recommended,250900,14494420,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,josephdentano,The Binding of Isaac 2: 2 Many Poop Jokes
,Recommended,250900,13463917,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,swenks,oi m8 this game is gr8 r8 it 8/8
76561198116215142,Recommended,250900,12884230,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,GreetYourDemise,10/10 would kill my mom again
76561198115065032,Recommended,250900,12895451,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,JoJoJet,"Very fun and well made game. Although a bit of warning, if you are easily frustrated by difficult games, I advise you not to buy this game, as I and many others agree that this is an extremely difficult game.The gameplay is pretty simple, It's a top-down 2D rougelike (as in everything is randomly generated, and if you die you start over from the beginning). You are a naked (no nudity) child who is wandering through caves and fighting monsters, and you fight monsters by shooting tears at them. There are hundreds of items that will modify the player's appearance, and will do a lot of interesting things which change up the game a lot, but I wont mention them as to avoid spoilers.I would give this game a 8/10 for good story, amazing gameplay, and good graphics."
76561198121136277,Recommended,250900,16874863,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,TheFlammableFox,10/10 would waste more days of my life
76561198059033251,Recommended,250900,18301677,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Yaroslav234,"Between graphics, variety, and addicative nature its and awsome game. You can play it over and over and still discover new things with every turn; whether its a new room or a new item there are endless possibilities.  In my opinion a must have."
,Recommended,250900,18278747,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Zet,"How have I not written a recommendation yet?Rebirth is a remake plus add on of the original flash Isaac. Better in practically any regard. Just the music is, in my opinion, a tiny bit inferior, but still great. But there's no point in pointing out, why Rebirth is great, you certainly have read all of the reasons somewhere already.Very highly Recommended."
,Recommended,250900,18256097,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Malondee,"I'd like to start this review by saying that I have played more than 14 hours of The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. The thing is, Steam doesn't count offline hours. I probably have around 100 hours in total.TLDR: The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a brilliant game, if you didn't already know this.There are lots of pros, and very little cons to the game. This game will probably give you more hours of fun then most AAA games of a much higher price, because there is so much replayability to it. I'd highly suggest this to any person who has a spare $15 to spend, or someone who has a computer that can't run many games well, as this should run just fine on most systems.Pros:- Replayability. This game has so many possibilities, because it is rendomly generated. As well as this, you have to play through the game multiple times to get to the final boss (At least 21, if you are super-ultra good at the game and remembering calculations to do on the fly). For the more average person, it will take 32-34 completed runs to unlock the parts needed to get to the final boss. This isn't even including unlocking every single item in the game and becoming ""The Real Platinum God"". Also consider that these are fully completed runs, which means going as far as you can before the run ends. So if you consider a completed run to take about 40 minutes, then to unlock every single item in the game, it will take you 1,720 minutes (or 28.667 hours), PLUS all your failed attempts, of which there will be many. This is also assuming that you start and immediatley play on Hard mode. It'll take longer if you don't. Not only this, Afterbirth DLC is on the way, which will give you at least another 2 hours in a perfect world, and possibly more if they release more stuff than the current leaked stuff we know. These calculations are also assuming that you spread all of your runs in the most optimal way, which probably won't happen. I believe I've made my point here, there's a lot of stuff!- Art style. This game looks very good, especially compared to vanilla Isaac. But, it is simple enough to be able to run on most computers just fine. I run it on my poor quality school laptop, and it runs just fine (with occasional framerate drops in some areas depending on what I am running in the background). This reminds me of Nintendo. It's the right balance between quality and performance that makes it run on low-spec systems, and still hold up as a good looking game.- Difficulty. While probably not well-balanced between hard more and normal mode, this game is still incredibly tricky until you get used to it, which can take a while. I still suck and I have put far too many Science lessons into this game. I do suggest starting in Hard mode, as it doesn't make too much of a difference and allows you to unlock items that you wouldn't otherwise unlock if you weren't on Hard mode. Balance changes should me made either in the upcoming Afterbirth DLC or in a later expansion/game, which makes Hard mode more difficult. At the moment it just increases the amount of Champions, which just makes the game more tedious instead of nessecarily being harder. But, the overall difficulty is still a very good feature about this game, if you don't like games that hold your hand like an overprotective caretaker.- Synergies! My favourite part of the game, as expressed by the exclamation point. This game has amazing synergy with items, some of which you'd never understand. You want a controllable laser ring of death? You can do that. You want to create so much splash damage that it essentially kills whole rooms at once? Yeah, that's possible. You want to be able to walk into a room, stand still, grab a drink, and by the time you come back everything is dead without you doing anything or taking any damage? Easy. You learn a new amazing combo every day in this game. It's amazing, and certainly makes it more playable after completing the whole game, as you will encounter things you never thought would work before.Cons:- It's a little bit of a Wiki game, as I like to call it. You'll get a new item and it will have some really odd message that doesn't blatantly describe what it does. You don't know whether it is a good item or not. This can be taken in a couple of ways: 1) It's an adventure! I'll find out when it matters, Or 2) I have no clue what this is doing, please save me Google Overlords. One of my examples is when I got a trinket called The Left Hand. The describing text of it was: ""The Left Hand path reaps dark rewards."" I had no clue what it meant, and I didn't notice what it did, until my friend told em that it changes the chests to other chests. This is one of those games where the wiki can be your best friend.That's the only con I could think of. Seriously, this game is good and you need it."
,Recommended,250900,18141187,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,RSD-Rez,"This game, is (imo) a extremely good game, with lots of replay.Audio: The music in this game fits the overall theme of the game. The music is both epic, and is a soundtrack I am glad to own.Video: The quality has greatly improved on rebirth. I mean go back to wotl, and it will be noticable. The visuals, the detail, it all fits perfectly. I am anxious for the release of afterbirth, with all the new changes to this game, it is gonna make it more fun.Seed uniqueness: At times the seeds can get repetitive, I can get the same build almost everytime.This of course is just the item seeding, the floor seeding and the other random drops (keys, bombs, etc.) are all random. I never can predict those.Final Thoughts: I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for replay value. This will definitely keep you coming back. Whether or not it's for real platinum god (you achievement hunters), or trying to get the most epic build, or speedrun, or anything else. You can count on this game."
76561198096085593,Recommended,250900,14719653,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,felipe2233,great game the creaters of this game and super meat boy are awsome this game does make me rage at times and make me not want to play it but then i sleep on it and i wake up in the morening craveing more azazel is the best character so far in this game i encurage the crators to keep making games like this they are awsome and to the creators of the game i love your work you have don so much good work over the years smb was awsome all of your games was awsome and i loovvee the fact that you managed to combined all your games and more in to one game and finish it off with a f'ed up story a new character exetera all of you games are awsome keep up the good work on the other fact i dont like that fact that when your in a hard run that some times it skips some room and to the crators of the game again i can not wait till you make your new dlc make it a good one just like the one you made for boi 1 thank you for the endless amounts of game play you are awsome thanks for the great games bye.:)
,Recommended,250900,16737104,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LeSupaPoney,Buy it.
76561198062721360,Recommended,250900,18138370,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,SparkZ,Feels and plays as a top down dungeon crawler
76561198059489614,Recommended,250900,13618908,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Wisely,"This game took a fantastic game and made it even better. I honestly have no complaints. I have thrown hours into this game to unlock my fav characters, certain bosses and the best items. I cannot make this clear enough. This game, is a masterpiece and can easily be picked up by veterans to the binding of isaac series or by new players. 10/10. Buy. This. Game."
76561198033614909,Recommended,250900,18154928,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,FAt Scout,guarantee 100 hours out of this game.
,Recommended,250900,15230376,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Doosyno,"If you don't own this game, we can't be friends. There is no explanation, just buy it and play it."
,Recommended,250900,27055337,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vortical Gelatinous Precipitate,"If you are looking for a rogue-like game to play, this game would be my first suggestion! It is a top-down, 2D bullet hell with minimislistic controls. Don't take the graphics as a sign for the gameplay though, this game will plough you harder than a farmer and you will love every minute of it! So many great reviews have already covered every detail of why this game is good but for me it stands out because every playthrough has the potential to feel so different due to the items. In other roguelikes I've seen, items just seem to give you more speed/damage/health with very little actually changing how you play. In Binding of Isaac however, you will have playthroughs where you shoot tears, playthroughs where you get lazers which penetrate a whole line of the screen, playthroughs where you shoot bombs out of eyes and have to bear yourself in mind, playthroughs where hordes of babies and/or spiders do most of the fighting for you as well playthroughs where you roleplay Magneto with your tears and so so so many more! If you love challenging rogue-like games and don't mind the retro graphics (I usually do but this game really does make up for what it lacks in visuals) you will not regret buying this!"
,Recommended,250900,12798209,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Iyiyiy9,"First of all,  I've only spent like an hour and a half playing, so don't expect an in depth analysis of every little detail I'm just mainly listing a few pros, cons and inbetweens.Pros:-Better animation-smoother-sound quality-new items-new charecters/enemies/bosses-More detailsinbetweens:Graphics: I prefer this more 16-bit style, but others will prefer the original style.Music: I prefer the newer music as I think it fits the game better, again others will prefer the originalCons:-BS Damage: The animation in between rooms is like 10 times faster, so I often find myself walking into spikes that are way too close to the entrance, and if i take my hand off the movement keys the enemies are already on the character faster than you can say ""Holy floppity walrus, batman!""-hit detection: The hit detection on enimies and tears is fine, but sometimes I'll have to make issac go over an item like 15 times for him to pick it up.-The charecters (to me at least) seem to get more powerful faster, but this may be different on the new hard mode.Overall the game is good if you were a fan of the original, and my main problems are just a few minor details that annoy me."
,Recommended,250900,13191232,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Cao,"This is the best game of 2014. There are hundreds of hours of entertainment here. Even after spending over 200 hours in Wrath of the Lamb, I can see myself playing Rebirth for hundreds more. There are just too many positive improvements over WotL to mention. All of the new items and synergies make everything new and refreshing.  The challenge ramps up as you learn the game, so there's always something new to do. This game is massively addicting!"
76561198012009462,Recommended,250900,13655169,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Buddhist Bale,totally worth it especially if you liked the original. tons of new stuff including new characters and mechanics and now when you kill things guts fly across the screen and decorate the room!
76561198090955013,Recommended,250900,27340470,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LazyMattman,Its good its very good you get to cry so thats good its me irl
76561198061419361,Recommended,250900,17176342,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ShinigamiBone,10/10 cant get enough of this game endless hours of fun if you like a top down isometrice rogue-like bullet hell then this is the best of its kind i have yet to see one better please tell me there will be another one or DLC coming pls :)
76561198069616481,Recommended,250900,20987025,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,21YearsAVirgin,I died a lot 10/10
76561198014650479,Recommended,250900,16859063,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Norb,Great game with tons of unlockables. Tough to get started since the difficulty curve is rather steep but eventually it hooks you. Vast improvement on the original Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,250900,12872260,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ArtisticSuz,Love the game after we got it working from the beta patch! The Co-op is very fun! My friend and I love playing it!
76561198043315618,Recommended,250900,13170711,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bongespob,"It's super hard, and super fun."
,Recommended,250900,13896987,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Anti-UberForce,Yes got it recently and it hours and hours of fun if you unlock everything you can still have so much more fun!Highly Recommend this game
,Recommended,250900,12823746,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,sambaker743,"It's basically the same game, but with an engine that isn't complete♥♥♥♥♥(thanks adobe for thewonderfulthing called FLASH). Smooth 60fps that runs great, 2x more items, more monsters, better presentation, better visuals, actual controller support (I like to use my Gamecube controller), more room types, etc. it's just a great remake.If you don't know about Isaac, it's a great little Rougelike/Bullet Hell Shooter with a charming/disgesting asthetic surrounding it with christian themes. It's a wonderful, charming,weirdgame."
,Recommended,250900,19232586,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,T-Mac,This game made me kill my mother and alot of werid stuff...911/10 would play again.
,Recommended,250900,13295050,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TheBaldGuy,The epicness is real !!
,Recommended,250900,12796674,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,☯Fey Yoshida☯,"Great game. the blackness really catches the delay. I wonder if there's more to it than just a blank♥♥♥♥♥screen... even though it's ""totaly"" released... still... great game."
,Recommended,250900,12920014,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dan,"A remake well worth purchasing, with loads of polish and pretty new things. It's still the Isaac we know and love, but now prettier and chock full with more content."
,Recommended,250900,13012429,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,timecop,flash game
,Recommended,250900,28573539,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Witowote,Replay value
,Recommended,250900,28573564,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zenithrium,"the crappiest game i playedand i loved the whole thing(by crappy, i mean full of poop)This game is amazing - and it has a great community that comes with it. There's a *crap*ton of mods, such as antibirth, an amazing addition that took two years to make, including an offical dlc, Afterbirth, adding another 10452023490 hours of playtime. I haven't beat it yet, but I'm getting close...until afterbirth + :L"
,Recommended,250900,19385148,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,bubbaste,More addictive than Crack.. more fun than Crack... Cheaper than Crack.. whats not to like?
,Recommended,250900,28945434,Posted: 2 January,all,God King Gary,One of the most ♥♥♥♥ed up games I've ever played.10/10
76561198044276863,Recommended,250900,27744827,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sloth Express,"Still as good as when I first bought it. It's that type of game that's so good most of my friends have it, like left 4 dead 2. It's super easy getting your money's worth playing this game. It has a really nice and moderately sized community. I feel it's worth to note that I have almost the same amount of hours in this game as I had in the original. 10/10 would buy 10 more times."
,Recommended,250900,13224452,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Lawrence308,Free Hat 11/10
,Recommended,250900,13239014,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Rooski,"The Good:-Simple controls (if you played the first Binding of Isaac you may or may not already be a veteran).-Nice sound and graphical update, even if it's only slight.-About 90% of the lag from the original has been fixed.-Save files! Having a good run but you don't have time to keep playing? When you exit the game and come back there's now a continue option that let's you pick up where you left off.-Upredictable nature keeps the game exciting and fresh every time you play.The Bad:-Occasionally rage-quitting because*:A.) you'll have playthroughs where you encounter no useful items or power-ups.B.) you'll get really far in the game only to stumble into a room or boss that decimates you.*More or less my only qualm(s) with the first game.Verdict: 9.5/10. I personally got this on sale, but for everything you get the asking price of $15 doesn't feel like a lot."
,Recommended,250900,12819909,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,A Dapper Spider,"The atmosphere is so different from the first, and with all of the new items and enemies it feels a lot more like the old zelda games it once claimed to allude to."
,Recommended,250900,24137402,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jay X,"Okay, so looking at my review, you can see I haven't clocked in 100+ hours on this game, but I've unlocked everything and poured in a good few dozen extra hours on the plane and other places where I can't connect to log said extra hours. I think I've experience most of what this game has to offer and let me just say, that this is a super solid, bang for your buck kind of game. Allow me to put forward some more evidence:Exhibit A) Brief OverviewFor those of you that don't know, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a randomly generated, roguelike dungeon crawler, with minimal story but effectively unlimited replay value. The gist is this: you fight your way through rooms of randomly generated enemies, picking up randomly generated items along the way. Okay, so RNG is super heavy in a successful run, but the game does have a fairly high skill ceiling due to in part being a twin-stick/bullet hell game, and the player is given some control over his ""build"" with items that allow you reroll your given items and an in game store with a ""donation machine"" to store currency that persists throughout the various runs and replays.Exhibit B) Difficulty & GameplayThis game is pretty difficult to get into, and if my experience at the start of the game is anything to go by (I'm not great, all things considered) but, you'll probably die quite a lot before you can beat any of the final bosses. Oh right, almost forgot. There are branching levels that are unlocked through every playthrough, each level with their own unique enemy and boss design. These things range from small flies to giant fleshy heads and sentient fecal matter. This is a game that doesn't take itself too seriously with it's design, but is more of a morbid, arcadey comedy feel to it, if you couldn't already tell. The difficulty increases somewhat with these more levels added the more times you complete it, but with more items added as you progress, your character does get some more firepower with which to fight back. Though a minor gripe of mine is that not all items are available at the beginning for stronger starts, it's that sort of ""power creep"" that is the main progression system that incentivises the player to keep playing. That, and the fact that pretty much the only thing standing between you and a successful run is one specific item in a HUGE item pool is a rush of adrenaline I've never quite experienced the same way in any other game, and though it is frustrating when a strong start fizzles away because you didn't get that item you really needed, the same can be said for the burst of exhiliration when you find a gamesaving item in the middle of a doomed start. What can I say, I'm a sucker for RNG!Exhibit C) Aesthetic and Sound DesignFeaturing a completely different art style from the original Binding Of Isaac, Rebirth has a very nice, retro-but-not-quite art style that runs well on pretty much any system - and believe me, I know, I use a toaster! The art direction is clear, simple and dedicated to the themes that the previous had laid down and clarity of gameplay is the priority over snazzy graphics. The soundtrack is, well, pretty stellar and to be expected from the Indie masterminds behind other great OSTs in Super Meat Boy.Well, I've pretty much run out of time (and patience) to be sitting here fawning over how solid of a package this is, and am probably gonna jump back into it again. For those of you that literally cannot be bothered to read this wall of white pixels, I'll add in a little TL;DRTL;DRPros:+Great Replay Value, daily runs, every run is unique+Great art direction, soundtrack, atmosphere+Unique, varied bosses and enemies, not simple reskins+SO. MANY. ITEMS.Cons:-Progression may take too long, or may be too difficult-Some items objectively better than others- leads to outstandingly poor runsMixed±High skill ceiling & RNG - good gets better, bad gets worse"
76561197970261510,Recommended,250900,24791790,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,bdon003,After 300+ hrs I can say it's worth the $20
76561198076770979,Recommended,250900,24831766,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The King Lolrus,This game is very fun and has so many hours of play time. There is so many different routes to go and challenges to complete and characters to earn and items to grab in every run you play. The art syle is very interesting and everything in this game just flows together and happens to be one of my favorite games of all time and the add-ons that they have come out with further the excitement and adventure and randomness of this wonderfully dark world.
76561198066224214,Recommended,250900,16230109,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Akame,"take binding of issac, change graphics, add a few items. boom. brilliant."
76561198059837793,Recommended,250900,19278356,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Add my other profile! :),good game :)
,Recommended,250900,12792561,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DingdongJR,"Ever since the months that followed the release of the Binding Of Isaac: Wrath of the lamb, we have been waiting for the day that Edmund McMillenn would deliver a successor to the game that  made us cry in frustration.That day, my friends, has arrived.Say goodbye to Flash as Isaac is quite literally reborn into the new game engine, providing indepth visuals, awesome animations and a silky smooth platform to play on. With the restrictions that Flash put on the game now gone, there is masses more content that will keep even the most devoted Binding of Isaac player (such as myself) busy.The original Binding Of Isaac was a rough Diamond, it was good, but had its flaws. Rebirth on the other hand is a flawless diamond thats been set into a golden crown, a crown that makes it the king of Rogue-like games."
,Recommended,250900,20730930,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Weebi,One of my all time favorite roguelikes. Infinite replay value
,Recommended,250900,12793107,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Pixel Burn,"I rage quit on my first death; will quit again10/10!UPD on 11/24/16!Few years later, still keep on dying in the basement"
,Recommended,250900,19994155,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jraven,The simplest pile of beauty you will ever experience.
,Recommended,250900,12793200,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Rak,Probably the most hours of fun gameplay available in any game.
,Recommended,250900,13092768,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Goldhelm the Spice Lord,HELP ME! I can't stop
76561198171135383,Recommended,250900,22968771,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ground Control,"A viciously addictive video game. 'The Binding of Isaac' pulls you in with fun arcade controls and very imaginative art style,then it spits you out, leaving you with an addiction that can only be compared to Heroin.The Binding of Isaac is a randomly generated assortment of dungeons, caves and...wombs, the simplistic art design of the maps are brought to life by the grotesquely deformed enemies, who are relentless as in one single strike from a floating head or a torso spurting droplets of blood will remove a half of one of the three lives Issac begins with.Albeit the player can counter this by collecting health pickups dropped by defeated foes, rocks, barrels or feaces... similarly the player can collect 'trinkets, rewards and additions that *MIGHT* have the ability of increasing Isaac's overall health.As a disclaimer, not all pickups are postive, the player must decide if what is in front of him, is worth picking up. Binding of Isaac is never 'unfair' the player has complete freedom in choosing.In conclusion, before purchasing this game, sign up for a rehab clinic, you will need it."
,Recommended,250900,19539900,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Freyed,"This game is weird, fun, and worth every penny."
,Recommended,250900,13754707,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,| \ |,"A very well known indie roguelike. The game is difficult and you will most likely need a guide to find out what the items do, although some might be self-explanatory. Very fun game to play even if you have a little bit of time, which brings me into the next topic. The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the sequel to the original Binding of Isaac. It features a complete engine for the game, a different visual style, more enemies, more effects, the option to save your game, more items, and lastly, more possibilities. Since it is no longer a flash game it runs very nicely and smoothly. If I had to recommend this game or the first I would recommend this one as it improves over the first in almost every way, although the soundtrack is composed by a different person so it is not the same. A huge deal to me was the save game feature, it makes the game so much more enjoyable and it even has three save slots to choose from, so if you want to play a quick run but you have to go you can save it and not have to reset. Easily a massive improvement on the first game.8/10"
,Recommended,250900,13485894,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Goldwynn,"One of the best bang for your bucks on Steam. Easy to learn, difficult to master. Watch on Twitch to get better from the best like CobaltStreak, RichardHammer, NorthernLion, Slackaholicus and many others!"
76561198126798525,Recommended,250900,19723482,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Space,If you like smashing your skull into the keyboard. This game is defiently for you.
,Recommended,250900,14770803,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Garrison,Fun
,Recommended,250900,12817647,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,garbage,"it issac but better really. but i would have to say that the sound effects are a bit weak and the music, altough good, isnt all that memorable."
76561198136349813,Recommended,250900,14347778,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,MLG.Va,10/10Would buy again.
76561198112929203,Recommended,250900,26805813,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dumb Sheep,Played countless hours of this game and it's still fun
,Recommended,250900,17148447,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Kerbewm,"i really do love this game... and if almost 500 hours does not say it, then i have no idea what would"
,Recommended,250900,14376921,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Speedy Boi,Amazing :P have 50+ hours and still not close to finishing!
,Recommended,250900,29521196,Posted: 27 January,all,Goonsack Steve,"One of my all time favourites for a few reasons; The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth offers constant replayablity, great DLC, mod support as of the recent update AND expands upon the original with flying colours. With 500+ hours spent playing this game, I can say I am more then just a fan of this title!However, newer players are personally recommended to stick to the base game, and buy each individual game upon reaching certain skill levels, as the newer DLC offeres harder enemies, challanges and a more veteran style game. Despite pthis however, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, along with its two DLC's are definately worth the cheap asking price!"
,Recommended,250900,29592670,Posted: 30 January,all,Isleofcats,So far 1400 hours in and this is my absolute go-to game. Great items and synergies.
,Recommended,250900,13323826,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,a scrub,"Wow.This game needs a LOT of balancing, especially on the bosses.I just had a great Maggie run going until I came up on the Bloat.Three times in a row, he did the same attack, where he covered the entire floor with creep.Not half the room, not three fourths of the room.The entire damn room.Without flight or the callous trinket, this boss is inescapable damage.Inescapable damage equals bad boss design.Several other bosses have been tough to avoid damage, such as the Maw's flame attacks, but this was the first one where I could not do anything to escape the attackI literally had to sit there and wait to die, since I could not stand anywhere safe.I think this game is a wonderful recreation of the original, but these small flaws just make it painful to play.In summary.  7.8/10   Too much water."
,Recommended,250900,28547415,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GRUM<3,this game is great if you just wanna have some simple fun but also wants to be challenged in your skill 10/10
,Recommended,250900,14833039,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Raviioli,"With The Binding of Isaac I would only play a little bit, very casually. I never beat Mom and I never knew what anything was. With Rebirth I find myself much more invested and interested. I love the music, the randomness, the crazy powers, the enemies..its just really damn good. The only problem I have is with attempting to describe the game to friends. ""Well you're a naked child and you cry tears that shoot out and kill the evil spiders and babies and poops and stuff...but its totally random and you get all these powers and you kill your Mom!"" 10/10"
76561198091842402,Recommended,250900,28010552,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cimp,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a fantastic game with lots of content. It has everything the original game had and more.If you enjoy loads of RNG both good and bad combined with a really well put together Zeldaesque dungeon crawling style, then this is the game for you. There's a bunch of new content added with the Afterbirth DLC and there's going to be loads more coming with the upcoming Afterbirth+ which will have modding support."
76561198072182182,Recommended,250900,12870122,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Like the flash original, this fiendishly difficult tear-jerker is a Cronenberg-esque fusion of roguelike and classic arcade shooter, but it improves upon old-fashionedIsaacin every imaginable way.  With slicker FPS, a better score, at least a hundred new game-altering items, native controller support and the ability to save mid-run (still permadeath, though),THISis the best version, nay, theonlyversion of the game to play.  Easy to pick up and enjoy, arduous to master,Rebirthis a game for almost everyone.It is more than a bit sacrilegious though, so you may not want to get this if you have strong Christian sensibilities (luckily not the case with myself)."
76561198201530055,Recommended,250900,17952016,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,pador25,"I like this game, its very fun"
,Recommended,250900,27773104,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,froggo,"I gave it the THE “I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE” AWARD cause im a funny person."
76561197984112542,Recommended,250900,12876458,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Briosh,"Buy this game!Oh, you already did? Good..."
,Recommended,250900,12806643,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Daepilin,"Must have for those who liked Isaac. Bigger, better, smoother and sooo many more possibilities :D"
,Recommended,250900,27316378,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gilgatex,"After 350 hours, I still love this game."
,Recommended,250900,13195227,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Vaporize,Yesssss
,Recommended,250900,20044592,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Slejer ॐ,Recommendation in every possible way+Replay value+Randomisation+Items+Achivements+Challenges+Levels+All.10/10
,Recommended,250900,13481658,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,NikosG,Best Zelda-Dungeon Style game i've played in ages!
76561197999643992,Recommended,250900,20070464,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,F153n,Kjempe stas!
76561198056162281,Recommended,250900,20060271,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,electrongod25,Great game. Very dark humor. Also has co-op local player with one other player.
76561198019537729,Recommended,250900,18815349,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,.tv/ToxicalPhoenix,"amasing game. bring back many memories of the old games. its fun and easy to get used too, and its alot of playtime in this as theres alot to explore."
,Recommended,250900,15334136,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Synrey,"The need to appease the RNG gods has never been more apparant.While I can't reccommend this game to everyone (believe me I've tried)""This game is literally about the Bible and♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; - somebody, don't remember whoanyone with any more of moral dissonance will enjoy this game thoroughly, with it's questionable content and frankly insane replay value, it's serious bang for your buck.I'd reccommend buying it now so you can 100% it before the DLC comes outor not.Seriously though you should buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game"
76561198053492396,Recommended,250900,20504562,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ѕριcувυllfrog,poop loops
76561198097988738,Recommended,250900,19101753,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Skipppy,This game is insanely fun. There are time where my runs will last 45 minutes. Highly reccomend.
,Recommended,250900,17514040,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Toxic,I got this game because Northernlion and Baharoo played it. It looked really fun so i got it. It easily one of the best games I have ever played.
76561198257408696,Recommended,250900,28969160,Posted: 3 January,all,Blue,AWESOME GAMEEE
,Recommended,250900,14471590,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Serious Squirrel,Addicting rogue-lite that can be replayed over and over without getting boring.There are always new things and item combinations to discover and you're always waiting for that one perfect run after which you feel absolutely awesome.
,Recommended,250900,19334947,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Malmerino,Nice game!8.7/10
,Recommended,250900,14303403,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,FunkyGnome,"After doing everything this game has to offer, I can honestly say it is one of my favorite games I ever played. Though I throughly enjoyed it, it's style could be very off putting to people. The mechanics are solid, the framerate is consistent and it is extremely replayable as every run is diffenrent given the rouge-like nature of the title. Overall it's a great game totally worth the $15 they're asking for it."
76561198155289802,Recommended,250900,22031502,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,pickel rick,out of every old school zelda game fan game this is probly the best what makes the game fun is that its hard and the iteams are amzing anyways i give it a 10/10 its really good
,Recommended,250900,20341896,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,nicotab,this game is gonna kill me help
,Recommended,250900,22189464,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,pipe el negro misteriozo,"never had so much fun playing a rogue life game, this is my favorite"
,Recommended,250900,17342936,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,SuperManateeMan,Never has child abuse been more fun.420/10 -IGN
,Recommended,250900,22211325,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,PeriDooter™,"ON of my all time favorite games, if you loved the first one this one will bring your love back ten fold. I totally recommend picking this game up, when i play iy i get stuck playing it for hours"
,Recommended,250900,14638258,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ChaosToaster,"It's like The Binding of Isaac but with more items, more characters and more goals.And it's not just a reskin, it's a proper sequel!10/10 would cry again."
76561198168946054,Recommended,250900,19996064,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ruiskumeloni,Me Like
,Recommended,250900,28954689,Posted: 2 January,all,Kung Fu Kenny,"Um I have a lot of hours in this game and it's pretty decent, especially with the DLC or whatever. Buy it."
76561198009004229,Recommended,250900,20228201,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,wertandrew,"If you are a secrets fan, this is the game for you. Not only because it has a ton, but because each secret gives you something that will change your gameplay, its not just a pop up window with an achievement you really don't care like in some other games."
,Recommended,250900,25382212,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Tantei Rotana,I love this game though once I complete it I never want to see it again.
,Recommended,250900,12798461,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Arne,2 gud 2 be true
,Recommended,250900,27048804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flame,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a game that defies explanation. The story is horrifying and is difficult to explain to casual players. The graphics are grisly and purposely dated. There is no instruction guide in the game outside of the first room you log into. Yet this game is what all rogue-likes should aim to be.The depth of the mechanics are incredible: you collect items in the game and they synergize with one another. Find a bomb? Cool! Then you find an item that makes all your bombs blow up into five tiny bombs. Cooler! THEN you find a bomb that shoots your attack in all directions when they blow up, so all your bombs do that.There are thousands of combinations and they, along with the random layout every time you load, make this near-infinitely replayable. Some runs are 10 minutes of overpowered glory. Some runs take over an hour of intense effort to fufill. And there are hundreds of little secrets and tricks to learn as you play, along with a tremendously welcoming and helpful community.Buy this game if you like action/adventure and want a constantly changing challenge. Just don't look at the plot too hard. It's better that way."
,Recommended,250900,15641905,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,logan5,get naked and projectile cry onto demons and monsters: the Redux
,Recommended,250900,13155998,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Nurse Redheart,"Everything I loved about the original, now in a nicer, bigger, shinier package.  Get it."
,Recommended,250900,14700160,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FusionMonkey3,its best quality is that every run is different
,Recommended,250900,18025537,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,stamos,after concerning about my fathers due dillagence i take the money and the gun
,Recommended,250900,14537035,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Renita,"Amazing game, even for someone who has not played rogue liked before! It's a little bit frustrating at times but it's still one of the best game I have played. I'm surprised by how much content there is in this!"
,Recommended,250900,26967416,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spooktical Problems,"Do you like morbid adventures where you play as a small child who sells his soul to Satan and cries on grotesque monsters to make them explode into blood?I didn't either, but this game changed my opinion."
,Recommended,250900,13644008,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Stoolbox,Great game!Easy way to kill some time.
,Recommended,250900,13616614,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,glazedkoala,"The Binding of Isaac is a great Rogue-Light Dungeon Crawler. Anybody who's played a 2D Zelda game will find the layout of the dungeons familiar, but gameplay really is nothing like Zelda.This game is largely about learning how to kill enemies while taking the fewest hits as well as which upgrades to grab and which to ignore.  One of the best parts of the game is that over time you will unlock new upgrades, new bosses, and new areas that you can access which keeps it very replayable. The coop in Rebirth is great too, but unfortunately it's not viable as certain characters.I recommend unlocking all of the characters as quickly as you can. Some are definitely better than others. Azazel is OP."
,Recommended,250900,27481078,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[VeC] Chrysalis,"Best roguelike in existance.If you like this genre, I bet you already have Iisac. If by some miracle you like the genre but do not own this game, it's worth it. Get it now, and never look back."
,Recommended,250900,13690265,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Huladancer,Brilliant. Challenging. Fun.10/10
,Recommended,250900,17921847,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Your Local Good Boy,"This game will be the death of me the dlc i thought would make the game easier because more items to pick from.... well it makes it far from it all the new floors (trolling item rooms ""spikes and 3 rocks around a item) and crazy new bosses it makes it wayyyyy harder p.s Edmund is the master of trolling-Does new guardian challenge-gets the shovel that lets me dig deeper (go to next floor)-digs deeper on last floor (thinking it will end and ill just win)-Goes to satan room and processes to die because of op new monsters-Starts new game-Gets to mom heart and beats it with in 20 minutes-Sees a boss rush room and decides to go in just to see whats in there-Notices there was a item in the corner figures it is free (not thinking about it being a boss rush room and never been in a boss rush room since the dlc comes)-My guy protecting the heart dies-i lose my will to fight-looks into the sunset-cry my eyes out-throws up 2 fingers (peace sign) and slowly fades away while eye of the tiger followed by ymca plays in the backgroundthis run has given me cancer6/9 would get cancer again"
76561198010422686,Recommended,250900,12807660,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Arikado_616,Crying the poop away has never been so fun.
,Recommended,250900,27320553,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Loud Ass Sistah,like binding of isaac but 2
,Recommended,250900,14240363,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chaos Completed,"Every time you beat the game with a good run or bad run,you still go back to it. If you rage quit and stop playing,you will always start thinking to yourself : ""I wonder if my next run will be better than last time"". So you go play it again and you die. You keep telling yourself that the NEXT run will be better. You can't stop despite most of the bad runs you get. This is basically how I see myself playing the game everytime. I love it so much, I can't stop playing! 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14430032,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,mournblade77,"Better than the first in all the ways that matter.  If you like Isaac before, you'll like him even better now."
76561198014142346,Recommended,250900,13954488,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,thatguyindoom,"A more pixely version of the binding of isaac. A rouge like game for sure, each play through is 100% unique. The more you play the more you unlock. New characters can make some levels easier, or not. The game is difficult, but in a good skill based way. Not a soul crushing hard. Very simple controls make the game easy to approach, unpredictable rooms and encounters make the game hard.PROS: Easy to play, hard to win, even deaths reward items, lots of achievementsCONS: can get boring fast, deaths can come swiftly, bad hit detection"
,Recommended,250900,12791897,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fasanov,"As always, The Binding of isaac never ceases to amaze me. This new version is awsome the music is incredible, the new enimies and challenges are awsome, this is an amazing game"
76561198088580740,Recommended,250900,14438088,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,AustinS,"I love this game, the items are very unique and I think many people would like this game"
76561198023700704,Recommended,250900,14181382,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Jolli,"To start I would like to say I'm not the best at writing reviews but whatever.After playing this game alot and getting almost 2 save files to real platinum god I can safely say this game is quite good. I've picked up every item in the game and found endless combos and this game still surprises me.If you liked the original Isaac you should definitely get this cause it's a drastic update keeping some old Items but adding a bunch of new ones, with additional bosses and new areas to explore.This game is also really good to play when you're are bored and you just want to pass time cause every run is different from the other, you never get an identical run.But over all is it worth the 15$? Yes 100%. an infinetly replayable Rogue-like dungeon crawler that will still surprise you no matter how many time you play it and the loads of items you can unlock by doing all sorts of things, and they are even making DLC which may add new items, enemies and other things (They have not announced what kind of DLC yet but they have announced they are making them)"
76561198048039149,Recommended,250900,14438157,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mothafuckin ass,This is one of the best games i ever played.Would highly recommend to everyone any day of the week.Hours of fun!10/10 game.I <3 Edmund McMillenPLAY THIS GAME
,Recommended,250900,12798568,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Dan,"Edit: 2/11/15 - Even after a 100% playthrough, there are still moments that are unique in new runs that always give me fun runs and also mini heart attacks cause of some very close calls! Looking forward to expansions/DLC in the future!The Binding of Isaac Rebirth takes the original and recreates it into exactly what you would expect it to be in a beautiful 60 FPS gameplay with way more items, characters, and challenges than you know what to do with. I'm currently only 6 hours in, but I already enjoy this game plenty more than the original.Honestly, if you have played the original, and enjoyed it even a little tiny bit, you should definitely give Rebirth a try! The graphics, soundtrack and fun will be sure to grab your attention for potential hours to come!666/10. =]"
,Recommended,250900,14510732,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,OwO,"An updated version of the original, and it's infinitely better x3"
76561198026411157,Recommended,250900,14422289,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Johnno,"HIghly reccomended, difficult yet fun - can spend hours playing this!"
,Recommended,250900,30472780,Posted: 12 March,all,✪ itsKipp @ csgoroll.com,"It can be difficult at first, but I cannot explain how amazing it feels to beat Isaac's mother for the first time. You earn your success in this game; for the most part, unless you get op items."
,Recommended,250900,14548750,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,magalo94,"A great game, addictive and challenging if you want to get all achievements.Lots of items and bosses, 20 challenges with unique combinations, different characters with each its specific bonus and malus, ...In short: a game to buy!"
,Recommended,250900,13018633,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,thesigmagamer,Favourite game on the library. Just awesome!
76561198043466751,Recommended,250900,14379165,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,impressionable unwed teen,Best game ever.
76561198078039833,Recommended,250900,14647273,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Drithos,Killing the Satan with your own bloody♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would pee again!
,Recommended,250900,14643267,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,shurb,GREAT TIME WASTER AND FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY IN MY BASEMENT.
76561198062576391,Recommended,250900,14644220,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,vektur,.
,Recommended,250900,14641392,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,NotTaylr,Great time killer
76561198071542409,Recommended,250900,14454148,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ablivion,Really fun game that you can play a really long time and never get tired of.9 out of 10
,Recommended,250900,14457094,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Shiranui,"I've played this for quite some time and I can safely say it is addicting as hell once you get into it, each good run will take ussually up to 40 mins and yet leave you wanting to do another and get every item unlock you can possibly get. My only problem with the game is the character ""The Lost"" but aside from that it is a great game, much better than the precursor and well worth the $15"
,Recommended,250900,16155897,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Morrigan,"One of my favourite games. Simple in its game play mechanics, but rich in replayability. You start by sucking at it, losing on the very first floor and restarting at your death to a measly fly. Just like growing up you learn from mistakes and grow better at the game until you question ""how the ♥♥♥♥ did I lose with Brimstone!?"".As you go through the game you find fun and interesting combination of item, secrets and lots of variance to keep you in the game even when you ""finish"" the game. With its cheap price point, you won't be losing a lot of money buying this game with the hours you (hopefully will) put in.If you want to 'try' the game, I suggest you get the first game. Not as much content but the core is there.Praise Lord Edmund McMillen. Please sign my Cruel Sadist BibleThump"
,Recommended,250900,16178216,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dongle,This game is pretty good. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,16178096,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BC Nick,"Never really played the original but bought Rebirth anyway. Forced my way through 40 hours of gameplay just to be able to consistently beat Mom's Heart. It beat me up, threw me down time and time again and I kept coming back and now roughly 90 hours in I'm not looking back. The music is catchy, it runs smooth as can be, and looks great. While not for everyone, I started off being horrible at it and do fairly well now. I think it's definitely worth a shot at and can pretty easily end up an addiction where one loss turns into ""Well, just one more run."""
76561198073265099,Recommended,250900,13008077,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SwankyPants,"Isaac has been through some ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously though, really addictive. Always new things to unlock. Always a challenge. One of the few games that I actually give a ♥♥♥♥ about completing achievements on. So much replay value for £10.99, I'd much rather pay £40 for this rather than the latest (♥♥♥♥♥♥) installment of CoD.You might think it looks boring at first glance, as I did. Just don't judge this book by its cover."
,Recommended,250900,16559046,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Raider Bro,"Step 1) Purchase GameStep 2) InstallStep 3) Play gameStep 4) Kill your Mum, Win game first timeStep 5) Kill more things with tearsStep 6) Find your friendsStep 7) 110% gameStep 8) GG"
,Recommended,250900,12795003,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,reysad,LOVE IT ALL
,Recommended,250900,16535191,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RyoScar,"Great update to an already great game, love the new items and all the new bosses, scaleable difficulty really adds to the replay value too, plus the challenge runs :)"
,Recommended,250900,15513856,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Cappy Snappy,AWESOMMMMMMEE
76561198119539734,Recommended,250900,16397114,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cooney,I r8 8/8 gr8 m8 don't h8
76561198043775374,Recommended,250900,16395928,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BOOB MARLEY,dis is gud gaym
,Recommended,250900,16402449,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Johnny Lasagna,One of the most addicting rogue-like games out there
,Recommended,250900,16074160,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Pyre,"Fantastic rogue play game with unique runs & gameplay, highly addicting.Top marks for this buddy! 10/10"
76561198061484217,Recommended,250900,16248698,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Jo,"I've played ~90 hours of The Binding of Isaac, which while amazing, showed its Flash roots very clearly and had a lot of contradictory effects, so I feel I can make a fair comparison between these games.This game fixes every issue I had with the previous one. It looks great, the soundtrack is gorgeous (particularly the mob room music), and the various ending scenes are animated really nicely. The game can be downright frustrating at times, and you should invest in a sturdy controller for those tense rooms. This is a personal preference - it can be played with the keyboard, and as long as a controller can be used on your PC / laptop, you can map controls to it.The creator also designed this remake to allow for easy modding, with a whole subreddit on reddit dedicated to creating different yet similar versions of this game. One of my favourites is a mod that turns everything Super Mario-esque.Rebirth has made the BoI community even bigger, with Youtubers giving tutorials and showing insane runs, an entire Wiki for newcomers and veterans, and competitions for the best of the best to compete. Even when your skill is high, there's still that luck element that keeps you coming back.The randomness of Rebirth is what keeps every run fresh. A single item or room can at times make or break a run. The challenges put a further twist on things and make you play in ways you'd never imagined. I haven't tried co-op so I can't make a judgment on that.People should definitely get this game. With the Summer sale right around the corner, price won't really be much of an issue if that €15 puts you off. Get this game which has had so much effort put into it and join a great community!"
,Recommended,250900,13035846,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Misleadinglycron,"10 tears out of 10; Best rouge like i've ever played.One weird glitch/mechanic where i was cain beat void on hardmode but i used an ankh and ended up as blue baby, later i see the win listed on my blue baby... I'm not complaining as ??? is harder to beat the game with then cain, but it seems like a bit of an exploit, but that is just opinion."
,Recommended,250900,16329062,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SudoCarbon,One of the best designed games I have ever played. You can have endless hours of fun with Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,250900,16330994,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Taser9001 ⇋HG-A⇌,"Amazing game. The randomness, the humour, the design... It feels good to play, and is extremely satisfying when you win, especially if you get some crazy synergies along the way."
,Recommended,250900,12792759,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,bobbique,"Well, to give a quick summary of my review... I haven't stopped smiling since I started installing The Binding of Isacc: Rebirth.The game, in my opinion, exceeds expectations tenfold, given that I have tried my best to stay away from content surrounding the game to.. y'know, keep it a surprise. Well, Edmund has surely delivered quality work that shows that he is invested in making his own games even better with practiced design and flawless gameplay and visuals.Upon starting the game, the original cutscene-like thing opening would play as it did in the original game, and while I noticed a few things different in the style and flash-like animation, it was all-too-familiar. The opening music plays like the rest of the game does, and is much better than the OST of the original game.The ONLY problem I found, was that my controller wasn't showing up, though it is a normal wired Xbox 360 Controller. Though after restarting the game, it did show up, but presented itself as if it needed to be mapped, though it worked the default way in actual gameplay despite what I put in the Mappings for my controller itself.Otherwise, this was a flawless experience, and I can't wait to submit this review and dive right back in. If you aren't playing it, and you in any way enjoyed the original game, you are doing yourself a disservice."
,Recommended,250900,12960112,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Gadgex,This game is amazing in every way  imaginable buy it. You will get your 15 dollars worth
76561198056588074,Recommended,250900,15424260,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,XenoMcMuffin,Probably the best and most addicting game on steam. It's very polished!(for the most part) The modding community is absolutely fantastic as well.
,Recommended,250900,12791781,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,「Chris」,10/10 Will kill mom again.
76561197960988751,Recommended,250900,21757717,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jarmustard,Excellent game.  I prefer to play Binding of Isaac on my vita but it's great on pc as well.  Tons of variety of experiences while maintaining a challenging difficulty.
76561198076841582,Recommended,250900,13581087,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DarkestWingz,Fire extinguishing and poop squishing simulator. 10/10
76561198105028574,Recommended,250900,20889414,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,sethbandy,Awesome game
,Recommended,250900,30643226,Posted: 20 March,all,PillsStealer,"This game is one of my most favorite games of all time!This game almost became an addiction, I couldn't stop playing. A new run every time I played, a new way to break the game, a new way to die! There is over 500 items, the item combos were endless! Overall, I had fun playing this game. From making my first deal with the devil to the 1000000% achievement, I can glady say this was worth my time.Highly recommended if you like to kill time with a crying child."
76561198252031568,Recommended,250900,20470291,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Smeef (in School),I haven't played this game so much but I really enjoy it. :3
76561198180084662,Recommended,250900,21086255,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Trobert,Not my proudest fap
,Recommended,250900,13479327,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wildcard777,One of the best games I have ever had the privelege of playing. If you enjoyed the original B.O.I. then you will easily like this 10x+ better! It's a good challenge that knows how to reward you and there's 178 secrets to unlock!!! Crazy!
,Recommended,250900,18732877,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Nitrotitan,"This is a wonderful example of a good rogue-like. You can fight cute poops, demonic clones, more poop monsters, and finally your own fetus.To be serious though this game is amazing- Hundreds of items and combos to get- Multiple characters to play as- Seed variation- REALLY challenging in some circumstances (;_; The lost)- Nice smooth textures and graphics- Fairly well controls on keyboard and controller~ The haunt ♥♥♥♥ing sucks... Too spooky 4 mehOverall I would give this game a ... 10 crying isaac's out of 10 Dead fetuses"
,Recommended,250900,15455837,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,JENNY COOL,Unbelievably addictive10/10Absoloutely in love with both isaac games <3(♥♥♥♥ YOU CURSE OF THE MAZE!)
76561198110073181,Recommended,250900,18154100,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Breakthelevee,"Isaac is one of those games where you buy it on a whim because its cheap and the next thing you know its the most played game in your library. It's tight controls and random yet (mostly) well constructed runs make it such an easy title to pick up and yet a brutal one to master. And the closer you think you are to beating it the more you've unlocked and the deeper into the game you get, both literally and figuratively. Edmund and Co created a masterpiece of a roguelike with BoI and then polished it even further with Rebirth. Now if you'll excuse me I have to go try and get my friends to buy this so they don't think I'm crazy for playing a game as a naked crying child"
76561198068143576,Recommended,250900,20974096,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ice Cold Lem,Used my tears to destroy poop9/10Serious review
76561198064841634,Recommended,250900,16590398,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,elliejelly8,"I adore this game. Zelda themes dungeons, random floors, interesting bosses. All around a great game!"
,Recommended,250900,21140301,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,schulae,"The Binding of Isaac is one of the most complex, difficult, and addicting games I have ever played.  Replay value over 9000."
,Recommended,250900,14701336,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Radeson,"I like the part where Isaac dies. I also like the other part where he dies. This game is all about dying, but still worth the buy."
,Recommended,250900,17872047,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Old Man Communism,"Look at my time on this game.Im barely halfway through it.(This to people complaining about the sound track, I have a fix.1. Mute the game2. Go to youtube3. Look for the full 3 hour soundtrack and start itAnd TA DA the original soundtrack is in the game!)"
,Recommended,250900,12792125,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DEAD PROFILE,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!The textures are better!!!the enemys are better!!!The items are better!!!ALL IS BETTER THAN IN THE NORMAL BOI!!!
,Recommended,250900,21228412,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"Very addicting...  Starts out tough, but immense replay value.  I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,250900,21076644,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TangE,"God of God -  Gamerecommend, recommend,recommend, recommend !!"
76561198085008662,Recommended,250900,19720589,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Galaxamus,"When I first played this cursed game, I had a sleepless night. I stopped. This game is a curse.I frequently play games with my friends. We talk all the time. I played this game. And I haven't talked to them in almost a week.This game is a curse. Play at your own risk."
,Recommended,250900,19705940,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Duke Of Jam,"Yup, pretty good"
76561198059638578,Recommended,250900,12911328,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Fine Red Mist,"Amazing game, it's a lot better than it's prequel"
,Recommended,250900,14042325,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,GhostFry,a nice game sometimes you have a good and fun run and sometimes nothis game is great but it will be more fun if there is online runs or something
,Recommended,250900,30227936,Posted: 27 February,all,Karma (DiamondEevee),let the joy of love take you higher
76561198043698039,Recommended,250900,12907413,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Flustered Doorknob,I think Ed got it right this time. Looking forward to DLC. I hate spiders.
,Recommended,250900,14070980,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Zach,"If you didn't think Binding of Isaac could get any better, think again.More items, better graphics, better performance, and better synergies make this game an absolute must-buy. Hours and hours of limitless possibilities."
,Recommended,250900,13768853,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gasgara,"Even though Super Meat Boy & Time ♥♥♥♥ are better games, I preordered this game but forgot to write a review. All Edmund McMillen games are good. Ed McMillen is best game dev. And Judas is best character in TBoIR."
,Recommended,250900,27341098,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Caert,"Infinitely better than its predecessor, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is easily the best game I've played in years and I constantly find myself coming back to this game at least on a bi-weekly basis. Before this game, I had never played any sort of Rogue-like game, but the second I started playing Rebirth, I knew it was going to take up most of my spare time. There's tons of unique items, characters, bosses, and most importantly, synergies between a vast majority of the available items. I very highly recommend this to fans of Rogue-like games and even to those who have never tried one before."
,Recommended,250900,12796225,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Steroidjesus,"Oh my god, This game... This game... I have never been this satisfied with a game that I've ever played EVER. It not only is basically a brand new game, But it runs at least 90% better than the flash version (Dat silky smooth 60 fps) I can already tell I will put in hundreds of hours into this game, This is a must have for new and old Isaac fans alike. Now if you'll excuse me, it's time to kill my mom."
,Recommended,250900,13011040,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Terreezus,It's alright.
,Recommended,250900,20107269,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DJ the Bastard,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Yeah, I said it."
,Recommended,250900,16617463,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kyle Crane (nuser),"Great game! Like the old one, just bigger and better! And it makes you say things you would have never thought you would...Well I'm off to cry on spiders in my cellar while ripping out my left eye and having cancer."
,Recommended,250900,19501000,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cosmonaut Sloth,"Play as a naked kid in this hoarding simulator, in which your own mother is trying to kill you, so you either kill her with your tears or you die horribly trying."
,Recommended,250900,17349492,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,staari,You can cry magnetic poop10/10
,Recommended,250900,13220425,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Butt Muncher 99,"Had to choose between this or my girlfriend, guess who just beat mom for the third time tonight!"
,Recommended,250900,26664325,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Chelliah,100%'ed this game. 111 hours of worth it. Very fun and great if you have some random downtime and don't know what to play. Also its hard. Really hard. Highly recommend!!
,Recommended,250900,12792060,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,[AP] Mrjocool,"Amamzing, music, graphics, everything about this game makes me love it!!!"
76561198011688732,Recommended,250900,13275547,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sharky ･ω･,"This game is just great. With so many items, new characters and randomized rooms there is plenty of room for replayability. The only thing I'm waiting for is a DS version of this game, so that I can play it when I'm away from my PC."
,Recommended,250900,26991539,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Austo,"Amazingly fun, an absolute improvement over every aspect of the original Isaac."
76561198340910762,Recommended,250900,28972471,Posted: 3 January,all,RedTheFox,Love this game and everything about it.
,Recommended,250900,16564081,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jaffa Cakes,232.8 hours of my life well spent.
76561198125036473,Recommended,250900,14133529,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,thewiseman,"this game is alot better then the orign fixing most of the bugs but i found that there are still some bugs within the game that speed up everything randomly. this happens sometimes when i enter a room, this makes me usually make me die. another thing i found while playing is that it sometimes randomizes the damage from a half heart to a full heart on regular rooms wich makes me frustrated when you take a bullwt by one enemy on a full heart and you die. but over all this game is really good just some minor bugs."
76561198194314839,Recommended,250900,16440414,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,不虚小王子,"This is really a nice game, it's worth to buy and spend time to play. Do not think! buy it!"
,Recommended,250900,12920319,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Trysdyn,"If you played the original Isaac, Rebirth is everything the original was, and more. A better, stabler, faster engine, differently sized rooms, a ton more items, monsters, trinkets, etc, a fork of The Chest for the Satan path so you can reach a ""True end"" through Sheol now, new characters including one with random stats and use item for true randomness lovers... The music is awesome, the pixel art graphics are awesome, there's an anti-aliasing filter to remove the ""Pixely"" look if you don't care for that... I have absolutely no complaints about the ""Sequel"" and feel it's worth the price tag even though it's a fresh coat of paint on the original.If you never played the original, Binding of Isaac is like a classic Legend of Zelda dungeon crawl, with one huge randomized dungeon and the graphics retooled into a twisted horror visage. Each run starts you from zero, and takes anywhere from 15 to 60 minutes to finish depending on speed, skill, and luck. The game is gory, sometimes gross, sometimes full of religious overtones, poop, fart, and sex jokes, and that may turn people off. If you're okay with that, underneath is an incredibly deep roguelike-like experience with hundreds of hours of replayability. The only people to 100% the game so far put in over 150 hours to do it, because there's so many items to unlock, bosses to kill, and secrets to discover.Worth it if you have the original as it's a huge upgrade. Worth it if you've never played Isaac because it's a great, replayable roguelike-like dungeon crawler."
,Recommended,250900,16538065,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SkyTryke,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a true rebirth and reinnovation of the classic The Binding of Isaac. Having hundreds of items, item combinations and synergies, unique characters, and randomly generated seeds, Rebirth allows for dozens and dozens and hours upon hours of replayability, fun, and mayhem."
,Recommended,250900,16592996,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SteelyJake LFT,An amazing twinstick shooter that has hundreds of hours of gameplay with all the items and achievements. No two runs will be the same so it keeps things fresh so you won't get bored. Would recommend this to everyone
,Recommended,250900,14102202,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jimithia,"Wonderful! It has all the items from the original and has so much more, love the graphics a lot, vanilla lagged a bunch and now this version doesn't lag a lot, its all randomly generated and has so much to offer, go buy it and have fun!"
,Recommended,250900,13702878,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Pinesmith,"Quite recently (as of writing, 5 minutes ago) I went back to the original Binding of Isaac for a quick run. I sunk so many hours into it before Rebirth, so I figured I could have another run or two just fine.I quit the run at the caves, and I won't be going back. Rebirth does just about everything better, I find it hard to believe that it's the predecessor to this. It's smoother, it's better aesthetically, the controls are tighter, it seems to have better hitboxes.I will miss some things about the original. The original music is superior to Rebirth outside of a few tracks. Some of the old items being better than their Rebirth counterparts, such as Dr. Fetus and the Lucky Foot.However, the music is acceptable and the nerfs are fine due to the huge increase to the item pool resulting in runs being homogeneous, as well as the Samson buff.All in all, an excellent remake that is worth your money, especially if you loved the original."
,Recommended,250900,13503614,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jacobzen,"If you liked the original, this is a no-brainer. It improves the game in every single way: it runs better, has more items, bosses, levels, room layouts etc."
,Recommended,250900,16702689,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Thiemos,I found the game to be really fun and I wish to see a sequel.
,Recommended,250900,13167329,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Anosmiac,"This game is fantastic. I played over 100 hours of the original flash version, but after playing Rebirth, I can't go back. Rebirth improves upon the original in just about every way while also adding a huge amount of content. If you're even a little interested in rogue-like games and can handle a little toilet humor and sacrilege, you need to own this game."
76561198054119587,Recommended,250900,16749633,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Blood,Great game
76561198123434976,Recommended,250900,17315904,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,McLean,"This is my go to podcast game. On another note though the amount of depth in this game is staggering. I bought this game during the 2014 Christmas Sale for around five dollars and forty hours in I feel like I've still not seen all there is to see. If you like rouge likes you probably already have this game, but if you don't I highly recommend it. Also there is a ton of content out there about this game so go check that out before you spend your money to get a better idea of if this game is for you."
,Recommended,250900,17963656,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,McCree,"It's very fun and addicting.Though lots of the game is random (Room enemies, room types, what items you get... EVERYTHING...), you can usually overcome it with skill, and learning + memorizing enemy patterns.It's fun to try and win a so-called bad/lost run, and it's fun to destroy all in your path with a super overpowered run.It has plenty of replayability due to it's randomness."
76561198065054711,Recommended,250900,13515667,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SyntaX,Please send help...11/10 IGN
,Recommended,250900,18347409,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,bonfire,69hs on record nice
,Recommended,250900,15551664,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dr. Mercy :3,"Amazing retouch on the game, more items, stories and collectables! Hope the new and upcoming DLC will expand even more to the Binding of Isaac universe!"
,Recommended,250900,30543717,Posted: 16 March,all,Dr_Iversen,I think I like this game
,Recommended,250900,18325242,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nugatory,Personally i love this game even when im not playing it i can still go to Twitch or even Youtube and enjoy other people playing it. The mass amount of items and the challenging diffuclty makes for a great combination in this dungoen crawler; the art style and game play coinside making for a great experenice.
,Recommended,250900,18377035,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,GastricPenguin,Totally worth it the cost!!! I dont even have 100 hours played like many others but im sure that I will eventually have them!
,Recommended,250900,18420487,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dipply,"The Binding Of Isaac; The horrid search for keys, bombs, hearts and usaful items"
76561198013697341,Recommended,250900,18521151,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,bai_ganyo,"A game for every old-school gamer out there.One of the first in the ongoing wave of roguelikes and my absolute favourite. Rewarding trying again and again by making the game statistically easier to beat by adding stronger items to the pool of possible pick-ups and luring you to try again after succeding, since successes make it harder and spawn new bosses.Gameplay mechanics at their best. Lots of secrets nobody tells you that you have to uncover by stumbling upon them.In time you get so good, you feel like a ninja walking between the raindrops, running through the levels like a demigod smashing everything in your way.A stroke of genious and a must for every arcade guru of the known universe."
76561198202884067,Recommended,250900,18521550,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Twixels,Really amazing it will make you get glued to your laptop for hours on hours.
76561198166333449,Recommended,250900,15574457,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Pookiepotamus,"A very fun rogue-like game with many items,enemys,floors,bosses and a whole lot of difficulty for starters it has high replay value much better graphics then the first one in my opinion  and who knows how much more there will be in the new DLC The Binding Of Isaac Afterbirth"
,Recommended,250900,18668800,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,NexusNow,"I love the replayability of this game and all the variety in this game. Every run is different and it adds a whole new element. I highly highly recommend the game if you are a fan of the first as it adds many visual improvements and new items. Unlocking new things is really exciting and it's fun to try to get all of them. I rate this game 10/10, can't wait for afterbirth."
,Recommended,250900,18480195,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Big Boss,"Religious symbolism, murdering moms, and poop. It's perfect."
,Recommended,250900,18705307,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Haylex,"THIS GAME IS MY LIFE !!I finally completed all chievements. Yes that is correct all of them and it was freaking hard, especialy the Lost.Thanks so much and hope there will be another chapter after afterbirth <3"
,Recommended,250900,18275127,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,EmoChen,"Why should I get this game you may ask. The answer is simple, there's poop! You can poop on the ground. You can kill smiling poop, angry poop, depressed poop and poop piles. Thats reason enough to get this game!"
76561198239483604,Recommended,250900,17957993,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,psychonaut_78,Hours of fun for all the family!200 hours+ on PS4
,Recommended,250900,18721684,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Onee-chan! エド,"playing as the lost made me realized that i dont have a life oh wait ,,"
,Recommended,250900,18464317,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Lebensgnome,One of my favorite freaking games of all time. So excited for afterbirth.
,Recommended,250900,15288294,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Lamp,"in my opinion... ""Best Game of 2014"""
,Recommended,250900,16967834,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ollie,All I need to say is I took the time to unlock every achievemnt...
,Recommended,250900,16105736,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The_EveryMann,"ON ITS OWN AS A GAME+ Tons of replayability+ Lots of fun, crazy, are suicidal synergies to use+ Its hard but fairCOMPARED TO THE ORIGINAL GAME+/- Slightly easier+ Max hearts (of any kind) is 12 so you can’t ball out of control+ Better optimized+/- New art style+ More endings+ Way more items+/- Old things have been buffed, nerfed, and remastered"
,Recommended,250900,18782701,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SpeZiFiScH®,I like!
76561198053491245,Recommended,250900,18782759,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,KaleAzaria,"Just tried out the new Greed Mode. First level, and I'm fighting Dingle (Poop Boss) with the Satan background music.10/10 Would fight Satan Poop again."
,Recommended,250900,18491183,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,DJ White Excellence,Fun gaem.
,Recommended,250900,18644326,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ShloeWe,"This is a review, and I recommend!"
,Recommended,250900,18414634,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,trophytroll,"Played it for an hour and hated it.  I came back a week later and could not stop playing it.  It's a difficult game but it is super replayable.  This is a great game. If you liked Zelda, you will like this.  This game is basically a bullet-hell type of zelda.  There are hundreds of items and unlocks making each playthrough different.  Oh and  I almost forgot to mention all of the rooms full of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,250900,13817300,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Chris,"Going to be honest, weren't personally really that big of a fan on the original Binding of Isaac, even though it's a really great game by it's own rights. But i have really been enjoying rebirth. (Even though i'm pretty sure the game itself hates my guts and want to see me suffer) Bigger rooms, a butt ton of new items, item combinations and bosses, super smooth gameplay, more detailed and better looking (And full controller support!!) and just over all greatly improved a game that were already so great and could offer you an endless amount of content.So for those that aren't familiar with the franchise, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a roguelike, dungeon crawler twin stick shooter based on the biblical story about Abraham and Isaac(Wich is why there's alot of biblical references in the shape of both items and bosses) where you play as Isaac and in this case it's your mother that's got the message to sacrifice you. You'll be fighting your way through abominations, lost siblings and literally poop in the hunt for different items to aid you in the final confrontation with your mother. And as you play and beat the game you'll unlock more and more items, bosses and even different characters.And the ""Cartoony"" art style really does a great job on making you forget the fact that you're actually running around naked in the basement, crying on all sorts of foul creatures while using all sorts of harmful things on yourself to make you cry even more while being hunted by your own mother. :3So yes, if you like games with incredible replay-value then The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is right up your ally! 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14234186,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,lift^^,AWESOME
,Recommended,250900,18355290,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Canjan,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,250900,23267508,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Primed Betch,isic
76561198085807925,Recommended,250900,14426002,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Coffee Jeph,"Here is isaac storyI was laying in my room waiting and waitingfor The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth to download.When my mom rushed in my room with a knifeafter attempting to lock me away. Iescaped through a locked basement, thenthat's when i realized it wasn't a basement.it was a CELLER and then I was screwed."
,Recommended,250900,13297735,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Morty | TOTN,BEST GAME EVER!!!! TEAM MEAT IS BEST!
,Recommended,250900,13506057,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pool's Closed,"When I say there's a lot of content in this game, that's an enormous ♥♥♥♥ing understatement. There's hundreds of items, power-ups, and trinkets for you to grab. Almost each one has it's own visual effect, even when items are stacked. I had to have played at least 30 hours of this game on PC and PS4, and I'm still finding new enemies, items, and other unlockables. Not to mention- everything is randomized. Without using a seed, no two playthroughs will be exactly alike. Easily one of my favorite games of all time.Pros:- Everything, except the one thing (see below)Cons:- Some rooms are just the game's way of kicking you in the♥♥♥♥♥ Based on the size/shape of the room, it's almost impossible to not get hit at least once. These rooms aren't too common, but when you get them, you'll know.10/10 Seriously, buy this game."
76561198088956077,Recommended,250900,22421771,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ATimeForWolves,"The rogue-like dungeon crawler that never stops giving. The sheer amount of items in this game makes it a never ending joyride. Im approaching about 200 hours of play and have discovered barely halve of the wonky item synergies that can be experienced. Challenging yet not punishing, binding of isaac is my top pick for 2014"
76561198093243760,Recommended,250900,15655417,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Takodo,"A great little game, really great value for money and a good time sink. Got 15 mins to kill? The bindings of Isaac! He is always crying though which is kinda a bummer. Reminds me of the first time I caught my ex cybering with other people online. After it happened a few more times, I eventually got numb to the pain, but then we broke up. I am now single if anyone is interested. You can add me and send me a message."
,Recommended,250900,12852546,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sharkmare Moon,"When i preorderd it i thought it's a sequel.When i started it i was confused.When i played it i got addicted.can't write, need to play more."
,Recommended,250900,29443820,Posted: 23 January,all,ClickBait,Best Hours of Fun I've ever had sitting at my PC
76561198054165563,Recommended,250900,13772890,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Andy Master Of The 7 Sins,Best game of 2014 for me.It just never get old.0/10.
,Recommended,250900,13048229,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Warrior Koala Bear,Alright! this game is an extreme upgrade to the first game..basically it has the same story from the first game but now the gameplay has been innovated into a bunch of different ways and there is new items and bosses and enemys as well. Now this game is super addicting i have played 20 ish hours in the first two weeks of release...i can't get enough. I love challenging games especially one's like this where if you die you can't call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you know you made a mistake..all in all it's very fun..graphics are much cooler than the first one..i feel like it fits the game more...and if you want to do really good in this game use the character Azazel..♥♥♥♥ing OP. Final Verdict is a strong 9/10..and it is worth the 17.00 Price Tag considering it's addictive qualities.
,Recommended,250900,16700812,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Notility,i love this game its like you gain anger from being killed but then you take your anger out on others :) thanks for making this game!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198068006945,Recommended,250900,26100595,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Thick Cat,love it ;)
,Recommended,250900,24678570,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Glitched Hotdog,"if you loved the original flash game you will adore thisis smoother and fancier, the mechanics are better and the combinations are amazing"
,Recommended,250900,13167380,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Chayse,makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥erect
76561198056462343,Recommended,250900,27919210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Badm'n,Nominated for the 'Love Hate Relationship' award
,Recommended,250900,12791562,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,RoX,"It's everything I loved about the first Isaac and more!!! Everything about this game has been improved. From the insane 4 billion (literally!) different randomly generated levels and new layouts (you can even replay any one of them, thanks to seeding), the addition and improvements of the fiendish enemies from the mind of Edmund, the crazy range of power ups and power downs... and best of all,NO FLASH!!!!The controls combined with the frame rate make this so smooth and easy to play, no lag or slowing, hit detection is spot on, the game engine is a billion times better! This is how Isaac was intended to be played!OverviewGameplay:Dark Rogue-Like Twin Stick Arena Shooter.Graphics:Good but I'm not really a fan of the low res. for Edmunds character design. The one thing I did like about the Flash programming of the last Isaac was how the characters all looked like drawings. Please do not get me wrong, I still love the character designs, new level layouts, mutations, etc... I just wish it looked more like the hand drawn art work of Edmund McMillen.Sound:Absolutely Brilliant!Controlls:Awesome! No more Joy2Key!!!Replayability:OMG YES!!! - With 4 billion different possible seeded runs, I'll be putting in more hours into Rebirth than its predecessor (which currently stands at over 200 hours).Overall:10/10 - I don't care about the low res, this is everything I've asked for and more! Thank you Edmund and team!!Sorry, this review is so short but I wanna get back to playing...  besides, why are you sitting there reading reviews? This is the 'New and Improved Isaac 2.0', add it to your cart and play it already!""What other 614 games? Rebirth is all I need!""-Rox"
76561198100483626,Recommended,250900,24657966,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,jörg,This game provides for constant entertainment. It's a very good game to spend a little bit of time on or a lot of time on.I highly recommend this game for everyone. It has probably one of the highest replay values of any game because of what it is. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,250900,16323561,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mr_COMix,"one of the best investments i ever made on steam. its a must have, hours of fun and continous play :)"
,Recommended,250900,27388856,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tispe,350+ hours on this game!
,Recommended,250900,15657492,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,GoGo de Sica,"""AbrahamMomstretched outhisherhand and took the knife to slayhisherson.""Genesis 22:10Edmund 4:20"
,Recommended,250900,16310527,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Andypandy R,"Thought I would never beat this game ... finally did , now I'm hopelessly addicted and trying to beat it all over again, the combination of all the different items and the different effects is nothing short of mind blowing. If you have a life dont play this game ... because won't have one after you start it.One of the best ( if not the best) indie games ever made. 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13585695,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cyanzx,"Very good game, yes"
76561197992971571,Recommended,250900,17864488,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,76561197992971571,"Go from naked, crying child crawling through a basement to a Real Platinum God...crawling through a basement.In only 280 hours.If only life was as simple.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14305494,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,thenotoriousbkp,had this game for free on PS4...had to buy it hear because its so amazing i felt guilty playing it for free.
76561198056480321,Recommended,250900,28562619,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Khasinth,"Can somebody help me, I am not sure where my life went."
,Recommended,250900,27328944,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrBunni ¯\(ツ)/¯,Gucci game fam
,Recommended,250900,25945314,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ladysunshine,This game is so much fun and so addictive. I have a very hard time walking away from this game.
,Recommended,250900,26778490,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Crimson,Both the most twisted and most glorious game I've ever played. Addictive as ♥♥♥♥.10/10
,Recommended,250900,29540210,Posted: 28 January,all,OmnislashVII,Countless hours of gameplay. A must buy regardless of your particular taste. This game is just awesome. Period.
,Recommended,250900,13808574,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Are U Salty?,"Already a fan of the original Binding of Isaac, I can't be more satisfied of this remake: better graphics, more objects, more monsters, more synergies!For people like me who bought the first game in a bundle for few pennies, this is 10€ well invested: if you like roguelike games, you will have more than 100 hours of play just to unlock every success. This remake also offers more variety in gameplay: some characters are easier to play and the Hard mode with a new hidden character makes the game almost impossible.The only con I have in mind is about the sound: even though musics are great, they are less diversified than in the original game. Sound are better integrated though and the overall mood is darker.And last but not least: poop physics!"
,Recommended,250900,13373778,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[TS] Satah,Gr8 Game M8 I r8 8/8
,Recommended,250900,27942759,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,antique archibald,boo ♥♥♥♥idy hoo ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250900,14765714,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,quazzius,"endless, randomly generated, challenging, hilaious gameplay that takes me back to the days of Robotron"
,Recommended,250900,23500714,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,GankdalfTheGrey,"Fantastic, incredibly rewarding, nice storyline and great gameplay too. Pick it up!"
,Recommended,250900,12827185,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,poop,Cry on poop. Poop bursts. A man's beating heart is in poop. Eat it. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12998037,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,CheeseQk,Great game!
,Recommended,250900,22984139,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Stenite Rose,This game has been the basis of what I pkay for the past 3 weeks.  It nevers fails to suprise you.  Definitely recommend this game.  Buy it ASAP!
,Recommended,250900,16314215,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,diego,"Such an amazing game! If you liked the first then you're going to LOVE this remake! The Music's style is alot different than the first but it's still very good! The Gameplay feels alot more smoother and better in this one, and the pixel look is charming! Definetly worth the buy!"
,Recommended,250900,19623453,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,XJes6,It's really addicting and difficult. but it's great!
,Recommended,250900,23054554,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,xanthemaree,"1000/10, would play again.and againand again"
,Recommended,250900,19600889,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,cunt,Yes.
,Recommended,250900,13909304,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Spermlighter,Best game ever! 10 of the 10! But only hadrcore!:D
,Recommended,250900,14062088,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,JustPlainLucky,I can't wait to throw another 100 hoursof my life away when the expansion drops.10/10
,Recommended,250900,22136709,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,carlob,help
76561198272669774,Recommended,250900,23074485,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jonah'sWhaleWatchTour,It's good
,Recommended,250900,23263393,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Mmmmmm,Watching a movie: 10 bucks for like 2 hoursBuying Isaac and Afterbirth and not getting too sick of it: 36 bucks for like 1000 hoursBut you gotta giiiiit guuuuud
76561198080958019,Recommended,250900,23329092,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mathster,"Well i must say i was not dissapointed buying this game. Your first thoughts may be \""hmm this game looks like some kids crap with all that poop\"", but it got some sick deeper meaning. Not only the story is good, but everything about it is fantastic. A solid 10/10 from me. Best indie game out there."
,Recommended,250900,23989277,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,rylan,"I usually never do REAL reviews, but, for this game, I'm going to do one, because I liked it so much.The Binding Of Isaac: Rebirth is a remake of the original game, The Binding Of Isaac, which was released in 2011. (I think.)This game adds on to what the old game did, like adding new items and achievements.The game has plenty of characters to go around, each one being unique in their own way.Most bosses are the same, considering this is a remake, but, they are also unique, whether they bounce around or sit in place and shoot at you.The story is interesting, but short, but, that can be made up with the gameplay and the overall feel of the game.This game does have controller support, and does work with most USB controllers, like Xbox and PlayStation controllers. (And if i'm not mistaken you can use old controllers like the SNES controller?This game is very replayable, as the basements change every time you die.This game is amazing, especially paired with the Afterbirth DLC. (Which I do not have sadly.) I would definitely recommend you buy it over the original, but, thats your choice. :P"
76561198145903667,Recommended,250900,23133125,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,LadyValhalla,Awesome game! Would recommend to anyone. Its fun and keeps you playing for a long time. worth every penny.10/10
,Recommended,250900,13288637,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,s3thFPS,"The best thing about anygame I have ever played in the past is the amount of replayability and that's why this game dominates. Even after beating it several times, the want to keep on going with a new mission is unreal. I CAN'T STOP PLAYING!!!!!10/10 Game, must have."
76561198047995076,Recommended,250900,13843682,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Koro-Sensei,"THe Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, when my friend first showed me the original game i didn't think much of it, after play this game i have to say it is worth the money. I got it when it was on sale but, if i had to buy it at full price i would. Manily this game truly gives you a source of accomplishment once you have made it to the end only to find out there is more to accomplish. And with the dungeon layout being different evertime it make for a great challenge. You may find yourself raging out many time cause you got a bad power up or something caused you to die. Believe me I found my self doing this many times, but I always found my self coming back to it. The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is an amazing game and i would recommend it all the way."
,Recommended,250900,21266404,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sumirekt,"Everything about the original game is turned up to eleven here. But with more items, characters, and bosses, comes higher  difficulty. This game is super hard, but it isn't unfairly hard. It's controls are tight and responsive, and all the items are fairly well balanced. Some items are rarer than others so you won't always get a fantastic build. And wow, the possibilities for runs is endless. I have a lot of hours in to this game, and not once have I had two runs that were even close to being alike. This game never gets stale. And it's a great price, well worth the hundreds of hours of entertainment. However, one thing that might push people away is some of the, how we say, graphic content. Blood, gore, attempted child murder, suicide, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lazers, etc. If any of that is too apauling, you might not enjoy it. But if you can get past that, it's a game that'll keep you playing for that grand achievement of 1001%! Oh yeah, and the Afterbirth expansion is fantastic too, but I sugest you get acquainted with the game before buying it, as it makes the game even harder.9.6/10 Highly Recommend"
,Recommended,250900,28666263,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TrisyPunk,500+ hours on record. Need I say more?
,Recommended,250900,27819818,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WHO DID THIS?!,Simply one of my favourite games.
,Recommended,250900,20460168,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,bondrewd's friendly elevator,♥♥♥♥ bloat♥♥♥♥ ragman♥♥♥♥ the haunt♥♥♥♥ the lost♥♥♥♥ everything about this game11/10
,Recommended,250900,26983550,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,saffay,I can't quit you.
76561198044473809,Recommended,250900,28885236,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Metesaker,11/10 would play it over and over again
,Recommended,250900,14410804,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Party Boy,I killed Satan with a fetus that calls airstrikes.420/10 would hard scope satan again
,Recommended,250900,19664116,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,The Maddocktor,"Binding of Isaac: rebirth is not just your average dungeon crawler. It elabourates on the original to make a perfect homage to great games like the original Legend of Zelda, but y'know with Biblical history thrown in for fun.The game might as well be the definition of 'replay value' simply how you have thousands of hours into the game and never play the same game once.Don't just read me talk about the game! Let's look at the game as a whole.You are crying brat who fights kills his mom, Satan, Jesus Christ and even himself.Talk about a quality plot."
76561198086876665,Recommended,250900,27242382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sanguria,"I am a Boulder and I find this game morally reprehensible to Boulders everywhere. The mechanic of putting down bombs to destroy rocks, or in some instances, the destruction of Rocks by prepubescent human feet speaks volumes on the boulderophobic society that this games blasts out. I went into this game thinking that it would be a simple game that me and my pebbles could play together, but after witnessing the violent manner that rocks are treated in this game, I had to console my pebbles as they cried. No rock should have to deal with these injustices, and I am lodging a complaint with the NAABP, and I hope that these devs learn that Boulder lives should not be so carelessly subjected to discrimination."
76561198071805901,Recommended,250900,17342022,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Pxl Dust,Rebirth: not even once
,Recommended,250900,17633706,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mkbsecret,Rate: 9.6/10Awesome remake of the original TBoI. Love the massive amount of characters especially The Lost.........even though I can't get past The Womb with him. The game's soundtrack is amazing too. I love playing through seeds that I find online and I also love how every playthrough is different. I love playing this game when I have time to spare and I recommend this game to anyone who loves the Legend of Zelda franchise. If you are thinking about getting this game but you aren't sure check out some playthroughs on Youtube. Also check out  my original review for TBoI.
76561198048261560,Recommended,250900,17628420,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,davejtapp,"Really rather good.I have 300 hours in this and still play regularly dude to each time being a unique experience.This game is like an onion, it has layers. The more you play and find combinations of items, the more your strategy evolves to try and maximise your chances of winning/having more fun. Whether you are looking to min-max each run, or embrace the wackiness of your run."
,Recommended,250900,13359040,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,TakameJohn,"It's been a long time since I reviewed a game, so this time, I'm going to review The Binding of Isaac Rebirth. First off, what is The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth? Well, good question. This game is basically a remake of The Binding of Isaac but with 16 bit graphics, 60 fps gameplay, new characters, new bosses, new items and a lot more. As you may or may not know, due to the flash plug-in's limitations, the original Binding of Isaac couldn't handle more than 30 fps and had some slow down issues once in a while. Well, now that's fixed! 24/7 60 fps as adverstised.I'm going to assume you haven't played the original version yet so here's a quick summary of the story without spoiling much: Isaac is an ordinary boy living in a house with his mother. One day, his mother hears ""a voice from above"" stating that her son is corrupted with sin and needs to be saved. Following the voice, his mother(probably insane) takes away all his toys, pictures, game console and even his clothes. She then hears he voice again asking her that Isaac must be rid of all the evil in the world, so she locks him in his room. Again she hears the voice, but this time it questions her devotion and requests that she sacrifice her son. She grabs a kitchen knife and walks to Isaac's door. Unbeknownst to her, Isaac was watching so he panics and jumps down his basement door, starting the game.Story aside, I'll tell you what the game is like. It's a bullet hell-esque game with rogue like elements. You gain access to items that can upgrade your tears, do something to you, or a usuable item. It's a very fun game that people who played the original and people who didn't play the original will love. At this point, you're probably asking yourself: ""Should I buy this game if I have the original?"" In my honest opinion, yes it's worth it. It's an overall improved version of the game with new changes and mechanics. You can continue your run now without having to leave it paused all the time which is really a great new feature. It's still the same challenging game as the original since you never know what you'll encounter.Oh right, before I end this review I forgot to mention. If you're wondering what rogue-like means, it basically means that this game is randomly generated and no playthroughs are the same. So you have infinite replayability. Have fun! Overall a great damn game that you should buy whenever it goes on sale."
,Recommended,250900,13621432,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ERROR,"Quite the gem. Hours of endless replay (if you like the game that is). Not suited for everyone, but for those who enjoy rouge-likes and biblic refernces, this ones for you."
,Recommended,250900,16954388,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,#fuckbdo,This is the only game that has ever inspired me to go for 100% achievements.
,Recommended,250900,28873901,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Yoshimaster108,The Binding of Isaac Rebirth is my all time favourite game even though I haven't played it as much as some other people I do have a lot of fun when I play it so if you can I recommend you buy it and If you wanna go the extra mile get afterbirth!It Has alot of great content too!!
,Recommended,250900,15266682,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Harpmony,"This game is fun, insane, full of crazy things you would never expect, and a very variating difficulty; you will be doing the equivalent of wrestling agains Zeus before you know it.However, as hard as this game might be, nothing in this game is impossible. You may burst into rage, but you will complete it.Buy this, stop reading and do it."
,Recommended,250900,27536221,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Eddie McGee,Dis game be so cray cray !!
,Recommended,250900,17275897,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Pillar o Hats,Brimstone + Spoon Bender. That is all
,Recommended,250900,13327895,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,~|CoS|~ WelshExecutioner,"I have played a lot - and I mean A LOT - of Rebirth offline, and it has definitely risen above every expectation I've had. Gameplay and graphics are smooth, it's definitely reminiscent of the original Isaac, the new items offer fantastic synergies with the older ones, and it never feels old or repetitive. I would strongly recommend that everyone gives at least one chance to this great game."
,Recommended,250900,12813180,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Rickem,This is an update to one of my favorite games of all time and I am beyond happy that it is finally here. Sunk about 7 hours into it in the last couple days and will put many many more in. You want bang for your buck? Here you go.
,Recommended,250900,13987306,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Null,good game
,Recommended,250900,13990072,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,calmoe,so gud 10/10
76561198034469485,Recommended,250900,13043873,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Powermonkey,"It is a remake rather than a sequel, but it's a remake of a game that deserved it.  The original was fantastic, and I feel that Rebirth is better in every way.  For the amount of time I've spent on this game, I've definitely gotten more than my money's worth."
76561198065719396,Recommended,250900,13964778,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ordinary,so good
,Recommended,250900,12791394,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,***,not better than first game but you can fight a poop 10/10
,Recommended,250900,13932205,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ҝ ʀ ʏ ғ ғ ɪ ɴ,"A very good arcade game, a better HD version of the first game with a lot more items, monsters, bosses, etc... Very good if you got 5-10 minutes to burn before going out or whatever."
,Recommended,250900,13951066,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,B-CHaOs,"He muero de la forma más ridicula, más irritante, más destructiva que al juego se pueda ocurrir, pero tambien he tenido momentos donde he dominado el juego, y los numeros estuvieron de mi lado.Debo agregar que no todo es suerte, la habilidad para esquivar bichos, balas, y el conocimiento de que tan bien se combinan los items ayudan.El juego te forja, te hace mejor y te destruye.Este juego la rulea."
,Recommended,250900,13189387,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mr.Dot,A fun christian game where you can cry on rainbow colored feces. 10/10
76561197966650417,Recommended,250900,13920551,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Notorious KGB,FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!!Restart.
76561198103487651,Recommended,250900,13370369,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,CMDR Shven,"Steam needs more good, wholesome, family-friendly games like this with strong Christian values."
,Recommended,250900,12808407,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Pitpat,"I don't know that I have ever had a more emotional connection with a game until I opened up Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, watched the redone introduction and I was then thrown to the main menu, with Isaac sitting under the spotlight and the new menu music was playing. I sat there, mouth agape, just staring, for maybe minutes. It all rushed into my head at once. All those memories of the first game. That first time I beat a boss, when I got polyphemus, When I beat mom for the first time, when I beat Mom's heart for the first time after dying with the ankh and unlocking the D6 by accident. When I beat Isaac, after 6 more defeats and unlocked the polaroid. When I beat Blue-Baby and finally 'beat' the game, but that wasn't the end of it. My achievement hunter instincts kicked in and I HAD to get platinum god. So many defeats, Dark Boy, Mama's boy, all those maggy runs. But finally, after 150+ hours, my final cain run unlocked me Platinum god. I was happy, filled with elation of that I had never felt before. And now, after wading through months of mystery and hype, I was finally sitting here, met with the final product.It was beautiful.It met my expectations and then shot right past them.I love this game.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,12825913,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kr Mentels,The more I play the more I realise how ♥♥♥♥ed up this game is. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12792646,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,earlbrownie,"Loved the original game to pieces and this gaem does do nothing to tarnish that record at all. Main improvements involve:-60 fps (smooth as hell!)-more items-more enemies/bosses/aides-more endings/levels/chellenges-big rooms are insane and add a whole new level to game design-from what I've seen item combos have been redone and all combos have been considered-the little animations for things being destroyed (e.g. poop now properly squishes when fired at)-the difficulty of the game has been drastically increased (as a seasoned player this adds a new level to the game to have your shots often be the death of you)-new sounds and music (not the best improvement but that's cos I've been listening to the same tracks for over 200 hours of gametime so cant really complain)-Generally the new feel about it and the idea to improve what was out there already-------------------In summary, the game is the same and entirely different: is has the same ethos behind the idea and the same fear of death as the original but the new graphics/sounds/monsters/items/systems/music/rooms/endings/floors/animations/combos make it that fantastic and fresh new game that everyone has been wanting for a while now10/10 - would definitely reccommend this to anyone really!:-D"
76561198042405870,Recommended,250900,12795807,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,78thrown,Playing a naked boy crying on poop. Must buy.
,Recommended,250900,12816243,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,C    L    I    F    F,UNREAL GAME.Fetuses Everywhere.
,Recommended,250900,12911449,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Termynator,This is the last thing I need.
76561198002272304,Recommended,250900,12796519,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Pinky,"If you enjoyed Binding of Isaac then you will love Rebirth.  The game runs smoother, more items, levels, enemies, more of everything that made the original awesome"
,Recommended,250900,12793327,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Graf Zahl,"The Rebinding of IsaacJust made some first few runs and I already beat mom!As far as I can tell there is a ton of new content.There are new rooms (also big ones that scroll), special rooms (I got a very powerful flie buddy in a room locked with chains), monsters (poo enemys!), bosses, items, challenges, playable characters etc.The graphics are dark and gory pixel-art-awesomness and the music is very fitting. The new sound effects are an improvement over the original as well. Therefore, the overall atmosphere is far more intense.Also the game now runsvery smoothly(finally!) and supports controller input.If you liked the original there isn't anything not to love here.This is a polished and extended version of the original.In many ways, it's what the game should have been in the first place.Only thing I didn't like so far:There is no audio feedback when dropping a bomb."
,Recommended,250900,12792904,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,deadward,Good old Isaac with a new twist.It's amazing!
76561198051138273,Recommended,250900,13149108,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MisterLovins™,"This game oh this game coming from a veteran of the BOI craze i found out about this game and rejoyced the first day to pre order i sent steam my $10 within the first hour you could send money. The gaem itself is like BOI but  better it runs off a real game engine not Adobe Flash, teh soundtrack is one of the best ive heard to date, and the gameplay is smoother than ever with almost all computer being able to run this. This game is your typical rougelike top down shooter with a sadistic twist with the main plot playing of Abraham from the Bible.The game has a sick and twisted sense of humor coming from a mad genius Edmund McMillan. This game alone has sucked more than a day of my life and the orginal took a whole week in game hours its worth every penny and is one of my favorite games to play in my downtime and best of all no internet required just dont play in mass public people will think your ♥♥♥♥ed up as this game is killing your mother, her heart inside her uterus with your tears. All in all Rebirth is a gem that deserves the hype is has recieved 10/10 would bang again."
,Recommended,250900,15300362,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Sean,This is one of my favorite games and it has amazing replayablity. This is worth your money.
,Recommended,250900,16147107,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Spubeard,Depressed baby's who shoot lethal tears? 10/10 would play 250+ hours again.
,Recommended,250900,14499303,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,EnergyApples,I have no life due to this game.10/10 would recommend.
76561198085979679,Recommended,250900,15458710,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,nyquil,"This is an amazing game. The RNG causes you to be able to have the greatest range of builds, from a complete pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥all the way to being able to kill most bosses in one hit."
,Recommended,250900,14932773,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,LordDio,One of the best games i have ever played.10/10
76561198057943079,Recommended,250900,14397938,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SheepSoniX,"Bigger. Better. Sacrifice Room still sucks, but the game is still tons of fun.~(10/10)"
,Recommended,250900,15471343,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Garirry,"I originally bought the first game for 5$, and quite frankly, it was okay. Nothing bad, but nothing spectacular either. Rebirth was on sale and I heard good things from the game so I decided to buy it and I was amazed by how much better this is. Fast-paced action, much more replay ability, and I can finally play in full screen.About the game itself, it's a RNG-based game with an overlay Zelda-like dungeon view. By that, I mean that the whole game is randomly generated every time you start a new one. One game usually lasts about 30 to 1 hour, but if you die, you are brought back to the menu. You can also unlock different characters by accomplishing certain challenges, unlock new items that can appear in the dungeon, and you can even unlock challenges, which let you play the game in a different way (having a laser only, being heavy but defensive, etc.).Overall, this game is great and much more enjoyable than the first one. It also finally has official controller support, not a big deal for me, but may be useful for other players. You can jump right into this one, the story is also the same as in the previous game, so there's nothing important in the first game that you need in order to enjoy this one.Should you buy it? Yes, definitely. However, I'll warn you that if you dislike randomly-generated games, you may enjoy it less. If you're still skeptical, wait till a sale or something and buy it then. You probably won't regret it."
76561198057538649,Recommended,250900,15488809,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,MrKJ,Game is 10/10
,Recommended,250900,13255902,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,^shaedeY,"The first thing you will probably ask yourself when you look at this game is; ""Is it really worth $15.00?""YesI played The Binding of Isaac for a while after it came out. That game was fun, but even with the expansion, I got bored of it quick.The new, remastered version of the game has so much more to offer.Tons of new secrets, probably almost 5 times more items, tons of new enemies, bosses, a new floor, new endings.You might also look at this game and say ""The graphics look horrid compared to the original."" You really do need to play this a little bit to get used to the new style, but it is so much better. The thing about this is that there is so much more that Edmund (and Nic) can offer. They are no longer limited to the little they could do in Flash. There is no longer any FPS drops due to Flash, even on a not-so-great computer, you can play this for hours on end, and still be able have decent or even great FPS.There will be expansions to this, as Edmund has said (I don't know how many, but I know they are already planning the first), and the community will have more of a say to what is going to be added than the team actually creating the game.This game will be played for years as its original has, and still is.I hope you can push yourself to buy it, though I can tell a lot of you are hesitant to do so, and have a great time as I have and so many others have as well."
,Recommended,250900,14661825,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Star Platinum,"For those who played the original Binding of Isaac, and by played I mean gave time to it and loved it for what it is, just don't think. Buy this game now. It's much better, bigger, satisfying. And it can be modded with the original soundtracks.For those who haven't played the original, here's the thing. The Binding of Isaac is a roguelike, with all the meaning of the word. Randomly generated runs, check. Permadeath, check. It will challenge your reflexes, it will challenge your ability of making correct decisions. Sometimes it will make you so powerful you really feel invincible. Other times it will just laugh at you, watching you struggle. But the thing with this game is that victory is never granted. You may have a great item combo, wrecking everything in your path, but if you're too reckless and overconfident, you'll end up throwing your great run. This game challenges yourself.Then we recieved The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. Rebirth is a remake of the original Binding, but with more items, more enemies, more bosses, more playable characters, more literally everything. Edmund really put so much work on this one, along with Nicalis, and once more he didn't fail us. He made an already perfect game into a perfecter one (yes, that's now a word).First, there's the gameplay.RPG-shooter roguelike, executed wonderfully. It is just marvelous. Especialy with a controller. You might find it hard to adjust to at first, but when you do, you'll enjoy every single bit of it. As you get more experienced to what you can do, things will be more within your grasp than before. Let's say, sprinting bosses or bullet hell battles, they might seem difficult at first. But this game is made so as you get more experience and know the handling of the controls, you will be able to overcome them. Maybe not easily, but you will.The new OSTs.Well, personaly I do prefer the vanillia ones by Danny Baranowsky, but the ones Ridiculon made for Rebirth are great as well. You can place the vanillia OSTs in the game files to have them playing istead of the new ones anytime, though.The new graphics.At first, when we had just previews of the remake, I thought the new bit graphics wouldn't be as good as the old ones. Then, time passed, and Rebirth came out. I was in front of my PC that exact moment the ""Pre-load"" button converted into ""Play"", and of course I clicked it immediately. My mind wasn't on the graphics at that point, being so excited, but of course I would notice them. I expected something not-good-as-the-original graphics. Then I started my first run and, hell, I was amazed by how well created the new graphics were. It has a old-school kind of feeling, which really is great to the eye. So, right then, while I was playing, I made my mind: new graphics>old graphics. Now I can't even get used to the way the original Binding looked.There is a setting to turn the graphics to less pixelated, but I can't play with that on, seems so blurry to me. I'm now used to the pixel, bit graphics and I absolutely love them.And now, the lore.At first you'll think ""Wait, does this game evenhavelore, apart from the intro?"". The answer is ""Yes, it does"", and a deep one too. The lore in the Binding is executed really,reallywell that it becomes one of the major pros of the game. It might take you a long time (depending on how much you play each day) to find most pieces of the story, and in the end you might need to search YouTube and Reddit for the most stable theories out there. But when you do, you won't be disappointed. In fact, you'll figure out that you've been playing a game that isn't just about a naked crybaby trying to fight through his mother's horrible basement. I don't want to spoil anything, so I won't analyze the lore here, but get ready for one of the most well-built and structured lores in history.So, long story short. Here we go.ProsMuch, much,muchmore contentGreat gameplay, bonus from the full compatibility with controllers.Guide on how to connect Sixaxis controllers with WindowsGreat OSTs, but replaceable with the old ones.How to mod the vanillia soundtracks inGreat artwork, better than the oldGreat lore, but it might really need some research on the internet to understandGreat item synergiesLocal co-op, with many co-op babiesSeeds to play the same run as your friend(s)Built in a new engine, as Flash had many limitations and bugs3 save slots (yeah, it's really something)Able to resume your run if you exit the game without ending it firstConsSleep deprievingAddictingRidiculously amazing that it will make you compare it to other roguelikes, the result being them losing the comparisonReally, how the hell can't Edmund even disappoint us with his work?Now with a new DLC/expansion coming, that will add dozens of new things in the game. Really, I don't know what I expect from my life anymore.Just stop right here. Scroll right up. Buy this right now. You will not be disappointed."
76561198132636436,Recommended,250900,16087165,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,bronte61,this is my favourite game on steam at the moment. Really easy controls and great story. Love it!
,Recommended,250900,12863890,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,BALLISTIC AUTISM,"Great Game! Lots of improvement from the last.Pros:-Doesnt lag-Good Graphics and Effects-Moar Items, Bosses, etc.-Fun to replay-Good backstory-Amazing SoundtrackCons:-Trailer is creepy as HELL-Maps and Hearts take up room on screen-Price"
,Recommended,250900,16250018,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,karl,<3
76561198135156950,Recommended,250900,13941758,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bayer G. Milton,Can't stop playing!Really brillient game
,Recommended,250900,24109939,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Snowbiscuit,Buy it
,Recommended,250900,13351935,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,CoppyCarCorrin,ISAAC ES SO KAWAII I LUV THIS GAME SO MUCH I 1V1 MONSTRO BOBS BRAIN WIN EVERY TIME
,Recommended,250900,16662823,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,dogbomb,"Quite possibly the greatest game ever created (or at least in the top 666). Replayability is through the roof. It's dark, funny, and shrot enough to give you that ""just one more go"" feeling.Buy it. Then buy it again for your friends."
,Recommended,250900,16581196,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AKZz,Amazingly addictive yet rewarding.
76561198083478846,Recommended,250900,16710986,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,supersonic64,it's fun but has problems because i'm lazy i'm just gonna make a pro and con listPROS:fast pacedkind of a bullet hell (but not really)the face on the shoopdawoop itemreplayablitydifficult (which might be a bad thing for some)slightly humorusreally fun bosses (exept the ♥♥♥♥ing haunt)CONS:NEEDING a key to go to a shopalmost inpossible to completereally really gorey and poopy (in the feces matter)plain weird in an embarrasing wayall in all really good and solid game 9/10
,Recommended,250900,16713452,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,bad vibes ☻,"If you've played the first Binding of Isaac and enjoyed it, I feel it's worth the asking price for the ""upgrade"", as I feel there is enough content and changes in gameplay to justify it.  Each playthrough is different, and changes each time you ""beat"" the game, or unlock other secrets.  The gameplay itself is extremely rewarding, allowing you to demonstrate skill based play, as none of your deaths feel cheap, but instead feel like you got outplayed."
,Recommended,250900,16721467,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sloth,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a game were a mother tries to kill her son because God told her to, or did he?I LOVED this game because you can go from looking like a naked crying child to a golden dressed boyMidas' Touchwith a top-hatEpic Fetuswhich allowes you to fire air strikes which obliterate anything in your path. This game also has everything a good game needs, in me opinion; it has RNG, from items to rooms to enemies, great art style, from girls firing their breast milk at a crying child to looking like the most kawaii cat of all. The game leaves you open ended right at the beginning, from when you are shocked at the opening video, to the end of the game were you wonder did satan influence his Mum? What is this fatherly figure? What struggles did Ed go through as a child? This game is also based on Edmund Mcmillen's childhood.I would rate this game 10/10 for I cannot think of any way that this game could be inproved."
,Recommended,250900,16604389,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BilboB2,This is an excellent game. You can play it for so many hours. Buy it. It's good. Yeah.
,Recommended,250900,13502884,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,LexieIsMeh,Probably my favorite game that came out in 2014. So fun! Definitely worth every penny. c:
76561198014735455,Recommended,250900,16682886,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sye,literally hundreds of hours in this and the previous version of this game. I can't recommend this game enough.
76561197997550665,Recommended,250900,16231830,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tsuki,"I haven't played a lot of this.But I have literally watched all 534 episodes of Northernlion playing this [as of 6th June 2015, also not counting the 970~ episodes of WotL before  it].  Welcome to the Lion Pride!You want this game. It is great and near endless fun, soon with an expansion to add even more to it!"
76561198077446863,Recommended,250900,16285098,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,jitsmaster,"this game is 10/10 because it has so much playability to it. every time you play it is a whole new experence. another reason this game is great is because it is not a game for people that just spam or mash buttons, this is a game that requires lots of skills such as clutch dodging, fast reactions and concentration."
,Recommended,250900,16411389,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NunexTK™,I love this game. It can be really stress-relieving
76561198035320411,Recommended,250900,16474477,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dargoti,10/10 great game.
76561198148706820,Recommended,250900,16461136,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Agent Johnson,GNAR! 11/10
,Recommended,250900,16422473,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kekles,"One of the greatest games I have ever played. Simple, addicting, and new every time, I have played over 80 hours and I can honestly say I have never had two similar playthroughs. If you have played the original you will LOVE Rebirth, new characters, new bosses, new items, new levels, new endings, NEW EVERYTHING. And even if you haven't played the original this is still a great game, very simple concept with a very interesting combat system, every enemy has its own attack patterns and just when you think you know what will happen the game can throw a twist in and ruin even the most advanced players games. Pick this game up if you want a fun, addicting RPG like game for cheap, its an absolute must."
76561198060089965,Recommended,250900,16429096,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,OxytheMoron,replayability
76561198090250028,Recommended,250900,14022295,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Larkreck Halfskin,"Addictive, challenging, every run feels different. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,250900,16396126,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hunter S. Tompson,"Isaac, and his mother: lived in a small house on a hill. Isaac kept to himself, drawing pictures and playing with his toys as his mom watched Christian broadcasts on the television. Life was simple....that was until Isaac's mom heard a voice from above!"
76561198178656291,Recommended,250900,16432605,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,codybrewton97,"this is a very good game, every runs is different and its one heck of a challenge"
,Recommended,250900,16433059,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lumpy,"You play as a little boy running around in your mom's ♥♥♥♥♥♥, crying on monsters.Later on in the game, you have the choice of killing either yourself, or satan.10/10, would kill my own mom and get cancer again"
,Recommended,250900,16203769,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,´FRiiGO <# skinhub.com,"Good game, alot of fun and really time consuming!"
76561198045335329,Recommended,250900,16191123,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,cormac-duffy,It's well good
,Recommended,250900,14744959,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,JAMES BONG  AGENT 420,10 outta 10. all i can say ;]
,Recommended,250900,13232504,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,mwbardi,"Amazing art style and endless possible ways to keep playing, 10/10."
,Recommended,250900,13233781,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Coffee,It's like the first BoI if it was fixed and had a crap ton more content. I highly reccomend it to people who like rouge-like games especially.
,Recommended,250900,13236900,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,xD,I found poop in a pile of poopBEST GAME EVER!!
76561198094663276,Recommended,250900,13243611,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,lolzax,"Great game, great gameplay, great everything! 10/10 Would recommend :P"
,Recommended,250900,12791799,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,xxxbenno,beat the game on first run. ez game wasn't even trying
,Recommended,250900,13137047,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Joseppi,"It's a bullet based roguelike with a HUGE amount of replayability. There are a large number of unlockables, from items to characters to bosses. The item pool itself is absolutely massive and the synergies between items can range from bitter painful to hilariously overpowered. The enemies and bosses are technically sound and force you to employ different strategies to adjust to different situations. It's challenging, but with a bit of skill and experience, nearly every run is winnable.From a technical standpoint, the controls are very tight and the game is very optimized. You can have an absolute horde of enemies, familiars, and and items on screen and you will get no slowdown. I have only seen one bug myself, and it solved itself within a room (familiar [dark bum] disappeared for a room, though I had infestation 2/brimstone/was guppy and likely had 100+ spiders and flies on screen).I played the original Binding of Isaac, but didn't get a ton of enjoyment out of it. It was a fun game, but it was poorly optimized and had slowdown issues for a lot of rooms. Furthermore, it was lacking in terms of enemy diversity and item synergy. Rebirth has addressed all the issues I had with the first one, and added more than I could've hoped for. They have added new mechanics, challenge modes, new characters, new levels, new enemies, new bosses, overhauled the endgame, and a slew of other improvements over the original.If I had one complaint about it, I'd say that it's a bit too consistently 'easy' now. That's not to say the game is easy, but in the original, dying was a seemingly bigger part of it.I can almost guarantee you'll get your money's worth out of it. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,250900,12954790,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DanRickardo,"I'm posting this review to simply say that I beat Ultra Pride on my first run :3And then beat the devil as guppy with brimstone and mutation 2. Cos you know, flies and spiders aren't overrated at all :3"
,Recommended,250900,12838358,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DatSlySpy,This game is very unique and that's what I like about it. Its worth every penny.
,Recommended,250900,13104516,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,l.hiver,PERFECT POV EXPERIENCE 10/10 I WOULD
,Recommended,250900,13187960,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,The Cock Genie,DIS BASEMENT'S A MESS
,Recommended,250900,13246731,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mr.Egghead,This game is very fun to play and there is a lot of things to do in the game. It is a true test of skill and wit.
,Recommended,250900,13235099,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,TormentedSalad (Dan),Fantastic game much better than the original great for anyone regardless if you played the first one or not :)
,Recommended,250900,13245357,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Caligen,Best purchase I've ever made.
,Recommended,250900,12792323,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,impullsss,I'm f*cking love this game! :3But sadly that co-op :(
76561198070775955,Recommended,250900,13269322,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,phish ☺,"Edmund is back with a new and improved stress and anxiety simulator.  I guarentee countless hours of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ clenching, easily worth $15 - even more worth the purchase if on sale.If you're looking to farm Eden tokens, play Azazel"
76561198037255184,Recommended,250900,13280681,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,killer095,"I must admit, I have  become a rather disillusioned gamer, especially in terms of the newest generation of console games. After playing so many disappointing games (Destiny and Evil Within, specifically), I am ecstatic to report that this game delivers on every promise it made. I was waiting for this release since I first heard about it in the summer, and I truly cannot express how overjoyed I am that this game is so expertly crafted and presented. Even though I've clock over 70 hours in the original ""The Binding of Isaac"" game, I can honestly say that this game has completely blown the previous edition out of the water. The controls are sharper, the hit-block's are more distinct, the added content changes the game in unique ways, the enemies are more aggressive and brutal, the bosses are more challenging, the rewards and achievements are all the more satisfying, literally everything about this remake makes many other sequels that have come out in recent years look like rushed garbage. If you are tired of triple A titles promising you the world and not delivering, or broken, incomplete rogue-like games that rely on so much indie hype or previously used nonsense, then this is your game. Despite putting countless hours in the original, I can honestly say that this has been a God-sent for me, and has rekindled my love of video games far more than any recent release in years. 11/10, must play for anyone that wants the most legitimate challenge since the original Dark Souls or the first ""The Binding of Isaac"".P.S. The addition of controller support makes this game so much better. A small investment of a wired Xbox controller makes this game leagues better."
,Recommended,250900,12803920,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Raxo,i have been hyping for this game for a half year now....it was worth it
,Recommended,250900,12796601,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ultimate Nachos,"cool game, but where is the co op?"
,Recommended,250900,12790710,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Forgetful Brain,"I spent over a hundred hours with the first Binding of Isaac, and still didn't come close to getting half the items or achievements (especially once the expansion dropped). The game was brutal as hell - unfortunately made even more difficult by the fact that there was no native controller support, and the game ran at a slideshow on my laptop, as soon as things got hectic (both thanks to the Flash coding of the game).First impressions of Rebirth: This is the Isaac you know and love, but better. The new pixel graphics certainly carry the old look - everything is still all♥♥♥♥♥♥ blood, and grime - but the slight pixel style gives it a look that's more crisp, and makes environmental objects like torches give off a vibrant spark that was lacking from the original. The fact that it's also coded properly now (see: not in Flash) means that it runs like a knife through butter at 60fps. Slap a controller into the mix, and the gameplay simply feels smooth, responsive, and just plain awesome. There's a new score, too, and I'm sure it will grow on me, though off the bat I do miss the original tracks a bit (but let's chalk that one up to nostalgia).No doubt I'll play this one for another hundred hours, or more, and still not come close to finding all the (new!) items, encountering all the rare (and new!) bosses, or clearing all the (new?) achievements - and I can't wait.If you missed out on the first Isaac, buy Rebirth. This is the definitive version of a game that launched countless imitators on Steam Greenlight, and beyond.Come now, Isaac. We've got tears to shed."
,Recommended,250900,13625340,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,African Space Jesus,my father told isaac's mother no such thingaside from that quarrel the game is truly amazingAfrican Space Jesus Aprooves11/10
,Recommended,250900,13653847,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Anbā yūutsu,this game is souly pay to win 1/10.
,Recommended,250900,13663759,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,HddnAce,"Like the original Isaac, its become one of my favorites; it's a nice game to play during a quick break. Each playthrough feels unique with the varying items you can discover and unlock. On top of that rebirth has new items, room variants, bosses, characters etc."
76561198035370729,Recommended,250900,12816062,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Raziel,"Have only clocked in just over 1 and a half hours with this game so far but my god it is awesome. Fantastic remake that runs better, looks better (in my opinion) and with boat-loads of new content. I seriously recommend this game to anyone who was a fan of the original, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,250900,13153125,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,JohnnyMaverik,"One of those games that's great to turn on and spend 30/40 mins with or a few hours. The original was always installed since purchase and this will be no different. Many improvements have been made, from graphics to gameplay and game design, great new content and would absolutely reccomend to anybody reguardless of whether or not they've played the original, this is the definitive version.Only bad points, as with the original, may frustrate people with a very sharp learning curve and fairly sharpe level of difficulty which has to be overcome to experiance anything approaching the full amount of content available."
,Recommended,250900,13164384,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ibun West,"I had extraordinarily high expectations going into this game as I absolutely adored Binding of Isaac. So combining the awesomeness of the original game with the talented people over at Nicalis and it's a recipe for greatness. So imagine my surprise when I start playing the game and find that it not only met my expectations; but exceeded them. Just like with the Wrath of the Lamb DLC, this game brings with it a host of new enemies, items, and bosses to enjoy, giving it even more depth than before. I put over 230 hours into the original game; but I expect to put even more into Rebirth, and that's probably the highest praise I can give.My only real complaint is that I didn't like the music as much as the original; but I would say that it's still fitting of the atmosphere. It favors atmosphere over catchy hooks, which is probably more appropriate; but less appealing to my personal taste."
,Recommended,250900,12793267,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Alex Dark Warmaster,The♥♥♥♥♥♥is killin me. Every time! best.game.ever
,Recommended,250900,12852506,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kibkane,10/10
,Recommended,250900,13804000,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RunninBlood,"An awesome game with extreme replay vlaue!I would say 9/10.Really hard to finish 100%, what makes it extra fun"
76561198160935468,Recommended,250900,13827915,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Creator #CarriedByLuck,Amazing game.. 10/10.. Must have..
76561198050413050,Recommended,250900,13687231,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,=M$= jjsyue,CHUB DISLIKES SMOKE!A great recommendation.
76561197997347184,Recommended,250900,13677063,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hardûn,"Did you like the original Binding of Isaac? Rebirth is more of that, with less bugs, less performance issues, and more content.Unless you have a serious issue with the art style (and even then that's a pretty watery excuse) Rebirth is the better game and it is always going to be worth it.Not played the original? No idea what you're getting into? Well then go buy the original, seriously it's like 99p in a sale, treat it as a demo for the basic gameplay and if you like what you see then buy Rebirth because it is the refined, dare I say definitive version of the game."
76561198129220401,Recommended,250900,13683637,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mr Outcast,"Great game, massive replay value."
76561198016178175,Recommended,250900,12803373,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bowen,Fantastic! Improves on the original in everyway. I think I'll easily surpass the 350hrs I put into the The Binding of Isaac
76561197984126505,Recommended,250900,13816235,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bodybag Buddy Beater,"One of the best, ""I have an hour to kill"" games out there. Sometimes you'll have an annoying run, and youll take a 10 minute break before you realize how fun another run sounds.The RNG is a little much with over 450 items in the game. But there is certainly skill involved as well, so you can only blame the RNG gods so much for any given run.There are so many different ways to enjoy this game, not only are there hundreds of items, but there are over half a dozen characters to play, dozens of enemies to fight, maybe 2 dozenish bosses, a number of different rooms, interesting engaging mechanics like secret rooms or rocks with items in them that make overlooking them one of the factors that can make the difference between a bad and a good run.Resource mangagment is also a fun way of making sure your runs are optimal; learning how to effeciently save your coins, keys, or bombs for any particular encounter is what makes you a better player.Despite the RNG giving you a ""meh"" run sometimes, you only have yourself to blame in some runs, What i really love about this game is learning how to play each run to its advantages and how to in turn play around its weaknesses."
,Recommended,250900,13816448,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,S U L L Y,I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198072810501,Recommended,250900,13820640,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,NickThePaolini,Good game 10/10 would reccomend. Reviewing for the achievement
,Recommended,250900,13219112,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,nbtrainor [Mister Salty],Really fun m8s
,Recommended,250900,13822340,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Iapphappy(PoGo login for sale),Loveing the game so far im not the best at it but it comes with time and patience
76561198087383671,Recommended,250900,12804557,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Oschi,Awesome!
76561198153520264,Recommended,250900,14475402,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Am I Ugly?,10/10
,Recommended,250900,13888668,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dillon,"Kill your mum, kill satan, kill your self. end"
,Recommended,250900,13882687,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,AAGTaub,Gameplay: tenoutatenReplay Value: tenoutatenArt Design: tenoutatenBeing dunked on by trites every single time: 0/10Would again do.
76561198094577651,Recommended,250900,13882624,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,MadLucky csgolive.com,I like this game pls DLCs and everybody have to buy it
,Recommended,250900,12791385,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,MANNIpulator,You are a naked baby on a quest to kill his mother. Why have you not bought this yet?
,Recommended,250900,12840762,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Light Yagami,Nekem Special Jobban Tetszik mint a Sima Isaac. :D
,Recommended,250900,15767952,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Goatson Ramsay,"This game is very dank, and filled with memes. R8 8/8 gr8 b8 m8, don't be l8, it's f8 you buy this game and please appreci8."
,Recommended,250900,19399001,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,smuTaZ,Love this game. Still waiting for Afterbirth+ :) 10/10
76561198141013234,Recommended,250900,19219392,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,colby161,This is the best game EVER!Nearly infinite replayability and a high level of challenge make this by far my favorite game I have ever played on steam.  (highly recommend the dlc)with hundreds of interesting items and item synergies to experience and randomly generated maps this game will never be boring.  Best game ever 10/10!
76561198058465147,Recommended,250900,12907428,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jewnny,Best game ever 10/10 would touch it a million times <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,250900,20414224,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,thegrandmexican,"Amazing game, witht a story you will wonder about but right away completely forget and stop caring about it! It is a game to play when you just feel like oplaying anything and just have fun overall. Though the music in the game is intense, I turn it down and just listen to my own music while I play the game, very entertaining! You can figure out how to counter the enemies, the game still figures out a way to ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up, which can make the game more challenging and different everytime you play. Best purhcase I have made on Steam! Perfect 5/7 would reccommend to everyone."
76561198113445043,Recommended,250900,20545934,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Mat,Its good. Would recommend taking cancer and killing your mom. heh
,Recommended,250900,12988330,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Actually Hex,"Let it be known that I didn't like the original binding of Issac. Well, I liked it enough to really enjoy watching other people play it, but not nearly enough to bother playing it myself. The reason for this was mostly because I believed that the game was crying out for controller support but, alas, did not have it.Clearly, this game fixes that problem completely which allowed me to finally give it a shot.If you've never played this game, buy it. It's worth every poop-covered penny.(updated for the steam awards badge)"
,Recommended,250900,12822832,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mr. Capital G,"It's awesome, this is The Binding of Isaac the way it was intended. The game runs smoothly no matter what insanity is happening on screen. There is simply more of everything; rooms, items, enemies, characters, etc. The is the king of roguelike games, a lot of other games have come after the original Binding of Isaac but they really don't hold a candle to this game. You can have a fricken laser eye! :D Okay that's not new but its still awesome!This game is still awesome, that will never change."
,Recommended,250900,21675539,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Magici1,"Just one of my best game !I already completed it on PS4, but with the Afterbirth extension, I'm currently trying to get every achievement on Steam version.Don't think twice : buy it and play it !One more thing, don't be nervous, you will succeed, even if you will have to try many many times with each character to beat all the bosses :)I cannot wait for Afterbirth +, I will play it for sure with the final goal : unlock everything ! (And maybe restart the game on other save slot...)"
76561198194624021,Recommended,250900,24201418,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,i hate my job,Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it
,Recommended,250900,20433727,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,RobtheCobbler,Fun game.  Reminds me of old platformer type games
,Recommended,250900,12795029,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kaybeegee,I got died because I pooped myself and the poop esploded.11/10 Would Isaac Again
76561198086089919,Recommended,250900,23855952,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,akuma666kaze,"A simply fantastic game. This game is a shining example of a excellent roguelike, I would definitely recommend playing."
76561198182746543,Recommended,250900,29523243,Posted: 27 January,all,BuddarScotchy,"This is my second most played game on Steam. I recommend it if you like games that throwback to older ones (Zelda in this case), and there are so many item combinations in this game you won't get bored for a long time."
76561198062633319,Recommended,250900,30906602,Posted: 2 April,all,FentyBrothers,10/10 would get brutally murdered by animated feces again.
76561198165534966,Recommended,250900,20648981,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Richard,me gusta mucho este juego auque nunca me gustaro asi como los juegos indie
,Recommended,250900,12797162,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Dubble,"Rebirth is more of what I loved from the original BoI, but more of it and reset - so i can play all the challenges, unlock all the items and characters, and get all the acheivements over again.Also, the original (flash based) game was crazy sluggish on my mac; this one is smooth as silk."
,Recommended,250900,30887363,Posted: 1 April,all,John Sticky Fingers,"If your new to rogue likes then this is a good game to start with, and I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys rogue likes and strange, dark, bizarre games all package up in pixel art style."
76561198084070454,Recommended,250900,18521177,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sedgecorn,"This game is AWESOME! An amazing expansion on the original, and I love the new items. Only found one con so far. That con is that more items means less rare items will spawn, so more items equals LESS SACRED HEART!"
,Recommended,250900,12955397,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,•cC• Cookie,"If you've never seen the original game, it's still on steam; although i'd reccomend you pick this up instead, as it's far better optimized.The Binding of Isaac is a fun roguelite (A hardcore dungeon crawler that borrows some elements from the Rogue game, such as permadeath, randomized dungeons, and difficulty) that is basically if the first Legend of Zelda game ♥♥♥♥ed a twin stick shooter, with the bible.Why is the bible there? I don't know, you have to give it some kind of theme, so why not religious horror?And now you have the beautiful mess that the Binding of Isaac is. Every run is different, you'll find an amazing combination of powerful items in one, and barely scrape your way through with a gimmicky combo in another. Or you'll just find like 8 activatable items (you can only have one at a time) in a row, and throw your PC at the wall.It's also sold on pretty much every platform. (Windows, Linux, OS X [aka Mac], PS4, PS Vita, the Wii U, [New]3DS, and soon, iOS devices.)Good if you like pain. Not for the squeamish."
,Recommended,250900,17593902,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Vitallyz,I shoot my tears of pain at stupid nig nogs. 10/10 Would cri again
76561198203768648,Recommended,250900,17514535,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Justspookin12,"This a Very well made Semi-challanging game that is a dungeon explorer, which in my opinion is one of the better types of games"
,Recommended,250900,15706659,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,NightChocolate,Buy it.
,Recommended,250900,14827707,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Lord Munstro,"This game is extremely well made, and thanks to it no longer being in Flash, it looks amazing. The game itself is one that can make you rage at times, but make you cry out with happiness at others. Once you learn the game and items, you are essentially just trying to survive."
76561198120396421,Recommended,250900,17624488,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,A S C E N D E D,Fantastic game. has given me many hours of fun.shun the heretic gaben and praise lord edmund!
76561198057725395,Recommended,250900,17630705,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Avant-Garde,The Binding of Isaac : Rebirth is a challenging game. It's hard to get used to and even harder to master. If a lot of Christian lore doesn't bother you and roguelike is your thing then give it a go. I say Christian lore because a lot of the items and characters here in the game are based mostly off of the Christian religion. Just get it and have a fun yet terrible time!
76561198236687416,Recommended,250900,16844445,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,leoalejandroantonio,This game is AWESOME
76561198114879492,Recommended,250900,15543464,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,9TFox,"Ein sehr sehr gutes Spiel, für jeden der den Vorgänger mochte ein MUSS. Für jeden der das noch nie gehört hat? Ein MUSS. Man braucht keine Vorkentnisse. Einfach anfangen zu duddlen und los gehts ;)."
,Recommended,250900,12801237,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,kansasmom43,Well. At this point Ive only played 4 hours and a half.11/10 Items
76561198099434314,Recommended,250900,14119082,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,✪ Sub ✪,Definetly worth buying. Tons of hours of fun and laughs! 11/10
,Recommended,250900,17157254,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,FrallarN,I think that this is a good game too play whilst bored or in between games. It's relaxing and very fun. 11/10 - IGN
76561198075960147,Recommended,250900,17134399,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,xXMama-JamaXx,10/10
,Recommended,250900,17117932,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,LordFries,good
,Recommended,250900,21727015,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cancrolot,ive only played a bit but its ok
,Recommended,250900,13547035,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Power,"To play this game you will probably want to play the first Binding of Isaac so you can get used to the game. If you play this game first, you will get squashed. The first game is a little easier, and has less items so it is easier to memorize. Trust me, you will want to memorize the items. The second game is a little tougher, mostly because of all the different enemy types. The second game also has more items and overall kind of sends a bunch of things at you at once and overwhelms you. If you have experience with the first game, this will not be as overwhelming and you will enjoy it more."
,Recommended,250900,13719832,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,kingdoj0,Just had it for a month 70 hrs need a life
,Recommended,250900,13308741,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sladewill,"Really good game. Highly enjoyable, playable for hours."
,Recommended,250900,12795272,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Hato1 ;),Get It.
,Recommended,250900,14960423,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,San1ty88-,Awesome arcade like horror mixed with shooter. This game is like mixing your two favorite flavors of icecreamAwesome game 8.572 / 10  :D(warning this game might make you rage!)
76561198078589786,Recommended,250900,16741061,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,The Zoid,"This game is a fun, challenging, time filler. If you get bored you can just open it up and play, its roguelike features add alot of replay value, so if you purchase this game you will certainly make the purchase worth it"
,Recommended,250900,22641639,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,RP.Kreator,"Incredibly addictive, grindy yet refreshing rogue-like ARPG. Every playthrough feels like a totally different game."
76561198266037109,Recommended,250900,19791837,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,GameAtomatic,its a really good game 5/7
,Recommended,250900,23936017,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JKDizzel,"I looooooooooooove this game! It can mentaly brake you down, but can also get you better luck harmons, than beating a super diffecult boss in Dark Souls. ;3"
,Recommended,250900,14270212,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,School Shooter,If you are still reading the reviews ... Stop and go buy the game Right Now!
76561198107206442,Recommended,250900,14840081,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Wapelo,"This game is amazing! It has so much to do you can play for 500 hours and not get bored! there are tons of goals to set after and it is completely different and exiting every time you play it! there is also an expansion coming, which will add even more to the game!"
,Recommended,250900,20038051,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MiDaS.花滿樓,The Only Way I can play with a naked child without getting caught by police ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,250900,24366433,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ExplosiveFridge,This game is wierd. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12890747,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Halflight,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is an updated release of the roguelike game The Binding of Isaac. As such, whether you should buy this title or not depends on how much you liked or disliked the original game and therefore you should really check its reviews before getting Rebirth.This version of the Binding of Isaac acts both as an expansion and a major tweak over the original game. The title is no longer flash-based, allowing you to save your progress without needing to clear the game in one sitting: you are also given three save files should you desire to start over.The graphical overhaul provides the game with a pixel art look, which can be tuned down a bit (but only a bit) in the options. The characters and the effects are noticeably smoother and various floors now allow for bigger rooms to appear from time to time. The music is also vastly different (due to a change in the composer).Gameplay-wise, Rebirth adds some new characters (among which Azazel is particularly noticeable for being a bit too overpowered, as the time of this review), items, room, bosses, an extra level and two final bosses. While the stream of new features is most welcome, some of the later new content (such as the new bosses) is not easy to unlock and may require a bit of a guide to help you out. It's also worth mentioning that the overall difficulty of the game increased by a good measure (some new achievements are a nightmare to obtain, a pair of old bosses have recived a significan overhaul and some of the new enemies are downright nasty).All in all, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is great updated version of the original Isaac and should be the only Isaac game you should need in a very long time"
,Recommended,250900,24395399,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Buster | ソゲさん,"The Binding of Isaac is a really Fun Rogue-Like.If you like Rogue Likes you will like this game.It has alot things to unlock and is Fun to play from time to time.I would definetly recommend this game to everyone, to atleast try it out."
,Recommended,250900,24258866,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,xxxdickfatcion,USE YOUR TEARS SON
,Recommended,250900,18057215,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Not Bender,"The lazy review put together after yet another in a list of nights ended at ~4am because of the game:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorPlease describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.In order, I say! Everything, frustration, yes.Now that I've 100% completed it and have the 1001% achievement I don't know what to do with my life until the next expansion is done. 10/10, would have existential crisis again."
76561198029255975,Recommended,250900,12798395,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,1-800-222-TIPS,probably best game ive ever played
,Recommended,250900,21596883,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Deon Senpai,"LOVE IT, almost as good as Undertale , too addicting f@ck the keeper, and the lost but a good fun game. DONT CHEAT A 100 percent file if ur going to fúücklet"
,Recommended,250900,19691748,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Jack's Smirking Revenge,"Great RPG, lots of hours of gameplay espically if you have Afterbirth."
76561198166949445,Recommended,250900,24327007,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,GoldGlove,pretty fun and will entertain for a long time
76561198061291876,Recommended,250900,13512950,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,minipartyboy,Loved the first game! and this one is even better i recomend. it kinda a lot but i think its worth it. love that theres co-op BUT it would be amazing if we could do it over wifi not local ):
76561198037518022,Recommended,250900,24682408,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,cox,Good game Cx
76561198064940669,Recommended,250900,24724202,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lukedj28,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a great rouge-like game, one of the best in my opinion. So at the time of writing this review I have 242 hours on this game and I still find this game entertaining to play at time to time. The reason I had found this game so much fun was because it is a game you can play for hours or just for 5 minutes with many different ways to break the game to just have fun. When the developers had made this game they had thoroughly went though most items to make sure they would synergise to give the owner of the game thousands of outcomes by the end each and every run. For a someone who likes to 100% complete games this will consume a lot of their time giving them their monies worth. Even for a casual player you are able to save and continue your run later which allows you to play it while you wait for something like a download to be completed. The best thing about this game for me was that it had a lot of content with most of it being unlockable the more and more you play allowing me to continue to find out what items went together and what items i could use to break the game, which made me feel that I got my monies worth.Thank you for reading my review."
76561198148210744,Recommended,250900,24729936,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Doge,Good game
,Recommended,250900,13063611,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,evas,10/10 Would play 20x200000000 times agian.a.k.a. BUY IT NOW.
76561198050821360,Recommended,250900,14103238,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DangStranger,This is my favorite game.
,Recommended,250900,13987070,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Operation Bug Orchid,Im gunna end up spending so much time on this game
,Recommended,250900,14019461,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,leSwode,"BOI: Rebirth is a game everyone who enjoyed the first BOI should get. I bought the first BOI ""back"" in mid 2014 and I enjoyed it very much. It was a challenge like no other and at the same time as it was a boner kill, it was a huge turn on. The challenge was the thing that kept making me come back to the game. It's the same with Rebirth.Rebirth includes new, and more, items and trinkets etc. Features new bosses and an amazing new gui that really makes it easier for you to understand what's really going on. Kinda.With that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review written, I STRONGLY recommend this game for any type of challenge seekers out there who enjoy themselves an indie game that has a good feel to it. The ability to make a run different each time you play is one of the unique features that BOI has.TL,DR: Buy it. It's amazing."
,Recommended,250900,13913697,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kobold Commando,"An incredibly fun mixture of Roguelikes and NES Zelda, with a touch of Bullet Hell Shooter for good measure, but it's ultimately marred by rather hamfisted RNG reliance and repulsive visual themes.First off, this game is really, really fun.  It's easy to sink hours into, and each run feels very different.  It's also a significant upgrade from the original version, adding lots of new rooms, items, bosses, and most importantly running at a higher framerate which makes all the action much smoother.  Even if you own the original this is a great purchase.That said, a large portion of the fun comes from the random item drops and the synergies between them over the course of a game, whether it's obscenely powerful like an item that replaces your default attack with bombs combined with an item that makes explosions heal you, or fun but impractical, like an item that causes you to shoot dozens of projectiles a second for almost no damage, and various items that randomly cause your attacks to stun, poison, charm or explode enemies.  In fact there's a series of challenge runs based specifically on the impractical combos.  Unfortunately while runs with great synergy are incredibly fun, the majority of your gameplay will wind up with you getting very boring items or ones that don't work well together at all, like an item that gives you a damage boost at low health followed by a series of max health upgrades.  As you start trying harder modes and characters you'll find yourself more and more tempted to reset repeatedly in an effort to have at least the first few items be powerful ones, and that's no fun for anyone.  To the game's credit it's completely possible to beat the game with no items whatsoever (this is in fact another challenge), but again it's significantly less fun than finding a really great combo and putting that to use.And then there are the visuals.  The graphics look very nice, and the theming is very solid and cohesive, but unfortunately it's just extremely gross to a point where I think it's honestly a detriment to the game.  I've heard it very aptly described as ""body horror"".  You play as a naked baby wandering through a maze crying at things to damage them, and your enemies mostly consist of maggots, flies, deformed ""human-esque"" enemies, living poop, and so on.  The upgrades are along the same lines, you collect things like diseases, implements of torture, and even a coat hangar (a joke in particularly poor taste).  It actually poses an interesting case study of both ""graphics vs gameplay"", as well as ""graphics vs visual themes"".  The gameplay and graphics from an objective view are great, it's the visual themes that will turn people away.Lastly, a lot of people like to talk about the religious theming of the game.  The creator has mentioned that he doesn't intend the game as ""anti-religion"", and I honestly believe him.  I don't see anything particularly anti-religion about the game, it's simply used as a framing device (based heavily on the biblical story ""The Binding of Isaac"").  There are religiously themed items and enemies, but again they tend to be quite neutral in their use, angels and devils representing good and evil, crosses granting protection, Lazarus' Rags are available as an item which will resurrect you, an obvious reference to another biblical story.  The ""body horror"" themes tend to put you in the mindset of thinking the game is painting religion in a negative light, but I think that it's merely present, not being commented upon in any meaningful way.  Isaac's Mother is the villain and is depicted as watching religious TV programs and ultimately hearing the voice of God telling her to kill Isaac, but this feels to me much more like she is simply delusional and crazed for reasons other than religion, and this is hinted at by the story as you analyze the endings."
76561198106044817,Recommended,250900,13914891,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mr.Particleboard,"An absolutely amazing game that is so fun, the cards are well desighed, and LOOT! a must buy"
76561198057845875,Recommended,250900,13571090,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,MGGLiam,"I had never played The binding of Isaac before and now I feel like an idiot. I have only managed to play 5 hours so far but from what I have played this is an amazing game and I would definitely recommend it to anyone, except my mother she may hit me for that."
76561198111160882,Recommended,250900,13933744,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Loki Grim,"If you like a NES top view Zelda dungeon based game then this is it. I thought after beating it I would stop playing it but with muliple endings, items to find, randomness to the game play, and challenges to complete it actually keeps you wanting to come back for more. Real fun once you get into it"
,Recommended,250900,13891186,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ItsAz,"Excellent sequel to my all time favourite game. It lives up to the 2 and a half year wait consisting of Ed nodding towards different items and always saying it will be realsed at 'some point' in 2014.Pros:+Amazing art style+New Dynamic Lighting+100+ new items+The new characters+Very hard to find items that don't work together+Runs much better than the usual and at a steady frame rate+Azazel... Azazel is bestCons:-Due to the sheer amount of items, the cool synergies come very rarely-The Lost... ♥♥♥♥ the lostThis game was definitely worth the wait and has taken the spot for 2014 best game for me. Go and ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game, it is $15 you cheap dog."
,Recommended,250900,13206956,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jade Penetrate,"Its the same game, Ed."
,Recommended,250900,13549376,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,gumbo1919,This is my go to game.  Rebirth improves upon the original in every way.  I highly recommend it.
76561197976987915,Recommended,250900,13565999,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Prince LaCroix,This game is phenomenal and has hundreds of hours worth of gameplay. Great buy recommend to all.
,Recommended,250900,13514474,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SuiSwitch,This game is very amazing and has a replay value of over 9000.
76561198049500802,Recommended,250900,13481664,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Blue,"Yo.  You like games that you can play over and over?  Thought so.  I've played this game at least 300 times through, so I feel like I might know what I'm talking about when I say that this game will give you practically gallons of bang per buck.  Characters?  It's got 'em.  Like 10 or so.  All of them are different and fun to play in completely different ways.  Items?  Got those too.  There's probably over 100 unique items whose effects can be mixed and matched to change the way you play the game.  Every playthough is a unique experience in which you are either carried by some broken overpowered item combination, forced to slide by on the skin of your teeth, or some variant in between.  Buy this game if you like fun, pal."
76561198061014165,Recommended,250900,13559003,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,danakabeaver,SOOOOOOO gehhhhrrdd
,Recommended,250900,14239689,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Drifty,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,250900,14253811,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Orange Vest Guy,"Very fun game, Easy to learn and endless possibilities."
,Recommended,250900,14253485,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,jlach22,LOVE GAMES LIKE THIS!!! I would definetly recommend this to anyone who likes games with powers ups and other games like that 10 out of 10
,Recommended,250900,13967088,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sugoi Bok Choy,"If you've been looking for a game where you can murder your foes with your own tears of having been abandoned by your crazy, religious mother and modify your poor frightened character into a disgusting blob of drugs, technology and satanic artifacts, then look no further.Pretty fun and challenging, top remake11/10"
,Recommended,250900,12844375,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,InfamousDV,"thinking about getting this game? get it! great game, iv played the original over 100+ hours. and after 20 hours of this i can safely say its 10 times better.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14231863,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,slakr,This game so fun!
,Recommended,250900,14237747,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,j3rise,This game is amazing a must get!
76561198072483051,Recommended,250900,13185799,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,blutaar,"First off: 10/10 for Isaac: Rebirth. The Binding of Isaac and this remake are the best Rogue-likes i've ever seen.There may be a few bugs like the ""game goes into double speed at the beginning of a floor""-thing, which is easily fixed by pausing the game once, but those aren't too bad and i haven't encountered anything worse by now. Plus i'm sure those will be fixed eventually.To the game itself: If you havent played the original Isaac, you may need a while to get into it but it's not necessairy to have hundreds of hours of play time in the original. The remake has everything the original had, except for the catchy soundrack; you get used to the new one though. Rebirth adds tons of new items, synergies and especially late-game content like new bosses so that there is a challenging factor even for those who played the original regularly until this one's release.I'm hoping the DLC's will keep adding cool stuff so that you may run into surprising item effects even afer the a bit of playtime.My recommendation: Buy it! It will be more fun than any 100 buck battlefield 4 premium or call of duty."
,Recommended,250900,15012318,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,BlueSpike,"So,this game is a MASSIVE improvement from it's predecessor. You may aswell just add it to your cart right now!The only thing I can say is the ""Secret Character"" is abit,tacky. It seems like it's just a ""Hold R"" character. But even so,buy the god dayum game! And if 300+items doesn't please you,a new DLC is coming out with even more!"
,Recommended,250900,15014237,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,cookierainbow,best game
76561198093238739,Recommended,250900,14994270,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,shots fired nuts busted,I love this game. played for hours. Once you get good the fun is exponential.
76561198180406977,Recommended,250900,15028737,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,shrewsburyw,So much replayabillity and so many subtlities that the more you play the more you want to play.
,Recommended,250900,15000038,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Khephri,Good Game
76561198083380141,Recommended,250900,14999586,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,CristianVeron,"Very, very good game. While any Wrath of the Lamb players may dislike the art style initally, it will grow on you. It is my only complaint about it, really. Worth the amount paid for it, and more."
76561198129336166,Recommended,250900,15005188,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jiminy Crickets Old Man,Easily one of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,250900,15007678,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dangeloson,"Very great game. Always a new situation every time. sense of accomplishment you beat the game,unlock a new item, and defeat an enemy. My favorite part of the whole game is that when you manage to get really good equipment, and then have to start over you want to get all of it back so badly giving you the motive to keep playing. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes rouge-like games"
,Recommended,250900,15011593,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,The Canadian Tree,this is a great game but with no way to learn any other controls but move and shott its gto a learning curve and itsa bog onethis is unrelated to this game but i need to say this if your think of buying evovleon pc DONT read the reviews since 3000-ish are negative but are complaingitng a bout the dlc plans whitch 2k and turtul rock hasve stated you dont need them BUt 6000-ish reviews are posotive so if you got to look at teh reviews look at the positive ones since what peopel are calling helpfull is really just stupid people complaining about stuff for no reasons and giveign the game a negative review for it now i am done bye
,Recommended,250900,15013204,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Silver Lining,"11/10 would reroll again.In all seriousness, this is a fantastic rogue-like will an insane amount of content. But beware, the most pivotal mechanics in this game are RNG and perma-death. Although the best of players can make the rng work for them, you must be prepared to have many a ""wtf edmund???"" moments at the start.In regards to the perma-death, I personally find it to be liberating as it encourages one to make the most out of their resources to survive (I'm a hoarder in most games), but I understand that it's a turn-off for many.Conclusion: Niche but fantastic, try the original Newgrounds demo before buying.NEW PLAYERS: Don't get the dlc untill you're comfortable with the base game."
76561198096875744,Recommended,250900,15013852,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,~『sR』~ Shade Knight,Players of the old game beware as this game will change everything you know of the binding of isaac games and make it somthing AMASING! thousands of new sinergyes hundreads of new items all out redone textures new enemys and new bosses and a hole new..... part after sheol.
76561198009022782,Recommended,250900,15025709,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Schnauzi,"I can't decide whether the ""magic"" of the original Isaac has been ported over to Rebirth or not.Yet, it is one good hell of a game.Eagerly awaiting Afterbirth!9/10Now, that Afterbirth is there... I'm underwhelmed and a bit disappointed.6/10"
76561198046905383,Recommended,250900,15026617,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,sinningchicken,Amazing. Very difficult and takes time to get good at but incredibly rewarding and just really fun.
,Recommended,250900,15027777,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Good game... got 5 endings and all the characters, then when i got on all my progress was lost...."
,Recommended,250900,15031594,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lefa,"Probably the best Roguelike on Steam. Tons of items, millions of run seeds and unlimited fun. A must have!"
76561198091251795,Recommended,250900,15032625,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bacon Pancakes,it is a very good game and it is very based on religion so i like it very much
76561198080730395,Recommended,250900,15032735,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,you're a great person <3,It makes me read the Bible 10/10
,Recommended,250900,15034844,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Darklink142,THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME I SO RECOMMEND IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ❤ THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250900,15037852,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Wojak,10/10
76561198044895126,Recommended,250900,15003909,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Bob.,"Great game, much content, such replayability, wow !"
76561198051138606,Recommended,250900,15800509,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,GingerYankey,Amazing game thats exactly what it says on the tin.Played this game for 150 hours in the past three ish months and has been the bestI highly recomend this
76561198148709338,Recommended,250900,14579313,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SpinZz (aka Ruby),this is a really good game i recomend
,Recommended,250900,14686887,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,anime tiddies,"Leagues better than the original BOI, more loot, more enimies and more content. Love it! Good buy"
,Recommended,250900,14703115,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dragon Princess,One of the best indie games of all time 10/10 Eve all the way
76561197997969409,Recommended,250900,14704011,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Touque,Never has a game before been so worth the meager sum
,Recommended,250900,13955086,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,RELAXER,"i havent played The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth for too long, but i can safely say that in the time i have played ikt i have enjoyed it immensly, it is a dungoen crawler that is randomly generated each time you load up a game, which means almost infinite contect for the players. i wasnt expecting much before getting this game but it has unlockable characters and a few more things to aim for. plus it has a item drop system in which it doesnt tell you what the items do so you have to figure it out yourself. but of course you can search the wiki if you need too. everytime you play there is a different experience awaiting. the experience generally ends up being pretty hectic.  i 100% recommend this game to all gamers. its well worth the money and the value for your dollar is great. get this game now."
76561198046768628,Recommended,250900,26815450,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Octopus Man,Afraid of being evil then I AM the evil11/10 Would die again
76561198053697018,Recommended,250900,30316617,Posted: 4 March,all,Michael,"When they said this♥♥♥♥♥♥was awesome, now i understand why.... THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS AWESOME!"
,Recommended,250900,26811335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drend,"Well, not much to say about this game aside from that it is simply great. The most replayable game I ever tried.(Most of my hours are on a pirated copy, which I regret very much)"
76561198073070572,Recommended,250900,18489746,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,potato juice,very good game!!!
76561198053546577,Recommended,250900,12794907,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,dudeburst8,For those of you who have played the original The Binding of Isaac (with Wrath of the Lamb expansion) I have only one thing to tell you: this game surpasses expectations. Have fun!
76561198108683201,Recommended,250900,19326174,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,"Please, Help Me. (Beauby)",This game is worth the money you pay for it. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys an overall enjoyable game!
,Recommended,250900,18297844,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,AnthonyPerinoGaming,Great game!
,Recommended,250900,23794121,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kai,One of the most fun games of all time. Best part is it can run on almost any PC. Definitely worth a buy.
76561198187726571,Recommended,250900,24690710,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Endershot355,I have never been so hooked onto a game in my life. I have had it for a few days and have 33 hours (at the time of review) and I haven't gotten past3 mom's heart killsand do not intend to stop. Send help. Or cheetos. I like cheetos.
,Recommended,250900,15774071,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ket,Just one more run...
,Recommended,250900,20202088,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MnMaxon,"I loved the original, and somehow they found a way to make it a lot more fun with this game."
,Recommended,250900,26463640,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,walruse,This one actually let me get all the achievements. Nice.
,Recommended,250900,19338312,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,۞۞M۞I۞N۞D۞G۞A۞M۞E,This game is so random and I love it. Every single time you play is different from last time and you will never ever learn what some of the items do so you better bookmark the wiki :)
,Recommended,250900,32737147,Posted: 24 June,all,Fumetsu,11/10Would kill Satan and Myself again.
76561198355274514,Recommended,250900,32032874,Posted: 28 May,all,CancerMach76,It's a pretty gr9 game. 9/9 would 9 again.
,Recommended,250900,32833620,Posted: 26 June,all,HENTAI MASTER,THIS GAME...THIS GAME IS THE MOST AMAZING THING CREATED BY MAN
,Recommended,250900,30348321,Posted: 5 March,all,FixDoll,You know a game is actually good when you've spent 260 hours playing it and you're nowhere near completion yet you just desire to play more.
,Recommended,250900,26978732,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DRUNK BABY,"Just play, it's awesome!"
,Recommended,250900,32858969,Posted: 27 June,all,Rebel,good
,Recommended,250900,14928936,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Exploratory Butt Surgeon,I've been gaming for over 30 years. This game is on my top 3 all time easily.
76561198056923683,Recommended,250900,17385768,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Beaverbubbl3z,Finally! A game with a decent amount of poop! 10/10
,Recommended,250900,12795975,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,grEgg,"A lot like the old game but with new graphics, abilities and maps!"
,Recommended,250900,23222149,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,rogier,time consuming while i should actually be learning for school simulator11/10 would screw up school again
,Recommended,250900,18750758,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ManBox,"Once upon a time, there was a person named DarkShadow384. He was browsing the internet one day, hunting for videos to watch, when all of a sudden a youtuber named TearOfGrace popped up in his feed. Most of his videos consisted of playing the game ""Binding of Isaac Rebirth""... DarkShadow384, being a normal person, was revolted at the idea of a small child navigating through his mother's womb shooting his tears at enemies to eventually kill his mother, but DarkShadow384 decided to give this game a try. Using the last of his steam funds, DarkShadow384 was slowly sucked into this game, spending hour after hour clearing characters and unlocking achievements. After months of fun and a lot of pain (with the lost especially) this person who thought a game was disgusting now thought a game was undeniably awesome. He achieved Real Platinum God, and all was well. BUT THEN, it was said a DLC would be released! Hundreds more hours of content, a new character, and challenges galore!  And just like that, DarkShadow384 was sucked into this game all over again.Ten outta ten would play again."
76561197993946301,Recommended,250900,18173219,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Donax,This is a game where you can play for 200h and still have stuff to unlock. And the best is that you never twice the same way :)
,Recommended,250900,18178588,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,YOHOMIEDOGBRO,This made me stop smoking
,Recommended,250900,14717493,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,✪MR.Hittrox,I´m rating this game 11/10! Best game EVER
76561198094700430,Recommended,250900,15339999,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Macko,It's areally amazing game and I love it :D
,Recommended,250900,13735228,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,VACationSenpai 2 #VACCollector,"10/10 My favorite indie game, reborn!"
76561198084722116,Recommended,250900,22128560,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Neko-neeko,it's a good game 10/10 would play
,Recommended,250900,13651461,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tempest | csgogem.com,it's a great game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,250900,13763886,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Goo,"Superior to the original in almost every way. If you liked the original, buy it."
,Recommended,250900,13669207,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Shortfatty,Very Good if you want to cry.
76561198020910553,Recommended,250900,13534450,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kaspersky,It's just better than the first one
,Recommended,250900,13248694,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,PhredDinosaur,"This game is a great time consumer. It is incredibly fun. There are those moments where yoiu don't get the drops that you want and you consider throwing a chair out of the window, but then if you just come back later you will remember why you bought it in the first place. Definitely reccomend this to everyone looking for a simple and fun game."
76561198037027989,Recommended,250900,12796301,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tweaker,Binding of Isaac in 60Fps what more do you want?
,Recommended,250900,12886451,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Val,"The binding of isaac is a roguelike game with gameplay similar to zelda 1's dungeons but with much more freedom of movement, you get 1 life to make your way through a randomly generated dungeon of a certain amount of floors each with a boss at the end, along the way you find a handful of among hundreds of collectibles that can vastly alter your playstyle, from making your projectiles have different attributes to increasing your health, speed, range, and so on. Many of the items interact with each other too creating very interesting synergies, for a simple example: Quad shot + lasers = quad lasers.The game is fairly difficult and you may often find yourself not having much luck unless you find a good combo of items until you've got a bit of practice in.Visually the game has some fairly violent scenes involving blood, gore, fecal matter etc. Though given the pixel art style of the game it comes off as oddly charming, quickly desensitizing you from what's actually going on.Longevity wise the game has 16 endings and many unlockable characters/items/bosses/secrets. There is plenty here to keep you going for over 20 hours at least and potentially many more if you want to 100% the game. A single run of the game will take roughly 20-50 minutes depending on player skill and how far you are in the game as the dungeon length can vary from run to run.The game is essentially a remake of the original binding of isaac which was a game made in Flash and being as such it had many limitations in gameplay and mechanics. If you enjoyed the original this will be a treat for you as much of the gameplay is very refined and there is plenty more content right from the start when compared to the wrath of the lamb expansion of the original game.Overall I recommend playing this, especially if you're a fan of the original.If you want to see some gameplay first, I'd suggest looking up a youtube user by the name of Northernlion, this game is his bread and butter and that will quickly let you know what to expect from this title."
,Recommended,250900,13333619,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,KingBirb,"Love the game, just doing this for the badge."
,Recommended,250900,13327833,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,razorrazorra,The game is just awsome!
,Recommended,250900,13103132,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SupaSpenc,Amazing.
,Recommended,250900,13452254,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Erdal,"Rebirth is much more than a remake of the original game. There are a huge number of new items, bosses, rooms and mechanics as well as improvements to everything from the original. Everything comes together to give an endlessly fun game which you can play over and over, getting different outcomes every time."
76561198058509294,Recommended,250900,13454079,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BionicParrot,The Binding of Isaac is one of the most addicting game series I have played in a long time.
76561198048393694,Recommended,250900,13498506,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[L.E.N] zady57,I really enjoed the first game of this and Rebirth has loved up to expectation :)
,Recommended,250900,13155580,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,PollTax https://opsk.in/u/295k8w,Yup
76561198067564676,Recommended,250900,13503148,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BEANZ,10/10 great game
,Recommended,250900,13481678,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,bh,I can't stop playing the poopoo doodoo game.
76561198010711450,Recommended,250900,12820923,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,PrelaunchSauce,The vision that The Binding of Isaac was supposed to be.
,Recommended,250900,21825833,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Killer7,one of the greats if you looking for layback relaxing game play this is the game for you you will never feel bored after playing it for hundered of hours a great exprience.
,Recommended,250900,15012279,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,hcr140,"Very, very, very solid game. This game is worth the money the dev asks for. This reboot of the original BOI improves on so much more than graphics. The addicting gameplay and replay value has won me over in more ways than one. The fact that almost any computer can run this game makes it, in my opinion, one of the best games available right now. BUY. IT. NOW."
,Recommended,250900,15780103,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,High replay value and enough RNG to keep you searching for hundreds of hours.
,Recommended,250900,15783634,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mom's Spaghetti,Buy this game
,Recommended,250900,14992890,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Pappa Gunther,"✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩One of the Best Games of 2014✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩★✩When I said original was awesome, this version is even better!"
,Recommended,250900,14997317,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,deeps,"If there is one game every steam user should own, its Binding of Isaac. The game is a modern masterpiece and takes a simple playstyle seen in the old legend of zelda games and pushes it further then I thought possible. Whenever you think you're done with the game you havnt even started yet. The game bleeds depth. Its the gift that keeps on giving. Its The Binding of Isaac"
,Recommended,250900,14999046,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,HaiThereMan,"Isaac is the most addicting game ive ever played. great music, funny story, and infinate replay value. if you should ever get the chance to play this game, taked it. as of this post, i have reached 550 hours of this game."
,Recommended,250900,15004380,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,D-Licious,"You will either get an amazing super powerful run, or the game will s**t on you... Either way it's great fun! PS di not expect to be as good as Northernlion or Bisnap until you've played 500 hours"
,Recommended,250900,15015343,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Hippopatamus in the Metropolis,10/10Favorite Roguelike-RPG game I've played
,Recommended,250900,15033830,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Veronica!,i played boi once. got it for 50 cents.it was goodi played boi rebirth once. got it for 15 dollarsit was good10/10
76561198136042232,Recommended,250900,15781613,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheProvocateur,Fun roguelike-esque game randomized adventure game. Addictive as a bonus!
,Recommended,250900,15785261,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Baka Gaijin Weeaboo,"A small learning curve for your first ten times winning the game. the game might seem easy at first but you start to unlock new items, bosses, tile sets, and floors. and you have the option of a normal and hard difficulties. rebirth has a nice selection of characters and one that starts with random items and stats every time. the game has seeds, and local multiplayer, so if you want to compete with your friend on the same seed or play with a loved one in the same game, you can do that too!Afterbirth edit: Now you can Actually compete with your friends ant the rest of the world! the afterbirth expansion comes with dailies, and scores you on time and other stats. minor and major balance Patches and a new mode called Greed mode. two new characters and one of them being one of the challenging of the game. while the other brings in a new mechanic that requires you to not use your own tears. New rooms and bosses have been added including ""L"" shaped rooms and small rooms. Hundreds of more synergies and a ton of new items. Four alternative floors with different themes with their own enemies incorporated. With Afterbirth, you now have access to the most difficult boss in the game (If you find him!!!).""The Binding of Isaac"" remains the one of the best rougelike games on the market, and will remain the standerd for years to come."
,Recommended,250900,15010039,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lazarus,"By far my favorite roguelike game. It's much better than the first game, with a huge amount of added items, effects, bosses, and endings. Very fun to sink time into.My main problem with the game is the sound. Some of the enemies are freaking annoying, screaming at you with their sound on a loop (Gapers)Most of the music simply isn't as good as in the first game. I miss the old basement music.Overall, I'd give it a 9/10.dlc (afterbirth) is coming soon."
76561198107734448,Recommended,250900,13525174,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,boxhead1,Not as glitched as the old one.
,Recommended,250900,13542554,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,:TF: /3lazing Ownager [Z. Mays],"The best roguelike out there, bar none, this version of Isaac - enhanced in every way - is a definite must buy if you have any liking of the genre at all.  Every single power is unique and truly randomized, making every single playthrough wildly different.  But instead of talking about the overall game more, I'm going to address why this is a worthwhile upgrade from Wrath of the Lamb:- Steam Cloud.  All your unlocks, etc. go on the Steam cloud now, meaning if you move to another platform, you have everything with you.- Saving!  You can't save and reload - the game is still an iron man ""one life"" situation - but you can actually leave the game and then come back in.  No more ""need at least an hour"" runs.  Because lf the Cloud, you can hop onto another computer and start right from where you left off.- Massive number of new items.  One of the biggest draws to the game is it's huge list of items, and they went and added tons more while keeping everything from the past game - with the occasional rebalancing.  As item combinations are a big source of how your character will pan out, this has created some absolutely insane combinations.- Massive number of new enemies.  In addition to tons of brand new enemies, they've added tons of new ""special"" enemy types which are found throughout rooms in far greater quantity than in Wrath.  It makes some rooms really require some quick thinking with how to address.- Large scroller rooms.  These break up the ""every room is the same size"" flow from previous Isaac games.  This really creates some variety and difficult situations.  Hint:  Big rooms influence Secrets more.- They finally added a Drop key, so you can stop carrying, say, pills that hurt your health or a trinket you hate.  Unless it's the tick, which is as much a pain now as ever.- Excellent rebalancing on a number of serious problems.  Arcades are no longer free perk rooms.  Health is harder to come by, and health-gathering items are more valuable.  Many weapon synergies that were broken before work very well now.- Completely new mechanics on how to unlock characters and additional floors.  You no longer need to tie up your trinket space with The Photo; in fact The Photo has become a straight power-up item now.  [Ed:  As you play the game through you unlock additional levels following the defeat of Mom; so even once you ""win"" the next time will be longer and harder for the first several victories.  Don't give up and think it's over the first time you beat the game.]- And of course, absolutely great remastered graphics and sound.  The new soundtrack beats the old one by a mile, and the old one was incredibly catchy.  Additionally the engine runs smooth as silk now, so no more chop in chaotic rooms even on weaker machines.Overall, it's a must buy, even if you already own the original game.  It's a complete ground up rebuild that's both faithful to, and expands upon, the original and the definitive version of the game.  It's the Zero Hour or Lord of Destruction of expansions in a stand-alone."
76561197998930204,Recommended,250900,13536362,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Moist,Murdered by a poop 10/10
,Recommended,250900,13538396,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Maxwell_Edison,poop.
,Recommended,250900,13557072,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,fluffypancakes10,"Abosolutely recommended by me. I put 113 hours into the first one nd im sure im going to put more into this one. 1 of the best games for your money that you can buy, especially now that its on sale. I like to look at it this way, you could spend $15-$20 on a movie ticket for a movie thats 2-3 hours long. Or you could buy this game for $17 and get a lot more hours of entertainment than any movie. Give this game a try, absolutley worth it."
,Recommended,250900,14151074,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Xineombine,"Though RNG plays a huge role in sucess, the game itself is solid and enjoyable."
,Recommended,250900,21070414,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,🅱 a l e x spooki edition,So. There's a Christian boy (who is forever naked?) and his mum hears God and gets told to kill said son.ive never been closer to a fictional character ;-;(I've actually played 100 hours of this offline. I knows it nothing compared to others but this game will crush your social soul.)
,Recommended,250900,13618115,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SirWrain,Best arcade game with a lot of acheivements and stuffs! A bit gore though... But love it!
,Recommended,250900,13842954,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Hey I'm Shibby,I like it
,Recommended,250900,19042212,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Jake Paul,somewhat decent
76561198047400559,Recommended,250900,26365271,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sir. Fluffybutt,I have enjoyed this game. Good Game
76561198166137692,Recommended,250900,15961362,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Skoll the Joker,I love how this game. like the new items.
76561198036329962,Recommended,250900,19108243,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jester Niko,"This game and its new DLC are worth every penny. Ive had so many fun runs and when i die it doesnt feel like its the games fault, it keeps me coming back to finally achieve all the goals and be a platnum god"
,Recommended,250900,18777895,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Stenarvid,"deoesnt work reason:timeBeginPeriod( 1 )OpenGL version 4.5.0 NVIDIA 353.62GLSL version 4.50 NVIDIAFramebuffer ID: 1Renderbuffer ID: 1 size 1024x1024Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth v1.06Initialize ColorOffset ShaderInitialize Pixelation ShaderInitialize Bloom ShaderInitialize Color Correction ShaderInitialize HQ4X ShaderInitialize Shockwave ShaderInitialize OldTV ShaderInitialize Water Surface Shaderload archives: 13927 millisecondspreload anm2: 78 millisecondsCould not find expanded path for config.ini.Viewport: 960x540Framebuffer Width: 960Render Width: 960Window Width: 960Multiplier: 2.250010DP per point: 1.000000Point Scale: 2.000000HQX4 size: 960x540Caught exception, writing minidump...pls help"
,Recommended,250900,18926417,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,yasd,"i dont know what attract me 2 play this game , but i cant stop"
,Recommended,250900,12793596,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ShinyWizard,Awesome Remake! Thanks for the new engine. EPIC graphic effects. The whole game feels faster and more comfortable to play than the first one. Funny items. New monsters. This game is worth the 15 bugs and it doesnt matter if you also own the first game. This is just awesome to play. No matter how many ours u have in the first game!
,Recommended,250900,29151196,Posted: 9 January,all,CannonFodder,An addicting dungeon crawler with hours of gameplay that can be multiplied tenfold by the DLC.
,Recommended,250900,13461940,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,dickspoon,"Poor Isaac's crazy mother has lost her noodles. Little issac's only chance at survival is to use his never ending supply of tears, and cry the ♥♥♥♥ out of unforgiving enemy's, room to room, floor to floor, boss to boss, in a zelda influenced, rougelite, dungeon crawling death cellar. Like the original, there's unlimited amounts of replayability.  Ton's of enemy types, combinations, synergies, tactics, characters, achievements, and fun. There is so many different way's to level up you're character that the game may be a bit overwhelming at first. It will take some time to figure out what items/cards/trinkets/pills/passives/ect.. do, but that's part of the fun!"
,Recommended,250900,26845385,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Redflix csgoroll.com,A M A Z I N G
,Recommended,250900,12791185,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Brady,10/10fixes everything wrong with the orignal and is perfect...but then afterbirth ♥♥♥♥ed it up so now it's a 9/10
,Recommended,250900,12790892,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Corey,Poop physics make the gameplay amazing.10/10
,Recommended,250900,13354932,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,CL4-PTR4P,i love it its the best better than the frist 1 i have 300 hrs on the frist 1 hope to have more on this 1
,Recommended,250900,13649805,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Uncle Joe,"This game is a fantastic reboot of the original with alot more contents, bosses to rage at, and, the most important of all, more poop. The soundtrack gave up the catchy theme of the original for more of a atmospheric feel to it with a few exception. The black comedy and toilet humor is still there and it might creep people out from buying this game, but, then again, who give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about sanity in this game"
,Recommended,250900,27317061,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jodeu Joestar,"That game is the best indie i've ever played, nice graphics, nice gameplay, a lot of wtf content and more. buy it!"
,Recommended,250900,12797314,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Armorgeddon,"A hybridization of Zelda, Metroid and Zombies Ate My Neighbors with randomly generated dungeons and tons of powerups. If you enjoyed the first game you'll absolutely love the second one.  They made everything better (including the graphics) and it runs much smoother. You'll be playing this game for hours & hours.""10 outta 10. 100 outta 100. Best game. Best game."" ~JonTron"
76561198120838111,Recommended,250900,13623829,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Donk,"Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is possibly one of the best games I've ever played. Although it might be frustrating trying to kill your mother, you feel refreshed and excited when you do kill her because we all know how much trouble goes on between your family. This game has loads of content in it and once you do finish the game, it is still fun playing it. You will love the poop"
76561198106241474,Recommended,250900,18735445,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Raufnk,"This remake masterpiece is totally worth 15€!!Looks fun?Then get it right now!Doesn't look fun?Get it anyway! I can assure you, you won't feel like you wasted money at all.PROSSHORT: Everything!LONG:-Fun in anyway!-Most of the time challenging, and I love challenging games!-So many items each with its own unique effect and cosmetic change to the character!-11 playable characters (12 if you have Afterbirth)-20 completely different and variously challenging challenges! (+10 with the DLC)-Cryptic, but interesting-to-explore storyline!-As a musician, I have to say, music is brilliant in this game! 32 amazing tracks (+9 in the DLC)-Challenging enemies and bosses, depends on the items you have!-Lots of other unlockable stuff besides the items (alt floors, new bosses...)-The pixel art is well done, the graphics are awesome for a 2014 pixel-art game!-A lot of synergies to experiment with-Secret transformations included!- Over 200 achievements (if you have Afterbirth, otherwise 170-180)-Local co-op included!CONS-Few bugs, that are actually quite fun!VERDICTA masterpiece that deserves your money.If you're actually looking to have fun, GET IT NOW!11/10."
76561198174882254,Recommended,250900,28791011,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Asgore_D,"This game is hard, but very fun. Try it now!"
,Recommended,250900,28175665,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Reza Asslan,good game
,Recommended,250900,13314631,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Kainé,best game ever
,Recommended,250900,26985994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Not Great,Pretty enjoyable.
,Recommended,250900,28680481,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KineticBlackout,So many hours of my life have been lost to this game and I regret none of them
,Recommended,250900,16236242,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fluxxy,It's basically an upgraded version of the original Binding of Isaac with better graphics and smoother gameplay with the addition of new items.So basically it's hell yes!/10
,Recommended,250900,20449112,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,SirVenon,i spent an entire day trying to get the D6 and it took me 76 trieswhat the ♥♥♥♥ am i doing with my life
,Recommended,250900,15144747,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,sad girl,Look at my hour count. That is how much content this £10 game has.
76561198152957227,Recommended,250900,15184917,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Randy Bobandy,This May Be The Best $16.99 You Will Ever Spend On A Game! It's An Amazing Game And Has An Awesome Soundtrack With It! I Love The Challenges It Brings With Each Level! I Have To Give This Game A 10/10 And I Highly Recommend It To Anyone!
,Recommended,250900,33066153,Posted: 30 June,all,Cmatt ௵,a
,Recommended,250900,14295985,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,stof,k
,Recommended,250900,27755469,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,feral crowbar,I’d go to church more often if they talked about the part of the bible where Isaac cried on a bunch of poop and it killed Satan.
,Recommended,250900,26841680,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,elocanth,Venture into the recesses of your mind better left unexplored and wash away the darkness with an ocean of tears.Eat at Arby's.
,Recommended,250900,32943055,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr.Hell,"The Binding of Issac: Rebirth is a remake of original The Binding of Issac which was released back in 2011. But because of amount of content this game has it should be called a sequel instead. The game can be considered as a ""time killer"" but you'll not notice how it will take way too much of your time. It's addictive to the point you want to start another run after another until you get some progress. And the game has so much stuff to collect and unlock you'll be starting new runs over and over until 1000000% is achieved or you just gave up. Does it mean this game is easy? No, it's pretty challenging and require skill and knowledge to succed. But is this game fun? Yes as even if you lose you still enjoy it to some extent. And if you managed to get really op combo it can easily turn to be one of the most fun runs you've had. As a player who spent 300+ hours playing this game I definitely recommend it. 9 out of 10."
76561198177716915,Recommended,250900,20128577,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Delmatty,This is a real good game and you could easily get over 100 hours of it!!
76561198009125738,Recommended,250900,26200447,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Scopetactics,It's alright.
,Recommended,250900,32759230,Posted: 24 June,all,Found Menma,really fun interesting and ever changing gameplaythoroughly enjoy playing this game
76561198071525718,Recommended,250900,33027634,Posted: 30 June,all,sacred_bum uwu,"Naked babies,Horriable monsters and good times 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,22981234,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,T0talN1nja,"Binding of Isaac Rebirth has been an endless amount of fun and curiosity for me, along with anger when I lose on a great playthrough. Even after losing a countless amount of times, starting again is always great because of what the game holds in store for next time. The game gives you endless amounts of desire to keep playing over and over again and is simply amazing. You will not regret picking up this gem!"
,Recommended,250900,16356859,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Strong Coccyx,Almost lost my sanity trying to get all achievements.10/10
,Recommended,250900,33021187,Posted: 29 June,all,relissh,"I thought this game would be easy. Boy, was I wrong!"
,Recommended,250900,33047167,Posted: 30 June,all,Benao,:)
,Recommended,250900,27240062,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Waypalm,You'll love it. You'll hate it. It will consume you either way.
,Recommended,250900,13594422,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,tjosiahk,"I was a massive fan of the original, and it's DLC. This updated and entirely rebuilt from scratch version successfully manages to retain all the 'feel' and playability, but bringing a range of new aspects. If you ever played and enjoyed The Bindin of Isaac I can say confidently and with no hesitation: buy this. You will not be disappointed. If the whole Binding of Isaac experience is new to you then you have a world of discovery ahead of you :-)"
,Recommended,250900,27520800,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DoomMaster,I played and i lost. Then i played again and i won. And after that i played and i lost again..... (multiply x1000)One of the best and most addictive games ever made....
,Recommended,250900,17835556,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Trucker's Hitch,Probably my favorite game ever 10/10
,Recommended,250900,13030727,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,aura,duh
,Recommended,250900,12960057,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Edgar Goldberg,A definite improvement over the original flash-based game. It offers hours of fun for every rogue-like fan.
,Recommended,250900,33116236,Posted: 1 July,all,crazy top hat,it's like isaac but better
,Recommended,250900,12891200,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DeadMansSuspenders,It's Binding with fewer technical bugs and more actual bugs. Too many improvements to list and more item synergies that now actually work. Any fan of the original or of rougelikes need this game.
,Recommended,250900,13147453,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dr. Senshi,"The best example of how to do a remake right!This Rebirth keeps what made the original fun and addicting, yet surpasses it in a much darker tone. Easy-to-adapt controls, amazing story, and endless hours of trying to be a beyond-platinum god.It's worth your while to return to the basement."
76561198057752236,Recommended,250900,12796547,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Badonkadonk,hard
,Recommended,250900,13035031,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is an awesome game. I thought the first one great and i'm only 14 hours in and i still have tons of items to unlock. The rebirth edition and the first game should keep my eyes on the screen for several days and weeks to come.
,Recommended,250900,12848382,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,gibz,game crashes and save files reset10/10
,Recommended,250900,12832443,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,NattyG,They improved nearly every aspect of the original game. Rebirth runs much smoother. Its a more enjoyable experience overall.
,Recommended,250900,13138970,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Hunson,"A very fun game about crying on insect-infested children until they die, becoming some sort of crying morbid mutant with superhuman powers, crawling into your mother's ♥♥♥♥♥♥, destroying her heart, and then suffocating yourself inside of a chest (or killing Satan himself).10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14813677,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,TheHelpBar,"This is a truly amazing game! Endless hours of entertainment, and really does exceed my expectations for it. Highly recommend this for anyone to play!"
76561198023067330,Recommended,250900,14810937,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,✘Strychnine✘,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and addictive that it should be banned.
,Recommended,250900,14860252,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Nick,This game is better than poon.12/10 nl scum
,Recommended,250900,12850101,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,FapulousChub,Absolutely fantastic game and even more better than the first one!! Great job Edmund and his team!
,Recommended,250900,13268502,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Bert,When I play this game it makes me feel like Isaac. Literally crying all the damn time. 10/10 would stress myself out again tempting the rng gods.
76561198071510520,Recommended,250900,24759636,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Ames,One of the very best rogue-like games of the past decade.
76561198129960339,Recommended,250900,24486559,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MonkeyNinja,"Pros:-Nearly unlimitted replayability-Countless items and bosses to add variety-Tons of extra secrets and easter eggs-Gameplay that is both challenging and fun-Plenty of unlockability to keep you coming backCons:-Can be difficult/confusing for beginners-There can be a good deal of luck involvedReccomendations:-Don't give up-Take your time-Use every opportunity-Play with an item cheat sheetThat's the basic list but this game goes far beyond that. The first time I started this game up I died almost immediately on the first floor. I then restarted and tried it again. I died within three minutes. As time went on I became better and better at the game, picking up tips and tricks to keep me alive along the way. When you play this game, it is very hard and while it goes only from ""nearly impossible"" as a noob to ""medium hard"" as a pro, this game is well worth it. As you play it more and more, you'll find that it only continues to add more levels of complexity and options. This is a quality buy and well worth the money. If you can afford it I also reccomend buying it with afterbirth.Overall rating: 10/10"
76561198065629468,Recommended,250900,24439824,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Oskoloko,"I discover this game via Youtube and after hundreds of hours watching it, I decided to buy it on Steam. At the beginning I was like: ""Meh, this game isn't anything from the other world"" How wrong I was.When I started playing, I had some bases and knowledge and helps me a little bit. I also started playing with the keyboard and run after run I get used to the game and getting better (Like all the things). After a while, I discover that I spend 100h playing this damn addicting game, trying to carry Isaac to kill his mom and strange bizarre creatures with his NaCl. Then I realised that this game was amazing.|Pros|-Tons of hours of entertaining gameplay.-Lots of items to collect, characters to play and funny achievements to unlock.-Hundreds of strange creatures to kick their asses.-U have to cry a lot to kill them all!-Be friend of the spiders and flies to conquer the lands of Satan.-Collect the body parts of your pets and don't be traumatized.-Eat mushrooms and inject syringes with unknown effects to be cooler.-U can cry scythes, lasers, nails and more!!-Dabu is the best!|Cons|-You will hate your mom.-Maybe you will lose one or more friends.|Recommendations|-First buy Rebirth and play it until you unlock most of the items and then buy Afterbirth.-I recommend to play with The Lost in Rebirth several times, I played with him more than 100 runs and I learn to play better and be more patient. In all of those runs I barely achieve something of the game but that experience helps me a lot to play better with the other characters and improve my gameplay.-I also recommend to play with a joystick pad. At the beginning I played with the keyboard and then with the pad, I had to get used to it, but for me it's more comfortable to play with the joystick pad so I recommend it.P.D: Afterbirth+ hype!"
,Recommended,250900,24561585,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Deported Man,A great game that shows a mother who watchs to much TV. A son that never had friends finds some intresting friends in the basement as his mother tries to kill him. After he digged deeper and deeper he found him self in a position that no kid should do ever you ask what? Don't look on youtube just find out on your own skin. The Binding of Isaac:Rebirth Great game.BUY THE ADD-ON ASSWELL IT MAKES THE GAME MUCH BETTER :)
,Recommended,250900,12793402,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Haole,"A+, better than the original."
76561198097015964,Recommended,250900,30705219,Posted: 24 March,all,Len,Killed myself in heaven10/10
,Recommended,250900,15070326,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TKOdarkshadow,Sad Child Simulator 2015
76561198180669739,Recommended,250900,30794828,Posted: 28 March,all,zurenkojeff,"This is the kind of game you start playing and say ""I'm going to play 1 run"" and then end up realizing you've been playing for 6 hours and you've neglected every other aspect of your life. 10/10"
76561198090333560,Recommended,250900,23691815,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,hogey99,I got Rebirth for free on the PS4 and thought it would be good for a few hours. I play this game weekly. It is infinitely replayable just because of it's large amount of pickups that randomly drop on each run. Every run is different. I absolutely love it.
,Recommended,250900,26739892,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tom,This is good.
,Recommended,250900,23761602,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zenoma,"Just an incredible game, with thousands of differents runs. Each run is a new discovery."
,Recommended,250900,19016678,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ESClaus,I have had this in my library for awhile and never played it.  Heard it was the best game ever but until recently I never played.  I am now hooked.  This game is Legend of Zelda dungeons inside the mind of a sadistic person.  This is a game that came out nightmares I would have.  I love it.  It is so fun to play.  10 out of 10!
,Recommended,250900,23938204,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bearloins,"When I first saw people playing this on YouTube, I thought it looked stupid. I didn't like the art style. I didn't understand what was happening. It just overall looked silly. Then I watched more. Then I bought it. Now it is my favorite game. If you give it a real chance, I don't see how anyone could dislike it."
,Recommended,250900,23739642,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DownicusMaximus,"The Binding of Issac: Rebirth, a Downy ReviewThe original Binding of Issac was a favorite of both mine, and many people who dabble in the realm of Indie games. However, will this sequel/remake live up to the standards set by it's predecessor? Let's find out, shall we?Story:The story revolves around a young boy named Isaac and his mother. One day, Isaac's mother heard the voice of God, telling her that Isaac is a sinful child, and that she must save him by taking everything from him that God claims is unholy or sacreligious. Being an upstanding Christian woman, Mom agrees, and takes all of Isaac's toys and locks him in his room. Afterwards, God demands a sacrifice, and Mom, now brandishing a butcher's knife, storms into Isaac's room on a quest for his blood. Isaac, however, managed to jump into the basement below and hide from his deranged mother. How will Issac get himself out of this mess? Well, play the game to find out.Gameplay:You control Isaac (or many other various characters that you can unlock by playing the game) in a quest to escape the basement, and, ultimately, defeat your mother. The camera is angled in an interesting top-down perspective, akin to games such as ""The Legend of Zelda"" for the NES. Isaac's primary form of attack is his tears, and he is able to shoot them in all four directions. When you start a new game, a random series of basement floors are generated for you so each run can be different, which VASTLY increases the replayability of this game. Throughout the floors that you will explore, you will encounter various objects that you can pick up in treasure rooms, shops and after you defeat a boss which will either enhance Isaac's abilities naturally, or via a usable item, whether it be one use or rechargable. Like the floor layout, the items that you will find are also randomly generated, allowing for a nearly infinite amount of combinations for your character to experiment with. Isaac responds well with each stroke of a key or push of a button, and it seems like the controls work perfectly with the camera angle given to the player. If you die, it is YOUR fault. Not the camera or the enemiesSound:The soundtrack to The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a collection of amazingly atmospheric tunes which perfectly capture the area in which you are in. Mind you, and this is personal preference, the original Binding of Isaac had a superior soundtrack when it came to the amount of amazingly spectacular songs, but Rebirth's soundtrack envokes a much better sense of the surroundings that you are in. Whether it be the frantic boss themes or mysterious floor themes near the end, Rebirth's soundtrack does not exactly pale in comparison to its older brother in the sound department. The sound effects are also crisper, better quality and of more variety than in the original as well.Graphics:The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth's graphical style is one that is being explored quite a lot these days: the 16-bit pixel art style. Whereas the original Binding of Isaac utilized a sort of Flash animation style, Rebirth looks like it was ripped right out of a Super Nintendo. This graphical change is a vast improvement over its predecessor, as now items look cleaner, more vibrant, and it seems to have that 16-bit charm that we are all so accustomed to. Now, just because the graphics are not as ""modern"" as they could be, do not be fooled, as the character, environment and monster designs range from bizarre and funny to absolutely repulsive and gutwrenching. Clearly, the artists put their heart and soul into their work on this game.Miscellaneous:The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth offers a spectacular amount of bonus content along with the main game. There are many different challenge runs that one can partake in which only add to your gameplay experience and allow you to experience the game from entirely new angles. Since the ""Afterbirth"" DLC has released, there have been additional characters, challenges, and even a new mode called ""Greed Mode"" which functions similarly to an arena combat challenge.Downsides:Overall, there isn't really that much that I find wrong with The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. The controls work great, the graphics fit the style of the game, and the difficulty curve is just right. However, there is one thing that could get people to be instantly turned off of the experience: the RNG. This game LIVES by a random number generator. You will have runs that are really amazing, and you will have runs that are completely botched because you simply got the wrong item at the wrong time or didn't get the item you needed at all.Conclusion:The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is, in my eyes, the quintessential rogue-like action game. Even though you will die (ESPECIALLY when you are first starting out and have no idea what many of the items even DO), you will enjoy it all the way through. However, this game is for those who are patient, want a challenge, and have a mind that is already corrupted by the worst that the internet has to offer. After playing it, hopefully you will have that ""Just one more run!"" attitude that I had after my first few hours.Score:9/10: Spectacular"
76561198029868886,Recommended,250900,24003708,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Summerland,"Pretty addictive and fun but has a learning curve. I would reccomend this game quite highly, though I heard the 3rd expansion isn't so good."
,Recommended,250900,13160222,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Maxsterpiece,"I bought this game and I love it. It is a massive build-off from the last one with enhanced graphics, more items and much more. Would'nt mind paying $100 for this game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,250900,12801726,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Praise The Sun,"I'm... Speechless. Yes, I know the original's music was amazing, but we need to move on from that... Getting used to some of the new sound effects can take a while, but really, that's people MAJOR complain about the game, so by now you are probably aware that the game is amazing.No problem if you hadn't played the original BoI (though you should, if not for the experience, just for that feeling that comes along with getting Platinum God), this game, once it hooks you in, you are doomed to spend hours and hours and hours trying to figure out what's going on, who you have to kill next, how the items synergize with each other, and, well, discovering the game along with the 70k people that were playing it yesterday.Haven´t played that much yet, but what I've played, it's enough. After getting used to the music and the new look, it's like riding a bike. Beat Mom on my first normal and hard playthroughs, but bear in mind that is just the tip of the Iceberg, AND also KNOW that it took me around 30 hours to kill Mom for the first time on the original, so don't get too frustrated.Play it. Now. There's no wiki, there's no big pool that contains every bit of information about the game, there's nothing more than a lot of people playing it. Reminds me of when Dark Souls came out on consoles... Man, those were the days.I only had one crash due to a weird bug, but nothing else ever since. The game runs smoothly as hell. You notice the new framerate, and it plays better.What I found that did annoy me a little, was that normal mode was extremely easy. I don't know if the blood that is shot at you is slowed down, or if the enemies are way more forgiving, but I personally found it easier.Other than that? GOTY."
,Recommended,250900,12931265,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Backterria,"The anticipation for Rebith was something that hadn't happen for me in years. I'm in my early 30s and i've been playing games for..almost 25 years.I like most of the game genres and i don't care about graphics, all I want is gameplay. Isaac is one of the games that it's gameplay is superior. It perfectly balances action and adventure and as for replay value I believe is infinite. There's just too many good things in this game. You have to try it even if you own the original (which I already put hundred of hours). Every time you press play you begin an adventure and that is what I love in games."
,Recommended,250900,14217868,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Harri$,9.8/10 -IGN
,Recommended,250900,13384875,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Kaiser Wilhelm,A game that loves and hates you
,Recommended,250900,14239553,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,🅽🅾🆇,This game needs no explanation.. It has grabbed many hours of our lives and will continue to do so regardless of updates.Many many thumbs up.
,Recommended,250900,13708678,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fuck me Gaston,"This game is like an adorable dog which you just want to play with for hours on end, but the twist is, the dog is f***ckin vicious, and when you approach it, it pounces on you and starts beating the living hell out of you. But for some reason, you keep coming back and you have no idea why. 10/10 would bang again"
76561198043057972,Recommended,250900,13462132,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheRafty6,Can't stop won't stop amazing so much replay value!!!10/10
,Recommended,250900,13060386,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,A L E C K S,"Brings back memories from when I played The Legend of Zelda Games on my gameboy. Expect beautiful 16 bit graphics, insane difficulty curves, lots of secrets, and a s*** load of poop. Conbines my two favorite game designs of bullet-hell and rogue likes but unlike Realm of the Mad God, is actually being made by people who know what they are doing. This game is dark, evil, and amazing. If you don't have it, you must beg your mum to give you the money to get it, and expect to not sleep for weeks."
76561198024999897,Recommended,250900,13582069,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Joyful Almonds,"You need to play this game, or we can't be friends."
76561198068270083,Recommended,250900,13703789,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Shawzee,its the bom
,Recommended,250900,13717321,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Syndra,10/10 preety gay game
76561198040101633,Recommended,250900,12834401,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[21T] Jagged203,"It's like the original, but in an actual proper language rather than flash. So many changes were made that even if you 100% the original you'll have a tough time figuring this game out. It's a great example of learning as you play, as you figure out if items are going to help or hinder you, having to find out what certain things do in conjunction with others. Level generation is completely revamped, mixing up familiar configurations and even adding larger rooms. If you're a fan of the original, you'll enjoy the change of pace and shift, while if you haven't played it it will draw you in for certain"
,Recommended,250900,13123148,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Mongrelman,"Excellent update to the original game.  All the content of the original and Wrath of the Lamb, plus a ton of new content mixed in to discover.  Includes Mega-Satan."
,Recommended,250900,12851448,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,moomooclown,"Better in every way, more fun, maybe a bit easier if you play normal and got used to the previous game. A must-have for everyone who loves rogue-likes."
76561198065204509,Recommended,250900,12790842,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Wii-b,GG m8 this is gr8 I r8 8/8
,Recommended,250900,12825349,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cheesesnakes,"Pros:*The game runs really, really well*Amazing replay value*Beautiful pixel art meshed with dynamic lighting*Everything from the original was re-done and improvedCons:*A major time sink*Eden sucks a fat one 60% of the time*Azazel is overpowered for a starter character*Cheap rooms that can and will kill youMeh:*Game speed altered.*Items re-ballanced (IPECAC and Dr. Fetus are worthless, Brimstone is twice as powerful)*Vague item descriptions*The Lamb is too easyAll in all, a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,250900,12835881,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Sokioso ©,was just killed by a pile of poop10/10would play again
,Recommended,250900,12885082,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,Amazing! Game of the year for me! 11/10.
,Recommended,250900,12885090,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Cubey,"Yes, yes, very much yes.If you liked the original Binding of Isaac, then you'll love this version.Remember the framerate issues with the old version running in flash? No more. A smooth 60fps even on low end computers.Items acting glitchy or not doing anything (damn you Rusty Key)? Not here. Dozens upon Dozens of new items that'll throw your character development out of the window and into the sky. The meta has definitely changed.For any newcomers to the 'series'. Do yourself a favour and get this game. There is literally no reason not to."
,Recommended,250900,12792073,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,poontang clan,ZOMG THIS GAME IS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
,Recommended,250900,12850827,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,chicken tikka masala,"Fantastic. The original Binding of Isaac was one of my favorite games--featuring hundreds of unique items, fun gameplay, great cosmetics, and more.Rebirth, however...It's just better in every way. So much better. And maybe a little easier, which is remedied by the inclusion of a ""hard mode.""If you love dungeon crawlers (or even if you have no opinion on them), buy this game. It's beauteous.Rating: Dan oudda dan."
,Recommended,250900,12841886,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Winston,"This will be the best $15 you ever spend. The synergies and item combinations combined with the new art style creates a familiar yet different experience. There is so much more depth than the original, which is unbelievable.If I had to play one game for the entire year of 2015, this would be the game. Each run is different in so many ways, and creates such a unique experience every time you start another run."
,Recommended,250900,12840106,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Soggy Wristies,"This may look like a rehash.But it is so much more.Consider the fact that this had significanly more people playing it than Call of Duty: Advanced Warfighter (?), just two days after CoD's release.There's no scale of measure that can appropriately outline just how much I recommend this game.Graham's Number/10 would bang"
76561197962954533,Recommended,250900,12791311,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Antony,"This game is incredible, the music is atmospheric, the visuals are amazing. i will always regard this as my favourite rogue-like game. 12/10"
,Recommended,250900,12792095,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Maryse,I can kill my Mom 10/10 Love you Edmund
,Recommended,250900,12792492,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Thelnobody,LIKE DIS IF U CRY EVRY TIME
,Recommended,250900,12807574,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,pooty toot toot,"With the same basic gameplay as the original, it's hard to go wrong with Rebirth.  Most of the changes have to do with adding things to the game, such as new items, new rooms, and new bosses.  Now completely rewritten in a compiled language, the game runs like butter.  No longer will it lag your computer when there's more than just a few effects on the screen.  The only thing taking away from the experience is that Normal seems to be easier than the original BoI, and Hard seems to be quite a bit harder; the original difficulty balance seems to no longer be there.  While this may make playing the game a little uncomfortable at first for those who've played the original, it doesn't detract enough from the game to detract from how fun it still is."
,Recommended,250900,12816168,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Prof. Pepper,"An upgrade of the old game in so many ways!No flash engine.Smooth 60 fps.Gamepad compatible (joystick movement!)Better graphics. Face it, it's true.16:9 instead of the old 4:3.Better musicBetter atmosphere.More content.More secrets.More prominent Legend of Zelda vibes.Seriously, if you were a fan of the old game, get this."
76561198036818139,Recommended,250900,12794998,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,✦ Luxina ✦,An amazing sequel to the amazing binding of isaac series
,Recommended,250900,12809624,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Wagnus,Poop physics well developed here but I beg the question; Toilet paper expansion pack?
,Recommended,250900,12805055,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Drygalinio._,The best game i have ever played in my entire live :3It was very very worth to give 10 euros for this gameI <3 it so much <3 luv
,Recommended,250900,12791510,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,bleddard,"420/10 ""It's ok"" -IGN"
76561197991986059,Recommended,250900,13338523,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Shaquille O'Wheel,Simply a fun game.
,Recommended,250900,13061923,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Madosuki,"It's like, The Binding of Isaac, but better. Because it's the same game, but with like twice the amount of♥♥♥♥♥♥as the original and the DLC. And Co-Op which is kinda fun, but only if you're both good at the game. Also some of the item combinations in this are crazy."
,Recommended,250900,14892108,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Skrunky Bungus,"What Isaac always should've been.This game has basically everything you'd want from a roguelike title. It's got a variety of characters for different play styles ranging from ""I just want to have fun"" to ""I'm some sort of masochist"" in difficulty. There are a lot more items in Rebirth than there was in the original or Wrath of the Lamb, so the game is even more meaty than the previous two.As always with Isaac, you're never going to get the same run twice (Unless you use a seed, did I mention you can use specific seeds if you want to play a game a friend or someone else online experienced, not to mention the easter eggs that can be found with specific seeds). I'm well aware that ""NEVR THE SAME GAEM TWEICE"" is incredibly overused when it comes to games with randomly generated maps, but the vast majority of the time that's because a game is drawing from a pool of about 20 cookie-cutter layouts you could get. In Rebirth, even if you somehow, by some miraculous chance, get the same map layout with the same room configuration two floors in a row, you can't get the same item twice because of the item pool system.That brings us to items. Just like the previous game, a single item can make (or break) a run. Most of the items in Rebirth are generally pretty fun to use and can be pretty effective, especially when they synergize well with other items already in your posession. Don't believe me? Wait until you pick up Brimstone and the Ludovico Technique. There's not much I can say about specific items that hasn't already been said, and a lot of the time what items you like and what items you don't will be up to personal preference, but I can remark on the idea of items synergizing with one and other. Synergy between items is yet another layer gameplay in this onion-cake of a game. Sometimes the synergy between two or more items can be even more valuble than picking up another item, which adds another layer of depth and decision making to the game.The music is pretty alright. I don't like it much myself, but that's why there's an option to turn it off and Steam has a built-in MP3 player, so whatever.I don't tend to rate games based on their graphics, but Rebirth looks really neat. The pixelated aesthetic looks great and evokes an arcade-esque feel without trying too hard to look ""retro"" like a large number of indie games do. The FPS cap that the original game had has been removed, and Rebirth runs at a smooth 60 FPS. To sum up Rebirth artistically in a sentence? I liked the original game a lot, but if I look at it now it looks wrong.Rebirth is a magnificent time waster that makes you feel like you're almost always achieving something. A game of Rebirth (for me at least) from start to finish lasts anywhere from an hour to an hour and a half if I make it all the way to the end, so I can usually pretty reliably kill time with it.All in all, a fantastic buy, especially for the price, and a fantastic game. 9/10."
,Recommended,250900,20897407,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"WIth 200+ hours into the original and 200+ in this game I have to say, it is damn good.So many different item combos.Tons of enemies.Lots of bosses.Secrets!You have such a wide choice in gameplay styles and it does not look bad either.The subject matter is hillarious as well. Growing up with Atari and NES I can appreciate the challenge."
,Recommended,250900,21949621,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,bigboyy420,THIS GAME WILL EAT YOUR SOCIAL LIFE MORE THAN A HORDE OF STARVING PIRANAHShonestly do the mathgreat tight gameplay+easy 60fps+mysterys+amazing graphics=LIFE WASTED
,Recommended,250900,29233699,Posted: 13 January,all,Luke,Fantastic update to the original BOI. Easy to sink hours into and a great game in general.
76561198127852445,Recommended,250900,26571572,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TheGAC,"The only game where you rely on deals with satan to let you kill yourself, your dead body, and your mother. In the same run. A well made, polished experiance. The top of it's genre. 10/10, will play again. And again. And again."
,Recommended,250900,12795476,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Red Communist Panda,"Very good game, for thos complaing about key board issues doin the option.ini file under c:\users\documents\my game\isaac... change the ControllerHotplug=1 to 0.that you silly peeos. Game is very cute, and very fun with many combos of cutie items i should know im a digmon xd"
,Recommended,250900,28210531,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Zozerozos,"It's hard to review a game like this, there's nothing I can say that hasn't been said already.It's great, quite frankly it's one of my favorite games of all time.I've put more hours into the Binding of Isaac franchise than any other series. (My playtime isn't actually as stated, I've played a lot more offline and such)There is a TON of variety in this game, you'll NEVER have the same run twice. There are hundreds upon hundreds of different items to pick up and experiment with.Of course though, there are positives and negatives involved with such a huge amount of variety:There are a lot of items that are just objectively bad and literally useless, which makes it a bummer at times to work hard for an item room/etc only to get ""rewarded"" with garbage.There are also quite a few items that are ridiculously good. There are items in the game that make it an instant win if you aren't the worst player in the world.There are also just a few downright unfair enemies/bosses/attacks, at times I don't feel like it's my own fault that I got hit, the game just decided it wants to kill you so it just kinda does.All in all though, the game is still amazing.I'll continue to play for many more hours to come."
76561198050446493,Recommended,250900,12798112,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,misanthrope_murphy,"Binding of Isaac Rebirth is easily one of my new favorite games for many reasons. Summary below.Good:+Controller Support+Not made in Flash so it actually runs smooth+Rebindable Controls+Enemies explode into gooey guts+TONS of new items, enemies, bosses, new floor sizes, and new characters+Local Co-op+You can see your seed in pause menu and can play any seed at any time.Bad:-Loss of free time due to playing game-No mouse support in menus and must be navigated via keyboard/controllerMixed:+/- I personally like the pixel art and new attention to detail, but there is something to be said about the simplicity of the old graphics (yes, I know about the filter but it only changes so much and I personally prefer the new pixel)Summary: Did you like Binding of Isaac? Then get Rebirth. A world of RNG goodness awaits."
,Recommended,250900,23941912,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lotuseater24,"A great game for the first 500 hours, then really just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that wastes your time. interesting items become cumbersome and you hope for the same items of the 300+ pool. Items designed for specific purposes quickly become the bane of your existence, and owning this on any other platform make this version seem pointless. If it's your first time playing, pick it up on PC. I will add that this is a great game the first time around if you stick with it, but do not pick up the expansion until you've got decent at the game, because god knows why you would need an expansion that adds another gimmick game mode, and more annoying versions of vanilla enemies. The expansion is not recommended for beginners because you will suffer through so much more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for not being familiar with the game. A great purchase in any case aside from the game becoming grating over time, and definitely not worth the purchase if you've already poured hours into another version. Between my absurd amount of time across all platforms and the original, by the time I got around to this Afterbirth was annoying, and the game felt like a waste. It's well worth it even off sale due to the amount of time you will get out of it, but I can't recommend it if you've already got a save file anywhere else.UPDATE: Afterbirth+ adds even more stuff that I wouldn't want to tackle fresh to the game, almost unfairly difficult, if you're a new buyer, do yourself a solid and buy the base game, clear as much stuff as possible and then move on to the DLC content or install Antibirth. I cannot stress enough how many times you will say ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" or yell at your dog with the DLC installed."
,Recommended,250900,12837659,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ace nugget,a gem in a very lackluster year for video games.
76561198070663370,Recommended,250900,12798848,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,HENBAN3,"Great remake, worth every penny."
,Recommended,250900,27173632,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tяixzy,♥♥♥♥ed up but awesome!
,Recommended,250900,12795110,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Akuild27,"Amazing game... Job well done in making an awesome game even better, personally played 250+ hours on the first game. If you enjoyed the first Isaac game you will definitely want to try this game out."
,Recommended,250900,12795961,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Bullet Kerplunk,I cannot begin to recommend this game strongly enough.It is sensational.BUY IT. IMMEDIATELY.
76561198043676670,Recommended,250900,12799082,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Old Goose Tooth,Too bad it was cancelled.
,Recommended,250900,12798008,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Taxidermy,"Worth every penny. Almost every single aspect of the original game has been improved. More enemies, more items, more bombs. Finally rooms that are larger than one screen."
,Recommended,250900,12798026,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,INSBDominator,"One of the most simple yet addictive rogue-likes out there. The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a remake/revisioning of the original The Binding of Isaac, released back in 2011. This rendition of the game features a pixel art graphic style (over the flash art style of the original), additional characters, each with their own starting stats and items, hundreds of new items, and tons more rooms, bosses, and enemies.The premise is simple. You're Isaac, a young boy who, upon discovering that his religiously nutty mother has embarked on a mission to slay him in the name of ""God"", has escaped to his ""basement"" and has to fight his way through hordes of monsters on his way deeper into the house. Okay. Maybe it wasn't that simple. The story is very heavily influenced by religion, even borrowing many names and themes from Christianity. It's satire to the fullest, so don't take it to seriously, and enjoy the context in which it contributes to the game.The technical achievements of Rebirth are fantastic. The original 'Isaac' is in full effect, with faster framerates, much less slowdown, and an overall more complete and stable experience. The original 'Isaac', being rendered in flash, was a fantastic game, albeit prone to lag and a fair share of bugs. Rebirth eliminates most of, it not, all of that. It's hard to say how much more stable the game is having only played through it a few times, and only scratching the surface when it comes to the hundreds of possible items and thousands of item combinations (the source of many bugs and framedrops), but trust me when I say that this game is POLISHED. It runs unbelievably quick, even with many enemies and particles on the screen. Now I know what you're going to say. My comp setup is the reason the game didn't run as quickly, to which I would say you've never played the first game. Flash was the main culprit for thwy the game ran so slow in comparison, and this update completely rectifies that problem. Little added changes to the game such as Isaac not freezing in place upon picking up items help to make the game much more fluent, a welcome addition in my book.The music has taken on a much more action oriented approach this time around, a stark contrast to the original's creepy/whimsical musical offering. This bit of change bugged me upon learning about it pre-game release, but I can honestly say that the action oriented approach to the music works fantastically. A good example is to put it up directly to it's older brother, 'Isaac'. You're late in the game, pumped by the final boss music, super close fight, subsequently die, adrenaline pumping and all, you're ready to start a new game, and the music reverts back to the slow, whimsical tune that dominates the first two stages of the game. You may not have noticed this if you haven't played Rebirth, but after playing it, it's really hard to go back. This time around in Rebirth, the first stage features the most catchy music in the game (in my opinion). When you start a new game, the music pumps you up for another go at winning. It's fantastic, head bobbingly catchy, and makes the game that much more addictive and difficult to put down. While I do miss the creepy atmosphere of the original 'Isaac', I've already played through the game many times, so the music has a negative effect in comparison to the action-packed music Rebirth has to offer. Overall a very pleasant surprise, since I was expecting the worst when I heard about the changes.Now the gameplay. Where do I even begin? The game is a shooter first and foremost, with the protagonist shooting 'tears' (yes, from his eyes) to destroy the monsters around him. Simple enough right? Now add in an overworld that is very much inspired by The Legend of Zelda's dungeons, randomly generates, complete with many places to explore, doors and chests to unlock, items and secrets to be found, and enemies and bosses to be destroyed. This is what makes Rebirth and the original 'Isaac' so addicting. between the hundreds of items, thousands of possible item combinations, and randomly generated dungeons, no two playthroughs will EVER be the same. Not even CLOSE.Items range from permanent boosts to Isaac's stats (movement speed, attack speed, attack damage, max health, shot range, shot speed, and luck, a factor that I'm sure determines the frequency of helpful items that Isaac comes across), usable items that work on a 'battery', trinkets that you can carry around to give special bonuses (only one trinket can be carried at a time, so choose wisely), tarot cards that can cause special effects, and a crapton more that I'm sure I'm missing. Items that can have a negative impact on your character. Items that can negatively affect your character's stats. ""Devil Room"" items that cost you maximum health but help you out immensely. Almost every item affects your character visually in one way or another, creating an unrecognizable mess of morally challenged pixels. The scope of this game is immense. No, I take that back. The scope of this game is IMMENSELY IMMENSE.Enemies are numerous, each with their own attacks, movement patterns, and perks. Some explode. Some shoot stuff. Some chase you down relentlessly. And some even run away from you in terror. The enemy design reeks of originality. I can tell you right now you will NEVER see another game like this as long as you live unless the man who created this himself makes it. Every bit of this game, from the enemies, to the bosses, to the items, ALL tie in some way to human anatomy, anthropods, and religion. And when I say human anatomy, I mean mainly what people consider to be the ""gross"" end of human anatomy, from poop and urine, to blood and vomit. I would call it repulsive, but I've never been one who is squeamish about matters like this, so it all comes across as very comical, which is what I think the creator originally intended in the first place.I would write an even more fleshed out review, but I seriously don't want to spoil much more of this game. You simply have to play it for yourself to grasp what this incredible little game is all about. So with that said, I whole-heartedly recommend this game to anyone looking for something fresh and exciting. If you've played the original Isaac, loved it, and can't seem to get enough of it, prepare to waste many days away on this lovely little game. If you thought the original Isaac and it's expansion, Wrath of the Lamb were big, you ain't seen nothin' yet.Oh, and a disclaimer. If you're a person who is easily offended at excessive religious satire, no matter how funny, stay away from this game like the plague. Your feelings will be hurt, and then there'll be yet another person crying about how this game spits in the face of religion and craps on the entirety of morality. Lighten up."
,Recommended,250900,12907691,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Josh,"A tremendous improvement over the orignal.+ Better graphics+ Perfect 60 fps gameplay+ Loads of new op and run ruining combos. I had Tech 2 + dr fetus... Couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also had Tammy + brim stone, kills everything in every room in one hit by itself.+ Insanely difficult secrets to unlock. No spoilers but, you could never guess this existed in 100 years by yourself.+ New characters that change the way you play, while also making old characters even better... sometimes worse. Blue baby, Eve and Samson are all relatively good characters now, borderline amazing for some.+ Tons of new items, more than twice the amount from wrath of the lamb.+ Tons of new bosses. Some really cool ones and some, ""What the hell is that!?"" ones.+ So many more things I could list but I think you get the point.Some stuff the game does badly.- Some enemies are total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and jump on your face or appear under you. Not too common but I feel cheated at times.- Forced damage rooms, a few exist and I really don't like them.All in all, I think rebirth is a much tougher game but easier at the same time. You can get game winning combos easier but you can also get combos that screw you. Without spoiling too much, there's hard mode and it changes a lot. Also some characters beating the game is absolutely insane. You'll find out what I mean. Rebirth and Dark Souls 2 are by far the best games I've played this year, both nearly perfect."
,Recommended,250900,13195324,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Heofonfýr (Cedarwood & Oakmoss),a game where you fend off various monsters such as exploding poop and mutant flies with your salty tears ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198072963000,Recommended,250900,13199859,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ReyDeem,"Really fun game, new experience everytime you play and you kill your enemy with your tears..12/10 would kill fetus again"
76561198066485945,Recommended,250900,19538789,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,msdldavies,"THIS GAME IS SO RAGE INDUCING AND SO COOL BUT I CAN""T PLAY IT!!!Before you start this game, cancel the newest update because it doesn't open your game!Other than that I love this game so much!"
,Recommended,250900,19540108,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,canniv,"One of the best games of all time. Infintely replayable and different every time. Hard, but entirely skill based. With the expansion, it's even greater. Just grab it already."
,Recommended,250900,19544989,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MrCrazyDeakon,The New Afterbirth Dlc adds alot more of cool stuff to this incredible game.
76561197973149119,Recommended,250900,13150216,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Midkem,if you want to waste your lifetime.... get it!
,Recommended,250900,19294783,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,FeAr,WOW I LOVE ITi have been playing this for 230 hours now and i still cant get enough. its many opportunities to win the game is awesome. its the game i like the most that i have and i play it almost daily. i rly love this and its far better in my oppinion than all of the other games.I LOVE IT!!!13 outta 10 heartformed cookies
76561198108898224,Recommended,250900,19243953,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Rum Ham,Amazing. Thats all I can say.
76561198088360961,Recommended,250900,19295786,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Penguin,"A little difficult, but amazing!!!"
,Recommended,250900,19281497,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Artemis_2002,10/10 would kill my mom's fetus againSeriously though amazing game!
76561198040677161,Recommended,250900,18557924,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,poopbubbles,poop/10
,Recommended,250900,19339462,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,s o m n o l e n c e,If this game was a spoon...It would be a good spoon.
76561198042852071,Recommended,250900,17446336,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,S4X-B0T,By the last floor I was a floating cat demon with the ability to spew giant tears from my lungs.11/10
76561198135375852,Recommended,250900,19429875,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Brandon is very gay :),"One of my favorite games and I strongly advise one to invest the time to play this game. There is so such to unlock and master. Not to mention, the game could have a different twist in every playthrough. I give it 2 thumbs up!!"
76561198044601633,Recommended,250900,17451900,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Androx06[CR],"I love this game, it's a tun of fun to play it, and if you put close attention to the story you wotld get why is called rebirth, or you can watch the game theorist video xD"
,Recommended,250900,16617645,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/fingerrub,hours of RNG fun
76561198044624964,Recommended,250900,19405134,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,A Spooky Skeleton,The binding of isaac: Rebirth is the epitome of what a game can and should be. If you enjoy and appreciate a good game do yourself a favor and buy it. You flipin' ding dong.
,Recommended,250900,19299896,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,CheeseTree,ruined my social life10/10
76561198078153456,Recommended,250900,19334205,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,InstantShiningWizard,It's alright.
,Recommended,250900,17978763,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Reel,ok
76561198188275339,Recommended,250900,19517283,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,oPlum,Amazing game.
,Recommended,250900,19404951,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dood,I pooped myself and I'm proud of it.
,Recommended,250900,12793794,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Jarod194,How to beat rebirth:Pick Azazel
,Recommended,250900,13989045,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Queen Chrysalis,"Restart, get the item I want? No... Restart, get the item I want? no. Restart again, finally! *Dies*10/10 would restart again."
,Recommended,250900,13372403,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,주스 드락은,Learned how to jump.10/10
,Recommended,250900,19413083,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,säl,10/10 would bang isaac
,Recommended,250900,19447123,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ClassiNess,"Talk about a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game amirite huehuehueNever did I think I'd ever say ""godammit I found the brain instead of the dog's head again"" and it be meaningfulBut seriously I have 150+ hours in this game and I'm showing no signs of slowing downSend help"
,Recommended,250900,19568362,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sir Nicholas,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥A freaking bald baby that cries laser/explosive/rubber/homing/bomb/brimstone tears to poops that literally destroys them!10/10 would cry again :'(
,Recommended,250900,12858932,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/fridgedot,Amazing Remake Of The Original Adding new items AND ITS NOT IN FLASH!!!!!!
76561198081656765,Recommended,250900,19448009,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Hollow Knight,"This game is THE definition of rogue-like. With a compelling story line, and characters with deep personalities you will want to read the lore over and over again. This game has endless replay value with over 500 seconds of gameplay per Lost run, and about 500 hours per Lost win, each character has their own traits, abilities, and very very deep personalities. To be completely honest, though, I believe that anyone who is anyone should play this game, it has a horrible, sinful sence of humour with disguisting metaphors, I rate this 11/10. P.S not recommended for those who don't like a lot of reading and storyline, but if you do, read the lore, it is the best lore in anyyyy video game. P.S.S This game doesn't have lore, and the characters don't have deep personalities. This review was mostly for comic relief, and I do think this game is great but don't count on it's ""Amazing lore."" Oh yeah, the dlc is pretty good too."
76561198152348877,Recommended,250900,19406088,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TH4B4,"I have played many video games and no other game so quickly made into my top 5 favorite games. I have never been so excited to start up a new run and see what insane♥♥♥♥♥♥i will come across. This game is not for the faint of heart don't let the art style fool you though. This is one of the darkest and most grotesque games I have ever played. This game may not seem like much at first but the more and more you do the more stuff you unlock, more characters tons more items new bosses. You may end up getting♥♥♥♥♥♥items and you may never touch the game again if you end up getting a bunch of terrible runs but don't let this discourage you. Alot of this game gives very brief descriptions of what you unlock and or the items you pick up which means alot is to be discovered. This game has so much replayability that it is insane. You will spends hundreds of hours guiding isaac through the various bosses and enemies across your way. 9.5/10 Would highly reccomend."
76561198144908924,Recommended,250900,17816888,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,lil pigerton,Fantastic
,Recommended,250900,13755213,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Divorced,Great game with so many possible builds. Gets frustrating when its♥♥♥♥♥♥item one after another all in one run. P.S. Spiders op with no speed.
76561198128156112,Recommended,250900,18817212,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lvl 6 Balbasuar,Ok good game1:Get MOM'S panties!2:Shoot Across the fricking room No scoping everything.3:Get Quad shot wreck Everything4:Beat the boss thats a pile of s**t5:Die to a F**king fly.11/10 GREAT GAME
,Recommended,250900,16585292,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ziwer,Awesome gameplay and climate. Soundtrack is the one of the better i've heard. I recommend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,250900,19169849,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,› DMW,"Fantastic game, obnoxious and douchy developers/designer."
,Recommended,250900,17400249,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dark Magician Girl,8/8 would dank again.
76561198148933394,Recommended,250900,17923532,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,hahhahhahahahahahaahaahahahh,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. A masterpiece of an game.It is prime example of perfectly made roguelike game.  Well balanced stats, lots and lots of items which are sure to make every time you play feel like completely different and cool art style.I absolutely recommend this game! It is the absolute best roguelike game I have ever seen!Just to give some kind of example of the content of the game. I have 600+ hours ingame and I still haven't beated it 100% and every play through still has surprise factor in it.Just to make the reviewing short I'm going to rate this a 8.5/10This is maybe one of the best indie games ever made and absolutely the best religious game ever."
,Recommended,250900,19805334,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Sky,"The binding of isaac rebirth improves on the original in almost every way, the game feels alot more fast paced than the original and its awesome,A must buy"
76561198072625965,Recommended,250900,17044776,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Modderkipje,"Hello everyone who is reading this ^^ (though i think not a lot of/none  people are gonna read this :p)So... you are looking for a game with awesome replay value, rouge-like and hardcore gameplay? Well, binding of isaac rebirth is definetly a great choice! If you were choosing to buy either the original binding of isaac or this one, buy this one. If you ask: ""Why should i buy this one?"" that is because.... litarly everything in the original binding of isaac is in the binding of isaac: Rebirth but BETTER (imo).I hope this review helped some people ^^Thanks for reading :D"
,Recommended,250900,19840288,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,AskaLuna,"Amazing game, Super addictive - 140 hours in and im still not bored!Challenges, Greed mode and hard runs keep you coming back for more!"
,Recommended,250900,19858624,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,nah man,im just writing this so people can see this comment.
,Recommended,250900,19854101,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Wombo-Combo,"You're looking for a game to sink in hours of gameplay?You want something that is different every time you play it?You want your games challenging even after you played it 200+ hours?You don't like the annying online games where kids rage that everybody is a noob?Well then here you are right, The Binding of Isaac (TBoI) is a rouge like top-down game, with RPG elements. You'll get placed in a basement as the main character Isaac and must defend yourself against the creatures of it. You'll find items and consumables. But be carefull, if you die you are dead and must restart.The more you play the game the more items are unlocked, so it is worth while playing it multiple times without getting boring. Keep training and getting deeper in the basement to unlock more hidden floors, rooms and bosses to finaly become the Real Platinum God!10/10 - Buy it or you will regret it!"
,Recommended,250900,19838423,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kaptain DTSW,"If you ever wanted to suffer with depression, insomnia, and anger issues all at the same time, then The Binding of Issac: Rebirth is the game for you."
76561198068391926,Recommended,250900,30660266,Posted: 21 March,all,shuusulli,just AWESOME
76561198058599962,Recommended,250900,19430127,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Madd_Davy_Cash,"I play this game almost exclusively. I love it. It has everything I need including a one hour win time IF I am able to triumph. I work, so this is the perfect break between jobs. I lurve eet."
76561198044456932,Recommended,250900,16937174,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Wisteria,It's okay.
,Recommended,250900,18771287,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,punda a,"sick game, all things you wanted in the first game were added here"
,Recommended,250900,19851314,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dr. Pepper Bitch,I honestly suck at this game but its so much fun and I cant stop playing
76561198042486672,Recommended,250900,27920108,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Pharaoh of Fluids,"I've had this game and the Vanilla Isaac, and I still play in today.  It is a super replayable, lovable, addicting game that I don't think ever gets old.  It is an easy buy and a must have for your steam library."
,Recommended,250900,23288614,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DonutCake,The only thing I can really say about this game is...It's the most replayable game i've ever played!That's all I have to say. Go buy it now!
,Recommended,250900,12817916,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,The Age of Cage,"If ever there was a game to be named after a religous transformation, Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is it. Rebirth takes all that is good about The Binding of Isaac: Wrath of the Lamb and adds flavors of it's own. Co-op play, rewards to speedrunners, unique and powerful new items, strange (and dangerous) new enemies, dynamic room sizes; the game has them all. The development team responded well to the criticisms of the previous game; enemies no longer clip through barriers, item synergies no longer break the game quite as badly (need I remind you of the Ipecac + My Reflection disaster? I do not know how these particular items have been rebalanced in this game yet, but characters such as Samson seem much more playable). On the topic of characters, I must say that Azazel needs some balancing. His advantages clearly outweigh the disadvantages. However, that brings me to the crowning point of the review. Any bugs or imbalances that appear through the next few months will very likely be tweaked, due to the dev team being very involved in the Binding of Isaac community. It makes sense, honestly: After spending years making this game so much better than Wrath of The Lamb, it would be a pity to see it fall short due to a few substantial glitches such as save files being corrupted (seems to have been fixed) and unexpected crashes upon completing the game (will be fixed in the near future, if not already). Patches have been coming swift and furious, something that always bodes well for a game's health. I look forward to seeing what direction the game takes as I play more and more (there is so much unlockable content!) and highly recommend this game to anybody interested in the roguelike sometimes-bullet-hell-esque shooter genre. At $15 currently, the game is a steal that will provide days, if not weeks of continuous entertainment. Stamp of approval right here, 9/10, 4.5 stars, whatever. What are you waiting for? Just buy the game already!"
,Recommended,250900,24147461,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gabilu,The best game evor <3
,Recommended,250900,19239026,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,コーヒー,"Great indie game: trading cards. characters, achievements, items, and for the love of god, SO MUCH POOP"
76561198050213883,Recommended,250900,13196975,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,jaded318,"Better than the first, a masterpiece."
,Recommended,250900,24159403,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,vidalbalkaran,Officially a Nerd x 1000000.
76561198167038881,Recommended,250900,24150734,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,LackadaisicalJay,"A fun challenging game for people who want a challenge. If you hate hard games, I recommend that you just ♥♥♥♥♥ out. NOW."
76561198197731459,Recommended,250900,16720837,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,RiverOfStyx,This is an amazing game with tons of replay value. Has slight biblical influences. Still a great rouge-like! :D
,Recommended,250900,12855072,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,That one spooky child,"this game has been re-born (heh,  see what i did there?) and its better in everyway, if you liked the binding of issac and the WOTL DLC you have got to get this game!"
76561198061603752,Recommended,250900,13753568,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Solinar Thevandra,The binding of isaac rebirth is a challenging rouge like game. It very quicly rose to the second place on my list of favorite games and has given me hundreds of hours of entertainment. The game is incredibly well designed and the community is better than many other games. The over three hundred items in the game make each run unique and exciting. I do not see myself ever growing bored with this game. (10/10)
,Recommended,250900,13793069,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Advocateツ HX4,Its a game. You like games. You like this game. Now go buy it.
,Recommended,250900,13558780,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Smile Doge,Love it.10/10 IGN
76561198067704949,Recommended,250900,13565943,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kwalt,The poo boss fight is the bane of my existence.
,Recommended,250900,13466902,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Whismy,"Love being slapped in the face by a game, then given something really nice, only to be slapped again? Love having your hopes and dreams crushed in a split second? Love having an amazingly powerful character that can still die in one hit no matter what? If you were able to read those questions, you should buy this game. Plus, there's DLC coming out sometime in 2015 that YOU can help make!"
,Recommended,250900,12911089,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blattdorf,10/10 poops
,Recommended,250900,12831447,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Jake Dog Ears,It's like a perfect game after the original one. Everything is enchanted.Except one thing that can't beat the original one. The Music.
,Recommended,250900,12976341,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cake,"So here's Rebirth. After all that time waiting, was it worth it?And I would say...YES IT WAS.The game took what made the original amazing and made it better. The way the game looks is a pleasure to the eyes and gameplay-wise, the discovery feeling is great. It makes me fell great as someone 100% the original to discover new stuff. New bosses, new rooms, new everything. Is real big for a fan of the original, and ENORMOUS for someone who has never played.It is really easy to get hooked up to the game as well. I played the co-op feature with 4 of my friends, and so far, all of them enjoyed the game a great deal, and 3 already bought it.If I recommend it? Absolutely. You should try playing if you have a chance to see if it is of your liking, and if you like it, even a little bit, I can assure you that you'll see yourself playing regularly, and always wanting to discover the new stuff that there is."
,Recommended,250900,12793675,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Osiris The Fallen,BEST GAEM EVUR  10/10Btw in devil rooms i hear the occasional♥♥♥♥♥♥being taken in the soundtrack
76561198028709090,Recommended,250900,12794701,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Spejslord,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,250900,12794980,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Sharon,Pros:FunExceptional replay valueAlot of different itemsAlot of different enemiesCons:The great Pre-Load of '14
76561198110850572,Recommended,250900,12795974,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,xSTAT3DxC0MB0x,Makes my bum wet
,Recommended,250900,12800357,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,*Beard flick intensifies*,"This game is what I call perfection. It has everything a game should have, even better I have found no bugs or glitches when playing the game.Even better the creator of this game Edmund is actually working with the community to make updates and DLC.This is a must get game"
,Recommended,250900,12800718,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,stay,The Bee's knees this one is. Play it if you like video games.
,Recommended,250900,12816032,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Trifungen,a great sequel to an amazing game :D
,Recommended,250900,12819724,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,shenzi,"This game is full of s*itLike, literally, poop everywhere.F*cking Dingle, man."
76561198035780202,Recommended,250900,12820674,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Harry From PS1,"A really good game with lots of replayability.If you like a challenging game, with many secrets and something new everytime - Then this is a game for you."
76561198038908125,Recommended,250900,15245942,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,RedRogue,"Binding Of Isaac: Rebirth - It's like Castlevania and Legend Of Zelda had a baby who grew up and then murdered them and started taking drugs, then learnt to ride a motorcycle and became - ok, I'm probably overthinking it.Anyways, as someone who is atheist, has never read the bible and has very little knowledge of the christian religion, this game is a huge eye-opener for me. It takes values such as decency, trust and love and then stabs them in the guts.I think a lot of the reason many people dont like BoIR is because of the dark, depressing, religious and often morally ambigous themes present. Anyone who has played Binding Of Isaac for any length of time will know that the game is very gory, bizarre, weird, and ♥♥♥♥ed up. In fact, your main way of fighting is by crying on your enemies. You couldn't possibly hit them with rocks or something. Punching them? Bah! Too mainstream.Beneath all of the toilet humour, constant gore and fly-infested monsters, however, there is actually a very complicated and deep story. The Binding Of Isaac is based upon a biblical tale of the same name - in which God asks Abraham to sacrifice his only son, Isaac. But then, just before he does it, God is all like ""No wait, man! I just wanted to see if you would do it!"" and stops him. In the game, Isaac's Mom (who is a religious nut) hears the voice of god, commanding her to murder Isaac. From here Isaac descends into the basement to combat the horrors beneath and to escape the vengeance of his mother.There is a lot of speculation about the story of the game because it is often so unclear and because there are - what - 16 endings? Something like that anyways. Not that you will unlock them all anyway.Which is because Binding Of Isaac is a rogue-like, which are known for being very difficult and unforgiving, often incorporating permadeath. To be specific, the game is a top-down third person sooter, and also a roguelike. The game definitely feels very arcade style, with the brutal difficulty, and the pixelated graphics. It even has controller support.However, the game also has some more modern features. Firstly, there are multiple characters to unlock, each with different starting items and stats. This gives them each a unique playstyle. The game often feels very Zelda-esque, and you have to use bombs and keys to navigate the randomly generated floors. The game will ramp up in difficulty the deeper you descend, leading up to a final boss fight with Mom. Although, there is actually much more secret content and bosses to find afterwards for the truly dedicated (I won't spoil what they are).Another huge part of the gameplay is items - these can do a whole range of things - from increasing your stats to far more unexpected things. You start the game as a small, crying boy with no clothes (your mother took them because they were 'sinful'). And then you find an item. Awesome! Suddenly your tears are on fire. What the ♥♥♥♥!By the end of the game, you have usually become something along the lines of a demon boy with tumours and drug- filled body, floating around with your wings, shooting homing orbital bouncing exploding flaming psychic tears, wearing a metal mask and carrying a dead baby. It's pretty messed up.There is also a co-op mode so you can have twinstick shooter fun with your buddy. On the PC it goes up to 2 player co-op, but you can have 4 players on ps4.The Graphics are absolutely amazing. For anyone who has played the original Binding Of Isaac, the graphics are a HUGE step up. I was at first a bit apprehensive at the thought of pixelated graphics, but they suit the game perfectly - and there is such great detail, everything just looks fantastic. The music is pretty good as well, and thankfully doesnt start to get annoying after a little while like in many videogames.It's probably time to talk about the difference between Rebirth and the original (which I also highly recommend, especially as it only costs 5 USD on steam).The first is the graphics. like I said before, they are completely reworked from the original in a new pixelated style (which, as I said before, I think looks fantastic).This is because of the second reason, which is that they ported it from flash - which the original was made on - so now the game is way better. It runs way more smoothly, it allows for better graphics, controller support, and you can now quit midgame and then continue your run.The last difference is the content. Seriously there is so much content in Rebirth, upwards of 350 items and tons of other stuff.I'm not sure if Rebirth would be a Sequel or a Remake.Honestly, I love this game so much I could probably crap on for another 6-7 paragraphs, but this review is long enough already. Easily one of my favourite game of all time, it nails it in every aspect of gameplay. It's addictive.If you can get past the dark themes of the game you will find a very enjoyable and rewarding game with a crap-ton of content to explore. I would give it ten out of ten rainbow poops.Oh, and you can kill Satan, so that's nice."
,Recommended,250900,14507849,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Weak_Sauce_Temptations,"Great Game, but It would be cool if it had Multiplayer"
76561198096606997,Recommended,250900,14360788,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,captaintarco,All the yes
,Recommended,250900,13483539,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Colapops,"im a cat with poop on my head shooting a knife out of my face while a decapitated baby leaves a trail of blood behind me, fighting giant ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monsters shooting laser beams. a choir in the background announces my plans: i will kill every bum."
76561198149221061,Recommended,250900,15587549,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bees,Ya
,Recommended,250900,15088742,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Fred Durst,Mega satan my♥♥♥♥
76561198103321290,Recommended,250900,15254099,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Boefis,I'm having tons of fun playing this game during school or just to switch with other games. Its amazing to just play whenever you feel like because you can just quit and load the game later anytime you wish!
,Recommended,250900,15274309,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ozzy csgonecro.com,Perfect
,Recommended,250900,15102264,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,KVIIILYN (๑♡⌓♡๑),Amazing and challenging. Improved and with lots more items than the prototype.
,Recommended,250900,13896752,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Badhamknibbs,Don't forget to cry on every poop you see.
,Recommended,250900,13898614,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Shoopy,Nothing has ever made me want to kill myself more.10/10
,Recommended,250900,13855256,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Iron,"Alright, first off I'd like to say that Im horrable at this game and I've played over 200 games over nearly 20 hours.ANYWAY,this is how I explained the game to a friend, word for word. It may not be that great, but its genuine.what it is is, a rogue like thingy where when you die, the games over, but along the way in that life, you go through rooms, collect the coolest crap you'll ever see and upgrade stuff in ways you didnt think would work and you unlock new characters by doing things and collecting achievments.  and its SOOOOOOOO FRIGGIN HARDIM SRS..... [For me at least.] so yeah....If you care about this stuff, [which you really shouldnt]The graphics are 16bit and nothing amazing. but they convay the dark sense of humor that the game has.Graphics = 12 tonka trucks out of an ipod                        12/1The Gameplay/Controls feel smooth and well done, there are not many glitches or bugs, and for those that are there, they quickly get smashed by the active development team.Gamplay = 4 tablespoons of lightly salted butter out of there wrappers.            4/4Finaly, the music in this game is astonishing.... I think that the music hear convays the feeling of 'your not going to live though this' without weighing you down to much. there arn't to many track though so the music may get boring after a while. anyway, its not a major part of the game.Music = 8 shattered records out of 4                                     8/4Final thoughts....This is one of the best games ive ever played. Eventhough you sometimes want to punch the screen after dieing on the floor before the final boss, it always brings you back because of its amazing adictivness.I give this game, a 70/40.[if you couldnt tell, i think the rating system is stupid. But i would recomend this game to anyone. :P]"
76561198075947926,Recommended,250900,14183329,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,GDani,I find this a pretty good game like the original one!pros:The FPS is amazing!Isaac O.RGASMS whenever he gets hit.New items.New bosses.New characters.Different graphics.cons:Bad soundtracks.Most of the rooms are a LIVING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! (You'll undertsand.......)Some bosses are not very creative.
76561198101647364,Recommended,250900,14197642,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,XXLninja,Super addictive! All of the replay value!Also great to play with a friend!
76561198066354854,Recommended,250900,13607702,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Злой Дагон,cooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllll
,Recommended,250900,13609355,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,csoffer.me,Your tears kill people.ENOUGH SAID
76561198042243855,Recommended,250900,13806879,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sporks,THIS GAME IS:10% luck20% SKILL15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL5% PLEASURE50% PAINAND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.But seriously though.
76561198136445387,Recommended,250900,13155375,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,it's ya boi,"I like how the game is all about chance and taking risks ex. the blood doors, sacrifice rooms etc. The pills are so risky like will it help or nah and all the helpers and horoscope helps are SO AWESOME. I would definetly recommend this if you are looking for a simple yet FRUSTRATING game. 10/10 -le me"
,Recommended,250900,13747529,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,CrackedGhostGames,"Some of the monsters say ""bruh"" a lot, so thats good...10/10 would bruh it again"
,Recommended,250900,13747711,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mikeyspinkick,"Did you buy the first one?  Yes?Cool, then you'll enjoy this one as well."
76561198170847518,Recommended,250900,13785074,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SammyRennie,"Great Game But PLEASE Add In Mouse Shooting, Im Left Handed And Its Really Difficult For Me To Play The Game. Please Change This Im Sure Lots Of People Will Appreciate It"
,Recommended,250900,13785358,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,My nama jeff vine compilation,This is my game of the year. It is so much fun and has hours of play with lots of different charecters that each give a different and special expeirnce. The games difficulty is unforgiving but as you play you will fell yourself becoming better with everytime you have a run. 11/10 would kill people with tears again
76561198143711520,Recommended,250900,17375024,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,spookzie,"I would HIGHLY recommend this game.Do you like retro games? because Ed McMillen sure does! From the pixel art style to the LoZ references to the ball busting difficulty... You can see the passion oozing from the game. BUT THAT'S NOT ALL, if you don't care much for the retro style the game still has plenty to give you.The game is a rogue-like which means that the levels, ennemies, items and bosses are randomly generated and that when you die, you die for good and your run is over (which is gonna happen a lot) you'll have to start over but everything you unlocked will stay as such. The game keeps delivering content like it's christmas with 12 characters, unlockable bosses, levels and challanges.The games Does include a huge ammount of RNG but your skills will be put to the test as a lot of bosses will require you to master dodging and learn their attack patterns. As of the time I'm writing this review a new expension is schedueled to come out soon with loads of new content.Also the game runs on Linux which makes it a winner in my book :D"
,Recommended,250900,23644150,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Gopher-looking head,This Game is amazing however I wish there was a free-play mode where you could give yourself items to test different combos and so that I can use some of my favorite items more often. Achievements would be unattainable during this mode.
76561198097163686,Recommended,250900,12852152,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,The_Rui_N00b,Nice game.
76561198008431954,Recommended,250900,26168265,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,#PlzStopSuck,Hell that was awesome. I want more.
76561198312614903,Recommended,250900,23796132,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Epic_Proxy,Absolutely Glorious
76561198094124047,Recommended,250900,23796237,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ej144 #HipsterStalin,This game has it all doors walls floors and lots of things to kill. And ITEMS OUT THE WAZOO! The sheer amount of content and offers so much replaibility
76561198118075030,Recommended,250900,23796539,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Beef Product,"haven't played much, but so far it's pretty cool i guess"
76561198018146874,Recommended,250900,23798993,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MadameSamus,I haven't been able to stop playing it. It's so bizzare and fun.
76561197960364988,Recommended,250900,23762409,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,RAMB0,"this game is creepy, sad, gore, hard and depressing BUT at the same time it's fun, happy, entertaining, funny and enjoyable. One of the best endy game ever made"
,Recommended,250900,21993727,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,InDjibouti,"I've played enough of this game to be ashamed of it. Everytime I see a library with The Binding of Isaac missing from it, I cry a little inside. I have lost my soul to this game.Buy. It."
,Recommended,250900,23770179,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ix^2,ravel d sayGGG
76561197993180443,Recommended,250900,23754962,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dr.Plague,"I've played this a bit. It's quite fun. One of the few games that I had the patience to 100% because everytime you play it, it's different."
,Recommended,250900,12930770,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Rip,The single greatest game ever created by man.
76561198202705040,Recommended,250900,21144526,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ﮎcңules,"Nice game to play in between,many different ways to playfor casual mostly"
76561198025279790,Recommended,250900,22669224,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,PanickedPanda,everythings horrifyingcry it out
,Recommended,250900,13101981,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Hollow Potato,Got killed by a giant poop. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,22698208,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Omae wa mou shendeiru,It's almost impossible to get tired of this game. I could play for hours and hours on end and always find some new rediculous combination of items. Can't wait to get the expansion whenever I can afford it.
76561198129145189,Recommended,250900,30628058,Posted: 19 March,all,Packalunch,Would never play this game. only played it for a few minuets and hated it
,Recommended,250900,15692277,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,LordSyntax,"As much as I love intense shooters with amazing graphics, sometimes all I really need is a simple yet engaging arcade shooter. Although some of you don't care about it, some of the best aspects of games like these are:1. needs almost no storage space2. takes no processing power3. doesn't use a mouse4. if you have a crap computer, doesn't make your fan go mad5. can play anywhereAnd then there's the highly addicting arcade experience, which sometimes can be better than the fancy-shmancy real-life graphics in other games. It's a small pickup game that you can almost play anywhere, and it just so addicting. Only downsides are:1. it's perma-death (don't want anybody to rage quit, although I don't care myself)2. it's a little dark (but the graphics are so pixelated it doesn't matter)And the price... c'mon, what else are you gonna do with $15? Buy a sandwch and a drink, or have endless hours of arcade gaming? But really, who cares. It's a great game, so just get it."
76561198006270219,Recommended,250900,14855059,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Pizzadeeg,"Best rogue-like game I've ever played so far!The replay value in this game is EXTREMELY high, since no run will ever be the same because of the huge amount of items you can unlock and collect!10/10"
,Recommended,250900,20347355,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Necroplantser,"I have been having a blast with both Rebirth & Afterbirth. Both the unexpectancy & humour in this game has kept me wanting more secrets to uncover. All this aside, i have a suggestion though. Why not create a sandbox mode whereby you test out different synergies of items, what you can and cannot do. Just a suggestion. That would make the game much better than dying to Satan by the Bible (oops spoiler alert?) :P i give this game 10/0.1 *thumbs up all the way"
,Recommended,250900,20877588,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kappa,have i not wrote a review about afterbirth? well... lets just say that in a nutshell... 10/10 would die on lost again
76561198132903547,Recommended,250900,16415147,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SuperDuperDrew #TeamShermy,"Despite the fact that according to steam I just started playing this recently, I have been playing this game since its launch on ps vita and a pirated pc copy (I didn't want to buy it twice). I only about a week ago got full completion, which is a long and difficult task but is still it was also fun. Part of the reason is because the actual game is just about 30-60 minutes long, but is meant to be played (and beaten) dozens of times. With seed generation no two runs are the same, which makes sense considering the fact that there's hundreds of items and lots of bosses. If that's not enough, the expansion for the game, Afterbirth, will be released soon which will almost double the content. One thing I really like is that even though this is a remake of the original binding of isaac, with improved visuals and the like, it actually runs better than the original. It could probably run on about any computer with a little messing with the internal files. This game is definitely worth the price and I'd know, since I've bought it twice!"
76561198072966257,Recommended,250900,20438016,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mafialho,"good indie, a game with a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,250900,16432461,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,OnePunchMudcrab,Noticeable improvements right out of the gate.  The new visual style is immediately appealing and the combat flows much better than the original.  Deffinately worth picking up if you enjoyed the original Binding of Isaac.
76561198173408638,Recommended,250900,14487310,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,bianca_amelia,Addictive!
76561198098501571,Recommended,250900,30683882,Posted: 23 March,all,QuantumAura,God damn I need to stop playing lol.
,Recommended,250900,12834631,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,oh boi,I cried all over the way to myself and i killed him.10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,250900,15516314,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,CnH,"Very nice indie game remaster. A bible inspired dungeon crawler with a lot of hideous/wonderful traits. With lots of characters to choose you need to complete floors and defeat crazy bosses. With sooo many items and random generated floors this game gets repetetive very hardly. The satisfaction feeling after you beat the game for the first time, meets with 300+ runs to unlock, collect and remember every item in the game.Basically its a dungeon crawler with lots of items, item combinations, enemies, bosses, stages and an amazing soundtrack. Get it with the expansion to get even more items, enemies, bosses.. etc.GL in your game."
76561198148262993,Recommended,250900,18753027,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cs Rive,"-get moms bra in item room-your are so discusted you have your moms bra-you are so discusted you have your moms bra you kill demons, angles, skulls,♥♥♥♥♥♥ flying baby demons, worms shooting out blood and even more demons-kill mega satan- REPEAT B)"
76561198072377063,Recommended,250900,22141630,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,NotHereToday,gr8 game very fun
,Recommended,250900,17114850,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Quixotic Dragon,boughtplayedlovedforgotbeen about 6 monthsremeberedplayedloved again9/10 would forget again
76561198108399421,Recommended,250900,19005161,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Sans,"Best expansion for any game this year, a great price for countless hours of enjoyment, and a good challenge."
76561198106151268,Recommended,250900,20460871,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,GentlePigeon,"27 hours, barely any progress 5/7"
76561198130632402,Recommended,250900,22049482,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Fruity,Yes
76561198134597794,Recommended,250900,24144531,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Witulek123,This game is great for players who like achievements. I hate it and love at the same time!
,Recommended,250900,20676407,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,all star,is so good
,Recommended,250900,19575866,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,dapper snache,"Great game, just one problem.So, I recently lost Lilith, Keeper, and the ""Greed mode complete"" thing for my characters. Wai? Now I have to do this ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL again. ;3;"
76561198216998121,Recommended,250900,21774285,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AnEdgyMeme,"This game gets a 9.5 out of 10, (In my opinion, of course).The game asks you to continue to unlock things, so you'll spend many hours to unlock things, like useables, to item pickups, like the d6, or the head of the keeper.Plus theres mods, so if you get bored of the regular characters, you can use the binding of undertale or better greed modes, (go to modding of issac for mods).Only reason it has a 9.5 is because of some lag and 1 bug."
76561198007812404,Recommended,250900,16403960,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Aquarius,Spent ay too much time crying my eyes out in this game. Love it though!
,Recommended,250900,12791256,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,mp3vsalex,Nearly better then the first game !  10/10  Recomended for players that have played and liked the first game
,Recommended,250900,17341059,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,FiveVi',Best game ever !
76561198080797364,Recommended,250900,24984572,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Crowmo,Great game that can be played for hours.
,Recommended,250900,13514388,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Citrinetiger,"Oh boy, Now this is quite the little gem we've got here... I personally LOVE dark... somber and creepy stories and this is no exeption. This game follows the original ""The Binding Of Isaac"" story but is much more optimized and has much better visual, bigger tilesets, more bosses and enemies, more characters, more body mods and just generally TONS of new combinations that can lead to absolutely incedible results. This game is chuck full of religious references, a really dark story and many hours of fun! If you enjoyed the last game, don't even hasitate to get this one!AFTERBIRTH DLC:Yes! Oh, yes indeed! Such a lovely DLC adding a plethora of new features, bosses, enemies, a new gamemode and a completely new end-game boss: Hush!The new gamemode: Greed Mode, was honestly a rebirth (ha, jokes) of the game to me. I played in greed mode for countless hours getting new acheivements and unlocking new items. But be warned, this DLC does make the game more difficult. If anyone enjoys this game, this makes it even better. I was not dissapointed even in the slightest."
76561198105690707,Recommended,250900,12857937,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Platniumsilver,"The binding of Isaac: rebirth is an a amazing upgrade from the original game itself,as a fan of pixel art, I already love the design and is beautifully made especially the lighting of the game. another great thing i'm happy about is the tweaking like effects of items, fixing the brim-snap, and also other minor things like the details for the items and the new ways to obtain the characters.This game truly has blood,sweat, some hard work (and poop too) and many of new things like items,trinkets, monsters,pick-ups,and bosses to flip your mind upside down if you played the first one so if your new to TBOI, your going to LOVE it."
76561198073165058,Recommended,250900,24965909,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ExHilEr8,"Fantastic. Just buy it, 15 dollars wont hurt you."
,Recommended,250900,13923396,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,THE OG ALBERT,The replay rate on this game is straight up 100%.
,Recommended,250900,24872256,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cloverbird,Definitely has the most replay value of anything in my library.
76561198150716107,Recommended,250900,19922827,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,erectile dysfunction,
,Recommended,250900,25534408,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Metal Gear Salad,very nice game
,Recommended,250900,25417328,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mr. Bojangles,what are you even doing go buy this game
76561198123392796,Recommended,250900,13337590,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Metapuns,"I reccomend this game to anyone who loves fast-paced and heart-racing games (or for me at least) and loves the pixelly style (""retro"" according to my dad). It's full of variety and every run is random! ...Well, if you don't use seeds. Also there's multiplayer now for anyone who has the first game and would rather read reviews than descriptions. It's not multiplayer like servers, it's if you have 1 controller (or 2) and one person presses start. Then one heart will be taken away from player and pushed to the other side and a random controllable baby familiar will appear. There's very many different babies. Also they don't look like babies. Who ever designed them has never seen a baby. MOST BABIES HAVE 2 ARMS and 2 LEGS! NOT 2 ARMS AND 1 LEG. There's many different enemies and bosses too. MANY! Just go to the wiki and go to the ""monsters"" or ""bosses"" section. I think I didn't do this right... Ummmm... Anyone who is allergic to blood, guts, and gore shouldn't play this. P.S. Always go in the rooms with the little crown and golden frame. (FREE STUFF!)-Professional Reviewer. Trust me."
,Recommended,250900,25378584,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[2Q2M] BootyTime,"Wow this game is like crack. Been playing for 5 years, and will continue to."
76561198295808326,Recommended,250900,25395531,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Abradolf Lincler,The level of strategy that goes into playing this game is outstanding
,Recommended,250900,18667238,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Just Endie,The game is really addicting. 10/10 would kill myself again
,Recommended,250900,13513097,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,｢Loser｣,"Much like its orignal it knows how to take the player on a thrill ride. A ride consisting of Satan, mutan siblings, dead corpses, meaty piles of organs, and last but not least POOP! If you loved the original, then why haven't you bought this one?"
76561198034346230,Recommended,250900,13513672,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pragnus,I rolled a die and turned into a cat-fly with lasers that could poop.Laser Cat-fly litter box of the Year: 10/10
76561198060921397,Recommended,250900,13954064,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Entire Population of Mexico,"This game is for anyone who wants a challenge, but doesnt want to feel cheated. Think super meat boy in the way that everything you do is your fault, the controls are so good that if you mess up, its on you not the game. This game is fun yet frustrating (look up the lost). Getting 111% (according to the game) is a massive chore in of itself but rewarding once accomplished.Overall 11/10 would recommend to anyone looking to either kill 30 min or 30 days"
76561198149554054,Recommended,250900,15465432,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,jjcat00,IS THE BEST GAME FOR EVER. (:
,Recommended,250900,17116299,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ALBANOFIFIS,"One of the best roguelikes ever made,extremely addictive and it's awesome and has a lot of content. I have played about 85 hours at the time of writing this and I still feel like there is a lot of content to explore. I am also a Linux user and the game runs awesome and it's a good port,it probably does this in windows as well. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,250900,30500247,Posted: 13 March,all,Hans,"Incredible game, never gets boring even after 200 hours because of all the items combination that there are in the game.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,16570458,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DaWizuhrd,"Great game!There is always somethings new to discover, unlock, or learn about the game no matter how experienced you are and it never gets old. This is the best game I've played recently and is currently my favorite.The number of different and cool synergies you can get with the various items is incredible and no run is the same as the last. Can't wait for Afterbirth to come out!10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,250900,13740896,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kinka,"Rebirth may be a singularly different game from the original/Wrath of the Lamb, but it is indeed an expansion and a huge one at that. Firstly may I state that if you were a fan of the graphic style and the OST of the original game then you may have to widen your opinions a bit as Rebirth is entirely pixelated and has different music for each part of the game. This is not a bad thing however as the OST for Rebirth can be just as memorable as the original- providing you give it a chance.With many more enemies, bosses, items, characters, endings and room layouts added, this rogue-like game has an endless number of potential hours for you as a gamer. Just a few hours in the game will no give you the true experience. You unlock more the longer you play and no same playthrough is ever the same as a previous.Also Rebirth has something the original didn't have. Multiple save files, 3 to be exact.And Co-op! Just hook up a controller and press start- hey presto! Player 2 can help you along the way. [And they can fly also.]I had 28 hours of gameplay when I made this review and I plan to cap in many more."
76561197999653699,Recommended,250900,17685805,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Heishi,"111%/100%It's just perfect, addictive, strategy, power-up, skilled based game ever made"
,Recommended,250900,12798041,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,The Manwich,This isn't your average everyday poopThis isAdvanced poop11/10
76561198169241883,Recommended,250900,17615799,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MLGPauly,This game is amazing... I 100% recommend this
,Recommended,250900,12806136,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,matt danish,There's a boss that literally ♥♥♥♥♥ out pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥and then they attack you. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,15028837,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Various Words,"I saw this game in my Steam queue and though, ""Hmm, made by Edmund McMillen and NICALiS? What could possibly go wrong?About six hours of playtime later: I hate this game, but I can't stop playing. The addictive factor is comparable to that of drugs(Not that I take drugs...), and that can be a bad thing or a good thing. It really depends on how good you are at roguelikes. I'm not good at roguelikes, to say the least, but I feel I am getting better. I hope.Oh yeah, also this game is really dark, so watch out for that.10/10"
76561198183902023,Recommended,250900,15035943,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,georgeweymouth8,It Wont Let Me Play The Game For Some Reason.
76561198069676563,Recommended,250900,15010423,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,DJ Kogeta,"Binding of isaac rebirth is a very addictive game filled with difficult bosses, annoying monsters, and strange things everywhere. you go from floor to floor to eventually kill your own mother so you can be safe from the wrath she was bringing down on you. overall this game has tremendous replay value and i highly suggest you by this game!"
,Recommended,250900,15010424,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,luxatile,"Addicting as hell, thanks to the really simple gameplay combined with the deep system of extra abilities and loads of secrets. Everything is randomized each playthrough, to the point where you might have two runs that are so wildly different they seem like different games. There's a lot of luck involved in this game, but it's always fun to see how well you can do on an underpowered run, or to absolutely decimate things when you get lucky and get an overpowered run. It's meant to be played over and over, and it's great fun to just sit down and play a couple of rounds every now and then."
,Recommended,250900,15013197,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,BathtubBarracuda,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,250900,15791437,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,boolean,Stop scrollin' down the reviews. BUY IT!
76561198178303898,Recommended,250900,16204083,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Parrks,Amazing
,Recommended,250900,13533509,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Don_Juan Dogel,A very nice game with lots of MLG
76561198123300991,Recommended,250900,15601921,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,BlackGardenGnome,"A dungeon crawling game with randomly generated levels and items Pros: Great level design, very well balanced, better frame rate, and an ultimate improvement on the original binding of isaac. Cons: too good.      10/10"
,Recommended,250900,17445866,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Kill Me,10/10Would♥♥♥♥♥♥on my mom's hearth and shoot bombs at it again.
76561198165083946,Recommended,250900,14769756,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,bradybrewer,I loved this game with the feeling of getting more powerful with the over 100 items to collect and the sense of dark experience of religion as you follow isaac to beat bosses like satan and his mother and even some poop. Makeing a posible over a 100 hours of in game for many players beacuse of randomly generated rooms so you never know what you are going to get.
,Recommended,250900,12803921,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,korvis,"The first game was great but developed in flash :rage: . This game is SMOOOOOOTH, as smooth as Isaac's bare bottom. There are significant changes to the game like new items, enemies, and room types. I'll enjoy avoiding murder at the hands of my Christian mother for hours to come."
,Recommended,250900,17389415,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Weevil,"This game makes me cry alot. Although out of the madness of getting really far then dying with amazing items. It is a wonderful sadness. A sadness that can not be filled with anything else but by playing more of, ""The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth"".  So do I recommend this game? Yes but only if you like getting destroyed and losing all your stuff that you have been gaining through the levels. Don't you worry though. You will come back and you will give those weird, bloody, stinky, vile, and disturbing creatures what they deserve.  9.999999999999999999999999.../10 best game to rage on of the year."
,Recommended,250900,17414574,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,TheGlazedGamingDonut,its a great game likes to mes with you and usuing this for exp to level up
76561198125680005,Recommended,250900,14363130,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,CrunchyTaco,"Ahh....This Game, The Original Was Amazing, No--Amazing Is An Understatment, This Game Is SPECTACULAR AMAZINGFUL! So many Items, Its Reasonably Challanging, And Its Fun And Enjoyable To Play!10/10!"
,Recommended,250900,17920736,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,timinycricket,best game
,Recommended,250900,17948518,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,timbz,afterbirth hypeeeee
,Recommended,250900,21320890,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,article öldü beyler,10/10 would cry again
76561198134725706,Recommended,250900,21259685,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,$2.59,"This game is a rogue-like where the objective is to beat mom and other horrifying creatures such as larry jr, fatty, monstro just to name a few. If you couldn't tell by the title this game is based on a biblical story called, you guessed it, the binding of isaac. It's a very, very long game and when I say long I mean LONG, i've spent 114 hours in this game and i'm about half way through 100% of the game. Also, I forgot to mention that this game is different every time you play the game. Which is AMAZING!To sum this game up it is a rogue-like,zelda(1st one) neverending game(for most people) which you will enjoy loads."
76561198111062901,Recommended,250900,14117801,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,thereal2,A game worth 15 bucks.
76561198155493621,Recommended,250900,15846747,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Baeculo,"This game really did something special (for me at least). It has somehow managed to make me invest hours of my time every day playing it, along the way also making me want to throw my computer across the room. Yes, there are many cases where I have have had no words other than ""well that was total BS"". I hate this game so much, yet I love it all the same. On a lighter note, this game is awesome! Ed and the team really stepped up the graphics, having a smooth running pixelated upgrade to the original. Also in terms of upgrades, the new bosses, such as Dingle and the Haunt, are all creatively innovative, allowing for new challenges and ways to kill them. Items also have been upgraded, having over 200 new ones to add to the already existing 100+ roster. A new sountrack lives up to the awesome original, maybe even more so. If you were reluctant to pay $15 for this, I highly suggest changing your mind; you will likely not regret the decision."
,Recommended,250900,21222792,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,FlyingPanda,Very good game
,Recommended,250900,20386628,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TZero,"Well made re-make of a roguelite classic.Plays much better then the original, with lots of great new features and mechanics.Graphics are a big swing and a miss for me though, although as a huge fan of pixel art i find it isnt done partiucuallry well."
,Recommended,250900,21287765,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,TalonRNB-iwnl-,"Amazing game, comes with amazing story line and a whole lot of items to choose from. The amazing assortment of items in the game make for a different run for each round. The game also comes with different characters that each have their own stats. Also comes with a ton of Achievments."
,Recommended,250900,21283528,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DaDave vagyok,"Best game EVER. So addicting and always different. Never gets old or boring. Greatly designed game. Fun. Honestly, buy it guys!"
76561198121391197,Recommended,250900,19076087,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Ciaran,Such an amazing game full of thousands of hours of content to keep you coming back. And that's not even counting afterbirth ;)
,Recommended,250900,21399025,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,WeTheShelle,:D
,Recommended,250900,13100717,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,StoveMaster,"A frustrating  Dungeon crawler with randomly generated elements, with fun game play and loads of replay ablility!"
,Recommended,250900,13098861,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,★ Conga ★,Yes.
,Recommended,250900,21442749,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Bluesparks,"I bought this game out of impluse during the Fall Sale of 2014, and I've never made a better decision in my life since. 10/10, one of the most addictive titles on Steam by far."
76561198079777806,Recommended,250900,13242486,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Morfar von Helvete,1-0
,Recommended,250900,21473644,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,VDV,I love getting ♥♥♥♥ed by RNG
,Recommended,250900,13480162,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Link,Just buy this Masterpiece!
76561198095044837,Recommended,250900,20337719,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,KPEX,0/10Easiest game ever.
76561197976820383,Recommended,250900,20372539,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,James,It's gr8 I r8 8/8 m80.
76561198042667968,Recommended,250900,18591318,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Barry Mikokiner,Best game on Steam.
,Recommended,250900,16951255,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Craterbob,Really good gameplay with tons of replayability and an amazing soundtrack.
,Recommended,250900,13399974,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,CrackTheSky,Just fun.... Buy it don't leave it.
,Recommended,250900,13365680,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Impurity,"Man this game is just awesome.If you hated the original one then try this one,it's sooo much better.Also love the pixel graphics and the soundtracks are just as amazing as Danny Baranowsky's in my opinion.Definitely worth the money for it."
,Recommended,250900,12812364,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[λ] Virus,"This game is so much more than the original. It's pixelated, it's got an ambient soundtrack, the new items and enemies are hilariously disgusting and cute, and Isaac has to deal with all of it at once.I highly recommend this game"
76561197964115588,Recommended,250900,14106161,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,gg,"Amazing update/remake of the original. Play this game anytime I get some spare time, great challenge and excellent way to turn some spare time into a good time. Keep up the great work."
76561198083700993,Recommended,250900,13580665,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jaysin,great replay
,Recommended,250900,13773287,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,WINDOW MILL,Its a good game.
76561198034125154,Recommended,250900,13796675,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,twist3r,awesome game :D
,Recommended,250900,13795237,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zexo,relly good game 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,250900,13812958,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ghost Hunters International,A real Tear Jerker. 10/5
,Recommended,250900,13173862,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,.gif,I now have an unheathy obsession... enough said
76561198042052468,Recommended,250900,13776775,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,bboy02701,"I've only played for a few hours, but here are my first impressions.The soundtrack, atmosphere, and art style are much better than the first game. There appear to be many more items, with more crazy effects. There are also more obstacle types, more floor types, more everything! Based on that, if you liked the first game you should definetely pick this one up.If you haven't played the first, watch some gameplay and see what you think. Be warned that the game can be infuriating if you die after a lot of progress, as it is permadeath. The themes are also a little dark/creepy, so if you aren't into that kind of thing, I recommend passing on this one."
,Recommended,250900,15185762,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Fine Fellow,"A good game that will have you playing for at least 130+ hours, and you still wouldn't be lose to beating the game. 10/10."
,Recommended,250900,19426807,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CHREEES,This game has hours of frustrating fun to offer. Would recommend to friends and enemies alike
76561198187411666,Recommended,250900,19999975,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MasterMewzer,Great and challenging game
76561198158841896,Recommended,250900,16828090,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sploder12,"The game is well made and has stunning graphics, only thing that annoys me is when i play my keys (wasd up down left right) get stuck ingame it does not happen to me in any other game though (including The binding of issac Original) so its a very good game that is awesome."
,Recommended,250900,13089824,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Vegeta,"Playful and casual game, but is very challenging and requires good use of strategy which is a good combo"
76561198170355422,Recommended,250900,20007159,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SuperSonic,if you like zelda. THIS IS FOR YOU!
,Recommended,250900,19168421,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,GIGACREAM,"The game is alright, except i can't whip to any of the music. So that kinda sucks....."
,Recommended,250900,14352219,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,am snek,"This is all I play. I already have platinum god. If you haven't played this yet and you have the $$$ for it, buy it now. Seriously."
,Recommended,250900,19962022,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KnoxPhox,Game of the year. Every year. One hundred thumbs up forever.
76561198155939472,Recommended,250900,19988869,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sir_Box,a very cool and addictive game. i always have a good time when i play the binding of isaac
,Recommended,250900,15764244,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Number,Good Game.
76561198083139119,Recommended,250900,20155879,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gabriel Delian,Perfect game
76561198107854731,Recommended,250900,20108556,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dennis Conagher,The Binding of Finding An OP Item So You Don't Die: Rebirth
,Recommended,250900,20106535,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Grandma Piss,yeah
76561198032676647,Recommended,250900,20114227,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jchizmar,Incredible roguelike with infinite replayability. Definitely worth putting the time into learning and unlocking hundreds of items. Great online community including racing and speedrunning. A must have.
76561198035566430,Recommended,250900,20131176,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Otaku n1,loved it
76561198041669944,Recommended,250900,14302006,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Helliondre,Very great game who will make you spend a lot of time if you are the sort of player who like rogue like game
,Recommended,250900,14266027,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,San Houdini tal-Awtiżmu,Very addicting
,Recommended,250900,14212069,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SnowyAeon,-Fair gameplay-Fun Items-Tons of replay value-POOP- and fighting Gods and Demons10/10
,Recommended,250900,13578700,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nuggets008,"This game turned from a game I liked to my favorite game of all time.This game has so much stuff in it. I have played over 150 hours of this game and still finds fun in it. It has many enemies, a big variety of bosses, over 400 items and every run is unique! Completing the game 100% takes a huge amount of time. I did it, and it was a struggle so I'm warning you, if you are going to do it, prepare for hundreds of hours to get consumed into this game. This game improved the original so much that the original seems like Sonic '06 compared to this. If this game interests you at all, buy it. You most likely will not regret it. The only thing this game needs is a better soundtrack, because that is the only thing the original has better.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,15148758,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,royalraison,"this game is the bee's knees, the shes a he, the pee's and keys. Love it keep playing and playing"
,Recommended,250900,14380365,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Bunk,Infinite replayability.
76561198056527648,Recommended,250900,13944978,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Laazarus,The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a great deal of fun (although I'm terrible at it). Each run brings something new and interesting. The art design is very cute/creepy.
,Recommended,250900,14392562,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Miia,"this is game is truly, a masterpiece it provides so muh diversety every time you play it. you never know what you're gonna get and how things turn out, it's all randomized. you can make hours dissapear like nothing with this game, and then when DLC comes out, even more hours will magicly dissapear from your life. 10/10 must own."
,Recommended,250900,13150717,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,spetsnaz,"I recently purchased this game after getting pulled in by the rather dark storyline, and the very pretty 16-bit design. The game itself plays very smoothly. The game has more of a dark feel to it, for example fighting Mega Satan. And also the fact that the character fights enemies with his tears. Keep in mind this is can be a very frustrating game, where dying makes you start at the complete beginning of the game. I was at the final boss and even with all of my amazing equipment, I still died. I got so mad I killed my dog."
76561197967519590,Recommended,250900,17373859,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Th3Clawer,Zelda 1 called. They want their Dungeons back.
,Recommended,250900,14513226,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dayv,"It's The binding of Isaac, but better in every single way ! It's an awesome roguelike that'll keep you on your toes. And, it's hard."
76561198158714318,Recommended,250900,16836868,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Invisible_why,"Lots of elements, losts of secrets and lots to think about.It is an epic game and I am looking forward to achieve Real Platinum God before the afterbirth DLC comes out (Just need to collect all the items)You'll find it never boring cuz you always want to play with it except you got really unlucky that day.Issac op with D6Azazel op with himselfSamson op with regenJudas op with healthEden op with luckLost op with his unlocks onlyAny newbies keep that in mind: DON'T EVER UNLOCK THE LOST!!!!!10/10"
76561198040715812,Recommended,250900,16491147,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cowbot93,I haven't truely enjoyed something as much as I did this.
,Recommended,250900,14346714,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Iced Coffee,An improved version of an already amazing game
,Recommended,250900,12793364,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,パンツ見る！,IT DOENS'T LAGDOESN'T CRASHIT'S BEAUTIFUL!
,Recommended,250900,15923214,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Papa Pop Off,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250900,17151436,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,aids,"Its a amazing game, i loved it when i first played it HECK i even got Guppy when i first got it! can u believe it man!"
76561198049814992,Recommended,250900,17110210,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Jeggasyn,"If you're considering purchasing Wrath of the Lamb or Rebirth, just buy Rebirth; it's essentially the same game + much much much more. Also, you're getting two games in one - Rebirth, which can take 200hrs+ to complete, and a secret character, which can take 2000+hrs to complete.Happy spelukering!"
76561198121579080,Recommended,250900,16863573,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Cyborg Franky,"This, is probably one of the best games I've ever played on Steam. I'm also addicted to the soundtrack. That's probably just me though.. Anyway. Yeah. This is an amazing game, if my play time seems low, that's because I can't play it anymore. The only downside to this game, ever. Is I can't play it anymore, and I don't know why. I always get the same error; Appcrash. My computer is/was able to run it fine before... If anyone has encountered this, and knows how to fix it.. Please tell me. This game is awesome.Can't wait for Afterbirth."
76561197999190673,Recommended,250900,16501253,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,thesupervizer,its awsome!!
,Recommended,250900,17262251,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ACH.Gustav,"Extremely fun game. It was challenging(crazy hard)at first but after gaining experience the best game I have ever played, thanks edmund!"
76561197983728282,Recommended,250900,22529585,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Omridon,"A top-down shooter with a macabre aesthetic, randomization of levels and unique combinations of items make for an addicting experience. Featuring numerous item and character unlocks with plenty of secrets inbetween, each session feels like it's own unique adventure that can be experienced between thirty minutes to an hour. Oh, and there's an expansion which adds even more items and challenges!"
76561198039461806,Recommended,250900,21840482,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,SGT Sean,"The Binding of Issac: Rebirth is a game I severely regret playing, due too how many goddamn hours I've sunk into this amazing, fun, and overall fantastic game.  The music is very catchy and tone appropriate, however slightly grating after the 100th hour of game-play, The game-play itself is simple and quick too learn, yet never really gets old due too how much the pickups vary game-play, and the sheer amount of achievements and bosses too unlock means that no matter how much you play you can still keep aiming for just one more achievement.However I do have one big issue with the game that I cant really think of a way too solve. Firstly, though the game-play is always different due too randomized pickups from an insanely large item pool, it means that there is only so much of this game you can chock up too skill. 90% of the time spent playing this game post mom's heart is spent just playing for an hour then failing due too you getting repeated ♥♥♥♥♥♥ items. This means that for people who spend hours and hours and hours in the game, so often we find that we gain absolutely nothing from it. This is mostly due too how big the game has become. This is the 3rd full reboot of the game, which also has an additional expansion for it included, so its no surprise that the game has become a little bloated in this regard. Overall its a pretty minor nitpick, as this kind of thing essentially comes with the genre, but still.Well, those are my thoughts on the game. I highly recommend it too anyone wanting too waste away their life playing for achievements while listening too podcasts, and too all others I assume you probably just wont play it as much."
76561198065336881,Recommended,250900,20796122,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Pink Chub,is gud
76561198056240197,Recommended,250900,20915996,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mikkelson,You deal with life crying at your enemies.
76561198063757589,Recommended,250900,22277767,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Gogglin the Elf,"Where do i begin, this game has been personally one of the best I have ever played. The most exciting time to play this game must have been the first 40 or so runs, the sense of discovery and new items around every corner made it so I was wanting to play over and over and over. Nothing can beat my first time discovering Hush or the first time I stepped foot into a devil deal. Now as I am nearing 1001%, I am still has satisfied as ever when finishing a tough run. The art style is great, the music is still enabled after over 200 hours (Which I can't say for many games), and the randomly generated maps make for some unique and entertaining runs. With the realease of Afterbirth+ looming, I can't wait to see what Edmund has in store for us."
,Recommended,250900,12851246,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,STanimal,Child Abuse Simulator 2014
,Recommended,250900,13049081,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Júnior,I hate spiders.10/10
,Recommended,250900,14318925,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Swedish Judo Chop,"Legitimately one of the best games I've ever played. Despite the frustration, the enjoyment of a godlike run is insanely satisfying. Lemon mishap won run. 11/10."
76561198071328151,Recommended,250900,19579080,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ChanningsTaint,Not bad. 15/10
,Recommended,250900,30980083,Posted: 6 April,all,CharlesD007,Fun game with lots of hidden stuffs and lots of replayability (is that a word?).
76561198064884157,Recommended,250900,28978424,Posted: 3 January,all,Viceak,"I've just now completed the game to it's fullest, earning all achievements as of today before the release of the upcoming expansion Afterbirth+. I believe this merits a good and well written review, articulated in its fullest in order to properly capture the whole of my currently experienced 187.2 Hours within the game. I hope that my words will be received with ease and comprehension, so that anyone currently reading will understand and appreciate how enjoyable my time here was and how enjoyable it will continue to be. So without further ado, let's get started.Game is good. Do buy. Will have fun.Thanks McMillen."
,Recommended,250900,20273376,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Luisca343,It's OK
,Recommended,250900,17826901,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,evan,"Do people actually read these? Frickin, shrugI played the original Binding of Isaac when it first came out, before the expansion hit. I beat it like once and then dropped it, it didn't feel like it was for me. I picked Rebirth up on sale after seeing it at SGDQ 2015 and thought I might get more into this. I've sunk something like 60 hours into it now.With full disclosure that I never picked up the Wrath of the Lamb expansion, I feel like this delivers on the premise of the original game more fully, with the heavily expanded list of items, the bigger cast of characters, the entire concept of Eden...this feels a lot more full, and it's currently just got me absolutely tethered in.If you tried the original game and didn't really care for it, I reccommend giving Rebirth a go. It's very hard to describe the appeal of Isaac to me, personally speaking. But it's just so, well-thought out. Like Super Meat Boy left very few stones unturned with its mechanics, Rebirth really digs into its own conceit and just finds so many interesting ways to mess with both you the player, and itself as a game. You can break this game as much as it can break you.It's worth noting of course that the game is pretty grisly. It's funny that I can play shooters and not really feel too put off by it but Binding of Isaac's gross, grimy yet ultimately cartoonish character designs and the very dark story it's telling make me feel like I should warn potential players to like...watch the out and prepare themselves. The game on the outside makes it seem like it's taking some cheap, South Park-esque digs at Christianity and pulling some stupid grossout humor on you. And to be fair, there is a little of that--some of the Mom items are pretty cheap jokes with no real substance or merit--but mostly I feel like this game's themes come from a real and earnest place despite the irreverent trappings.tl;dr addictive and creative roguelike that's totally worth a try, but be cautious going in. I don't blame you if you find this game distasteful."
,Recommended,250900,12839281,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Lunal,"Review for Afterbirth +: If you get Rebirth and Afterbirth, I would suggest stopping there for now. I cannot recommend Afterbirth + at this time. I have a full review as to why on the DLC page.Review for Rebirth & Afterbirth: I cannot sing this game's praises enough. If you loved the last game, you will want to marry this one and never let it go. This game has not only put a level of polish on this game that I didn't know I needed till I saw it happen, it actually managed to make a game I was already gaga over even better. The level of randomization is much higher, the interfaces much cleaner and easier to work with, the synergies between items much more sensible and freaking cool, the new items are wonderful, as are the new functions and characters and ahhh! Too many amazing things I could say about this game! It is a remake, that is true, but it is FAR from just a remake. I will play this for all of the reasons that the first had 500 hours logged on it for me and I will keep playing because this game does it so much better than the first.Have I said yet that I love this game, rabidly and completely? No? Well I do. Go play it and you will too."
,Recommended,250900,17874460,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Copycake,"Fun. Takes a while to get good at it and learn the items. Better than most $60 games. It's unique. Buy it.( I downloaded a save that gave me everything, but I think unlocking everything would be even more fun. )Rating : 9.75/10With Afterbirth 10/10With Afterbirth+ ( Don't need to play it in order to know it's great. Mod tools will bring so much to this game ) 1001%/10"
76561198177023726,Recommended,250900,20553178,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Beth Zehr,"This game is absolutly an upgrade from the first, which was already an amazing game. This game (compared to the first) looks way better and does not use the flash engine, which could not handle the things this game did. The soundtrack on every single level is fantastic and fits well with the atmosphere. Edmund uses very good biblical references (even though I'm not a religious  person, I still enjoyed the references). The bosses are very unique and the art style itself is phenomenal. The one negative thing I have to say, and this does not apply to me, is that some people's gameplay are slow and they will not be able to unlock all of the items, meaning it will take a long time to accomplish. However, this is try to make those players get out of their comfort zones and experience faster gameplay.And this is not  even including Afterbirth. Afterbirth took Rebirth and MADE IT BETTER. HOW DO YOU DO THAT. Oh wait, you just add literally everything else that you needed, like new items, bosses, endings, gamemodes, enemies, and more, more, more!I 100% recommend this game to anyone who liked the first ""Legend of Zelda"", but wanted more variety and randomness."
,Recommended,250900,33226820,Posted: 4 July,all,Sofémon,"Its a game about trial and error, pick up an item/ trinket that doesnt synergise with your current tears or compromises your survival then your whole run goes downhill (or not) but you will learn and remember NOT to pickup the My Reflection item with tears that go boom.Don`t like the difficulty? Too bad for you. ;3"
,Recommended,250900,18936473,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hello Yes This Is Dog,"I cannot reccomend this game enough, If you wanna drop fifteen bucks for endless years of gameplay binding of isaac rebirth (And the expansion AFterbirth) are most definately for you."
,Recommended,250900,17481105,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,too lewd for you,I'm not writing some super lengthy review because I can sum up how overwhelmingly amazing this game is in no time at all. This is probably one of the best games ever made. I am being serious when I say this.
76561198093302784,Recommended,250900,33190285,Posted: 3 July,all,Discount Snowden,"I tihnk that the geam is a very good and that it aslo has gud feel and music and much dread is hrd.The thematic consistancy of the game has suffered very slightly with the addition of Afterbirth (+). The controls, while nothing special, do the job well enough to feel rewarding when executed correctly. The real fun of the game, the synergies, are very vast and varied in nature. The initial unlocking of new items/characters feels extremely rewarding whilst seasoned players may find hours of fun in the many ways in which the game can be broken. Every character has a unique trait that makes each of them worth playing as, depending on what you want as a player, of course.The game excels with its presentation, but where it can sometimes be found lacking is in its boss battles. Most of them are fun, but not all bosses are created equally, and some bosses  (usually in the first 2-3 floors) are crearly preferable to fight than some of their counterparts. On the one hand, this might sometimes feel like a cheap artificial difficulty spike, since the boss feels much more damaging and enduring than would be appropriate for that point in the game. On the other hand, it also makes you always act cautiously, and destroying a difficult boss is oh-so-satisfying. Even more satisfying is fearing a hard boss encounter and getting an easy one instead.Giev gaem many monies and pplay it is a good game"
,Recommended,250900,22246472,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ur Brother,"You sell your life to Satan then get a dead cat.I'm talking about the IRL price, by the way, not the game itself."
76561198006277499,Recommended,250900,13787188,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,F3rRer0,After enjoying the original Binding of Isaac game and its extensions I must say that this game is even more enjoyable :D
,Recommended,250900,32981347,Posted: 29 June,all,Anomalous CS.MONEY CSOFFER.ME,It's fun.
76561198056344849,Recommended,250900,33204814,Posted: 3 July,all,GrifDaddy,Unlimited amount of fun for a low price. Just buy it if you haven't already
76561198297857175,Recommended,250900,29747297,Posted: 6 February,all,Mr.NeiJe,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is an awesome game.The story is great, the character has a lot of power-ups, there are a lot of challenges,lots of bosses and some references to other games.The game looks like harder classic zelda dungeons with more action and less puzzles.Every floor is random generated so you won't get bored quickly.You can replay the game a lot and I give this game a rating of 9/10."
,Recommended,250900,33205308,Posted: 3 July,all,Psycosword,Great game!
76561198121525501,Recommended,250900,19191673,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Xyronixx,Nice game that can steal your time easily.Start playing and you won't stop!11/10Edit: I was wrong - school will stop you
76561198135639384,Recommended,250900,33214377,Posted: 3 July,all,Snow Lizard Oracle,"Frustrating, difficult and loads of fun."
76561198218028476,Recommended,250900,33233664,Posted: 4 July,all,Sky up,Yay finally a good game
,Recommended,250900,19512660,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,JoJo,"Simple as it can get:Do you like simple. yet difficult games,which make you grow,learn and adapt? Where there is no holding hands and you got to figure stuff out? Are you okay with dying over and over and over and over and over again?This game is the holy grail for you then..."
76561198085827258,Recommended,250900,28961627,Posted: 2 January,all,Lookoo25,"I thought this game was so easy when my friend showed it to me 2 years ago. I played on normal and beat mom my first try at the game. Oh man was cocky after that. Then, I noticed that there was a ""Hard mode"". ""How hard can it be?"" I said to myself. I felt like I was playing Dark souls. I didn't get passed basement 2 for probably 20 runs.I accepted the fact that the game was definently harder, and kept at it. Now, I was the first to beat Mega Satan out of all my friends.I haven't played in a while now, but once the new dlc comes out tomorrow, I'm going to be back at itI give this game a 10/10Don't even let me get started on the lore..."
,Recommended,250900,20064039,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Daddys Mexican Ding Dong,I would rate a solid 5/7! It is a perfect game!
76561198083003979,Recommended,250900,28503943,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,H.y.BabaDook,"At some point in Isaac's youth, his father Abraham brought him to Mount Moriah. At God's command, Abraham was to build a sacrificial altar and sacrifice his son Isaac upon it. After he had bound his son to the altar and drawn his knife to kill him, at the very last moment an angel of God prevented Abraham from proceeding. Rather, he was directed to sacrifice instead a nearby ram that was stuck in thickets. This event served as a test of Abraham's faith in God,[citation needed] not as an actual human sacrifice."
,Recommended,250900,18430427,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ducky BooBoo,I lost all my friends because of this game.  10/10 would RPG again
,Recommended,250900,18632992,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Grannie Hoonani,Finally! a game where i can worship the devil and kill the poor with bombs!
,Recommended,250900,18664633,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Treevor the One an Only,The♥♥♥♥♥♥on the floor is good for me
,Recommended,250900,18684629,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,shadow96541,Its cool man. dude ye
,Recommended,250900,18926630,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Zarkonnen,Near-endless recombinations of abilities and a huge stable of enemies mean that each play-through is different and highly entertaining.
,Recommended,250900,19030063,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Chris O'Neill,"It's amazing, it's addicting and it's kinda messed up.Sorta like burning orphanages."
,Recommended,250900,19019755,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Magicmikos,Very addictive
76561198128600371,Recommended,250900,19023131,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Quixote,"Taught me a very important lesson, that if you destroy a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥you get money"
,Recommended,250900,18944202,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Corgiss,This game is super fun yet hard and ofers many play styles. So if you are interested in buying this game then do.
,Recommended,250900,19447915,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Raspurrin,Turns you into a masochist 10/10
76561198079206884,Recommended,250900,19466668,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Siglms,Three Words: Best Game ever.GG Edmond.
,Recommended,250900,19083965,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Magma,Great game and would recommend to all who enjoy dungeon crawlers. Practically infinite replay time.
76561198060572889,Recommended,250900,19464112,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Keys,is gud
76561198178025343,Recommended,250900,18502565,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,♥ Snowy ♥,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth...A great game, really! If you played the normal Binding of Isaac, you will definatly like this!Fight yourself trough the chambers of the basement, trying to find and stop your mother! A original concept atleast!Pros;+ Graphics+ Gameplay+ More enemies+ More strong and hard bosses+ More characters+ More Items+ Plays more fluid then the previous game+ Much more rooms!+ More challenges! ^^+ More stuff trough DLC, such as: Greed Mode, New playable characters, new bosses, new items and more!Contras:- I don't see any, this game is good.I hope I could make you buy and love this game in the way I do it! Have a great day!"
,Recommended,250900,18472953,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,b0ss2K,"The only game in the world were you can:Cry on a♥♥♥♥♥♥until a coin or pill pops outKill Satan and yourself by crying bombs, exploding tears or regular tears!Kill your mom and then a womb hole will open in the groundFight a whisteling♥♥♥♥♥♥and then he drops dog food and then you feel better___________________________________________________It's a very good game though, 10/10I really hope you enjoy this game as much as i do!"
76561197971301148,Recommended,250900,18450723,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki,Golden poop...10/10
,Recommended,250900,18438553,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Zeriah,"One of my favorite games, can't wait for Afterbirth"
,Recommended,250900,18440205,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,AilbhE,"Spent 350 hours (appearently) in this game, loved every second of it. I've 100%ed Rebirth and I speedrun it now. Hopfully I'll enjoy the Afterbirth DLC just as much.It's quite like Zelda but I love the pixelly style. If you want to watch people play, I'd reccomend Diabetech and Balls of Steel on Twitch, and PauseUnpause, Pyro, BdoubleO100 and Northern Lion on Youtube."
,Recommended,250900,18456050,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Crypto | Filthy Casual,10/10 would fap again.
76561198094232535,Recommended,250900,18301015,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Professor Dre,Made me kill my whole family.10/10 would decapitate again
,Recommended,250900,20334875,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Schmuko,Great fun.
,Recommended,250900,22386478,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Another M E M E in the Wall,"This game is fun for those who like crying naked children killing their mother, then satan.100/old memewould gain heart from poop again"
,Recommended,250900,13229369,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,shark bot,"I had to update my previous review after putting so many hours in.This is hands down the best roguelike game I've ever played. There are so many interesting item/upgrade combos, a plethora of enemy and boss types, and many more elements of depth that give great replayability. I have still yet to complete all of the endings with every character, or unlock all the items after 250 hours (including the expansions).Isaac also provides a nice challenge but it isn't insurmountable if you play smart and understand the strengths and weaknesses of your character and upgrades. I will say some of the challenges are downright impossible without a bit of luck, but that is to be expected.On top of everything else this game has to offer, the art design and music are extremely polished and the devs are constantly updating and fixing any problems.The only thing I'm hoping will be added at some point is a way to do the co-op mode online.10/10 can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,250900,12822731,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Psychosis,"if you played the first game, buy itif you didnt play the first game, buy it.an absolute masterpeice.9.6/10"
,Recommended,250900,12838795,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Jumbo,"Don't buy, waste of life."
,Recommended,250900,12854793,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sashuage,"Can deal with satan an then with an angel,11/10 would get killed by a poop again."
76561198120278400,Recommended,250900,13290178,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Crafty warrior,+ Infinite Replay Value+Great music+fun+Great Game
,Recommended,250900,13478877,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,X GON GIVE IT TO YA,I killed an abusive christian mom by peeing at her and using the bible on her.10/10 -IGN
76561198059410837,Recommended,250900,12921759,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Blackleather,Absolutely amazing. Worth every single penny
,Recommended,250900,12982587,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,danni,A lot of fun to be had. Only played it a bit but I love it already.
76561198101669524,Recommended,250900,14843835,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Pika,Dies too many times as nude children 11/10 NGI will play again
,Recommended,250900,14058945,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Koogai,"I put a lot of time into the original game, and I was super pumped when this came out. I could pour more hours of my life away! Finally! BOIR Definetly has the same replayability feature that the original Binding of Isaac has, but better. So many more items, so many more ways to complete the game, so many new everythings! This game is totally worth 15 bucks in my opinion, and I reccomend this to anyone who has played the original Binding of Isaac, the people that thought the game looked interesting, all my friends, my grandmother, my other dead grandmother, that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ man hiding in your closet, and anyone that just wants a awesome game to play. Also Chuck Norris."
,Recommended,250900,13675753,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Boner,the msuci video for bound II was way betterjoke/imfunnyHA ha
,Recommended,250900,14006451,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Scrooge McDuck,This game literally took over my life trying to get the perf synergy
76561197976217490,Recommended,250900,14099661,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Velcro,Just awesome..
76561198044175169,Recommended,250900,14145565,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Mature_Gambino,"Binding of isaac: Rebirth is designed too send you into therapy in multiple ways,Way 1: Unlocking the lostWay 2: PLaying as the LostWay 3: Dying to mom and yelling DAMN YOU MOM I'LL KILL YOUWay 4:Yes satan, i'll  take one knife, one blodo laser, and a pact where i sell my soul to you Satan ""will that be all"" Me ""yes thank you see you againWay 5:Experimental TreatmentWay 6:Getting platinum godWay 7:buying this gameIf you dont get  what im giving off, i'm telling you all to join me in hundreds of hundreds of hours of therapy"
,Recommended,250900,14075741,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Scary Gravy,Killed a poop monster with a fart and then Satan showed up.10/10
,Recommended,250900,14499748,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Conde_Cain,"So to start with, i remenber when i first played the first version of this game and was REALLY addictive, i just kept playing for the rest of the day without even fully understanding what was going on.Now when you start to get the mechanics of the game, it becomes a real challenge, when you beat the first final boss you will not be satisfied at all and you will want to beat her again and again and this go on until you get everything that the game could offer(at least that was my case on the first version), now think about it and tell me how many tittles bring that feeling to you, but also consider the simplicity of the game...This game would sure be on a top 10 list for my favorites games and it all started with a little flash game, so yeah you should buy this game whenever you can!With over 200 hours on the first version and 60 hours just on the first month of the release of this tittle(not more of total time beacause i'm trying a lot of different kind of games but i will get there one of these days...) i fully recommened this to everyone, unless you are the type of people that dont like some dark dark humor XD"
,Recommended,250900,14683646,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,stiaro,"Great game, very difficult, and very replayable"
,Recommended,250900,14610100,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,NuggetManCan,gud yes very gud much wow
76561198134083392,Recommended,250900,18762997,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tea,"First Boss Giant Poop,Give me a Mushroom,Eat this Mushroom,Sell my Soul to Satan and die,12/10 Would sell my Soul again!"
,Recommended,250900,18866007,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,BunChie,THE LOST!
,Recommended,250900,18867127,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,shock,if you dont have aynthing to do just play this
76561198057427852,Recommended,250900,18796178,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Hot Dgo,I got excommunicated by the pope for playing this10/10
,Recommended,250900,18738658,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Shadownover,"It's so messed up, yet so awesome!"
76561198131803677,Recommended,250900,18777139,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,RazerFour,I can only play Afterebirth not Rebirth?!
,Recommended,250900,18778666,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,spook kween,Was hyped for afterbirth. got home. save data was deleted.
,Recommended,250900,18786362,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,It's not everyday where I get to play a game that shows me a cutscene of people throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥at the main character and laughing at him
76561198089629772,Recommended,250900,19754597,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Professor Frank,top kek
76561198090113962,Recommended,250900,18715278,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,_destruct().,10/10
76561198076394965,Recommended,250900,18716983,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kagegami,Let's play for 10 minutes and go to bed...Wait when did the sun go up o.O9.5/10 would play the night through againDoes this Game even have an end??
,Recommended,250900,18564352,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,i don't even know anymore,░░░░█▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀████████░░░░░░░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,250900,19106664,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Keen Must Die!,SO! MUCH! POOP!
,Recommended,250900,19110332,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,filthy fucking anime slut,i lik this gam bcas isac cry a lot just lik me and he fite da bad guys wit his tearsisac if u read dis pls be my frend
76561198010474342,Recommended,250900,19432039,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Motmossel,Freeeking awesome
,Recommended,250900,19413974,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tama Derpface,"The amount of frustration and anger I put into this game just baffles me, as I still hate it to this day; Even after 96+ hours put into it. Yet there's something so profound about trying again, on the hunt for that new build that makes the game so amazingly fun that you can't put it down.The content feels like it lasts forever, and the combinations of items just seem endless. Especially now with the expansion released which turned the game onto its head and gave us so many new things that for the first month, even the most hardened veterans had no clue what the hell they were doing.There are only two cons with this game:1.) It tends to be very difficult to play on a keyboard. A controller is highly recommended.2.) It's extremely frustrating at times, when you have that great build and everything is going well, only for you to be stomped by a random room that is just all your weaknesses combined.I highly recommend it. It's out on Steam, New 3DS, Vita, Wii U, PS4, and Xbox One; So just about anyone interested in gaming can play it.10/10. Will scream at forever and ever, until I finally have all achievements and items. Which is never."
,Recommended,250900,19082256,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,mrfelixtech,teh binding of issac is one of the best games i played (bisides undertale)
76561198035395496,Recommended,250900,19246919,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,BarelyVintage,It's a pretty good game. Only played a little bit of it.
,Recommended,250900,19098907,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Zexxic,"SUPER FANTASTICALLY AMAZING GAME. HOOKED SINCE DAY 1, JUST WISH HAD MORE TIME TO PLAY IT. <3"
76561198255169915,Recommended,250900,19102515,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Hai~ 🍬,Very fun and addicting ^_^
76561198001077058,Recommended,250900,27328509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jeppe,x3
76561198077185661,Recommended,250900,28733029,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DARKLY | ranga1028,"after 225 hrs id say that this game is diserving of a look at, great for people who like the RNG aspect of the game"
,Recommended,250900,16695756,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Gustav,This game has more replay value of any game I have ever played before. I have played 40+ hours and I am clearly just scratching the surface. Just play the game. Play it now.
,Recommended,250900,12791528,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,anveqn,OOOOOOOOOHHHH
,Recommended,250900,18556671,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Gremour,"This is overhauled version of ""Binding of Isaac"" game, pixelated graphics and updated gameplay.When I played this game for some time, a remembrance popped up in my mind. This game reminded me a game on Sinclair Spectrum computer, called ""Attic attack"". Perhaps, the author was inspired by it in some degree,This game is true roguelike in heart, combined with mechanics of bullet hell game. I totally recommend this game to people, who enjoy both or at least one of those genres."
,Recommended,250900,14795843,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ShrimpsLOL,awosome gameHardfunfunnymake me crynice animation:D
76561198085904420,Recommended,250900,13124314,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MojoJojo,Best Indie Game Ever!!!
,Recommended,250900,13569536,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TwistXJ,"I like the simplistic style of this game and the art.  It is definitely a tough game (or maybe I just suck).  It's fun to play and addicting.  I hate that you can't save although you do keep your progress (deaths, kills, hearts, etc.).  Overall really enjoyable and recommended. Can't wait to play more."
,Recommended,250900,33157627,Posted: 2 July,all,Glacom,"i love this game, but is difficult"
,Recommended,250900,17654949,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Goonlow,"After putting almost 250 hours into Rebirth I have finally achieved The Real Platinum God, and it is only now that I feel worthy to write a review for this game. But instead of writing how I feel about the game itself, I'm going to give you a little insight on what the road to Platinum God is like, at least from my experience.Early days you'll be content just playing the game, unlocking new items and characters every few runs, until you start delving a little deeper, watch a few videos or read a few guides, and become immersed in the meta.This is when you'll find yourself looking to break the game, or become extremely overpowered. Whether it's taking a jera rune to the chest with blank card and master of unlocking, or finding Tammy's head in a golden chest when you've just dealt away two hearts for brimstone. You'll find yourself thinking things you'd never thought you would, such as; “ooh Cancer, nice!”,“I haven't had Proptosis in a while” or “Damn, wasted another lemon party...”. These are the hours that will be spent discovering amazing synergies and medium level strategies, and you'll love every second.Then you'll decide you want to complete the game fully before Afterbirth comes out. You may have already completed several or all the characters, no problem really, but you've heard whispers of that one hidden character that will change the way you play. First you decide to shoot for Platinum God, seems easy enough, already most of the way there anyway. Until you realise the items missing on your collection page, ones you've hardly seen. This will mean either flying through runs with Azazel until you find them, aiming for blank card + jera or even the d4, just to get a couple of final items in your page. It may mean restarting until you find an early Book of Revelations so you can have a shot at the elusive 4th level meat boy/bandage girl (or having sharp plug, pyromaniac/placenta, wafer and monster manual). If you're like me it might mean spending 50 minutes in a secret room waiting for Placenta to slowly replenish your health while you stumble into a fire with Habit so you can keep re-rolling until you get that bloody Black Lotus.You'll finally get there though and feel like a champ, but there's still The Lost. These will be times you spend building up hope only for it to come crashing down again because of a dip, spider or worst of all, red poop. However over time, you'll find yourself slowly getting further and further, just have to keep trying, you'll eventually play to an overpowered run and take down Blue Baby or The Lamb, might even conquer Boss Rush. It will be a grind, but you will learn a lot about the game and yourself over the journey, and after many many hours, you'll finally unlock the Godhead. Extreme satisfaction will wash over you, you now have every item at your disposal, you can now experience everything that the game is offering, and it was 100% worth every second.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,26905321,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robson Silveira,10/10
,Recommended,250900,14997343,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ｍєн.,Is better then lennychoo!... Maybe
,Recommended,250900,27152443,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sonovabitc,"First ever Steam review, just to say how awesome this game is. Simple, easy to get into and hard as f**k to master.Tons of items? Check (90% of them stack with each other)Cool bosses? CheckExploration? CheckAdrenaline rushes? CheckA sense of progress as you unlock more and more of the game? CheckSeriously, if you want a game that can be both a quick fix (about 20 minutes) and/or an all night marathon, I strongly recomend this game."
,Recommended,250900,27344122,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lightshow,"Possibly my favorite game of all-time. It is endlessly replayable and every single run manages to be different than the last. Massive variety of items, lots of enemy variety, and lots of character variety as well.Each run takes from 30 minutes to 1.5 hours."
76561198069776478,Recommended,250900,27464526,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Infamy,A good Game if you like challenges
76561198196859801,Recommended,250900,33286323,Posted: 5 July,all,Truth,This is by far one of the best games I have ever played 10/10
,Recommended,250900,22654910,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,piber20,"The original Binding of Isaac, but bigger and not in flash. In comparison to the original in terms of content, it's like another DLC. It contains plenty of new items and stuff. But that's not exactly fair, this is a whole new game we're talking about here. A new, fast engine, built specifically for this game. Smooth gameplay. The retro style looks very nice here as well.If you're new to binding of isaac, epect to die a lot your first couple times. This game is hard but you learn to overcome these difficulties and learn the mechanics of the game. There are a lot of secrets and a TON of unlockables, so this will keep you occupied for months, maybe even years, if you're trying to get all the unlockables."
,Recommended,250900,19757744,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Magnus the Red,"The Binding of Isaac is an amazing game. I spent hours playing it, doing various runs and the like. Lilith and Azazel stand out as fun characters to play as. The bugs and brokeness from Afterbirth are gone, and the game is just....well made. It's painful at times, sadistic even, but it's still an enjoyable, if not rageful, experience."
,Recommended,250900,25546398,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,redhotpeeshoota,this is by far my favourite game as it has no consistency and every run is different
76561198133115582,Recommended,250900,33353913,Posted: 7 July,all,OriginalName,"it's a real fun game with interesting bosses, items, trinkets, characters and modes that makes me can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,250900,27250981,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scottybaws,"Geuinely one of my favourite games of all time, could come back to this day after day and never get bored."
,Recommended,250900,13008284,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ツ,"cool little game, dunno if its totally worth its price!BUT CANT SAY ANYTHING BAD ABOUT IT!9.0/10"
,Recommended,250900,14225475,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,King of Zeroes,Cry your little girl tears.For once it might actually save you.
,Recommended,250900,15407700,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,MalaNala,Love this game!!
,Recommended,250900,15052841,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Rocka26,"The Binding of isaac Rebirth is a master piece of a game that all people should play. it's addicting 30 minutes to an hour runs, creates long sessions after long sessions of gameplay. speaking of game play... it's gameplay is that of the origanal legend of zelda dungeon over and over again. plus hundreds of items and their combinations to experience makes each run different. that's what isaac is adout, being different and an experience everyone should enjoy and play.Binding of isaac Rebirth.get a 9.7/10"
,Recommended,250900,13991719,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Leeroy Valentine,"I kind of wanted to cry after getting this. Ever since i heard about it a while back, i thought ""Soon as it comes out, ima get it!"" But then, a day before release, my laptop broke. After i got a new PC for christmas, i saw about the Brimstone hat. I cried over and over about it. How i coulda gotten it if only my laptop didn't break. I'm sure i'm not the only one, too.This game is way better than the original too FYI. More characters, more enemies, more rebalance. 87% Awesome. The other 13% are the times I died. If you buy on PS Vita, you won't rage cuz you're in public, and it'll be a great timesaver in doctor's offense."
,Recommended,250900,14299482,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,SbaJunior,"Like Sunday School,but with poop."
,Recommended,250900,14302750,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,professional cunt,Can't...Stop...Playing
,Recommended,250900,15193112,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,★ ItzyBlitzy ★,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is everything a sequel (re-master) should be, without a shadow of a doubt.- More Bosses (Harder bosses, both new and old!)- More Enemies (More ways to die!)- More Items (More synergies!)- More Rooms (Lose yourself in the maze!)- More Levels (Can't have enough playable content!)- More Challenges (Bring it on!)- More Curses (Yay..?)- And much more!While the art-style of the game has become more pixelated (which I think kind of gives it its charm!), the performance has only benefitted as a result. The original Binding of Isaac ran on a flash engine, and as you can imagine, when s*** hit the fan the application had a bit of a seizure. It would chug along, threatening to grind to a complete halt at times... though, of course this only happened from time to time... it was still a bit of a pain. Now, replaced with a much more efficient and stable engine (expect 60fps at least on most PCs), the game runs like a dream.- New Art- New Soundtrack (Different in many respects from the original, but still gets my blood pumping!)- New Endings- New Ways To Play (Introducing a level seed system!)I loved the first Binding of Isaac, and this sequel/remake is everything it should be.Gameplay 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Replay Value 20/10Social life 0/10Damage Up  +0.5Range Up +1.2Tears Down -0.2Shot Speed -0.3Tear Height +0.8100/10 - would Godhead again! ;D"
76561198132548555,Recommended,250900,15607224,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Jingle,this game made my nipples moist 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,250900,15720796,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Grey Wolf,"The Binding of Issac: Rebirth is a over the top, gory, and gross hell ride through a small naked boy's adventure in the depths of your house, caves, underground, your mother's womb and other places and it is perfect. With a total of 10 playable characters, 100+ hours of gameplay, 450+ items to be found, co-op, and poop, The Binding Of Issac: Rebirth will keep you locked to your computer screen as much as cat videos on youtube. 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13195079,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Awesomah Powah! v2.5,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth + AfterBirthIf the Legend of Zelda only took its dungeon element from it the game (the classic top-down version), and that had sex with Cthulhu. Then, and only then would you come close to Binding of Isaac.Rebirth takes what was a great rouge-like dungeon crawler and basically adds everything you could ever want in a full update. You want a new rooms, boom! There are a ton of them now, bigger, harder, fuller? Did you want new item? Ka-boom! there over 150 new items, some even game breaking.AfterBirth just adds to what is already a great game and makes it even greater...More items, more bosses, more Isaac! When a Steam sale is around, pretty much a must buy!Pro – Updated everything. looks feels and sounds better than ever before.Con – This is not really a con but let's face it... it is insanely hard. You get 1 life... use it well.Verdict – If you don't already have Rebirth? Follow these steps...Step 1.  Take your keyboard and smash it against your face. but If you have ""rebirth"" but not ""afterbirth"" follow step one till you buy it."
,Recommended,250900,18979540,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,e g g,IIIIISSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCC
,Recommended,250900,33248574,Posted: 4 July,all,TechWarlock,Probably the best game I've ever played
,Recommended,250900,32961551,Posted: 28 June,all,Captain Hindsight,"Amazing game. Simple to understand, near infinite combinations of items.Plus mods? Easy answer if to buy or not."
76561197961386710,Recommended,250900,26911091,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,50cal Aspirin,It's alright.
76561197960277861,Recommended,250900,27058062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[STA] Cheeto,"All of the gore of the original, twice the 'story' and gameplay. None of the bugs."
,Recommended,250900,33222927,Posted: 4 July,all,Shaggy McBaggy,Godly rougelike. 10/10. Stop reading this and buy it. DLC only improves the experience.
76561198000366810,Recommended,250900,32164851,Posted: 3 June,all,i heart robots,Flippin amazing!
,Recommended,250900,22203049,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Peffy,"This is a great game :3takes the original and upgrades on virtual everything.new items+ great new items, fun effects makes runs even more fun and sometimes challenging+ They also worked on making items work together better, example (tammys head & brimstone tears) now you shoot brimstone out in all 8 direction, makes it more fun to find some awesome combos.new enemys+ great enemy variety, fun patterns to memories.+ new awesome bosses, like the new bullet-hell boss.+ ups the challenge of the original ten fold (I like this)new room styles+ new room sizes, like that i can fight monstro in a very narrow corridor.+ new room traps and gimmicks like that.Better performance allround+ no lagging, even with a million things on screen (old one suffered from that)+ Havn't had a single crash/freeze or bug with 100+ hours (thats a major win by todays standard)Only 1 negative- Even though the music in rebirth is good, it falls a bit short in comparison to the original.I would say that this is a sure fire game, and i would buy rebirth over the original, feels and IS better in every aspect.Ive had alot of fun with this, and would recommend it.((Update)) They added a bunch of more stuff to the game, add that to the + side"
76561197967812802,Recommended,250900,33283691,Posted: 5 July,all,Une,"I love this game. There is a learning curve and a lot of new players may be put off by the initial difficulty of the game, but if you take the time to unlock items and actually learn what they do you'll have hours of fun making overpowered Isaac decimate rooms."
76561198135488852,Recommended,250900,29524356,Posted: 27 January,all,Dumb Idiot,"Rekindled my love for this game <3Was great fun, should definatly buy.DLC is a hit or miss with most people.Early game is skill based and memory, late game is luck based on the items you may or may not find.Yes I reccomend but dont jump in expecting instant wins. 90% game has to be unlocked through secrets and challenges and by beating bosses over and over. OP items are rare.oh yeaand ♥♥♥♥ BLOAT"
,Recommended,250900,33264820,Posted: 5 July,all,XenoGenic,"If there's one sentence how I can describe this game. It would be...Never the same. (Expect the boss rooms)Binding of Isaac, is that one game that has so much repeatable value, so many ways how to play the game and study it along the way. Being an RnG game, you will never get the same rooms, the same items, the same enemies, or even the same luck as you did with your runs, this game has something that alot of games don't have today. An unlimited play style.Futhermore understanding the whole game as you go. You start off as this child, not knowing what's ahead of you, you learn everything and eventually start to know how to do it all. With further mod support, this game keeps impressing me.If you are to get the DLCs, I would strongly recommend AfterBirth and Less Likely AfterBirth+.There is a free fan made DLC called Antibirth, which is worth the download."
,Recommended,250900,32880021,Posted: 27 June,all,rainytaxi,demonic themed cutest game ever <3
,Recommended,250900,13751236,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Blank☆Cthulhu,Best thing since the invention of toilet paper
,Recommended,250900,32586976,Posted: 20 June,all,ansA.,"Finally a game about popping pills, doing shrooms and killing mothers"
76561198206424276,Recommended,250900,33038425,Posted: 30 June,all,Rythian64,Are you wondering weather to get this or not?Just get it...   *drop's mic*
76561198182471047,Recommended,250900,19191955,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Grish,Get money from poop....11/10 best game
76561198051472765,Recommended,250900,14653001,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ApolloST,Amazing game. nuff said
76561198134938811,Recommended,250900,14739821,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ya boi,Child abuse simulator 2785
,Recommended,250900,13459233,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,"Hungry, Queen of Moths","Think about this, Do you games that are never the same? do you like games that could get you the best (or worst) item at the start? do you like games where you can kill organs with your tears? just buy the game."
,Recommended,250900,13468543,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,King AGVI 2.0,Huge replayability. Cannot put the game down. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,250900,13612183,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,delton,I farted on a happy poop and then the poop exploded.10/10 - ♥♥♥♥ing Brilliant.
,Recommended,250900,13551459,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Aitoraco,AMAZING
,Recommended,250900,13443064,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,POOP IS,"Namegayness levelJohn65Gitte40Sussie19as you can see on this chart i constructed by myself, this game is good."
,Recommended,250900,13335543,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,(っ◔◡◔)っ ♥Chilli♥,"Totally illuminated my life into the extremes, also used as a hiring tool for the free masons/illuminati. heheheh"
,Recommended,250900,13365536,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Exodus,"As someone who has played the original Binding of Isaac game and the Wrath of the Lamb DLC for it, I'd be undecided in making a positive review for this game.Binding of Isaac: Rebirth adds a plethora of new content, from hundreds of new items, to new characters, enemies, bosses, combinations and so much more. Considering it no longer runs in Flash, a lot of the restrictions have been disabled and freedom is rife. The game itself is fantastic in it's way of putting players into the game upon first starting. Whether you have played the previous game or not, it welcomes you into it with the basic controls and lets you just get on with it. You will have no idea what half of anything does in the game, and that is the purpose of it.The idea is that you play this game dozens upon dozens of times over to unlock new stuff, I may not have played a lot thus far, but I already know that there is mountains of content still left unexplored. Whether you are a new player or older player, this game is probably for you. A gritty, sadistic and vile roguelike centred around the trials of a baby with several personalities escaping from his overly-religious mother who is attempting to sacrifice him to God. Sounds ♥♥♥♥ed up? That's because it is. Welcome to the Binding of Isaac.(The only negative point I have about this game is that I preferred the old music created by Danny Baranowsky. Now, I believe it was created and performed by Matthias Bossi and Jon Evans (and anyone else I may have forgotten). While I do enjoy the music in Rebirth, I prefer the music that Danny Baranowsky had created over this one.)"
76561198070557790,Recommended,250900,13366893,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Bluster Kong,Killing your own mother by crying on her then crawling inside of her womb and procceding to kill her from the inside isnt as easy in real life as in this game.
76561198036915521,Recommended,250900,13374683,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Blue,Like Skyrim with naked boys.
,Recommended,250900,13305477,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,The French Pyro Waffle,"Started the game as a bold kid crying so much like he was one of those toxic kids who died in COD and finished the game as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, one-eyed, laser shooting demon with flies and a bum who steals all the money on the floor (greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).69/69-IGNStill a better love story than twilight."
,Recommended,250900,15772329,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,jane,See brimstone. pick it up. die. WORTH!!!!
76561198035092622,Recommended,250900,13758920,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ry The Guy,"Super fun game, no complaints all RNG based so every run is unique(from items to map layout and everything in between)so much better(smoother) then the original, and you have to fight really strange or disturbing enemies/bosses with your tears man, your TEARS see, crying does solve all of your problems. 10/10."
,Recommended,250900,13768401,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dr. lame McNICEONE!,"After putting about 13 hours into the original binding of isaac, I wasn't the biggest fan of it. I feel like there were a lot of *useless* items that ruined my runs, and prevented from getting too far. In the new version, the fat is trimmed and lots of meat and potatoes have been added. Also, the games seems to run much smoother when there's lots going on the screen, which helps BUNCHES while trying to get farther.Even if you're not a fan of the original, I highly recommend giving this game a shot. It sold me."
,Recommended,250900,13680849,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,VitaminaCálcio,Play until the end. Again. Again. And again. Learn to love some items. Learn to get the hell away from bob's brain. Love from the start until the game doesn't want the items you need to get platinum. Waiting for some more!
,Recommended,250900,12929790,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,pancakes,Got killed by a giant fly.11/10
76561198055651184,Recommended,250900,12837154,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Thorlaff,"Every review that is above me or bellow will say exactly the same thing that i am going to say about this game. If you've got the money, if you like fun and poop physics... then you have no other choice than getting this game because its going to rock your gaming tendrils and make them wail to the beat of you defeating enemy after enemy.BoI is love, BoI is life. BoI is never ogre.GET... THIS... GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198091984012,Recommended,250900,12839122,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Shamus,Good music and lots of replay value.
,Recommended,250900,12793978,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,YungKaleBoi,What's not to love about this game?
76561198120559932,Recommended,250900,14594685,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Einhornkönigin,I love this game especially the satan boss fights!Edmund made him look so  powerful with this huge horns and terrifying laugh which makes fighting against him really fun!
76561198052475107,Recommended,250900,14181869,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,some dumb guy,"Honestly one of the best games in my library, definitely a worthwile improvement over the original. I cannot recommend this highly enough."
76561198006366473,Recommended,250900,12932169,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Melserable,"First let me say I am not new to BoI, I have over 450 hours logged playing the first one. Rebirth is everything one would hope or with the first game was, that is to say, it's playable! Before you had to deal with all the awful flash issues that came with the game... Now for the most part it runs smoothly!I think a lot of people were disappointed with Rebirth, expecting a whole new game, this was never what you were getting.As far as I could tell they made this VERY clear. It was the first game made better, faster and with added goodies.You get new items, new baddies and bosses to fight. The rooms are better and more fun to look at.After playing the new game for about 60 hours now I feel I can safely say I greatly enjoy it. Some people may not like the new graphics/sounds but that's a personal taste thing.I only have a few cons to share over all:1. I like/don't like how cute everything is.. at times I like the new look and others I think they made it too cuddly.2. I love that there are now seeds so you can play the same as a friend, however.. I dislike that you can't play as Eden with a seed and NOT loose a token. This seems stupid to me when you can't earn anything on it in the first place.3. Hard mode is just not that hard! I flipped it over to hard and I forgot about it and never really felt like the game was that harder.. I feel they need to make one more lvl and perhaps add an insane mode?But I feel that what I got was well worth what I paid for the new game. I can see myself playing it for months to come. :)"
,Recommended,250900,14290302,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Plaguelord,Great replayability! Great artwork! Great soundtrack!An awesome bullet hell style game where you control Isaac as he flees from his zealous and murderous mother. Controls are easy to use so gamers of all skill levels are welcome to play. The hardest part of the game is just learning the different enemy movements in the game.The item system in the game can be overwhelming for those new to the game because there are literally hundreds of items. I find that this is my favorite part of the game because there's countless item combos possible.10/10
,Recommended,250900,15540833,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,thelegend27,"This game is great. I enjoy playing it for hours and hours, seeing which new synergy I can get. Although, the game sometimes takes a dump in your face, it's very fun and deserves the name it's recieved. I call it stupid, others call it things that aren't very nice. This is a classic rogue style game, with rerolling your entire class, coins bombs and key systems, challenges, etc..Notable improvement from the original game:Fluid controls & Controller support. I personally prefer using a controller, but suit yourselves.Bug fixes. Lemon Mishap from Dead Sea Scrolls actually does what it's supposed to.New synergies. Mom's Knife Brimstone. All I have to say.Local Co-op. Simple as that. Always fun.More challenges with cool synergies.Tons of new items.More bosses.Nerfs to extremely powerful items that I am still upset about. Cough cough D6 CoughTime element, Boss Rush, Mega Stan, very cool.Makes statues worth something.Donating! Woo!And tons more that I can't think of off the top of my head.In general, I recommend this game since the story, gameplay, and the BS that it gives you are all well rounded and fun.Just my opinion"
,Recommended,250900,14887753,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,prodigaltim,"This is my first ever steam game review. I don't normally write reviews for games, but I highly recommend this one.Pros-simplistic controls and changable controls-replayability-difficulty curve is not sharp-lots of tasks to complete-co-op modeCons-permadeath-sometimes the randomness of room generation spikes the difficulty level-co-op mode is local only"
76561198249002926,Recommended,250900,28717655,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✪Sloth,Worth the small amount of cash without a doubt
,Recommended,250900,28721321,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Macroecosm,lol this game is the best
76561198033843199,Recommended,250900,28704906,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Duck-,"If I had to reduce my entire games library to one game, this would probably be it!"
,Recommended,250900,28620602,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Abnerzz,"10/10, Nothing else to say"
76561198052267518,Recommended,250900,28621410,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Fred My Durst,10/10goode gaym
,Recommended,250900,28621511,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,infini,disgusting....ly funhaha guess ill leave
,Recommended,250900,28625334,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Salmonaxe,Well balanced rogue like game which is definitely a buy.One of my favourite games of all time.
,Recommended,250900,27434318,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dafali,It's good.
,Recommended,250900,26973112,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Weka,Im just reviewing this for the badge.This game is good
,Recommended,250900,27014780,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ToransuShojo,"This game is absolutley wonderful. The game is almost like Zelda, with the exploration and top-down perspective, but at the same time it's so much more than that. The story that is told takes hours upon hours to uncover. If you think you're finished, you probably aren't. There's so much to do, so much to see in this game, that you'll be questioning how it became 12:00 am when you KNOW you only played for an hour. Long story short, buy it and play it. Wonderful."
,Recommended,250900,27014865,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wlater,lots of poop but like in a good way?
76561197966359333,Recommended,250900,27028839,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neight,I love this game
,Recommended,250900,27807136,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Addict | Gamdom.com,Best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,250900,27766524,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Justini12,"Wonderful game, tons of replay value, hundreds of unlocks, and modding support is coming soon. 10/10"
76561198054435479,Recommended,250900,27776489,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jmamh,.
,Recommended,250900,27880894,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Don Face,Just get it
76561198049966500,Recommended,250900,27886205,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Albino Snail,do you hate childern well boy do i have a game for you!11/10 would have my mother try to kill me again!
,Recommended,250900,28984225,Posted: 3 January,all,Nawrden,GG
76561198121051908,Recommended,250900,28583473,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Light777 hellcase.com,"very entertaining game, both to watch and play, 200 hours untill now and expect to reach 500 before 2017 ends"
,Recommended,250900,29212766,Posted: 12 January,all,decearing egg,good game.
,Recommended,250900,28113835,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FiroIsSteve,"this game is a huge influence on my life, in high school I didn't have any friends so on breaks I would watch YouTube, one day I discovered Northernlion and became completely addicted to watching him play it eventually leading to me buying the game. Hands down the best decision of my life. This game takes the incredible imagination of Edmund McMillen and the rogue like genre and blends it into an incredible game with endless item synergies and endless replay ability."
,Recommended,250900,28165609,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,☮Nüdlez☮,"This game really dosen't need me to sing it's praises. Hundreds of people have already done it for me. It's a fantastic rouge-like game, in the same vein as Zelda. The game takes a bit of learning to understand it. Not control wise or anything. But a lot of the items can be fairly cryptic. I've seen people call this poor design. But I see it as a good thing. Because you're constantly looking towards new items with wide eyes wondering how it will either break you, or gimp you severly.It's crazy replayable. The fact that the items you get are randomly generated, yes can make it frustrating. However, it also means none of your runs will really be the same. So it's different every time you play it. Not to mention there is a DLC which just makes it better. I'm not one for achievment hunting and such. But this game made me strongly desire to conquer it and 100% it. And I did.This game is fantastic. Buy it."
,Recommended,250900,22863550,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ratón muerto,"pros: hundreds of achivements,tens of endings,hundreds of items,hundreds of unlockables,difficult,etc.cons: the music in the first one was a bit better."
,Recommended,250900,27424050,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ChrisosaurusRex!,I don't think I'll ever tire of this game - every run is different (usually anyway - unless you're really unlucky (or lucky as the case may be...))There are so many different items and different combinations of items; it is just damn fantastic
76561198066737531,Recommended,250900,27463285,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Who,"AMAZING! so simple, so hard, so creepy.....this game is the reason to game on PC"
76561198060393295,Recommended,250900,28716373,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Råger,naked boi
76561198043193109,Recommended,250900,27753942,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Bass Cannon™,its ok
,Recommended,250900,27362427,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,T.w² | John Spookman м,"Really fun game. Each task has it's own little reward. If you like to grind through a game, then this is it. Every run is different because of the huge amount of items and it takes true skill to win consistently."
,Recommended,250900,29864632,Posted: 11 February,all,Lightning Frank,"At first, I wasn't sure if I was going to like this game. It looked kinda fun but not my type. I changed my mind as soon as I got in to the game. Got used to the controls within 5 minutes. Every time you play the game it's different. Sometimes you get unlucky and the game is really hard, sometimes it's really easy. If you ever get bored of the main game, there are a bunch of challenges that can make the game more fun. I am already considering purchasing the DLC when I get enought money."
76561198212921788,Recommended,250900,29419823,Posted: 22 January,all,SpindleRib,"The binding of Isaac is truly perfect.  Ive played over 30 hours and I'm not even halfway through. Usually i get bored by 20ish hours of a game, but The binding of Isaac is different. Not one run is the same, and every time you finish a run, the next one becomes harder and longer. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Sometimes the game makes you cry with joy, and at other times makes you want to shoot yourself. Oh and it has an amazing soundtrack.With two DLC's theres no way you could get bored.In short: Get the game. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,250900,27452070,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,baysangur dakilhov,wadwdawadawddwawdadwawadwdwddwadw
,Recommended,250900,27183562,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Professional soundcloud rapper,Hey! That's pretty good
,Recommended,250900,27949109,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KerberoZ,10/10 poop physics
,Recommended,250900,27876700,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Waddles,PROS:+Hundreds of unlockables+Massively improved over the original+Slick Controls+High Skill Ceiling+Great Enemy Variety+Randomization+Item Synergies are awesome (mostly)+Keeps you guessing+Various game modes+Incredible Depth+Endless Replayability+Special Seeds+Bang For Your Buck+30 Challenges (10 with DLC)+Daily Runs+Perfect for CompletionistsCONS:-Music gets annoying-Everything to do with Keeper
,Recommended,250900,26554054,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BEANDY [BTP],I really do not know how to get Achievements in this game...
76561198121739554,Recommended,250900,26327383,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,AdhesiveMadMan,CRYING SOLVES YOUR PROBLEMS.
76561198166447137,Recommended,250900,28984647,Posted: 3 January,all,Authentic_SN,I have played this game for months and I'm still having fun!! Buy this game!!! NOW!!!!
,Recommended,250900,28993368,Posted: 3 January,all,EternaTea,"Rebirth is worth it, the DLC is not.Here is my review of Afterbirth,and I just found out that 'Afterbirth +' is releasing.  Ed McMillen had already drawn the creative well dry when he remade the original Binding of Isaac and charged us all a second time for it.  Now he's 'remade' the DLC, and is charging for that a second time as well.The bigger sin, though, is that the majority of the newest content is all created (or suggested) by the community - along with developer tools and monthly updates that consist of even more community created content.  That's right, once again there will be no mod support -  Instead they'll be directly adding mods to the game as a ""feature"" once per month.After the original well ran dry, McMillen sold his fans a pick and shovel, and let them dig the new well for him.  Now he's going to sell the water to the rest of us."
,Recommended,250900,26864514,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Squirrel God,I spent 200+ hours just to get these achievment ... worth it
,Recommended,250900,26878155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hatman,''Just one more run and then i'll go to sleep.''
,Recommended,250900,26991224,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sheepmatty,It's ok.
,Recommended,250900,28619392,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Klef McFarlin,♥♥♥♥ing weird buy it okay?:____________________)
76561198354985941,Recommended,250900,29240007,Posted: 13 January,all,theguy214hs,This game is very addicting and fun and you have to finish that run before dinner or else thats all you'll be thinking of.
,Recommended,250900,29168681,Posted: 10 January,all,Bobdul Thundercuck,"I've played too much Isaac, and I still love this game. I still speed run the flash version sometimes just for nostalgia.I feel Afterbirth+ isn't for everyone, as of yet. As the workshop fills up, this DLC will be a great purchase. There was little added to the main game outside of wrapping up a few things that felt lacking in Afterbirth & Rebirth. This game, throughout all it's iterations, never had that feeling for me. If you're a casual player, pick up it up while it's cheap, and keep an eye on the workshop. I have a feeling we'll see some really content from the community as time goes on. For the more hardcore players, it's definitely worth it as of now.My only complaint is that one of the new bosses sprites feels a bit rough.Cheers."
76561197970107935,Recommended,250900,29187910,Posted: 11 January,all,Lilswitche,Great game with tons of replay value.
76561198100794175,Recommended,250900,29194883,Posted: 11 January,all,ormsjturtle,"Great game, worth every penny. If you don't already own it then you're CRAZY."
76561198136177216,Recommended,250900,28165728,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Aaniac,"This game is AWESOME. I have a good bit of play time on this game... there is so much to do, and the game is challenging. But beware, this game is HARD for beginners. Almost every run is different9/10"
,Recommended,250900,26907270,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dave,It's ok
,Recommended,250900,28061168,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Adenosine triphosphate,"Strange artwork, rather disturbing and unsettling setting, addictive as damn and fine-tuned. Countless hours can be spent playing this strange masterpiece."
76561198125652263,Recommended,250900,29472991,Posted: 24 January,all,Peppertony Pizzzazz,Pretty neat
,Recommended,250900,28819771,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Milo Carteret,10/10 would lose 100 out of 100 games againedit: on game 101 I beat Mom...
,Recommended,250900,27910232,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Azmo,The best money I have ever spent on a game.ever.
76561197968977573,Recommended,250900,26939550,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mörkö ™,Funny sick :D
,Recommended,250900,28298525,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,KQLYcynical,"This game is great for wasting time, as you can quit at any point and save.  Will run well on terrible PCs.  ANYWAY THE GAME, it takes a bit to finally learn the game and get good, but once you do learn how to play, you feel like youve really accomplished something.  I wouldnt really consider this game a bullet hell, but Hush is super fun.  Yea"
,Recommended,250900,28364227,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sea Salt,"I absolutely love this game, its a must have, the game has so much content, even without the afterbirth DLC! The afterbirth DLC adds a lot more to the game and makes it even more fun! One of my most favorite games by far. And if you have a trash computer you can still run it! With everything it has to offer i would say its pretty cheap and should cost more for all the content and hours of gameplay."
76561198216924597,Recommended,250900,30044160,Posted: 19 February,all,Dj keemstar,Love this gane keep up the good work ;D
,Recommended,250900,27299249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sandbenders,You technically can play this everyday and still find new combos!
,Recommended,250900,27074327,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sami,"I love this game, I always come back even after months of not playing."
,Recommended,250900,26945488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Reployer,Way more entertaining than sunday school.I rate it 99 out of 100 dead fetuses.
76561198163637719,Recommended,250900,27277256,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rasta_Saruman,juegazo horas y horas de diversion
,Recommended,250900,27211858,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dorango,"10/10, would die again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again."
,Recommended,250900,26750633,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,nbc.,"I am going to start with the cons of this game, but I highly recommend the game regardless.- The game doesn't explain a thing. If you want to know, what item does what, you are going to need a Wiki for it, which slows down the game and/or reduce the joy factor.- Revolves around luck. Some items are far more powerful than others, some don't synergise well together, sometimes you won't get heals, etc.. You might regret the purchase if you hate luck-based games.+ Every run is different. There are so many combinations of items, rooms, enemies, etc. that you will never see the same run again, but the game allows you to save/load seeds (= play it again)+ Interesting artstyle. I find it so anyway, but decided for yourself.+ Tons of things to unlock, challenges and easter eggs, enough to keep one coming back to the game if one is an achievement farmer. However it does come with a downside, and that is that not everything is available from the getgo.+ Challenging, but not impossible (close to it with hardcore characters though - Lost/Keeper)+ Tons of mods are available to the game.I stumbled upon this game a good while after Afterbirth was released, so I came in new, knowing nothing. Initially I was put off, because the game didn't explain a thing and I had to resort to google everything. But even back then, it was charming in a way and I liked the simplicity of the core game, which I still find sensation. Now, 200+ hours later, as I completed the game 100%, I still play it, because I find the runs ever so different each time -and I still learn new things!If you are looking for a game with replay-value, I believe this is one of the bests out there."
76561198087648163,Recommended,250900,29726508,Posted: 5 February,all,Chayse247,"This is quite the game I must say. As difficult as it may seem in the beginning this game gets rediculously fun and every game I start is always as fun as the last. I do not get bored of this game, after playing for 260 hours I still have a stupid amount of acheivements and things to unlock. If you like any of the following you will like this game: Gore, Humor, Randomness, Challenging, Rogue-like, indie style and many more. Even if you have to hold the R key until you get a good starting item, its worth it."
,Recommended,250900,26834512,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seroz | LA Kings,DONT PICK UP SOY MILK!
76561198260498796,Recommended,250900,29260070,Posted: 14 January,all,sombrero lord (Robert),pretty edgy game
,Recommended,250900,27828553,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eddycted,1001% and probably will again in the future.
,Recommended,250900,27226633,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"""; DROP TABLE *;--",A game where you fight a giant boss made out of literal♥♥♥♥♥♥ whit great items such as cancer. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,27266476,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grief,"That game has the most replay value ever. If you like rogue-like games, you'll spend a lot of time in it. Tons of items, tons of rooms, monsters and special places. Tons of abilities and buffs. No one other rogue-like is close to this."
76561198150754596,Recommended,250900,28127955,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ben,One of the best rogue-likes out there.
,Recommended,250900,29833951,Posted: 10 February,all,witch ducktor,"Rebirth is fantastic, Afterbirth is a good DLC, albeit overpriced a bit. Afterbirth+ I dont personally like. But regardless, this game is super addicting and fun. It'll take a while to get the hang of it, but it's the perfect pick-up and play game."
,Recommended,250900,25843984,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,skinnypenis,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043599316,Recommended,250900,28879771,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,dog,"Punishing enemies and levels make this game extremely frustrating some times, but I always find myself coming back for more. The satisfaction you receive after beating the game the first time and the 15th time are equally gratifying and makes for an extremly addicting game."
,Recommended,250900,28894477,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tolozen,"Great, addicting game. Difficulty adds to the fun."
76561198152596004,Recommended,250900,28981102,Posted: 3 January,all,jonno,vry gud
,Recommended,250900,28984655,Posted: 3 January,all,Spamster,"This game has almost limitless replayability. There are hundereds of different items. Probably thousands of different rooms. A huge vareity of enemies. Add a little RNG and you're set!The controls are simple and easy to understand, but it takes a long time to master all the tricks you'll need to win the game.Definitely give this a go if you enjoy the Roguelike/Roguelite genere (I always forget which term is correct, don't shoot me please)."
76561198027856263,Recommended,250900,29003252,Posted: 4 January,all,Strossus,"This is a review for TboI and both DLCs separately!!! (reviews vary!)1. TboI: I have spent over 400 hours of playing this game. It's addictive, easy to learn, easy to master, and you can waste lots of time on it. Worth the money.2. Rebirth: see. 13. Rebirth+: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I am disappointed. Played a few hours and the only thing that they added (feels like) is that you need way more tons of damage or inhumanlike dodge skills as they increased the number of mobs per room. I am really disappointed by now... can't find the right metaphor but if you compare review 1 with 3, I am just so **** disappointed. Wait for the purchase until they changed stuff. Don't buy it."
76561198112294568,Recommended,250900,28953457,Posted: 2 January,all,Onion Main,This game is amazing. Can't wait for Afterbirth+!
76561198034498680,Recommended,250900,28963884,Posted: 2 January,all,MidnightSting,Love this game to bits. I would say its a good stress reliever but anyone who plays Isaac knows that sometimes that's not the case. Still I live for broken runs <3
76561198031595230,Recommended,250900,28555930,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Näsbendaren,Extremely well game with a ton of replay value! Fantastic!
,Recommended,250900,29577845,Posted: 29 January,all,Tachanka,yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesye
,Recommended,250900,23915557,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gyga,"Made me extremely angry, and I felt like I was gonna explode.I'm horrible at the game, I rate 8/8, it's real gr8 m8."
76561198310460018,Recommended,250900,24435866,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Lifeof_fee,Love this game!
,Recommended,250900,23414584,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mr Bigglesworth,This game is great! I don't know how many people play this any more (let alone purchase it). If you are looking at this game and thinking about getting it I recommend you get it. There is a new DLC coming out (hopefully) and it looks good. So stop reading this AND START BUYING IT. :)
,Recommended,250900,25734085,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sleepy,It's hard.It's fustrating.Sometimes you feel like you wanna pull your guts out; wipe them all over face; put them in a blender and then drink the liquid that remains.But when then you get a good seed with the most broken combination of items and you realise how great this game is.
,Recommended,250900,25737347,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SCP-049,THE BEST 15 DOLLARS I HAVE EVER SPENT
,Recommended,250900,31133892,Posted: 14 April,all,Mc_Dragon_wolf,7tfdyfdyi
,Recommended,250900,22087448,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,PokeHearts,An amazing game with addicting gameplay and a nice sense of humor.
,Recommended,250900,21395507,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,nN|CaphallO,for everyone crying about hush....... try eternal bluebaby :D
76561198068566505,Recommended,250900,22023028,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Cezeter | skinhub.com,very very very very very very very very very good game
76561198157732570,Recommended,250900,22028481,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mailman,10/10 best game on steam
76561198126645641,Recommended,250900,22321373,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ArmondoDasPoolBoyStein,"This game involves bombs, shops, coins, and obviously crying and throwing up on dingleberries, flies, and other enemies11.3124131245151313451323124124/10 no more no less"
,Recommended,250900,22752917,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ultra Kink,FUCCINKING SLAMMM THAT FETUS BROOOOOO!!!!
76561198155754735,Recommended,250900,22785293,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,KingBrickson,"This is a DAMNED good game, it really is a HELL of a time, my MOM did the same thing to me."
76561198090310629,Recommended,250900,22248831,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,nordic,"it's easier than the original binding of isaac but its also a thousand times better. i played the original mostly because of the motifs and see how isaac would look with different combinations. i play this one mainly because of gameplay and to see how azazel would play with different combinations because that mofo is OP af.  there is a lot of variety and the only downsides i can think of are that some challenges are annoying to play through just to get the thing you wanted (cat got your tongue can go screw itself). and sometimes even with the massive amount of varied items and ways to play the game, your run can get a bit boring."
,Recommended,250900,27892879,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lucid.,Try not to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself whilst playing
,Recommended,250900,27908418,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fogolicious,"Well after 530 hours of this game, I guess I could review it and say that this game is definitely worth whatever value it is at the time you see it.  If we go by the dollar an hour theory with games.  I owe Edmund over $500.  Let's just say I'm happy that isn't how we price games."
76561198072176245,Recommended,250900,28066375,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,kubaa2002_PL,very good game
76561198044081559,Recommended,250900,27945737,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Slash | James,I love it
,Recommended,250900,28004435,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KingusGornLordChefPenglaFengers,This done be a game that I like.
76561198034535493,Recommended,250900,27619659,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Riku,Pretty good casual play.
,Recommended,250900,12870395,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,bool,"Possibly the greatest game of all time, made my life at least 1.7x better."
,Recommended,250900,13083233,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Tibbles the Tickler,"After hours upon hours of tears, blood, sweat, and pure rage, I managed to 1001% the game. I then continued to play it cause even with every achievement this game is extremely replayable"
76561198086124292,Recommended,250900,13246120,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kyle,"has a great time playing game.,......unlocks lost......*slowly rips out all hair on head*"
,Recommended,250900,13258830,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,CreepZ,"I am really enjoing the game, it's so much fun to play.And also I really like to play via seed against my friends :D.But.....after all my hours of gameplay, I'm really missing one function(or I'm stupid), to playwith friends via Internet.But all in all, really good game....Buy it!"
,Recommended,250900,13215074,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ewy～,"If you'd like to know if you should buy this, the answer is yes. This is a great game for both who played the original, and those who start with a clean slate. With a sexy soundtrack, tons of content, awesome dungeon crawling and a difficulty that's being hit 'just right', this is a GOTY contender for sure.NB. If you're thinking about buying the original to see if this is fun, don't. Just grab this. While being more expensive, every aspect of it is better realized, optimized and compatible."
76561198080532938,Recommended,250900,13233675,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Koal,"After attaining Real Platinum God, I think its time to review it again now that I'm da best at it.Pros:-Replayability x1000000000000. Seriously, no two runs are the same-Stupudley difficult at times. Yeah that's a pro, I like difficulty-Unique and varied items that can make or break a run (Ipecac+Tiny Planet= run breaker)-Different characters to choose from with varied strengths and weaknesses (and unlockables!)-Loads of varied enimies and bosses-Music is fantastic-The game just looks good-So. Much. Fun.-Poop!-Mostly skill-based (imo)-Speaking of skill, I was SO HAPPY the day I got RPG. The Lost was my greatest challengeCons:-Can be unfair or frustrating at times-It ends?Seriously, get this game now."
76561198073930358,Recommended,250900,13974307,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ChrispyBurger,Call Of Isaac : Religious Warfare
76561198091991006,Recommended,250900,13858749,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Scooby,"Amazing attention to detail, the controls are tight, the graphics are pleasing, and the boss fights are rewarding.  If you like Zelda games, you'll LOVE this."
76561198065972418,Recommended,250900,13481036,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,dabhdba,BEST GAME EVER but i would like a steam workshop for it
,Recommended,250900,15423995,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,plup,i really dont like butter beanbut i love butter bearsgood gam
76561198087378457,Recommended,250900,14501023,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Noot_Noot,"10/10About to fight Mega satan, dies of a spider."
76561198053518550,Recommended,250900,15259093,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Zach (Spoopy),10/10
,Recommended,250900,12791859,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,hm,"Rebirth was un-cancelled! 60 frames minimum! 1/3+ New items! More horrific enemies to fight, including literal piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dynamic lighting! Over 980 youtube videos worth of content! Challenge runs built in?!?!?!?Wierd ♥♥♥♥ing game, but the best wierd ♥♥♥♥ing game. 10/10 out of 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,12791935,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Von,i killed a fat dude that piuck♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10best game ever.
,Recommended,250900,12792505,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,hbarSquared,I died.
,Recommended,250900,12793178,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ralph,"The best game I have played thus far this year, 2014 has had tons of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games I just don't know why"
,Recommended,250900,12793590,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Modified Lesbian Space Bear,"Today not like any other day. Today was Rebirth day.But to all the jocks of my school, it was only advacne warfare day.They would talk about picking it up at their local GameStop.I had already pre loaded the game, so i didn't care.They all talked about it all day long, while I was only one who knew that today, Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, the game that I loved from the start, came out today.I raced home, opened my laptop, and found that one of my friends had already played the game, and was still playing it. It pressed play and to my delight, the music began to play, the narrator began to speak, but the game was only about to began.I played, and played, thinking to myself: ""My god, why would those jocks play CoD instead of this? This is clearly a masterpiece!""Then isaac's mom killed me.1000/10"
,Recommended,250900,12793797,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,tank,"A lot like the original Binding of Isaac, however Rebirth improves in a multitude of ways.- Runs perfectly at 60 fps.- Tons of new items to discover and unlock.- New cool monsters.- Co-op!- New bosses.- Poop physics!Recommended for old and new players.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,16132806,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Master Yao,Perfect game.
76561198168889456,Recommended,250900,16087807,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SquigglyCup,This game is amazing. Please buy this game if you have any sense.
,Recommended,250900,16089412,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,CookieR2S,10/10 for amaze poop mechanics
,Recommended,250900,14017910,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,red,"> Beat Mom> Have 1 heart left> Take ""???"" pill before climbing down> Die from pill> Lose Streak continues to grow10/10 would take pill again"
,Recommended,250900,15804796,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Beefy Monkey,10/10 would play another 100 hours
,Recommended,250900,15848791,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,suck an egg,this damn game made me break my keyboard 10/10
,Recommended,250900,15846246,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Liquid Gold,"I sold my soul to the Devil at least 20 times, and only been to church once.10/10"
76561198041008332,Recommended,250900,15809046,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,MistahOddBall,"I have always enjoyed games made by Edmund - specifically ""The Binding of Isaac series"". The DLCs that are added to the games are quality and fine-tuned products that increase the difficulty, add more possiblilities, and make the game more entertaining as it already is. There will also be more DLCs added to vanilla and rebirth, which is a great way to rekindle the entertainment for this game!To those who need a quick answer on the positives, here they are:1. Redefined, faster, and a crisp, pixel look.2. Uses the ""Unity"" engine instead of vanilla's ""Flash"" engine.3. Achievements for the achievement hunters!4. Local Co-op.5. Rich story (if you pay attention to that).6. Tons of items for you character!7. Perma-death!8. A rogue-like game!9. Already is recieving a overwhelmingly positive rating.10. A game made by Edmund! Who doesn't like Edmund?There are probably more positives, but let move into negatives:1. Increasingly difficult and not for the faint of heart.2. A few characters that may seem weaker than others.3. Permanent difficulty addition to the game.4. May not be able to purchase and/or the upcoming DLC.I hope this may help you, and hopefully join this great gaming fandom behind it! See ya, I'm out!"
76561197987328855,Recommended,250900,15824693,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,cpt. Juva,Infinite fun with frustrated item hunting
,Recommended,250900,15588515,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Monki,The only game that you'll play that provides the player with a pratical use of farting on demand.
,Recommended,250900,15742567,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,The Mish,"Better than the original! takes a little getting used to the new graphics and scrolling on bigger rooms, but so many different item combos! and most of them combine effects! Replayable for hour and hours unending 10/10!"
,Recommended,250900,16058796,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,E331N,I died fighting the final boss and only cried for 2 days!
,Recommended,250900,13150157,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[Blankets] Chickachow,"Do you like poop?If so, you'll love this game.If not, you'll love this game"
76561198062349994,Recommended,250900,15040771,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Waughtermelon,"Honestly one of my favorite games, just about the only game I can play everyday and not get tired of it. 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,14737835,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,GravyBoy,better with kinect for xbox 360
,Recommended,250900,14899145,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,June,"Everything I dreamed and hoped for in BoI.I find it very neat that every run is different, even seeded runs because people have different play styles. Each run is basically unique.Smoother gameplay, more items, more synergies, more enemies, more characters, more secrets, and more everything."
,Recommended,250900,15487594,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,AlexV91,"You will replay it many times to achieve (Real) Platinum God, if you are a completionist, like myself. If not, you will still spend many hours to find and unlock as much as you desire, even if RNGesus is on your side or not (but when he is, oh baby, you will feel over the Moon).My opinion in short, get the game, get mad, become glad, turn sad and end overall pleased with game."
,Recommended,250900,14346264,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Ozzy☕,DEALS WITH THE DEVIL = FUN  :D
,Recommended,250900,12794686,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,the end?,just buy itseriously
,Recommended,250900,12797726,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,beanbay,"I've heard some people that have said that this game was just going to be a ""reskin"" of the original. If you hear someone say this, or know someone that thinks this, promptly slap them across the face, because they are wrong.This is a fairly different game. Obviously, it retains several of the mechanics of the first one, but it's got such a larger amount of stuff in it than most of us had originally planned on. What I've found so far that makes this game so perfect and such a worthwhile buy is that it plays entirely differently than its predecessor. Rebirth is a game that feels like it plays far faster than the original, where the slow and sometimes sluggish movements would feel a little bit droll at some times (not that it was a bad game, it was still amazing, don't get me wrong), but in TBOI: Rebirth, you get this feeling of being able to swiftly clear just about any room if you know how to.It doesn't stop there, either, because the new mixes of badass item synergies are amazing. From dynamically changing lasers to puking flaming bombs, you're going to have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun murdering everything. There have also been several fixes to how some mobs work, how many rooms work, and there are also hordes of new mobs to slaughter, which never gets old. I hope to spend hundreds of hours on this masterpiece.Way to go, McMillan and Co!"
,Recommended,250900,12803008,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,The Face Trainer,"Definitely one of the best games this year.Basically improves on every aspect of the first game.The music is fantastic and there are tons of new items , enemies and bosses , which give this game a ton of replay value.New features like different seeds and difficulties make it even more interesting.If you enjoyed the first Binding of Isaac, this game won't dissapoint."
,Recommended,250900,12806789,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Timon,"Who doesn't think this game is awesome? It is like the original (which was pretty good), but even better than that. I r8 8/8 m8."
76561198034225092,Recommended,250900,12813572,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SparkHorizon,"Feels like the original and has so much more content. Amazing art. Beautiful soundtrack. If you were a fan of the original, buy this game right now. If you have never played the original, you should still buy this game right now."
,Recommended,250900,13063365,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Special Agent BioHazard,"Fantastic rogue-like with SO MUCH replay value. I can see myself playing this for a long time. Don't let anything you have heard about the difficulty scare you away, the experience is well worth it. Even if you have played the original, make the upgrade, there is enough new stuff there. And 15 bucks? Come on. Indie games don't get better than this."
76561198087934431,Recommended,250900,13103018,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,I have sinny sin sinned,You will probably end up shooting yourself before you complete this game. Worth.
,Recommended,250900,13126502,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Chojman,it's ok
,Recommended,250900,12950752,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Tengu,"Only time I would like to get cancer, ever...The Bloat and Mask of Infamy are still a boss though...10/10 would get cancer again"
76561198097562613,Recommended,250900,12960328,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Wind,"With even more power ups than the original, you will have a lot of fun finding out how different powers stack. On the other hand, be prepared to die more than before."
76561198073755526,Recommended,250900,13009329,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,nervous laughter,"Alright, I'm switching this up. I don't play this or the orignal anymore. I stopped caring.It's good. Really, really quite good. Super smooth gameplay, nice artstyle, lots of new stuff.But, if you compare this to the original, it's bad. Rebirth is the game that the original wanted to be, and SHOULD have been. It feels more of an update than an entirely new game.So, only play this one. Disregard the original. Most of the bugs are gone, performance is consistently better, getting ~60 FPS even on my potato laptop. Soundtrack though, that's worse.But then I stopped giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game."
,Recommended,250900,13717022,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BrEeZy1,This game teaches you how great mothers are.
76561198047820916,Recommended,250900,13756846,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ladybug,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a terrific game! I don't play it as much on steam as I do on my psvita but I can't stop playing it. It's so much fun and it's different every time, what's not to like about it?"
,Recommended,250900,13822776,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Eazi98,Never really played the original but I must say this game offers a huge variety due to the many items and playable characters. And what makes it a excellent game is the fact that the different items have different effects when combined and also due to the different cosmetic effects the items have. A classic Rouge-Like game in the making.
,Recommended,250900,13843372,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ngoproblem,This game is too much skill based and not enough rng based.It requires a large amount of time and effort to beat.... unless you have brimstone sacred heart or some♥♥♥♥♥♥The Lost sucks the big one
76561198037912360,Recommended,250900,13517446,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cloud,I killed Satan himself with my own♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,250900,13546991,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Orio Milkshake,Tumblr simulator 2014Cry at things to end all your problems.
,Recommended,250900,13556339,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Apollo,no words can describe how great this game is...
76561198165153260,Recommended,250900,16093751,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,01zac26,10/10 its a very awesome that is hard in its own way
76561198087356016,Recommended,250900,16085465,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Happy Toaster,Got the game because i thought it looked interesting...Aaaaaand suddenly Im addicted and have acquired 200+ hours and real platinum god.
,Recommended,250900,22991152,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Hitline Miamo,"5% luck, 10% luck, 15% concentrated power of luck.10/10 would luck again."
76561198116832190,Recommended,250900,22785772,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Reptile Man,its a hot game were a crying boy beats up pounds of meat with his tears.
,Recommended,250900,22212333,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Starbolt🌟,A game about a boy that is nearly killed by his mom until he jumps into a trap door leading to the basement which is full of monsters that he fights using his tears and when he goes deep enough he fights Satan or potentially even himself and gets locked in a chest for eternity.Try it out sometime.
,Recommended,250900,22294227,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Sir. Preciliano,Pee from your eyes and poop from your butt whats not to love?
76561198005644715,Recommended,250900,23193222,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ironic Bacteria,"This is a fantastically addictive game, as you can see from my played time..Although this is a thoroughly disturbing game from first appearences, if you start playing it you really can't stop.Whenever I have sat down, looked at my library of games and this is always the one I will come back to.The sheer variety of items, rooms, bosses and characters keep the game new and exciting each play through, the unlockable items, bosses and characters for acheiving certain requirements is a brilliant way to keep players involved with the game.The number of item combinations (or synergies) you can create to enhance your characters is superb and you will absolutely play a game and find although random it is set on making sure you fail miserably you will occasionally play a random game and find that everything is laid out perfectly, leaving you laughing as you obliterate room after room, boss after boss, floor after floor...I could not rate this game and its disturbing addictiveness highly enough!"
,Recommended,250900,23150372,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Special Meme Fresh,"I typically judge a game's value based on how much time I spent on it. In that case, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the best game I have on steam. It only cost me around 10 bucks (with sales) for it and it's DLC; Afterbirth. This game is nowhere near perfect, it has many flaws, but it is still one of my favorite games on my PC.The Good:+ Hundreds of UNIQUE items, most of which synergize with each other+ Lots to collect for completionists (took me 400 hours for real platinum god)+ Each character has a different playstyle+ Simple controls+ Lots of different challengesThe Okay:= The progression in difficulty is sporadic, but roughly follows reasonable progression= It is easy to get caught it a situation where you have almost no chance of survival.= You can get invested it runs, this would be good, if it was harder to get pulled out of a run due to RNGThe Bad:- RNG can be a huge problem sometimes, to the point that I would say around a sixth of my hours on this game were spent restarting to find that item that could give me a chance of survival.- The game puts too much emphasis on restarting- It is WAY more luck based than other roguelikes like Nuclear Throne, there can be times when skill isn't even a factor in a runThere is SO MUCH more I haven't talked about, but that's kind of the point of the game. The game is massive, there is so much content that there is no way I could list everything I like about it, AND everything I don't like about it, overall I reccomend it, but I still couldn't help but wonder what it would be like if it were less luck based and more skill based.Review Score 8.75/10"
,Recommended,250900,28945739,Posted: 2 January,all,Janky Panky,"From the meaty boys that brought you 'Super Meat Boy' comes the tale of a tiny baby-man who, like most other infants, generally minds his own damn business. This behaviour is supposedly noticed by god himself who seeks to bring wrath to his heretical ways. God convenes with the child's mother and together they decide the most logical course of action is to murder the infant to death.The story follows baby Isaac as he bundies through mum's basement in an attempt to escape the clutches of his ever so slightly looney but also very insane mother. The creatures of the basement are none too happy about Isaac's arrival and see to handing him over to the proper authorities. Isaac, in turn, seeks to win them over by crying with the grace and mercy of an M32 grenade launcher.While Isaac's tears are godlike on their own there are LITERALLY hundreds of upgrades for every situation both in and out of the playbook. On average, a newborn in this game can present twenty times more of a threat than unattended baggage at an airport and can perform every function a baby would otherwise perform at an olympic level.Isaac and his compadres can:- Cry tears in every direction at once.- Bathe their enemies in fire and nuerotoxins.- Utilise psionic powers to alter the flight path of tears.- Ruin perfectly functional walls with explosions.- Communicate with the devil.- Spout torrents of blood that pierce flesh and stone alike.- Use currency to obtain goods.- Poo and/or turn their enemies into poo.- Cry thermonuclear payloads.And that's just page one...If you enjoy crying as much as I do then the Binding of Isaac is sure to put a slightly bemused smile on your face."
,Recommended,250900,27871996,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Floosen,"""What?! It's 4am? Not again...""So many of my Isaac sessions ended just like this. Hunting after the next unlock for countless hours and finally finishing a run with one of those super hard characters gave me feelings of joy and accomplishment unmatched by any other game.It's hard at the beginning and you wil die a lot, but learning what each item does, how they synergize, enemy behaviour and making the best use of what RNG decides to throw at you, is really compelling and addictive.I could write much more about this game, but I'm way to lazy, there's a pizza burning in the oven right now and who am I kdídding, I just want the Steam Award badge xPStill my favorite game of all time."
,Recommended,250900,29884377,Posted: 12 February,all,Nightdad,"The Binding of Isaac is the game of games. If you've never played it, you're doing a disservice to yourself. If you've played it to death (like i have) you will permanently ruin your lens which you view other games with. Difficulty is an abstract concept, but Isaac manifests it perfectly."
76561198003401841,Recommended,250900,26199691,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ewattie,Very addictive
,Recommended,250900,26982950,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DankMemesJr69,"In simple words an outstanding game that builds off of the original binding of issac, but even after that keeps building up even more great and fun content to play with dlcs and all that fun stuff. :D"
76561198107372146,Recommended,250900,26931666,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TrollesTroll,Just can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,250900,26933918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tqkeo`,"If you love poop, go for it."
,Recommended,250900,26953925,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Adragon,Really addicting game <3
76561198000779526,Recommended,250900,26921884,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,incrediBLU,Almost infinitelly replayable. Certainly infinitelly fun.
,Recommended,250900,26849209,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xd,Sasyl of the century.
,Recommended,250900,26988856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,czle,Best Rs. 250 I ever spent.So much content and its still just keeps on going!If you are a fan of RNG this is a must have!
,Recommended,250900,27012141,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TenseCondom,Still my favorite time waster.
,Recommended,250900,29530174,Posted: 27 January,all,Swagnemite,review for an achievement!
,Recommended,250900,22384556,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Jack From Stat Farm,"I watched the game theory, I'm cool."
,Recommended,250900,21769919,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Booboofestu,Coal coated soy milk is a combo that makes life all the better.Great game that People should buy if looking for a challenge and some braging rights amoung mates :P
,Recommended,250900,22777824,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nick Crompton #LITTY,"this game is so good that i didnt went to school 1 day, because i love it!!!!"
76561198108059816,Recommended,250900,23854858,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BM BigWick,SOO GOOD
76561198255805624,Recommended,250900,29600426,Posted: 30 January,all,The Murloc uprising,"I just love this game and have lost dozens of offline hours to it, I think it is well worth the cost for the ammount of hours of gameplay you get, but saying that the DLC might be pushing it a bit with the cost."
,Recommended,250900,27738835,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Σ Sigma,"Kill your mother. Kill your mother's heart. Kill Satan. Kill yourself. Kill your dead self. Kill Satan again, except this time, he's Mega Satan. 10/10, would kill again."
,Recommended,250900,26625126,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PureFPSZac,Best roguelike out at the moment!
,Recommended,250900,26666945,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheLegend27,10/10 awesome game. Gameplay is flawless.
76561198361359038,Recommended,250900,29913695,Posted: 13 February,all,Prez,i think i have found true love with this game
76561198042503441,Recommended,250900,29919091,Posted: 14 February,all,Runstir,Great game if you thought the orginal was hard you will deffinatly rage at this one.
,Recommended,250900,30121660,Posted: 23 February,all,aleakasine,"This game is endless. No, wait. There are 424.097.856.000 different runs, not infinite.Oh, i forgot the challenges.And the possibility to mod the game (with Afterbirth+).... yes, endless."
76561198117819939,Recommended,250900,29948370,Posted: 15 February,all,Skans,Makes child abuse fun 10/10.
,Recommended,250900,29949652,Posted: 15 February,all,Dingo,Good game
76561198103197780,Recommended,250900,26174544,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Pestilence,"This is my all-time favorite game on steam. There are endless possibilities that this game has to offer when it comes to item combinations. It takes a lot of time and effort to fully complete this game, its a great time-waster, and overall, it's just fun to play. Its worth the small fee of $14.99 for sure. I still play it to this day and experience new and different runs all the time."
,Recommended,250900,26345259,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Beniffy,"DISCLAIMER: I barely have any hours in this game, and have scrathed the surface of what this has to offer in terms of content.This game is a astoundingly good rougelike game, with varietys of bosses, enemies, rooms, items and item combinations, and challenges and charachters. So far I've only beaten the game's 'True ending' three times. The mechanics are secretly deep and there is lots to learn on each run you do.In addition to this.... you can breathe lasers. What more do you need?"
76561198054657359,Recommended,250900,29847775,Posted: 11 February,all,TruePizza,Very good game
76561197992025616,Recommended,250900,29866163,Posted: 11 February,all,kingredbird,good game love the items love the DLCs
,Recommended,250900,29433271,Posted: 22 January,all,Adub,"You play it over and over again and it never gets old.Find amazing combos, beat the boss in 1 second, life is good."
,Recommended,250900,29387186,Posted: 20 January,all,Doom573,This is a great fun arcade ish kinda game
,Recommended,250900,29523669,Posted: 27 January,all,no succ,"An awesome, challenging and fun game.  Ever since I picked this up on steam I have loved every second of the gameplay. Tons of bosses, characters and items so every run can be a lot different than the last. There's dlc needed to get the most out of this game but it's still awesome even without the dlc. Fairly easy controls and an awesome OST. Definitely worth the money, highly reccomended!"
76561198091228587,Recommended,250900,29692459,Posted: 4 February,all,TheNanokron,"Great game. It will guarantee you a lot of fun. It is a difficult game, but if play it will get easier and easier. It is not repetitive and you won't get bored."
,Recommended,250900,29702158,Posted: 4 February,all,Warfossil,"This game is one of the best games I've played to date. With the vast amounts of rooms, items, enemies, etc, EVERY run feels brand new. The base game is fun within itself, but the Afterbirth DLC and most recently the Afterbrith+ DLC make it even MORE enjoyable by adding even more items to the game. Aside from the main game, there are many different challenges you can complete, as well as seemingly unlimited achievements. Now the game even has mod support with Afterbirth+, so you can further expand your possibilities (achievements. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who's into video games at all."
,Recommended,250900,28911626,Posted: 1 January,all,GreatGame456,"As someone who has all CURRENT 276 achievements in Afterbirth and Rebirth. I have to say, this game is amazing. The synergies you can get with some items make the game much more interesting that the original flash version, even more so that the game runs better overall.Can't wait for Afterbirth+!"
,Recommended,250900,28913791,Posted: 1 January,all,Hayrie,Pretty much the only game where you want cancer
,Recommended,250900,28995165,Posted: 3 January,all,TVPriime,quality
,Recommended,250900,28843715,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hi I´m Michal  csgoroll.com,I Found this game lot of fun. Also i recommend  it playing with cocain or pervitin so you should play it 24/7 such wow much drug 10/10 IGN
76561198126672549,Recommended,250900,23542075,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,US-Blooper,"All I can say is that ""The Binding of Isaac : Rebirth/Afterbirth"" is an amazing expansion on the original game. This game is a great, innovative, expansive, and endless supply of fun. I am wanting two do two separate reviews in this particular review. One on Rebirth, and one on Afterbirth.Rebirth:Pros------------------ Tight Controls (Even for keyboard users)- Amazing environments- Controller compatibility- HUNDREDS of achievements- HUNDREDS of collectables- Endless possibilities with the game's randomly generated floors- Amazing, overpowered, hilarious synergies with the game's amazing item selection- Almost horrifically replayable- A booming community- 20 challenges to test your skill, and ways to play- Improved graphics from the original- Unique, crude art-style- One of the best soundtracks in video games I've played- Insane challenge. (But also very fair)Cons------------------ The story isn't really well-explained. Unless interpreted, the story isn't as fleshed out as I would like.- The gameplay is almost completely luck-related""The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth"" is a game that I have sunk many, many hours into. Over 320 hours, in fact. I bought it quite a while ago, and just got back into it after watching TearOfGracehttps://www.youtube.com/user/TearofGrace(Check him out, I strongly recommend it) play it, where I learned a few tricks from him. I cannot recommend this game enough. It is VERY much worth your money. Support the creator.I will be judging ""The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth"" a little differently. I will judge it on how it expanded on the already amazing ""The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth."" I will see what it did better, and what it may have done worse.Afterbirth:Pros------------------ More achievements- More (But frustrating) environments- Tougher enemies- More items- New game mode (Greed mode)- Two new characters- New bosses- More transformations- Even better, crazier synergiesCons------------------Honestly, there's not much wrong about the game I can say. The only possible flaw is that the challenge may be too much for some.The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth is a fantastic expansion of this already amazing game. I cannot say much new about Afterbirth without me repeating myself more than I already have.I cannot praise these games enough. So much about them are creative, expansive, and innovative to their genres. These games are well worth the $21 I spent. Both of these games are nearly perfect.Rebirth: 9.5/10Afterbirth: 9/10"
,Recommended,250900,12872361,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Merm,"This game brought the original game back and better than ever. Better items, better music, better enemies, more characters, and a ton of achievements! I love this game to death and will invest numerous hours in this game.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,18701261,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TheSandHawk,Hey M8The graphic of this game ist for an indie game awesome: 9/10Fun: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Story: 10/10I love this game and i will wait for AFTERBIRTH
,Recommended,250900,23549075,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,LewkForce,"This is by far the most difficult game I've tried to 100%.The Binding of Isaac is a combination of luck and skill. In almost every way, there's a catch. Want a high value item from a deal with the devil? That'll cost you some of your health. Want a good run with a character you locked? There goes your win streak. Want a chance at getting a bomb when you need it? Leave that up to chance as well. Almost every part of this game is a gamble where you try and play the odds.Learning what every item does (with DLC, that's over 470 items) is a pleasing chore. Dealing with champion versions of monsters or bosses at the game's whim provides a truly random feel, even though the maps are seeded. With over 5 million map seeds, you will never have the same run twice. Hell, even if you did run the same seed twice in a row you'll most certainly have a different outcome.As of writing, only 2.5% of people have 100% on this game, and that's including those who use a cheat engine.My only caution is that when you buy this game that you let your friends and family know. You're going to be hooked on it for a LONG time."
,Recommended,250900,18669821,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,cringe in 16 dimensions,"Here's the thing. You said a ""trilby is a fedora."" Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that. As someone who is an atheist who studies euphoria, I am telling you, specifically, in atheism, no one calls trilbys fedoras. If you want to be ""specific"" like you said, then you should too. They're not the same thing. If you're saying ""fedora family"" you're referring to the euphoric grouping of le reddit army, which includes things from neckbearded gentlesirs to highly intelligent intellectual like myself. So your reasoning for calling a trilby a fedora is because random people ""say that only neckbeards wear fedoras?"" Let's get Mountain Dew and Doritos in there, then, too."
,Recommended,250900,18765721,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ThatOneGuyJesse,"Will you have fun?Yes.Will you die?Yes.Will you rage?Very plausible that this will happen.Will every hit of damage be your own fault?99% of the time, yes.Will you have microtransactions?No.Will you have to pre-order to get extra content?No.Will you get awesome item-combos?Yes.Will you get hundreds of hours of gameplay?Yes.Will you skip schoolwork to play this game?Possibly. Probably.Will you have to play as a secret character that dies in one hit to fully complete the game?Yes.10/10 - Me."
,Recommended,250900,18768598,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kim Jong Sun,"played for many hours, it's fun to stumble upon some broken/crazy combos"
76561198080193235,Recommended,250900,18749616,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,DeVito,10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,250900,18743190,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,shyo,its good
76561198039803471,Recommended,250900,18771078,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Con_Angel,"Items are good, pick them up, unless you don't like winning, gg."
76561198066679590,Recommended,250900,18771094,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ash,Not even out yet smh tbh
,Recommended,250900,18771253,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,NuRelic,"After playing ""The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth"" for a few hours (~1400) I have concluded that the game is too hard and I can't seem to beat it. I suggest making characters start with 3 random items to increase their overall damageThanks,NuRelicPs: One more thing:つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Give Afterbirthつ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ Give Afterbirthつ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ Give Afterbirthつ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ Give Afterbirthつ ◕_◕ ༽つ"
,Recommended,250900,18773424,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,glugplug,yes
,Recommended,250900,18755221,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Evan__M,Great Rogue-Like game with a dosage of RNG goodnes for those unique runs almost every time. 9/10 for me.
,Recommended,250900,18755739,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Pants Optional,You're a toddler that can shoot blood lasers
,Recommended,250900,18733080,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,dog king the netherlord,TEM SPEND COLLEG MONY ON THIS GAMETEM IS PROUD WITH CHOICE
,Recommended,250900,18734215,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,majofps,"Great game, has hundreds, even thousands, of hours of gameplay. Always very fun. Buy it or poor."
76561198077624894,Recommended,250900,18999173,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Mr.Red,mucho bueno. Like very. Tacquitos. 10/10 10/10 100/100 best game best game.
76561198074860291,Recommended,250900,27464535,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DarkSoul,"Probably the most addictive game I have personally played, hundreds of hours of fun."
76561198180839934,Recommended,250900,27502003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Imhidinghere,test of time !!!!!!!
,Recommended,250900,27505005,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,A Lad Insane,Buy this already.
,Recommended,250900,27082293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CappuCirn⑨2,A very nice game that have replay value.
76561198043767617,Recommended,250900,27782074,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kylo Ben,Ever wanted to play a game forever? You're in luck!
,Recommended,250900,27797369,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Der_Jadeaffe,I really like this game
,Recommended,250900,27834134,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cóólybird,"I have played this game for 300 hours online, and at least 2000 offline..[/spoiler] Mom [/spoiler] is crazy[/spoiler] Satan [/spoiler] is in basementRelatable10/10 would find [/spoiler] satan [/spoiler] in basement again."
,Recommended,250900,28692212,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JadedJester13,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,250900,26193900,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,GamerKnight332,"A good Game!overall Legendary gameplay. Easy to pickup and fun to play!of course it has a dark story to it all but is generally a fun game to play, whenever times are boring as it brings in a good challenge!"
,Recommended,250900,29965595,Posted: 16 February,all,Snake,"With multiple different characters each with their own playstyle, endless varieties of items, and a different randomly generated map each time, this game offers hours of unpredictable fun defeating enemies and bosses in the depths of Isaac's basement."
76561198041531536,Recommended,250900,25951303,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SpontaneousCake,"Save yourself a few hundred hours and don't buy this game...Wait, why am I recommending this game?...Here we go again, goodbye another 100 hours"
,Recommended,250900,27125817,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deleri,Love this Game <3
76561198059000853,Recommended,250900,27153177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nick_ToA,BEST GAME EVERTons of game hourTons of SaltTons of fun
76561198248448692,Recommended,250900,28958386,Posted: 2 January,all,Tony,It's a great game.
76561197984906158,Recommended,250900,26796927,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,aokitsune,"As far as Rouge-lights go this is IMHO the best. Huge selection of characters and items, and while it is very random, as it should be, skill and knowing the game plays into it a great deal."
,Recommended,250900,26827403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shield Master of Ynos Tower,500+ hours well spent.
76561198289937233,Recommended,250900,29325390,Posted: 17 January,all,heavens feel,it was good
76561198069539560,Recommended,250900,23933811,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cryoscopic E,1] Play first Game --> Die -->  2] Another Game -->  Die -->  3] Repeat 2)
,Recommended,250900,23417391,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SHMOSES,Pure cocaine in game form. Has its highs and lows.
,Recommended,250900,23736059,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,☹ ☠ ☬ ✄ ☔ ⚡ ♚ ☀,This game is my favorite game out of all my games. Is best game 10/10 would get Bob's Brain and die again
,Recommended,250900,27888128,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Great Beaver,I've played a couple hours and I still haven't unlocked everything.
,Recommended,250900,27806428,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TRC,I can't stop playing this... please help!!! ;_;
,Recommended,250900,28745330,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,adquantum,An unforgettable experience adventure.
76561198141835647,Recommended,250900,29254552,Posted: 14 January,all,TRASHMAN 3.0,Probably one of the besI games i hve played. I would recommend it.
76561198115601455,Recommended,250900,28767178,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,breakdownyay,Very Fun.
76561198030829140,Recommended,250900,26294423,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,STORMTROOPER,Amazing
,Recommended,250900,26327512,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,rtrb,It's good.
,Recommended,250900,28213622,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,HOPSBARK,"Very difficult, but fun if you like challenging games."
,Recommended,250900,28821385,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sudokucidal,The Binding of Issac is the best 2D rouge like I have ever played. You can easily get hundreds of hours of fun from this.
,Recommended,250900,28648400,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[        ],10/10
,Recommended,250900,19008601,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,UNTitled,"This game reminds me of my childhood...  You know, a naked boy in the basement that is filled with monsters, crying tears that somehow melt the monsters and picking up wierd items that help the naked boy cry better tears that somehow melt the monsters? No?...Chilhood Simulator 201510/10"
,Recommended,250900,19042924,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,EternalReborn,"Good game should checkout, is there really anything else to say besides buy the expansion afterbirth too?"
76561198084168791,Recommended,250900,19043230,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Doomfist main,10/10very satanicalso nice gameplay
76561198025416321,Recommended,250900,19258003,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Slice1982,Recommended to fans of Roguelikes / Twin-stick shooters.A great amount of fun and replayability.
76561198125278256,Recommended,250900,19260041,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,CP,What am I doing with life?
76561198158149244,Recommended,250900,19260432,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,tuckboat,"This should be the 27,029th Review (or somewhere around there) so this will be Brief:Well done."
,Recommended,250900,19261154,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,CyberZHG,"Fun and addictive, but do not try to get all the achievements."
,Recommended,250900,19264501,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Gruu,ts gdts fn.
,Recommended,250900,19062163,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Tsundere Twintails,its a good game to play if you are realy bored fun to play but a bit to hard
,Recommended,250900,19063780,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Zaphite,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a twin stick shooter rogue-like with almost endless replay value and great gameplay that constantly makes you want to come back for more.The Good:Rebirth is a remake of the original Binding of Isaac but has new pixel graphics and many, many new items, rooms, and enemies to find. To newcomers to either of The Binding of Isaac games, the games may seem disturbing or vulgar due to the themes of the game and the content, which includes using tears as your primary attack and power-ups such as ""cancer"". However, there is lots of black humor in the game and these items create a sense of threat and creepiness to the levels and enemies, which also adds to the personality of the game. The pixel art style used in Rebirth is done very well, and although I wouldn't say it is spectacular I certainly don't have any complaints about it. Some people prefer the art style of the original Binding of Isaac but I personally prefer Rebirth's pixel art as it feels much cleaner and smoother to play with.The controls work fine with either a keyboard or a controller and controlling the projectiles in the game feels great because of the way it interacts with your movement. The base weapon for most characters in the game are tears which are shot in a straight line in whichever direction you shoot. Moving while shooting however will cause your tears to also travel in that direction, causing them to go in a diagonal line instead of straight. You cannot shoot diagonally, only up, down, left and right, but you do not miss being able too, or feel out of control at all because of how adaptive these controls feel.The rogue-like elements are very addicting due to how many different items, rooms, and enemies there are. As you progress through the levels, you can find items that give a stat boost or they can change how you play the game, for example changing how your projectile works. These items can combine in thousands of different ways to make each play-through different and make you adapt to what you find.The Bad:As I mentioned before, it is possible that the content of the game may be inappropriate for some people, so I wouldn't necessarily recommend this game to small children. However, if shooting piles of poop with tears to find coins doesn't faze you too much, then you should be fine. While playing, it can get frustrating if you keep getting bad items, as the game can get very difficult in the later levels. However, it is very easy to start a new run and try again.The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a very addicting game with great rogue-like elements, controls that feel great to use, and I honestly found it very difficult to find any negative things to say about the game. The randomness makes every try feel different, but it doesn't completely dictate how the game plays as it still takes a decent amount of skill to progress and do well."
76561198018406024,Recommended,250900,18337664,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Casm,"95% of the negative reviews consist of, ""WAAAHHHHHH I suck at this game"" and the other 5% of the negative reviews are, ""WAAAAHHHHH the game doesn't work on my potato of a PC!!!"" Then they all blow raspberries and give it a thumbs down.10/10 would review the negative reviews again."
,Recommended,250900,17526742,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Soupzz,freakin spiderz......9999999999999/10 would die/live again
,Recommended,250900,17470277,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Erise,"Dear Diary:Today I was killed by a little puny worm.GGI leave all that I own to my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cat GuppyGood bye cruel world, because I suck at this game!10/10Would die again and again."
,Recommended,250900,17490023,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Vex,"No other game has made me come back and play it more than this one has just for the sheer amount of crazy combinations you can get. Be it one that grants you the win instantly or be it one that gets you killed in one floor, the RNG mixed with the different starting stats and characters make this game unique and it holds a special place in my heart for that one reason. Never played the first Isaac, but I am glad I got this one. 11/10 would Isaac again."
,Recommended,250900,17704053,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,SpaghettiiWithJuice,Would die by fly again
,Recommended,250900,17454352,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Aijak,My mom came at me with a knife once. Not as good as this gameMom with Knife: 2/10Rebirth 9/10
,Recommended,250900,17458621,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Vezi,This game has hours upon hours of replay ablity and i would recommend this to anyone who wants to support this developer.Also for all the people just starting out should go over to twitch and watch one of my favorite streamers CobaltStreak.He is very helpful and kind and all your questions will be answered
,Recommended,250900,26784874,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moggrat,"Due to lots of RNG the game is very replayable. Lots of items, lots of enemies, lots of fun."
76561198186693027,Recommended,250900,25465157,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Drunk_Monkey_69,This game is so addictive that I use it as my sustitue for when I'm out of weed. What I don't get is why this game is a 16.(There's literally nothing wrong with it.)
,Recommended,250900,26925778,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Marcos com ""o""",The game that i spent more hours of pure fun and agony
,Recommended,250900,26929616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mashiro Mitsumine,"Not that good at the game, but seriously love it and keep coming back to it."
,Recommended,250900,26930332,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A Jebaited boi,>Start to play>Die 336 times until you beat mom>Repeat until you beat each boss>????>Profit
,Recommended,250900,27015214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PickleRick24,"If you enjoy blasting tears out of your eyeballs at extreme speed to inflict pain upon your own mother, yourself, a dead child, and literally Satan himself, then this game is definitely for you. I give this game a 20/20. (get it?)"
76561198043483027,Recommended,250900,27030487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BrandonLD,If you want to sink time into a game this is for you.
,Recommended,250900,26899476,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[PV]Xenaxe,"Do you like Crying babys, that can kill stuff with their tears?! Then this game is perfect!"
76561198128881239,Recommended,250900,26910388,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carly,A great randomly generated game. Will always be my go to game
,Recommended,250900,27381151,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Orna. | New Pc!,">  Shoves nails into eyes>""Tears up!""> Fires nails from eyesI like"
,Recommended,250900,27524012,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mumfy ξ,"I never thought another game besides an MMO would take this many hours of my life, that i don't regret spending."
,Recommended,250900,29341324,Posted: 18 January,all,VENT,"Would give game *premium*♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the most replayable value i've seen in a long time, and a good community filled with well made mods to further the amazing story created following Isaac and his mother."
,Recommended,250900,29467421,Posted: 24 January,all,Index154,"This game is pretty good.Pros:-Old-school pixel art graphics-Cute and at the same time creepy design-Atmospheric music-Realistic sound design-Easy controls-Infinite replay value-Many diverse levels, rooms, enemies, bosses and items-Mod support-Challenging achievements-Local multiplayer-Good DLCsCons:-Not an easy game to get into-Sometimes bad luck can screw you overAdvice:Knowledge about all of the items and enemies is key. I suggest looking up item effects on the fly on this website:www.platinumgod.co.ukThis will make your life much easier.Watching youtube videos of the game can also be very helpful and interesting at the same time."
76561198263140734,Recommended,250900,29568852,Posted: 29 January,all,Cookies,It's easily the best game i have ever played. It's incredibly fun and addicting .
,Recommended,250900,29467554,Posted: 24 January,all,KooreKeeruTaja,"""OMG I FINALLY KILLED MY MOM now i'm gonna murder her heart with a big mouth laser""11/10 would cry my mom to death again"
,Recommended,250900,22681170,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,"And Then, There Was Cake","If you are having a lucky day, this is the game for you, if not well the u r screwd"
76561198059568673,Recommended,250900,22798647,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Silver,The most fun you can ever have with a naked child.
76561198047474024,Recommended,250900,19428388,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nuttiest Kid Alive,excellente
,Recommended,250900,25190512,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Proxxcy,good game
,Recommended,250900,25026808,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,VictaVOX,Blinking red housefly in some basement: hurts you when you touch it.50-foot tall embodiment of sin: doesn't hurt you when you touch it.
76561197998377376,Recommended,250900,27260325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Monkii,Best Legend of Zelda in the series. The only thing  I dislike are the dungeons.
,Recommended,250900,27379136,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Honey Boo Boo,Great game.May the RNG be in your favor.
76561198059198176,Recommended,250900,27411223,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ciridal,"I never get tired of this game, it probably one of the best of it's genre."
76561198131721651,Recommended,250900,13447743,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Curiouspotato1,"Tis game be vry good... It haz ded, pews, booms, zambies, and oder cool dings, LIKE FRKEN LAZERZ... and very addcting"
76561198032979798,Recommended,250900,28229974,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Becaw,I don't think it's even possible for me to stop playing at this point
,Recommended,250900,24164266,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AJ Stylish,My oponion about this game is.Its the best Dungen Crawler/Indigame i have ever playedcool synergies and nice design
76561198064876149,Recommended,250900,13511767,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Killer Queen,"This game keeps you entertained for countless hours. From having a wirehanger shoved through your head to making deals with Satan himself to give yourself an edge, this game is a delightfully demented good time."
,Recommended,250900,20414766,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Yeoz [Sound],I hate this game so much.  The game is completely unfair.  You will constantly run into rooms that are unreasonably challenging and stupidly difficult to avoid getting damaged in.  Afterbirth just adds more of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Every time you win it is completely based on luck; getting a good run with good items is the only way to concievably succeed. This game sucks.But when you do get a good run it makes everything else worth it.9.9/9.91 would want to kill myself again
,Recommended,250900,20325967,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Pr0v3n,"Where do you even start with a game like Isaac?It's amazing. Crazy replay-ability, crazy amount of combos, no runs are ever alike.Stupidly high amount of achievements; stupidly difficult, yet rewarding.Isaac is the epitome of Rogue-Likes, hands down.If you like rogue-likes; look no further. TboI 1, Rebirth and Afterbirth are easily the best RLs on the market.You don't even need a decent machine to run the game. You can play locally with a friend as they throw away all your life. You can close it down at any time and lose 0 progress as it saves on a room-by-room bases; so if you've got 3 minutes to wait while in a queue for League of Legends, turn on Isaac and play a floor or two while you wait; it's amazing!Cannot recommend this game enough. Whether it's on sale for $5, or it's normal price for $15, and even the $26 for the game with the expansion, you won't find a better, more replayable game on Steam; and it's a steal for every cent you pay!So why are you still reading the reviews for a game rated ""Overwhelmingly Positive""? Just buy it!!"
,Recommended,250900,20333708,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,:finger:mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm,Positive: Replay value 4 days. Negative: Bob's brain and me walking into spikes randomly 24/7
76561198049073674,Recommended,250900,20335199,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Howard P. Jank,It's pretty good.
76561198263401016,Recommended,250900,20336509,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Vandersloot Assgiraffe,"this game is a lot of fun to play in small increments or just spend hours on, no two runs are the same, communities great too."
,Recommended,250900,20158602,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SaltLevelsMax [SFxT Discord],"Amazing game that never gets old, you will have a completely new experience each time you play since everything you get, items, rooms, enemies, bosses are all random. Plenty of unlockable items, characters and areas to keep you busy for many hours. The difficulty is nice, most enemies and bosses are a pretty good challenge by themselves and you either get good items to make the run easier or if you get bad items you'll have a much tougher time."
76561198119996162,Recommended,250900,20159402,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,juancomicos,Good
76561198119767657,Recommended,250900,20094155,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rapter Vivera,Estos sí son buenos memes.
76561198248657146,Recommended,250900,20096089,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TehFlash,Such a great game worth the money.
,Recommended,250900,20097783,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,shenaniglenn,i wasted 5 days' worth of my life on crying baby simulator 2000
,Recommended,250900,20526502,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,aramil248,You're a naked boy crying stuff to death enough said
,Recommended,250900,20550491,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Spookster Desuwa,"Compare what this game looks like to the Original. Then realize that it's alot less gorey and bloody. Btw if u wanna change that on the seed part type ""BLOOOODY"" and yes it has 4 Os.-Get chased by ur mum-Kill ur mum-Kill Satan/Urself-Kill your future self or a f****** floating lamb with an upside down cross on it's forehead-Kill ""MEGA"" Satan-Say ""360 NO-SCOPE PRO SKILLZ!!!"" when u kill Mega SatanP.S: __━━____┓━╭━━━━╮____━━____┗┓|::::::^━━^____━━____━┗|:::::|｡◕‿‿­­­­◕｡|____━━____━━╰O--O-O--O ╯save the endangered nyan cat by copy and pasting this over steam!"
76561198211686077,Recommended,250900,20543051,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Corona 👑,:D
76561198011970746,Recommended,250900,15866107,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kate,"a game in which you cry upon piles of poop, in order to melt them hoping to find something that will help you fight various monsters, which are actually stillborn, deformed, foetuses of your brothers and sisters...it took me 78 tries to beat the game once :)"
,Recommended,250900,15866865,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cap,"""But... I don't own this game.""10/10 - In Game Name""This just sort of mysteriously showed up in my library. And quite frankly I'm a bit hesitant to play it in fear of invoking the unintentionally free devils of the ban hammer.""6/10 - GameQuacks""Ludovico Technique is where?""5/10 - Milton's Milton Factory, 1084 Milton St. Stratford, IA 50249"
,Recommended,250900,15814946,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Stygian Zinogre 🐲,Probably the only game I've played where getting cancer is a good thing.
,Recommended,250900,16039318,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Gryphus,This game ruined my life the day I decided to kill Mega Satan with The Lost on Hard Mode.
76561198042035051,Recommended,250900,13793453,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LordOfTheRats,"I like it, you should too. Just...not if your heart is faint, then you probably won't like this at all.  An amazing game with an incredible amount of replay ability and tons of fun secrets to unlock.  Amazing game. Fantastic. 10/10. *Golf Clap*"
,Recommended,250900,13794897,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cheeser2d2,Extemely fun and I recomend if you played the original or not.
,Recommended,250900,13967904,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Riski [QNG],Its like my lifeMy mother tries to kill me whilst i run and use her pills10/10 would get killed again
,Recommended,250900,13883542,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,PowerPinecone,Crying blood onto slippery poop-monsters?Count me in!
,Recommended,250900,20078610,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,✪ Lou,"I highly recommend this game for casual gamers as it mainly relys on luck and skill, aswell as it being well layed out, if you enjoy simple yet addictive games this is the one for you!"
76561198202250849,Recommended,250900,20065196,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DenKata,I love this game <3
76561198242899738,Recommended,250900,20056323,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,fateacher,"May be the best replayable game I have ever played.The items is still being added in the new DLC, however some achievements is really hard to get.Anyway, you may find so many possible combinations of items and trinkets and that may lead to different effects of your characters."
,Recommended,250900,20038082,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Terryfold,"The game is fantastic. If you're looking for a game to play that'll give you days, weeks, months, years of entertainment, this is it.Also, you cry on poop to get money.10/10"
76561198051759738,Recommended,250900,20044857,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Imp3rialDron3,"This game is good, but I seriously wish I was better at it. In any case though, it's a great game with simple, but pretty efficient visuals. The game's difficult as all hell, but still very enjoyable. It's definitely a step-up from the original in my opinion.The steam reviews for it are also pretty damn entertaining on their own as well. You can find my favorite reviews for this game here:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz03yYWCfd-fb1D3zWrR5rgDefinitely some good ones in there rofl.I'd give the game a solid 4/5."
,Recommended,250900,20033066,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kanye East,"It's like drugs, but better."
76561198195402466,Recommended,250900,19821320,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,That Guy From Rick and Morty,good
,Recommended,250900,19845056,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Emerald Herald,Gud Gaem! 9/11 T: Niilo22
76561198251811340,Recommended,250900,19796617,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Handicarpe,who ever wanted to ♥♥♥♥ a fat christian ♥♥♥♥♥ anyway?
,Recommended,250900,19374162,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,platiinum-star,i spent an eternity playing this game. what i've taken away is that my mother is going to kill me with a kitchen knife. my only remaining course of action is to hide in my basement. adieu
,Recommended,250900,19349347,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Breezy,"The Binding Of Isaac : Rebirth is one of my most played games in my entire library, and for a good reason. In Rebirth you play as a tormeted young boy with a fanatic religious mother, and you must descend into the depths under your house, killing bosses and enemies, Mom, and even Satan himself. It's incredibly addictive, fun, fast-paced and never stops being interesting. One run you may grind your teeth to stumps in frustration, the next you might be sweeping a room with a laser donut of death, cackling with power as you annhialate everything in your path.Positive-Beautifully crisp HD graphics-Very smooth gameplay-wise-Countless items, pickups and trinkets-Insane combos-HEAPS of unlocks-Epic bosses-Wonderful soundtrack, with sad, epic, eerie and mysterious songs-Endlessly replayableNegative-Some characters need balancing because they aren't used as much as others.-Yes, that is all. This game is amazing.OverallGameplay : 10/10Graphics : 10/10Replayability : 11/10VERDICT : 10/10"
,Recommended,250900,20125308,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NerdMage,"Be careful what you say while playing this game, becuse yelling ""Die Mom!"", or ""finally made it to the womb"" when people are in the room gets you some weird looks pretty fast..."
76561198043279943,Recommended,250900,20282529,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,lackoffaith,Shoot the pooppick up penniesdon't be afraidand when the time comes...kill mom
,Recommended,250900,20310405,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SuperMonkeyman,"The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is one of my personal favorite games of all time. However, I truly understand what people seem to dislike about this game. I do, however, believe that the criticism of this game as being “weird” or “dark” is ridiculous, as these characteristics add theme to the game. To play this game for as long as I have, one is required to find within themselves what they enjoy about a game such as this. I, personally, enjoy getting amazing combinations. Every once in awhile you will get the most overpowered item combination known to man and this run will reinvigorate your love for this game.Notes(Pros and cons lists are inadequate)--Can be enraging, but I wouldn’t necessarily call this a criticism. The challenge of certain parts and achievements of this game are part of it’s charm.-Runs well on low-quality computers, as well as macs. I personally favor this game as it runs well on my school computer and I can play it on the go.-One common complaint is that it gets monotonous. I can understand this complaint, as I have occasionally found myself getting bored of doing the same thing over and over. Throughout this, there is always randomly generated enemies, rooms, and items that can make each run feel different.-Easy to learn, difficult to master. There is always an element of luck, but the ability to aim your tears, memorize enemies and overall get better, this game has a steep learning curveFinal Comments-The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a fantastic game with fantastic qualities. I would certainly recommend this game to the open-minded gamer that can get past the dark and somewhat depressing themes to reveal the truly enjoyable gameplay underneath"
76561198083296220,Recommended,250900,20311485,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zote the mighty,although fairly hard its quite balanced and gameplay based firmly off of luck its also quite funny and hilarious although its very sacriligous 9/10
,Recommended,250900,20706476,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gazorp-a-zorp,omfg this is such a cool game it is very addicting and i love it this is like the first game ive been really into!!!!!!
76561198180678263,Recommended,250900,20727552,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Literal paper bag,This game is awesome and i lost my life to it
76561198172186182,Recommended,250900,16679515,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ChickenFriedKarma,It is a very fun and cool game.However i recemend this game to hardcore gamers.
,Recommended,250900,29227200,Posted: 13 January,all,dinky_gnatbane,Addicting and fun.  Nothing like getting an overpowered Isaac run.
,Recommended,250900,16731157,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Omnynous,"Binding of issac is a very different game then you would expect. While I don't want to ruin the story, the apparently simple game can turn into a nightmare as you try and learn up on it. While the game is relitively simple on normal, Hard mode is much more difficult(its the original difficulty of BOI. I would recomend this game for anyone who wants a good offlin game that iss difficult and Lore filled"
,Recommended,250900,13101329,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ChewysPeanuts,Whats not to love!? Shoot all the feces you want and have the chance to get a coin! Buy nao! Peons!
,Recommended,250900,16554717,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HuΣeR,"Frustrating, yet insanely rewarding.One of the best Roguelite games I've ever played."
76561198146379858,Recommended,250900,21739171,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,And Knuckles,Please buy this game and the DLC... like right now.
,Recommended,250900,18898489,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,KwanZAa-bot __ΞΞΞ,its better than most other games ive seen on steam and i persenly play it a lot i also nominated it for award
,Recommended,250900,23645512,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,☯STULF20X6☯,"I stay up till 4am playing this game because it's made me lose control of my life.Edmound, why.Great game.  Something every game affecienado needs to experience at least once."
,Recommended,250900,28023070,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pineapples,"Most addicting game ever! Every run is different and nothing better than beating it! I can never sit down and only do ""just one"" run"
,Recommended,250900,26945554,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bowul,"i'm not sure how i managed to get over 100 hours with this game, but it happened"
,Recommended,250900,30953471,Posted: 4 April,all,Stormaggedon Farmskins.com,Great game
76561198093180243,Recommended,250900,29978299,Posted: 16 February,all,Borfus Corgus,"Love this game, from barely being able to defeat monstro (first boss) to killing isaac it has been a fun ride. I dont know why i say been cause I still play it to the time this was posted and after. Afterbirth+ Might be the last dlc, but still. I wish there was more. This game is the best."
76561198147337667,Recommended,250900,26933862,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Autistic Turtle Experience,"This game has an immense amount of content, and with the randomly generated levels you'll have a lot to keep you busy if you buy it."
,Recommended,250900,19587647,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,inri,"I love it, but i hate it"
76561197979627122,Recommended,250900,13485441,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Corey,"Great game, hours of FUN! Also, it holds true to my strong Christian Values."
,Recommended,250900,13513675,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Wahha🅱e,Just as addictive as the first Binding of Isaac
76561198106437288,Recommended,250900,14320643,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Crazyfrikintaco,"i have three words for this game, and can be said after every completed room.GG no RE"
,Recommended,250900,12797347,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,«_¨D3SiRE¨_»,YES!
,Recommended,250900,12800130,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,"Дарова, ебать!",It wasAWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
,Recommended,250900,12808956,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Flower boy,fantastic game.
76561198042058359,Recommended,250900,12821277,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Aceres,this game is great there is a baby that steals your health!
,Recommended,250900,14199309,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Twinmold,Two words: ♥♥♥♥ing Amazing.If you can get over the fact that you might suck at this game then you will enjoy it a lot.I love the improvements from the last game.The only thing that urks me and everyone else that has this game is the annoying beeping noise in one of the songs from the soundtrack.Other than that it is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun.
,Recommended,250900,13836780,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mellowlover,"If you are a fan of, not only dying alot, rougelikes you will love this game."
76561198057389874,Recommended,250900,15704936,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,KuhanSSJ5,fun
76561198060070794,Recommended,250900,15630304,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,DellekRee,Good game
,Recommended,250900,15273807,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ben,10/10 would adventure through p*ssy again.
,Recommended,250900,15526573,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,KIT,What is life when you have this beauty of a game?Nothing. Get it now.420/69 would♥♥♥♥♥♥on♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198060219701,Recommended,250900,18891662,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,lostcraft,"Binding of Isaac is, and has always been, a polarizing game. The premise- a small child trying to escape, and ultimatively kill, his mother in a monster-filled basement- is just the tip of the iceberg. Religious themes, pure body horror, and a general air of hopeless despair are your companions as you guide wee Isaac through procedurally generated levels, shooting your tears as monsters in order to stay alive and make it all the way to... Mom.The thing is, many games set out to be shocking, and many fail because their shock value is the only thing they offer. BoI, however, is a really well-made, deep, and intricategame. Some games try to draw you in with their offensiveness and have nothing worth playing. BoI may put you off with its relentless gross-out, but it also rewards anyone who can look past the poop with hilarious dungeon runs- item combinations, enemy variance, room layouts and great overall presentation create a game that is top of its class.In terms of gameplay, BoI is a top-down, permadeath, roguelike shooter. You guide Isaac through a seeded map with a Boss Room leading down to the next. Walking and shooting is done with WASD/Arrow keys, and your crying little badass also has a small amount of bombs at his disposal. Enemies come in many types, and several variants, each with their own unique traits, attack patters and weaknesses; once you enter a room you must defeat all monsters to unlock its doors and make further progress. Each level has a special ""crown room"" where Isaac is presented with a power-up drawn from a huge pool of odd (nd sometimes downright disturbing) items. To become faster, more healthy, or gaining all sorts of trick shots and unique abilities, Isaac chows down dog food, dons demon horns, plucks out an eye, or afflicts himself with cancer. The way those abilities stack and synergise make BoI such a dark glory-ride: After a couple of upgrades the original child is hardly human anymore... and can set rooms ablaze with nothing but a thought. Or cry in circles. Or, I don't know, be the devil himself?Playing and meeting certain criteria will also unlock more and forever more stuff to find, as well as new characters to play as- again, each with their own unique abilities (mapped to RPG tropes, so there is sort of a Warrior/Mage/Thief thing going on here).Rebirth is a remake of the original BoI, which was made in Flash- not an ideal choice fo a game of that scope. Rebirth plays smooth, has more tricks up its sleeve and boasts some very nice pixel art, and it is the ""definite"" edition you want to get if you're the least bit interested in a purchase.Recommending BoI:Rebirth is easy: Yes, it's a great game, and if you like your roguelikes full of content you can't really pass on it. It plays well, the controls are highly responsive, the sheer amount of stuff to find and play with it staggering, and each time you think you've unlocked it all, there's yet another trinket to be found.It's still a very dark, visually disturbing game, and it deals with some very mature, religious, unsettling themes... you need to be aware that BoI is a dark ride, and while I respect it for telling such a cruel tale, it may be off-putting to some."
,Recommended,250900,19724172,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Father Esteban,"Amazingly fun. When paired up with Afterbirth and the fact it's randomized, it brings countless hours of great playtime!"
,Recommended,250900,13926799,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Khonjin,im gay
76561198061786037,Recommended,250900,17078997,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,I_see_sandvich,"This game is one of my favourite games I have played in a while. I still remember my first Mum kill. I found the controlls a bit weird at first, but, after a few minutes I felt like I'd gotten used to them. I even bought this game on my Vita and I still haven't gotten bored of it after a year of playing it in my spare time while I'm not at my computer.I recommend you pick this game up and give it a try if you haven't already and you like Rogue-like games."
,Recommended,250900,14099247,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TopHatTurtle,"really good game, far better than the previous game much more content many hours of fun to be had"
,Recommended,250900,13426067,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Nms,It's virtual crack and I'm high as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,250900,20353985,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,「 mirco-chan 」,"Well, afther 200 hours i coud say that this game is amazing, it never gets old, you can replay it thousands of times and you will need to still unlock stuff! with the new DLC the game got at leas 500+ more hours of gameplay!"
76561198027745520,Recommended,250900,20343328,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Meme Goblin,I played this game to soften the blow of getting cucked. If you guys have gotten cucked recently I recommend playing this instead of sobbing in your chair. Bretty gud.
76561198037970925,Recommended,250900,20343384,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Otto Boy Wonder,"I have crohns, celiac, and am shorter than 5'7''. This game makes all that better."
,Recommended,250900,20270939,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SkulkSniper,Great game and would totally recommend.
76561198052491940,Recommended,250900,20389133,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,UnvalidPixel,bible stimulator 2015God did 9/11
76561198127398932,Recommended,250900,20390936,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,garbage bun,If only my tears were this powerful in real life..
,Recommended,250900,20382035,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,✴✴Haydar✴✴,One of the best amazing games i ever played everything is good but who would dislike this game? This game is much funny that i have no words for it.
,Recommended,250900,20264839,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,☮ataB乡,Don't do this to yourself.
,Recommended,250900,19866433,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Khada Jhin,- Defeats final boss without any problems.- Beats hard mode with everyone without even trying- Unlocking allot of secrets- Get killed by a tiny little spider10/10 would suck again.
,Recommended,250900,19879395,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ｔｏｍ,Great game all around despite me sucking at it! Purchasing the Afterbirth DLC Soon I love this game with a heart and a half its a great game and I recommend it to anyone :D I have 20 hours sunk in and its a great game
76561198013289894,Recommended,250900,12792620,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Masked Wolf,"This game is amazing, well worth the money paid! Even if you didn't prepurchase with the original game in hand for the discount, the game is well woth the $14.99 and has hours of replay value!"
,Recommended,250900,12794292,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Splat Tim,Time to waste another 200 hours.
76561198060547904,Recommended,250900,12808789,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mr P,"The first one was spectacular and perfectly made. At least until this one! The Binding of Isaac Rebirth is a jaw dropping and fun experience that you will never get with most modern games now. An amazing soundtrack, story, fighting mechanics, and art style make this game irresistable. :D"
76561198047199200,Recommended,250900,12859747,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,8967354 #2,Really good game! Lots of new content
76561198148726659,Recommended,250900,15748127,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,hyperloony,"there are only 3 words that can do this game justice.BUY,IT,NOW."
76561198073750024,Recommended,250900,15611010,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,DaftMau5,Love how addicting this game is!! I forsee future gameplays filled with OP runs and then that run that makes you question everything.
,Recommended,250900,13769340,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,WaterMel,"100% Replay value and complete entertainment, I always get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game but end up playing it all over again Its most agreeable to it being its price because its worth it, such a change to the second game but the difference makes it smoother and easier to enjoy 9/10"
,Recommended,250900,14259692,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SoSleepyMarvin,"This game is really good in my opinion. It's got an interesting idea and concept, and really is an addictive game.Its also a very good game to just play casually, you don't need to invest as much time into it as other games.I very much enjoy this game and recommed it to whoever."
,Recommended,250900,14281181,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Nevera,If you don't own this game you are missing out. The best indie game ever made. You'll NEVER get bored of it.
,Recommended,250900,13116936,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome -WTI-,"I underestimated this game. This game is one of the most, if not THE most, fun games I've ever played. I play it all the time, and it is almost impossible to put into words how fun this game is. You know a game is good when it frustrates you, makes you ragequit, and makes you continue playing withnin an hour. The replay value is infinite, the humor is hilarious, and the gameplay runs as smooth as butter! (If...butter is smooth.)I seriously rate this game 10/10. 11/10 if I could. PLAY. THIS. GAME."
,Recommended,250900,13137437,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Squidling,top kek
,Recommended,250900,13156466,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,washt up,This game is so dank it made me 360 NOSCOPE TINY PLANET SOME BOSSES.
,Recommended,250900,13807502,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Woiwee,Great remake of an already great game.Tons of items and random level generation make every run different.Highly addictive.The only thing which is better in the original is the soundtrack.
,Recommended,250900,13901416,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Mr Sister Fister,"This game is amazing. It has so much replayability, having a different experience every run is what makes this one of my favorite games. Would recommend to anyone looking for a game in whitch they can casually play but can be quite challenging as well."
,Recommended,250900,13409372,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Omae wa mou shindeirou,░░░░░░░ ▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░▄░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░▄░░░░░▌░░█░░░░░░░░▐░░█░░░░░▌░░▀██▀░▄████▄░▒▀██░░▐░░░░░▒▒▒▒░█▄▄▄▄█░▒▒▒▒░░░░░▀░░▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒░░▀░░░▀▄░▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒░▄▀░░░░░░▀▄▒░░░░░░░░░▒ ▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀
76561198092763431,Recommended,250900,13440247,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,C.M.M,i love this game and all its added features like the new items and alot more challenges and all the new charcters
,Recommended,250900,15316237,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ThinkMc,"+ The amount of stuff to grab and to do, insane+ New engine blows the old Isaac out of the water (fire effects, shadows, etc.)+ Game is amazingly smooth and clean+ Too many achievements to count for+ Too many hours spent in perspective+ Best poop simulator EVER!- Incompatible with social life outside the PC.- UPDATE: Had the music on the ""+"" but moved it here. Sounded incredible on the first run but on the long run it's kinda grating. Makes me miss Danny's amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,250900,13911107,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,A Fresh BLT,"Instead of buying another monthly membership for porn, I suggest buying this game. Its worth its money"
76561198070860901,Recommended,250900,13964269,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,FastRate,Its all Fun and Games until you begin grinding unlocks for The Lost and Real Platinum God
76561198229587340,Recommended,250900,26497411,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,SaviourScout,"Simply one of the greatest games of all time, a masterpiece. Edmund McMillen is one of the best in the video game buisness."
,Recommended,250900,14411662,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Umega,I liked the Zelda dungens interier and puzzles. This game takes that and builds from that. And its preity funny.
,Recommended,250900,16446852,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Drift86,Satan gave me explosive diarrhea10/10
,Recommended,250900,16448058,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,potato testicle,"this game... IS AMAZING!!!it's a great game that will make you rage at some point *cough cough platinum god cough*but other than that it is truly THE♥♥♥♥♥♥also, the synergies are endless, the items are awesome, and the lost? ehh... give him holy mantle in afterbirth and i willbe pleased."
,Recommended,250900,16454736,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mattdotzig,"If you played the original Binding of Isaac and you enjoyed it, you're going to love Rebirth. Rebirth is vanilla Isaac but better in every way. Better graphics, more items, runs on C++ rather than Flash, and a bunch of other cool things."
,Recommended,250900,16296755,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kiolat,So freakin' addicted to this game. love it so much 10/10
76561198041875341,Recommended,250900,16323937,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DukyHD,One of the best games I have played all year. Very fun and has tons of reply value.
,Recommended,250900,14054304,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,OneGuyWhoKnows,I can say I killed my mom with a spinning ring of brimstone with which anything that came into contact was blasted into giblets.10/10
,Recommended,250900,14060926,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dronez,"Wow, what can i say.. Amazing game. I never played the original game because i didn't think i'd enjoy it. I saw a youtuber play it and then kept watching more and more episodes, then suddenly the game is in my library ready for me to play. I feel like RNG plays a big part of this game due to the 300+ items it has, as an achievement seeker this will get quite frustrating but its an amazing game. Dual stick controls e.g WASD for moving and Arrow keys for shooting which is a bit weird for the first few runs. Hundreds of hours of gameplay. (Killed the first actual boss in 12 hours, theres alot more stages than that) The soundtrack kind of meh, it sounds all the same to me so i just mute it. You should definitely play this game, whether it to sink a few hours into or to play to the fullest you'll become addicted."
76561198004914203,Recommended,250900,12802848,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,CrashingPilot,"Rated first one 10/10Played second one, rate it 11/10"
76561198082388748,Recommended,250900,14926959,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Gonk Wrings ニグロ,"Although it can be very difficult at times, this game is amazing! (oh and also enjoy all the poop)"
76561198061072607,Recommended,250900,15204720,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,♛Ice♛,love it
76561198045211666,Recommended,250900,15180651,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,[Ab!]NotAccepting,Shooting Things with tears? Its not sane... Its so good though... must keep playing...
,Recommended,250900,15208654,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mushtang,yo this game is pretty cool 11/10 would buy again
,Recommended,250900,15228531,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,White Kali Muscle,great banter 9/11
,Recommended,250900,15097789,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SalamanderTheSexyHorse,Sure
76561198123214982,Recommended,250900,14589064,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Gavynb_3,"10% luck,20% skill,15% concentrated power of will,5% pleasure,50% pain,100% reason to purchase the game."
,Recommended,250900,15370894,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Pangtience,"15 min before classDecides I have time for one runthrough2 hours later, missed class, missed my date and missed lunch.11/10 religion"
,Recommended,250900,14448274,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,DatCat,The Finding of Items: Restart.
,Recommended,250900,27249020,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Screpiti,BibleThump
,Recommended,250900,24483957,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Lich King,"Great game, only 26 hours, but felt like 90"
,Recommended,250900,31570050,Posted: 5 May,all,Snail,I definitely got my money's worth
,Recommended,250900,25976014,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jake⎝{From State Farm}⎠,"One of the best games you could even get, great for speedrunners, competionists, and casual play. I reccommend it to everyone. But make sure your keyboard is glued to your desk, you'll know why if you play this game."
76561198084450224,Recommended,250900,15326288,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,GeneralVague24,"Much harder to crash than the last one.But i'll be damned if that stops me.No seriously I'll be damned, I sold my soul to to the devil for a shovel, a gimp mask and a hairball and now Krampus is coming for me."
,Recommended,250900,19271573,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,[K9]「FFP」Catman,So what if I killed my mom
,Recommended,250900,28969152,Posted: 3 January,all,SFguile,"This game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off to no avail. It is much harder than the regular version of the game. If you haven't gotten the original verison, get this one. If you have gotten the orignal, buy this one when you start beating the original. It is totally worth the buy."
,Recommended,250900,13002413,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Fist,It's ok.
,Recommended,250900,13149405,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"I was not the biggest fan of the original Binding of Isaac. I enjoyed it, but I wasn't in love with it. This game though, from a lot of the minor changes made to it, from the art style to the fact that there is a quick restart button, to just the new items and fun new challenges, I think I can truly fall in love with. Its just a perfect game to play during those moments where life is boring you and nothing else really is hitting that spot. Play a round, put it down, watch a movie, pick it up again afterwards, and it will be fun every time."
,Recommended,250900,15440799,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Whitefox,The best remake ever done.
76561198007456200,Recommended,250900,24758005,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mister Orange,it's ok.
76561198131098065,Recommended,250900,13837227,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,lloydthelord,This is a huge upgrade from the old isaac. It is really worth the price because you will get many hours of play out of this game. It will most likely go on sale again at some point so you can wait but its really good and totally worth the price even when it is not on sale. There are so many things to unlock and so much content in the game. I would reccommend this to most people.
76561198072140554,Recommended,250900,19152864,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Plappy Snappy,Pros:- Turn into a cat- Eat a heart to gain health- Fight angels- Fight Mega Satan- Beat your moms heart with a bibleCons:- I can't make my blood lasers split
76561198138738936,Recommended,250900,19173687,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,lordofbore,"This is a more than decent game of biblical proportion. I was lucky enough to watch plenty of youtubers play this game beforehand and i was able to develop a liking to it, unlike everyone else that i have shown it to.  I suppose it is a developed taste. I didnt play the first binding of isaac but i suppose you dont need a backstory to enjoy it, i have yet to buy its sequel, afterbirth but it seems equaly good. It has good replayability with random maps, challenges and a good modding community but i might just be ""fangirling"" over it.My end virdict is that it is a good game if you like the roguelike genre but otherwise, dont bother."
,Recommended,250900,19175390,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Gambles,is gud
,Recommended,250900,19227749,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Phoenix,This is a great game with hours of possible play time!
76561198141221108,Recommended,250900,19228518,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,King Potato the crispy,"Worth every penny. Im sad? binding of isaac. Im hungry? Play a lil greed mode with lilith, the new amazing character! The only reason i havent gotten around to writing a review was because i was playing this. Fallout 4 doesn't work? isacc is here for you! Everybody else is playing fallout 4 but im here loving this simple game."
,Recommended,250900,19271868,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zykprod,Ok. Just one last run.*Die**Start another run*Ok. Just one last and then i stop for real.*Die*One last run just to see the item in the golden room(Repeat Xtimes)
,Recommended,250900,18921914,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,shoe,"This is a fantastic modernization of a fantastic modern game. The changes aren't just on the backend, though. It comes complete with a new look, (and a toggle in the options for the old flash look) proper controller support, and a ton of new content: items, specialized challenges, and a new seed feature for sharing and experimentation.The original game was already loaded with content, and this game does a great job of introducing much, much more to the equation.Even if you've never played the original, this version is welcoming to new and old alike and a great introduction point to the game.The recently released expansion is a there when you're ready, don't feel like you're getting shortchanged if you just want the base game."
,Recommended,250900,18937466,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,egg salad,I can kill satan. And myself. And a ded version of myself. And my mom. And angels.10/10
,Recommended,250900,19037072,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Pixos12,"My mom: 'Spiders won't hurt you, nothing to be afraid of'F*ck this game.10/10"
76561198067859180,Recommended,250900,18829644,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Excalliebur,"Loved the first one, loved this one even more.The new DLC came out a few days ago--Greed Mode is the best. Got so many items I crashed the game.10/10 would kill mom again"
,Recommended,250900,17021916,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,samdavnic,"Not sure why they went from vector graphics to pixels but why should i care? Great remake, I finally beat MOM yay!"
,Recommended,250900,17022369,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Edgiest TeenAger,I like this game so much but the second time that i open it it gave me all the achievements. I dont know how but check my profile.
,Recommended,250900,27217983,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cyhiman,BibleThump
,Recommended,250900,17039250,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Fayl,"Moms Speghetti Made Me Hallucinate Into A Demon Baby With Wild Intentions And Sick No-Scopes To Your Hearts, (and your mom's heart) Content."
,Recommended,250900,17168069,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,b3afy,"STORY:>boy and mother>tiny house>top of a hill>boy's name is isaac>isaac likes drawing>mother likes watching christian tv>thelegomovieeverythingisawesome.mp3>""god"" speaks to mother>""isaac is corrupted, take everything from outside away from his posession"">does so>isaac is scared>""god"" gives another order>""no no no, take EVERYTHING away from him, lock him in his room!"">does so>isaac is sad>idbe♥♥♥♥ed.jpeg>""god"" gives one last order>""he is my sacrifice. kill him for my pleasure."">mom grabs kitchen knife>isaac peeks through key lock>isaac recoils, tries to find solution>psycho1960.wmv>isaac moves rug>secret hatch>lost.wmv>mother breaks down door>koolaidmanohyeah.mp3>isaac jumps down hole>isaac plunged in darkness>evil darkness>""gonna kill you"" darkness>dontstarve.exeINCLUDES:>bullet tears>yeah>a tiny kid can ♥♥♥♥ you up with his tear droplets>♥♥♥♥♥>randomized and unique items>all with different, unique looks, descriptions, stats, and humor.>bosses (easy2do w/ strats)>10 procedurely generated floorsGENRE:>defines what an rpg/rogue-like game is>high recommendationRATING:9.5/10 -b3afy ""Little to no flaws and a must own. One of those games you quit for a while, and then come back to realize what you've been missing out on."""
,Recommended,250900,17322634,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Kupat,Kappa
,Recommended,250900,17324221,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,SLIZOON1337,"This game is just awesome. The better version of normal Isaac, but on the same rules. You have to beat the dungeon rooms, to defeat bosses, ending on the final boss. Lot of stuff were added in this game. I played it a lot and I think I truly can say that this game is just awesome. I really like it."
76561197998526258,Recommended,250900,17384291,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Asenka,"BOI: Rebirth works like a drug... It's hard the first times, but you cannot give up. I cannot count anymore how many runs I've played so far... But I suppose I'm close to a thousand and I'm still not bored of this game !"
76561198079304652,Recommended,250900,17276559,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mr.Puppy,the game is is fun and FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198075863797,Recommended,250900,17246567,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,battyb,10/10
,Recommended,250900,17288194,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,『Russhole』,I freaking love this game. Buy it.
76561198068966878,Recommended,250900,17917507,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Fnarkk,Why run away from fiendish monsters in your basement when you can cry on them instead?10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,250900,17934427,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Rabid,killed a♥♥♥♥♥♥with a baby crying scythes 10/10
76561198027248025,Recommended,250900,17937582,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,❤Wubtastic Vinyl❤,Its ok.
76561198059671183,Recommended,250900,17920737,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Elton John,Replayability is INSANE!Hide from psycho mom.Collect money from crap and fire.Devote your life to satan.Kill your enemies with your tearsCrawl back into your moms wombKill your mom from the insideKill yourself.Kill yourself againBecome a godDie from a fly or spider.Rage quit for a day or so.And come back to devote your life for satan again10/10. Would repent again.
,Recommended,250900,17836675,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,The Real Slim Shady,"im possible, but bloomin fun!"
,Recommended,250900,17521267,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Will,Never have I played a game so messed up. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,17555572,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Wolframe,"Very good game with high replay value. A must have if you like good games.0/10 ""Needs more secret rooms"" -ign 2015"
,Recommended,250900,16474101,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,XEJ7i,"Awesome game, totally worth the monney!!!Graphics - Nice 10/10Gameplay - Epic 10/10replay value - huge 10/10many Items,Bosses and Others - 11/10GG"
,Recommended,250900,16478464,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr.Slade,This game is my favorite game in this generation of games k the game has a good storyline and Its grafics are better than its first game It has more stuff than the original it will be an awesome experience for does who never played the original for does who played the original You will also like it and i rate this game a 10/10 waiting for afterbirth dlc
76561198100617326,Recommended,250900,16424692,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,nepnep,good
,Recommended,250900,16462052,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Room For Improvement,"Bunding of Poosac is borst gaym, I say to all of the true goat lovers that you should not only buy, not only play, not only EMBRACE... BUT ♥♥♥♥ING BECOME THIS GODDAMN GAME YOU WORTHLESS PIECES OF♥♥♥♥♥SLUG. I SWEAR TO GABENS HOLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ IF YOU DONT END UP RUNNING AROUND TRYING TO KILL YOUR FAMILY WITH YOUR BLOODY TEARS, I WILL FIND WHERE YOU LIVE AND BREATHE ON YOU SO HARD IT WILL FEEL LIKE HAITI IS TRYING TO HAVE RELATIONS WITH YOUR PAPI.7.8/10 Too much water :)"
,Recommended,250900,16380353,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Practical,"I've always had the fetish for drowning my enemies in blood and tears. This game finally gives me an outlet to accomplish this while keeping it out of my actual life, sparing my parents the need to continue to express their disappointment of my ""poor"" life goals.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,16430685,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CraZTalia,This is a good game for passing time.
,Recommended,250900,16541618,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,atomicfirepit,One of the best games I have played in a long time. Getting hype for the new DLC soon.
76561198158422045,Recommended,250900,16567890,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MillkDrop,dlc
76561198074638613,Recommended,250900,13118350,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Johnboy,"Lovingly frustrating.I started out with viewing The Binding of Isaac (the original) on YouTube, watching NorthernLion and Bisnap breeze through it, making it look oh so easy... I knew at that point that I would not be very good at it but it looked really interesting. I decided to buy it and get competant for Rebirth.So, Rebirth... What a fantastic game. It takes the original and improves it on almost every level. It runs so much better due to a new engine. No longer do I feel angry due to the game slowing down and causing me grief! The graphics and music have been a bit of a problem for some people but I personally have embraced them and have grown to adore them just like I did in the original.Rebirth has tons more content than the original (with more expected to come) and despite being 60+ hours into the game, it still gives me that 'one more run' mindset. I love how when you pick up an item it may change how you projectiles look and finding out which items synergise well.Overall, I would highly recommend this to anyone, even if you're on the fence about buying it. Even if you don't win a run in the game, it's still a positive learning and fun experience."
,Recommended,250900,16385042,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Machoke James,It's Dark souls seen from aboveRequires time and effort to learn all the itemsbut its the best rougue-like game I have played in yearsIt's one of my favorite games and I would recomend it to anyone9.9/10 (cause of bob's brain)
,Recommended,250900,16765636,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,vikaesar,"A true masterpiece of addictive gameplay.You both love it and hate it, but you can't stop playing."
,Recommended,250900,16754097,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Slapple,I STILL CAN'T STOP PLAYINGSEND HELP
76561198157021996,Recommended,250900,16747926,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Gameguy32™,TURNED INTO  SUPER DEMON GOD OF DEATH WITH FIRE TEARS (dies by fly) 8/8 M8 would die from fly again
,Recommended,250900,16335430,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,✪ BrinKKo,Would r8 8/8 gr8 game m8
76561198187370669,Recommended,250900,16370616,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bluetoo101rcv,This game may look weird at first but once you get in to it you'll understand why its soo fun.There are so many synergies you can get. Every run is different.
,Recommended,250900,16344015,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,JoeGN,"This game shows me that ""Nice, cancer!"" can be taken seriously."
,Recommended,250900,16344354,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ringo Starr,"Amazing, just plain amazing. Everything the first one did wrong, this game corrected. The graphics are awesome and suit the atmosphere very well, the items and pickups are extremeley creative and the fun factor is off the charts. If you're looking for a sit back and relax type game, this is not for you. Isaac is fast paced and very hard at a few moments. Especially with one of the new characters! If you like the first one, you'll LOVE the ""sequel/remake""Just plain great!"
,Recommended,250900,16844546,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Portugal The Man,This game is really fun. If you have not played it before I would wait for it to be on sale because it's not to everyones taste but you should stop reading this and buy it for yourself and everyone on your friends list.
,Recommended,250900,19734514,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ModeratelyMadMoxxi™,"Having played the original extensively (Platinum God on 2 different saves) and now Rebirth for at least a few hundred hours if you add in the console edition, I can gladly say there is almost no one I wouldn't recommend this game to, save your hyper-religious grandmother. Mine splashed me with holy water, which honestly might be one of the worst items in the game. Bad experience."
,Recommended,250900,17421472,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Corrvian,"Marvelous expansion/remake of the original version that was created in 2011.This game, at its core, is extremely challenging to start off. It seems impossible to master at first, and even when you believe you've grown competent, you begin to learn about so many other challenges and other things associated with this game that give it the depth and originality to keep you coming back. Honestly, the aesthetic and themes of the game begin to dissapear as you start to really care about the runs you do and focus on trying to beat the game every run. That's not to say the themes and aesthetic of the game are easily forgettable. They just become less visible to you as you start binge-playing, which is another testament to the game's core design.All in all, a very fun and magnificant rogue-like/rogue-lite which will keep you coming back should you pursue all the challenges the game has to offer. I've completed this game and the original(minus that atrocity that is the ""eternal update""), so this review is a little late. Nonetheless, it has been long overdue for me to give this game my recomendation.May the D6 shine down upon you, and remember, chub dislikes smoke."
76561198154610844,Recommended,250900,18060447,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Chunchunmaru,Sold my tf2 items to buy thisplayed for 2 hoursdiedretrieddied againgot good itemsdiedrage quitrealized that i had nothing to dounlocked a new charactergot a legendary itemdiedcriedplayed for 4 more hoursbeat the final bosscried of happinessI'll give 11/10 for that.(soooo excited for binding of isaac:afterbirth)!!!!
,Recommended,250900,18052815,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Zorra,"It's a game about a kid who's mom wants to kill him, so he goes into the basement to hide, but there happens to be monsters in there that he has to cry at, and you can kill your mom, her heart, satan, anything really, really great game, especially if you like Rogue-like games."
,Recommended,250900,18078223,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ariamaki,Isaac and his Isaac were Isaac Isaac when...10saac / 10saac
,Recommended,250900,18081974,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,J. Robert Oppenheimer,Naked and afraid with a twist.10/10
,Recommended,250900,18088011,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,mrbuntyking,One of the best games I've ever played. Ed's a genius.
,Recommended,250900,18108629,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,dirty matt,yes
,Recommended,250900,17039900,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Slothmaw The Third,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjQPaBVYTQk
,Recommended,250900,18225127,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dead Meme,"A damn good game.Can be a bit disheartening though, especially when you have -200 on your win streak."
76561198151422791,Recommended,250900,18225914,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Chawkstar,"A good game, but only problem is the lost. That♥♥♥♥♥♥is impossible. I got Brimstone + Mom's knife and died. I had 9 lives and holy mantle and died. I have stop watch and mom's knife and 9 lives and died. I had the D6 and 9 lives and Guppy and died. I had tammy's head and brimstone and died. If you don't want to get a hole in your computer, don't play the lost until afterbirth. Otherwise, a great game"
76561198142773107,Recommended,250900,15083809,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,KAWAII GIRL DESUUU <3,As I look at the other reviews they are actually telling you the truth. All you need to do is spend a little bit of money too enjoy something with when your bored. If I could say yes a million times for reccomendation I would.
76561198060519613,Recommended,250900,13337972,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Ashertk,this game is so great every play through is unique
,Recommended,250900,12893276,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,kasper,A very fun and challenging game with nearly infinite replayability!
,Recommended,250900,12892792,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,darkouroboros,"Just like the original, but with a ton of new items, features, challenges and options. 10/10. Buy it."
,Recommended,250900,13736615,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,matey bath soap,GOTY 2014 hands down. It's a pity I'm bad at it.
76561198122497566,Recommended,250900,13742298,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,picassoishigh,Amazing would go up their with Limbo and Super Meat Boy
,Recommended,250900,13737388,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Olki,has satan in it 6/6/6
,Recommended,250900,13742574,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ricknoth101,"Poop, demons, and wholesome family fun with good old mom. 10/10"
76561197962236735,Recommended,250900,13738095,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Impfac,"addictive, fun, hard, and full of so much stuff you wont believe it"
,Recommended,250900,18815899,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Hazza,I wish I could get past the 3rd room...
76561198066431452,Recommended,250900,18808960,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,FrisbeeTurtle,"If you like nice, calm, easy games that you can play to relax. Then Binding of Isaac Rebirth is the game for you. Its a nice game when you've had a bad day. Its very easy to get a hang of and you can become an expert in minutes. Buy this game to decrease stress and anxiety.DISCLAIMER: This game can cause random burst of anger, rage, and calling of BS. If you have a fear of poop, ask your doctor if Binding of Isaac Rebirth is the right game for you. If you notice that time passes faster you should probably ignore it and continue playing.Binding of isaac Great for the whole family"
,Recommended,250900,18809608,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Derpaloo,perfect christmas gift for grandma
,Recommended,250900,18812210,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Not-At-All-Scary Minus,"""It lIves!""It Dies!Repeat"
,Recommended,250900,26970608,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fotcot,Crying is the 90% of the game RNG is the other 10%. 10/10
,Recommended,250900,17339816,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,TheDikkiter | trade.tf,"In one of the rooms, there was a sweet couple. A poop and a fly. I killed the poop. The fly got angry at me, but I killed her. 10/10 Still a beter love story than Twilight."
,Recommended,250900,17263540,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Gingerphobic Walrus,Its good
76561198059957276,Recommended,250900,17264408,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Jose,This game is a drug itself.
,Recommended,250900,17267665,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Debaser,"I think this is one of the best games ever made! It has a playtime of many, many hours and if you want, it never ends! There hundrets of items,rooms,enemys and more.Thats not enough, because you can find as many synergys as items! With the new update, Afterbirth, that is comming soon, they'll add more and more content! It's worth a buy, if you like this kind of game :)!"
,Recommended,250900,17269410,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sp00ky MrMaikiu,This game taught me a important life lesson:- Brown $hit is normal.- Golden $hit makes you rich.- Red $hit is dangerous for you.- Rainbow $hit is good for your health.10 out of 10 would sell my sould to the devil again.n'uff said.
76561198145240819,Recommended,250900,17399360,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Grillmaster Jack,"This game is a absolute masterpiece. Even starting off when the game is unforgiving and difficult, you stil manage to have fun, then you eventually get to the point where you memorize the items, and know how to defeat the bosses. But after you finally defeat the final boss, a NEW floor and final boss is introduced, and when you beat that another is introduced, and after you have finally defeated all the bosses, you can play the challenges, or try unlocking all of the items. You can have endless hours of fun with this game. After you have done all of that, you can buy Afterbirth (the expansion) which will add even more challenging fun, with new characters, enemies, floors, items, and the new greed mode. All in all, this is a fantastic game, that is definitely worth your time 11/10"
,Recommended,250900,17412060,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Miepasie,i reccomend the God mode mod to go with this gamethe game is a dungeon crawler perma death gameit has a lot of crazy items and bosseslike when you are a fat woman infested with spiders trying to dodge exploding blood balls from a giant worm^^^ thats the whole game:) 9/10
,Recommended,250900,17198984,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Benzine,Indispensable Gamebologue !
76561198010362551,Recommended,250900,17016580,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,PeterK,Why are you reading reviews? It's the best game on steam. Just buy it.
76561198150756809,Recommended,250900,17036442,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,lexren13,"In my oppinion, THE absolute greatest indie game put out on steam, only issue is the lost, but our wishes are being anwserd with upcoming updates, great job Edmund."
76561198074442896,Recommended,250900,26888860,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pround Soul,Random mix of luck and skill. It's fun.
,Recommended,250900,26819529,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Achilles,I can relate to this game very well.  Crying until my problems are solved or until I die....  10/10 BibleThump
76561197991303290,Recommended,250900,26775164,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PajoonK,Amazing game. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,250900,26757604,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dwarfaux,Best rogue-like ever to be made
,Recommended,250900,26982530,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nagatch,"I've spent 330 hours on the first BoI and I'm currently closing in on 200 hours of BoI:R ... I LOVE these games like a fat kid loves cake. There are few games I return to time and again, but BoI:R pulls me in because it takes everything that was amazing about the original and expands and improves on them.Unbelievable replayability and fun -- challenge is variable and totally worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,250900,26987884,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Squidz27,Only game where you can blast Mega Satan with your Holy quad blood lasers that come out of your mouth
,Recommended,250900,26956819,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,.LRL.Zeref,"Yeah, turns out I've played this for a short while."
76561198036281166,Recommended,250900,26971981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doublehawk1,I played it for a minute or two and I'd say it's pretty alright
,Recommended,250900,27053723,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZirakJp,gr8 game to pass time
,Recommended,250900,27066145,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr Mac,im just doing this for the badge
,Recommended,250900,27295475,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Midvari,10/10Would rage quit again.
,Recommended,250900,27128583,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DO,Noice
76561198213662371,Recommended,250900,23408740,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TheAwesomeProosia,"The Binding Of Isaac truly is an addictive game. With probably over millions of seeds, you'll never get bored. Plus it has so many synergies and items you can get its pretty op tbh. Anyways, since its always replayable it makes you wanna just try over and over. Tho i'll warn there are some side affects such as raging XP"
,Recommended,250900,27535829,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CoolzeT,Never played this game? So what are you waiting for?
76561198081695779,Recommended,250900,28012212,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AsianKat303,spawned in a cellar surrounded by spiders and a kid with i think tumors that killed himself... 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,250900,28052572,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,M☹RBUS_,"One of the best cry-'em-up games to date, highly recommend.Edmund afterbirth+pls"
,Recommended,250900,27810128,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shadowblitz3,the type of game that you won't stop playing even though you're terrible at it
,Recommended,250900,27158246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Manadir,"A fun game if you want to lose a day or two in just thinking: ""Next run is going to be better"". Spoiler the next run is not going to be better....But after a certain amount of time you become better."
,Recommended,250900,27178212,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,คςtเשคt๏г224 |#Alaska,"great roguelike! (lie down, try not to cry, cry allot ( when you lose a win streak))!"
,Recommended,250900,27182006,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yellow Birb,Fun game!! :>I totally recommend!11/10
76561198075232189,Recommended,250900,27351131,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,trump2020,best game
,Recommended,250900,27369070,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neurasthenia,Restart.Restart.Restart...oh! Bob's Brain !! Restart
,Recommended,250900,27372272,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kipthereaper,I could play this game nonstop forever... Looks like I know what I'm doing for the next 70 years or so.
76561198035840283,Recommended,250900,27193776,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ghostwheel,"Over 430 hours and still going, a game with tons of replay value."
,Recommended,250900,27827208,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Apocalypse_Hero,"Great game; I have sunk a pretty substantial amount of hours into this game and with good reason. The game isn't perfect but it gets pretty close to the right blend of total BS and f*cking rediculous that makes games of the rouge-like genre so entertaining. So if your thinking about purchasing this game I only have one thing to say to you, I've got all the achievs on the first and second so suck it. :P"
,Recommended,250900,27746692,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Leahfy Is Here,if you've ever had any doubts about commiting suicide play this game
76561198111570734,Recommended,250900,16002332,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,KillaDoge,I like this game
,Recommended,250900,18390252,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BrittIsTheWord,One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,250900,21288541,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,lookaballoon,More tears than my first marriage.11/10
76561197985582856,Recommended,250900,19387866,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SV-sEntineL,Very nice game :)))))))))))))))))))))))))
76561198128215381,Recommended,250900,21277342,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Diederic_k,"Killed poop, destroyed babies, carried around dead things10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,250900,21263322,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Cosmo Kramer,This game is great. Recommend 100%. Ton of hours of fun times. Will probably never stop playing this game.
,Recommended,250900,20995325,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Certi,"Never has a game made me scream ""HAIL SATAN"" at the top of my lungs when my christian auntie is downstairsAnd when she comes upstairs to scold me she hears me say ""Get ♥♥♥♥ing owned, Mom!"" and ""Awe sweet! Dead baby!""11/10"
,Recommended,250900,21149875,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Fluffy,"I have poured so many hours of my life into this game, its so awesome! Each playthrough is different, each mode is challenging to say the least, and all the character make that game even more awesome to play! :D"
,Recommended,250900,21144751,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MandyLina,Absolutely love this game. Can't stop playing it :D
,Recommended,250900,20790117,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,nowth,So awesome! I have several hundreds of hours in this game and still playing daily. :D Amazing
,Recommended,250900,20803345,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Vlad,This game was quite a fresh start if you get what I mean...heheheh
,Recommended,250900,26932902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Amobius,A game that just play again and again and get something new
,Recommended,250900,20817306,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DroidsDroids ni🅱🅱a,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, ""If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately."" Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- ""Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Recommended,250900,20545054,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Have Ho I Spy,"Take it, Play it, Love it!"
76561198141377409,Recommended,250900,21089578,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BeggiChozo,"Makes it to the womb, dies horrifically.10/10 Must own!"
,Recommended,250900,21106931,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,the fantastic gamer 148,"helo frands,i returnes.todai i revew bindin of isac prebirth!!!!111!!!!1!!!!!i wil outlin the poos and coons. thak upoos:-item do not have good-v comon to find item, BUT MKE SHURE TO HAV KEY!!!11-dont be scared of bosss, v common! FUN FACKT: THERE IS 1 BOSSSS ON EVRY FLOWER!now coooons!!1!!:coons:-soya milk-donald trump-sam pepper"
,Recommended,250900,16607349,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,espia13,"Well, after 130 hours playing the binding of isaac, all the achievements get, i decided to write a review of it.The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the game that every jesus-fan must play NOW, it tells you the story about a guy called Isaac that have a psichotic mother who wants to sacrifice the little Isaac. This one escapes to his basement (by the way, it is HUGE), and finds all kinds of monsters that want to kill him (those want to because of yes, no sacrifice). The gameplay basics are the ones typicall of a rogue-like game: randomly generated worlds, items, bosses, etc. The game is divided in 6 chapters, each more difficult than the last one that will give the player a lots of fun and difficult enemies. If you like killing people and cry like a little baby, BUY THIS GAME, if you like rogue-like games, BUY THIS GAME, and, if you are sadomasochist, TRY TO GET ALL THE ACHIEVEMENTS.10/10 hoping for afterbirth to come!"
,Recommended,250900,21044879,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dry,Highyl recommend.
,Recommended,250900,21066721,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,KorriGamerGirl,"ayy, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,250900,21070973,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Papa Franku,"My mom tried to kill me, but I killed her first.Then I played Isaac, it's ok !9.5/10 - Would kill mom again"
,Recommended,250900,21071845,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,CC,My favourite game
,Recommended,250900,17157589,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mr. Yasinley,It has been 22 hours and it seems that ♥♥♥♥ing devil is determined to not give me a goddamn brimstone.♥♥♥♥ Devil 10/10
,Recommended,250900,17141249,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Josey The Gaylord,"Three words: Oh. My. Gosh. This game is absolutely wonderful. This is the best thing I have EVER bought. I may not be very good, but I dont care. because I love this game.  Buy this game, its totally worth it, regardless of who you are."
76561198058722224,Recommended,250900,20941997,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Lyghtbrynger,Killed by myself in a cathedral.200/5 would die again
76561198263982503,Recommended,250900,20845106,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SushiMAX,"Addictive and fun, love the replayability of this game!!! I reccommend everyone to get it:)"
,Recommended,250900,19483341,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Pootie Poot,Meh
,Recommended,250900,12794252,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,7676Games,i love the original The Binding of Isaac a lot and the Rebirth is just even better with a few more added stuff and graphics upgrade!
,Recommended,250900,14164461,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,nik,"Still has the charm of the original, but it's a lot more solid. The pixel art aesthetic really suits the game, and the gameplay is as disturbing as ever. This is how to re-release a game."
,Recommended,250900,12843487,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,base9wario,This is about as amazing as a rogue-like can get.Plus it has poop.
76561198003574243,Recommended,250900,13145891,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,大牛,"I guess the most pertinent question is ""is this game worth getting if I own the original?"" and the answer is yes."
,Recommended,250900,28146826,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Nazimchik,"really fun game, totally worth it"
76561198024954643,Recommended,250900,18038405,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Brett Ratner,"Pretty much the most addicting game I've ever played. It's endlessly replayable between the hundreds of items and combinations, and the different starting characters. It takes a while to get used to but once you do get used to it you can play the game and simultaneously watch a TV show or something."
,Recommended,250900,12793960,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lictor,"Take the original Binding of Isaac (which is one of my personal favorite rougelikes), improve on what little shortcomings it had, redesign the graphics and sound, and this is the result.I can't speak highly enough of this game.  If you haven't purchased this already, you are doing yourself a great disservice."
,Recommended,250900,14393794,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Waffles,I think it's decent
,Recommended,250900,13007603,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Rukrio,"not many remakes actually try to improve on the original's gameplay, opting to stick as faithful to the original as possible while touching up the visuals and improving performance. Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, thankfully, does more than just that. it's still the twin stick shooter rougue-like that was made on flash, but aside from being recoded from scratch, there's a lot more new items in the basement, and familiar items have gotten some nice balancing, as to make sure you can get overall more powerful (lacking damage was a problem in the original), and some items that used to not synergize now do. why charge up one laser cannon, when you can charge 4 up that seek out foes? how about shotgun ipecac (explosive tears) with pyromaniac, which lets you heal off explosions? or how about becoming ""not gonna die today"" isaac, with every single source of healing possible?oh, and every single run in the game is seeded, meaning you can share that awesome run you had with others, and if running seeds with specific items bores you, the challenges and all the unlocks will keep you finding stuff for a long while.the game may be a little (time) ♥♥♥♥ed up, but that's Binding of Isaac for you.EDIT: i still reccomend this game. it's Co-op is surprisingly fun, so if you have a spare controller lying about, you can have them join in for more hilarity and double the firepower. hard mode will give those who desire more of a challenge out of thier isaac runs the very challenge they crave. new champion types ensure you stay on your toes. and for those who loved making custom challenge runs for themselves, a certain friend of yours from the old isaac and WoTL days will greet you with warm arms and the tools to make the game even harder or more interesting. and for those seeking the ultimate challenge, edmund and the folks at nicalis got you covered with a super secret character."
76561198044770364,Recommended,250900,12794588,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,MMonkey,The Game of the Year.
76561198055273777,Recommended,250900,19400596,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,baby guy,Killed myself in mothers womb 10/10
76561198055289967,Recommended,250900,23927324,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ainsley blyat,"Do you like killing failed abortions?Want over billions of different runs, all completely unique and different?Do you have a fetish for disgusting transformations and literal enemies made of Sh&t?Then this game is for you.10/10"
,Recommended,250900,13020129,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,•Josh :D•,"(Essence of insanity, RNG and fun!)x9000=TBoI: RebirthVisually game looks perfect, gameplay is on high level and soundtrack is unforgettable.Everyone, who played original TboI, definitely must grab at least one copy :DThanks for another masterpiece, Edmund and Nicalis team."
76561198042320872,Recommended,250900,13220920,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,DeathbyFeeding,"A game that improves on so much from the original it feels like an entirely new game. The new content brings about new synergies, difficulty and overall more time spent in the game. Although there are some problems in terms of gameplay, these do not deviate your attention from the game."
,Recommended,250900,14164920,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Cmacpride1,Insanly addicting game! A person can literally find no end to the game. There are so many types of runs to do with so many different endings and items to find. If you dont own this buy it now!
76561198052341958,Recommended,250900,24587044,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,willinjapan,"killing poop monsters with tears is great, love the salty tears of death."
,Recommended,250900,13150799,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SM7,"Would I recommeng The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth? Hell yes! It's a game I have no trouble recommending to anyone, and my personal favorite and best game of all time. Rebirth is so awesome, it makes me want to become a game developer.The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a rogue-lite about a young child named Isaac who's mother is a crazy lady and attemps to kill Isaac because ""God"" told her to. Isaac, having been locked in his room and had all his possesions taken from him scrambes for an exit finding a trapdoor to The Basement. From there the gameplay start... and you die. A lot. In fact, even on the Normal, the easiest difficulty you'll probably die a lot before you beat Mom for the first time. From there, well, I'll let you find out for yourself.If your wondering if you'd like this game but don't want to drop $15 on it to find out, Id recommend watching NorthernlionLP's series on The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. Here's the link to that:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1bauNEiHIgyfeY17IPFH1LW0tRwPRYRfAlso, never, EVER, take Cursed Eye. Just trust me on this one."
,Recommended,250900,12818260,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,FickleFox,"An immensely rewarding and intense experience that just begs you to unlock all of its secrets. It is The Binding of Isaac on sterroids, and is improved from the original in every single aspect imaginable. There are so many improvements it is for all intents and purposes a sequel, and it is a fantastic one at that."
76561198039149715,Recommended,250900,14404287,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,LOLBBQSAUCE,"Loved the first one, now I love this one."
,Recommended,250900,14979744,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ullo94,"Im a scrub, 100h+ in this game, still have not done it all. talk about value! it might be a remake but its about 200% better. buy it, and buy it now!"
76561198105885255,Recommended,250900,14649871,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ReddKnight,an Amazing Experience of Newgrounds Games Weird And Awesome at the same time i am a big fan of Newgrounds games i have play'd Castle crashers and Battleblock theater both of them are Amazing i really like't those games so im just saying the binding of isaac rebirth have new levels new awesome bosses new enemeys and New maps one of the best games i have ever playd and i also play'd the binding of isaac both of them are really amazing best games that i have ever play'd :D
,Recommended,250900,16818548,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,hmmmm,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,250900,16430865,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,EchoPhoenix,A game where you run endlessly through your basment naked dressing up as anything you want whilst fighting monsters with your tears while taking drugs to avoid getting murder by your mom.
,Recommended,250900,16431748,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Josh The Finesser™,I cry things to death. 10/10
76561198038755345,Recommended,250900,16432797,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Randler,"My mom walked in and I had to switch to porn because that was easier to explain rather than explaining im playing a video game where you play as a crying naked child killing your mom, crawiling inside of her, killing her heart all with your own tears.No game has ever made me have to do that8/8 m8 its gr8"
,Recommended,250900,16903853,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,FrostFireDragon,"- Become a messed up creature of hell-  shoot poop- Run from mom- Kill the Devil, Your mother , Yourself, and Mega Satan from family guy- Become a real platnium god0/10 would play again Kappa"
76561198082215670,Recommended,250900,16907596,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Sten,It's ok.
,Recommended,250900,16943015,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,lots of bees,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
76561198169912871,Recommended,250900,15610647,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,UrNotRain,This game is AWESOME buy it now and you might rage abit but nuuuits very funny/scary
76561198037501442,Recommended,250900,17467635,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Spexor,10/10
,Recommended,250900,23596453,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Punished Sidorovich,"It's a very good game, I do not regret playing it for 150 hours. I had much fun and it'll always be one of my favourite games.Pluses +- good replayablility- nice music- graphics- difficult- a loooot of contentMinuses -- The biggest minus is that there isn't one"
76561198065702358,Recommended,250900,12805905,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Wizards,"Fans of the original will love the updated version. Improved graphics and character design, more items, more playable characters, more fun!!"
,Recommended,250900,12796652,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,see you presidential cowboy,"Once you go black (Rebirth) you can't go back (Flash)Literally improved in every single way possible, except the music, you cannnot deny the beauty of the original flash music by Danny.9.5/10 - although it's a bit biased since I loved Isaac to begin with, anyone can pick this up and love it."
,Recommended,250900,12792982,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SpookyJam,This game punishes me constantly . But I need to play more..... MORRREEEE EYESACK!
,Recommended,250900,13067071,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kensik,Great game well worth the money been playing for 80 hours and still have alot left to do.Edit: After 2 years of playing and over 300 hours i must say this is still a great game
