user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198052484202,Recommended,251060,12915833,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Keinutnai,"800+ hours in Wargame Red Dragonhundreds of hours on previous wargames.This is one of the best, if not the best real time strategy ever made.Wargame has many realistic features such as: ammo, gasoline, morale, veterancy, supplies, recon, with countless possibilities and methods of securing victory, which fit nicely making this a realistic game, while not too complicated.The game has a steep learning curve, but if you want to play the best RTS out there, you have to get this game!PS: The devs care about the community and suggested changes are sometimes implemented, especially if it benefits the gameplay, or balance, while staying as close to realism as possible."
,Recommended,251060,12427473,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,sotha chill,"Wargame: Red Dragon, despite its bare-bones naval combat, is the greatest Wargame to date. It is difficult to write a review in a traditional manner with this game as it has depth akin to a black hole, so I'm just going to list down in-depth pro-cons of this fantastic, fun game.~PROS:1. -This game isfarmore accessible than most folks give it credit to.The controls are not convoluted, nor do things have unnecessary functionalities or five thousand menus to grind through to complete simple tasks. This game is complex in the best possible way for a game of its caliber; the depth of its combat.This strength makes the game an extremely enjoyable experience as none of it is bogged down by simulation-esque frivolities. Mechanically it is somewhat similar to games like StarCraft (this isn'tHarpoonorJane's Fleet Command), although the scale is increased one-hundred fold. The game is complicated only in that it requires not only knowledge of units and their roles, but also quick-thinking and problem solving. The learning curve is steep but I'll be damned if I didn't say I had a blast getting to the point where I could consistently win matches.2. -This is any political/military nut's dream.There is a reason why much of its consistent playerbase is made up of people from /pol/ (don't let that intimidate you, the community is leagues better than most skill-based RTSs). You can simulate any ""What If"" scenario using countries like the People's Republic of China and North Korea all the way down to nations such as Norway and Sweden. And the game's compelling campaign missions simulate this also; what if the U.K. had not peacefully given back Hong Kong, and had to defend against waves of PLA tanks? You can do everything from sending Navy SEALs behind enemy lines to destroy Soviet command structures to launching massive armored offensives using the latest modern equipment. And it is all (mostly) pinpoint accurate.3. -The game is well-built, diverse and reliable.They aren't kidding when they say""1,450 units that have been meticulously reproduced from their source!""There are maps ranging from suburban sprawls to massive tracts of forest prime for special forces operations, using anything from Polish commandos to Czechoslovakian airborne. If you find the game enjoyable it is difficult to get away from, as there is so much content to explore and master. Every unit has an easy reference-sheet that you can view at any time, and all of them (save for PACT/NATO copies of Soviet/American equipment) have unique stats. Some countries have more options than others, but that is only to maintain realistic integrity. You cannot expect Norway to have a better military than the United States, but that doesn't mean they wont have superior niche units such as special forces. Countries like Poland and Czechoslovakia recently were balanced in a patch, making them up to snuff with everyone, so you can likely expect more free DLC patches to the other nations as well. Not only that, but this game is incredibly resistant to technical issues. I have not crashed once in all my hours of playing (this always varies with different machines, though, but I've but this game through hell and its always been fine). Your experience will rarely be interrupted.4. -Deckbuilding is EXTREMELY enjoyable.I've spent half of the time in this game making decks. It may just be personal preference, but because of the thousand+ units, you can find yourself sinking a lot of time into this; not out of necessity, but simply to create fun and personalized armies.Those are my major PROs. Now I believe I should address the hindrances to the gameplay here.~CONS:1. -Naval combat is easily the weakest part of the game.It is painful saying that, honestly, but that is the truth. It is horribly imbalanced, inaccurate and barebones compared to every other part of the game, and this is especially true in NATO's case, but I'll get to that later.Combat revolves around three principles which usually do not interact with eachother whatsoever; you either mass missile-heavy ships and launch them all at the same time at another blob of ships hoping to get through its CIWS guns, mass low-cost ships and rush them at lower numbers of expensive ships to stun them with cannonfire, or mass aircraft and do the same thing mentioned with the first option. It makes for a very uninspired and boring experience, and although itsomewhatresembles small-unit naval combat well, beyond that it is entirely inaccurate. There are no submarines, nor aircraft carriers, no exciting fringe ships such as Soviet battleships. You get a very thin selection of classes which makes large engagements very stale.The worst part of this feature is that it is terribly imbalanced in favor of PACT. Most of NATO's ships are comprised of Japanese ships, with occasional exceptions. The flagship of NATO is some ship I've never heard of called a ""Kongo."" No Ticonderoga or Arleigh Burke's here, folks. Just awful surface ships with inaccurately-modeled weapons (harpoons can't hit anything!). This is in vast contrast to Soviet ships which outclass them in nearly every category; superior accuracy, firepower, durability, range, etc. Their flagships are the popular Udaloy/Sovremenny class destroyers, which are infinitely more famous than the Kongo.Riverboats can be fun (the napalm Minotaur can torch vast swatches of riverland in fire, the SHMEL can launch hundreds of missiles) but are ultimately uninspired as they, too, revolve around massing and throwing at the enemy.2. -Frustration comes easy at times.Games drag on, especially if you're losing. Comebacks happen often but many times the case comes down to you being dominated for half an hour, and it makes this game a huge time sinkhole. You learn slowly and losses can be draining once you feel you've gotten better at the game than before; it takes constitution to get to a point where the shoe is on the other foot. It is difficult to be carried in this game as well, since it usually comes down to whatever team is best coordinated wins. This is not always the case, as skill is definitely involved and one person on a team can slaughter half the enemy's army through shrewd positioning, but that's an ""If.""~PERSONAL RECOMMENDATION:Yes.If you have an interest in modern military combat, or even if you just like a fun and deep RTS, this is the game for you. I adore it for all of the reasons above, and I think the pros vastly outweigh the cons with this gem of a title. If you can spare the cash and you like the concept, go for it. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,251060,12302159,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,CXIV,Pros:-Unit variety-Graphics-Sound and music-GameplayCons:-No dragons included in game.
76561198032039640,Recommended,251060,9440189,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Fegelein,"Got into the closed beta for my dedication to the series, and was not disappointed at all. China could use a little buff considering the fact that the game is called Red Dragon after all, and half of China's within time frame units have been questionably ommitted. Naval warfare could use a little tweaking as well, because its implementation was poor at first. However the upcoming naval patch notes look extremely promising.In terms of improvement over the AirlandBattle, this game has done it all. Land battles are now far more realistic, intense, and tactical thanks to some of the revolutionary changes that Eugen has made in map design, pace, and terrain. Indeed, this game has taken the openness and unlimited tactical/strategic opportunities that were the trademark of W:EE, and combined them with the ferocity that was characteristic of W:AB battles.But overall, from my many hours of closed beta testing, this is the ultimate culmination of the awesome Wargame series. The enormous scale, realistic terrain, and the unlimited tactical, operational and even strategic options that this glorious game provides has never ceased to amaze me. Indeed, this is any amateur wargamer's/armchair general's (like myself) wet dream, and I would fully recommend this to anyone seeking an immersive, immense, and ultimately fulfilling historical/military experience.I wish I had the Mad Money guy's bullish button to press right now...BUY BUY BUY"
76561198045539521,Recommended,251060,12748029,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Сeњор,- 200+ hours on all three games combined = still suck at it.- Everyone is better than you in multiplayer.- The AI cheats.10/10 love this game.
,Recommended,251060,19111112,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Viss Valdyr,"I am not a good reviewer, but since I clocked in so many hours of Gameplay into that title, I try my best to tell you, why I would recommend this title.The amount of units is astonishing, Over 1000 ""different"" units can be choosen in your decks. Many different nations are avaibable and these use their representing units of the ""cold war era"". You build decks with a set of ""cards"", which are the units you are using, showing you their stats and quirks. I probably took the most time of the game in building said decks, trying to achieve the best outcome of my units. There are no ""best""-decks just better ones, but even these don't always succeed, because of the different playstyles you can use.I advice every newcomer to play either the campain or skirmish at the start. The Multiplayer-community can be toxic at times, so watch out. Many people are helpful, but some aren't, don't get yourself overly upset about that. I also advice to watch some youtube-videos of let's play, to get a feeling how that game actually plays, it may not be your liking. Read guides and ask many questions, until you get the grip of the game.Even deckbuilding can be very complicated at first, but ask around in the forum, or other players (like me) what to use or what not to use.The game is extremly fun when you got good teammates to play with. Even Solo it has its good moments.All in all a good title to sink in many hours either building decks or playing around (or for some just chatting in the wargame-chat). Very good value if you can grab it in the next sale. I would even pay the full price (again), consindering the hours I clocked in.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,251060,22824052,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Commie Mouse,"I'm surprised that I still haven't written a review of this game yet.It's a great game; in my opinion the most polished Wargame of the series. Although European Escalation has the superior campaign. Scripted campaigns (European Escalation) are a lot more fun to play than a sandbox-y campaign where you play against an extremely predictable AI on rezoned multiplayer maps (AirLand Battle and Red Dragon).Wargame's always been an RTS with greater focus on force composition and positioning rather than micromanagement. Deathballing that you typically see in Starcraft/Command and Conquer does not work here. Your forces have to be spread out, ready to support eachother, and be able to take their objectives on the map.The force you deploy in multiplayer is your ""deck"", which you build not unlike decks in popular card games such as Hearthstone. Select an alliance/coalition/nation, create a deck with logistics, infantry, support, aircraft, navy, tanks, and the like and deploy that deck in battle. Since the game uses a deck system, like the cards in a real life deck of cards you're limited in the number of units you can deploy. Try not to lose both your Su-27PU's in one go.The game also places emphasis on logistics, which I have never before seen in an RTS game. All units have health, fuel value, and ammo value for EVERY weapon (including coaxial machine guns). You must sustain your forces through a well maintained logistics line. Supplies are also limited (and the amount of supply you have depends on how much supply units you've included in your deck) so use sparingly.Combat is fairly realistic. Engagement ranges seem more plausible than in traditional RTS games (where a marine can only see and fire up to 10 feet in front of him).The game is extremely well optimized; I was able to run it at a steady 40-60 FPS on a laptop that could only use Intel integrated graphics (albiet on medium settings). You can zoom all the way out so that you can see the entire map and your units icons, or zoom all the way in to see combat from a footman's perspective.The naval portion is a bit gimmicky. Sure, sometimes it's fun to play with ships but the combat is not nearly as exciting or engaging as land/air combat. However, amphibious land units does open up more tactical options since you're not 100% restricted to crossing bridges or chokepoints.As a Cold War history buff, having access to over 1400+ real life units from over a multitude of countries spanning North America, Europe, and Asia is extremely exciting as well. Even now I'm still overwhelmed at how many variants of Abrams tanks there are (M1 Abrams, M1IP Abrams, M1A1 Abrams, M1A1HA Abrams, M1A1HC Abrams, M1A2 Abrams).I don't play this game as much nowadays, but only because I've played it almost exclusively for the past few years and it feels slightly stale to me now (although I do get on every now and then). Wargame: Red Dragon is one of the few games I've bought that has kept me entertained for so long.A warning: this game is not meant for everyone."
76561197984490800,Recommended,251060,9444484,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,[RPPK]Raptor,"WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!In this astoundingmasterpieceof RTS games, you can control many of the major military powers on earth. I have participated in the closed beta and was granted access for being dedicated to this ground-breaking series from Wargame: European Escalation to Wargame: AirLand Battle; Wargame: Red Dragon is set to be the greatest modern military strategy games of all time. With access to nearly 1500 units at your command on land, sea, and in the air; the methods of your attack and defense are limitless.The terrain is so gorgeous and vibrant that it will make one hesitate before calling in an artillery or napalm strike and desolate the area. The dynamic campaign is something to salivate over and you will even be able to simulate a battle between the two Koreas and see who will be the last nation standing. Play as the Soviet Union versus the United States and find out if you have what it takes to sink the enemy fleet to the bottom, pluck the feathers of their air force, and fire the last shot to claim your victory.With so much to say about this great game, check out some gameplay here...WATCH->->->North Korean FurySUBSCRIBE->->->See More HereSpecial thanks to Eugen Systems and Focus Home Interactive for these fantastic gems!"
,Recommended,251060,28034721,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LQ Ninja2,"Pros:+Great developers constantly update the game years after release.+An intimate community (but not exactly warm).+Well priced, goes on sale often, can make a great gift.+Extremely well optomized.+Able to play with players around the world,+200 ping? No problem, game will often still run smoothly for all players.+Deck building gives you somethng to do when you have nothing else to do.+Varied maps and units allow for any style of play, albeit some mor viable than others.+Looks beautiful even on a medium-range PC.+Free maps every few months.+Warchat is /pol/+In depth gameplay+Micro is not king+Traditional military strategies can be implemented.+Warfare is realistic enough to immerse the player in the games setting while being balanced.+Campaigns are really interesting.+After losing immersion of the game I quickly learned the game was better than I first thought.+Can be equally approached as a great RTS or decent Cold-war simulator.+Multiplayer is very rewarding.+Playing with friends is very rewarding,+Over a thousand units to use and learn.Cons:-Warchat is /pol/-Game tends to crash once every 12 hours or so.-AI is terrible.-Campaigns lost their magic once I learned the game mechanics.-The immersion of the game was lost upon me once I learned how to play.-Multiplayer buffs affect campaign making them harder/easier.-Cheesy tactics do exist in the game.-The community, being older and developed, can lead to problems of unspoken rules, team-stacking, cheesing etc.-Naval warfare is a general dissapointment.Things to note:-Nvidia graphics cards have been problematic recently.-This game has a steep learning curve. Visit /r/wargame and /r/wargamebootcamp if you get stuck.-Some DLC nations are better than others.-Wargame takes time, like WoW, Dota, or LoL, you need to invest a decent bit of time into the game just to learn how to play.Overall this is a great game. Just note it is not a 1 to 1 simulator of the real world.If you are new to the Wargame series, get someone to help! Like playing your first paradox game, you will need someone to help or someone to watch in order to understand what is going on and how to go about it. Other than the steep learning curve, not much seems to put off the players from loving the game. I and many others find ourselves sinking time into this game year-round and with the Finland and Yugoslavian armies being added now is a better time than ever to hop in and learn the game while the community learns the new factions."
76561198049847610,Recommended,251060,34163445,Posted: 11 August,all,dounttron,"As I'm typing this, I have nearly 600 hours on this game and I'm finally almost sort of good at it.Wargame is my first real RTS (Read: Not a 2D flash game) and in retrospect that may have been a terrible mistake, because this game will flat out annihilate you if you don't know what you're doing, which you probably won't because there's a LOT to know. In other words, if you're new to Wargame, expect to lose a few times.The trailer was not joking when it said there were over oople-bajillion units in the game. Admittedly, a lot of them are similar or are reskins, but most of them have vastly different stats. For example, there's a cheap, baseline T-72 which is basically a hunk of garbage with tracks and a gun on it, that bursts into flames if the tank commander sneezes. Then there's the highly modernized T-72s that will rip other tanks apart from 2000 meters and shrug off rockets as it roars across the battlefield, powered by diesel, the screams of the innocent, and human souls. Now, you can easily check the stats of a unit in-game by pressing ""i"", but memorizing them to some extent is helpful. But that's not the point. The point is, if you don't know what you're up against, there's a good chance you're going to get absolutely destroyed.Once you have a vague understanding of what each unit does sort of, you have to learn how to counter each type. It's kind of like rock paper scissors, except nothing completely beats anything and there's several ways to lose. For example, tank beats infantry unless the infantry are at short range or have an ATGM. Infantry beats anything at short range. Infantry that are good at killing other infantry, beat infantry. Artillery also beats infantry. Plane also beats infantry but not infantry with MANPADs. SAM beats plane, unless the SAM is radar and the plane is SEAD.  Plane beats SAM if the SAM is garbage but only if the plane is ground attack, in certain situations, maybe. Everything on the battlefield plays a different role and you have to find a way to make that role work for you in the grand scheme of things. Learning how to do that can be difficult.Not only do you have to know what kills what and when and how, but you also need to know the gameplay mechanics too. For example, you need to understand how combat stress affects your units, and how to use that to your advantage by making your enemies scream and cry and soil themselves before you start actually seriously trying to kill them. You need to know how reconnaisance works so you can find your enemy in the first place so that you can actually kill them. You need to figure out how to resupply your units so they don't turn into 60 tonne paperweights, and how to keep your supply units safe so they don't turn into an expensive and tactically ineffective fireball.Those are just basic gameplay mechanics too. That doesn't even scratch the surface of using tactics and mindgames to actually defeat your enemy.Wargame will throw you for a loop. This is the only RTS I've really gotten into and my friends who I've suckered into playing it all agree that this is something else. It will take some time to get past the learning curve. No matter how many hours you sink into it, your tactics will keep changing, you'll keep trying different things, but you will never perfect your strategy because a perfect strategy does not exist. This game will challenge you to learn. It will challenge you to think. It will challenge you to adapt, and it will challenge you a lot. But once you start to overcome these challenges, it becomes extremely satisfying to finally win. To lay crushing defeat on your enemies. To know you came from knowing nothing to feeling like a master of warfare.As I'm typing this, I have nearly 600 hours on this game and I'm finally almost sort of good at it.Tommorrow, I'll probably play it again and be a little bit better.I would definitely reccomend this game. Just know that the learning curve is kind of steep."
,Recommended,251060,9857104,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Edelweiss ✿,"Outstanding quality RTS that any military nut would enjoy.  Will also stress out your grey matter, too.  If you aren't familiar with the Wargame series, it's a borderline strategic simulator more than an RTS. No base building, no real resources (besides point income from holding sectors), and every unit has morale, health, ammo, and fuel that needs to be tended to carefully with supply lines.The scale is unlike what most other games in the genre offer.  It reminds me almost of the original Supreme Commander in terms of sher volume of units on the field and map size.  Every unit you take into battle will never come back alive once destroyed, and you need to make your own decks of units to take into battle, which is almost a kind of game in itself...finding the right unit combos or roles to take.  One of the major reasons I recommend this game is because of that.The army variety and unit selection is also awe inspiring.  You can pick from about 1,500 units, all modeled correctly to their real counterpart and act like the real one too.  Nations to build from include the US, Canada, France, UK, Germany, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Poland, Russia, Czechoslovakia, East Germany, China, and Best Korea (I mean North Korea).  There's an army for everyone's taste and they all feel and play unique.Naval battles need some work and balancing, though, but it also may be just the nature of modern warfare on the ocean.  It revolves around who makes the biggest ship blob and has the best radar gattling gun screen to stop incomming cruise missiles.Overall if you wanna work your brain a little in an RTS and focus entirely on the war and not the bases/economy, this is the thing for you."
,Not Recommended,251060,32698015,Posted: 23 June,all,Oen,"I never write reviews so I am going to pump this one out really quickly incase anyone else like me decides to try this game.Overall this game is excellent,  it has wonderful graphics,  great gameplay mechanics,  and an awe inspiring unit variety.  And with all of these positive things going for it,  I still do not recommend this game. I'm writing this review for people like me,  who struggle to be even a touch below mediocre in RTS games and like to play the SINGLEPLAYER in order to have fun because other people will embarass you.  This game most likely shines for those who like in depth brain draining online matches against others.  But unfortunately this game is not for those of us who enjoy playing against the AI and doing campaigns.This games AI on campaign mode cheats to an unnecessary amount.  A lot of forums have said to just play until you know how to exploit the way the AI plays,  but that isn't really very fun in my opinion.  The campaign AI seems to have damn near unlimited resources,  and an uncanny ability to know where every single unit you have is on the battlefield.  It's almost as though they began to program the AI to be fun and tactical,  and shortly thereafter gave up and decided to give it insane advantages in order to compensate for it's strategical shortcomings.  I could go into a bit more depth but I just wanted to get this out there to notify anyone like me.So to close this up:  This game is AMAZING if you are someone with the time, interest and talent to master RTS games well enough to play against others online.  But for me,  and people like me who enjoy struggling againt the AI because you aren't capable of hanging against other players.  I can't recomment this game as it is."
76561197960403434,Recommended,251060,18123121,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SirDrinksAlot,This game stole my lifeRun before it gets yours too
,Recommended,251060,9439872,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,The Professor,"Fantastic game overall (in beta) but don't be fooled - the naval component is so highly restricted that it's a huge disappointment. Barely any ships, most nations don't have their navies represented whatsoever."
,Recommended,251060,23098670,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,bleachorange,"I would have to classify Wargame as my favorite RTS of all time. Here is my rundown of the game.You will like this game if you enjoy battles that depend upon knowledge, tactics, and force composition for victory. You will enjoy this game if you dont like base building or economy management in an rts and prefer to focus on gaining territory and destroying enemy units. You will enjoy this game if you like a mostly realistic approach to war, including logistical supply lines, reconnaisance, artillery, and aerial attack that are lacking or understated in most rts games.You will not like this game if you feel base building and economy are essential to rts games. You will not like this game if you want a simple rts. You will not like this game if you like micromanagement of units and twitchy gameplay like in a starcraft game.Now here are some need to know things. The game's tutorial sucks. Go watch some youtube tutorials and gameplay videos to learn better. 1-2 games watched should be enough to learn the basics of how to play. That leads into the second thing. Mastering this will take time, and the learning curve is steep for 2 reasons. Knowledge of the differences in the units in this game is critical to long term success, and identifying whether the T72 variant shooting at you is a 50 point cheap tank or a 150 point expensive tank is very important. This means that learning what all the different stats for each weapon type mean is important to know the capabilities of a given friendly or enemy unit, and then to know what capabilities of the hundreds of units in the game have based on that. This isnt extremely complicated, as there are several weapon types even if the individual weapons are different damage values, but it is time consuming to learn and memorize this.This is the steep learning curve mentioned in several reviews for this game. But what it does mean is that those who persevere through early losses as they familiarize themselves with the game are rewarded with a deep and satisfying strategy title that emphasizes combat itself and knowledge of the enemy to gain victory.Now lets get to deck building. As there is no base building or economy to speak of in the game, you army is determined before you enter battle, when you build a deck. Every army has a certain amount of points it have total and every unit you put in the deck counts against that point total. It is important to look at unit composition and strategy at this point, but dont worry - even veteran wargame players routinely adjust their deck compositions for maximum effectiveness, and you should expect no less as a newbie. The deck builder is where you go to look at the stats for all the units and it really helps out with learning the game before and after a match to look up a unit that did well against you to see why it did well.Last but not least, visit the eugen forums and also ask players in the chat for advice. There are trolls, true, but there are also people who will help out with any questions you have despite how stupidly childish and amusing the chat may seem (i enjoy just watching the chat sometimes, its really funny).Overall, I give the game a 10/10 because I have never played an rts this much, or liked one this much, since command and conquer generals and the first starcraft. And now I cant go back to those because this is so much better."
76561198045667808,Recommended,251060,9440185,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,blackjacksix,"From the closed beta, it is an absolutely amazing game.  That being said, the main flaw of it is unfortunately the naval mechanics.  When they are fixed, it will be absolutely perfect."
76561198006684268,Recommended,251060,9834581,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Zapp Brannigan,This game allows you to stand in the shoes of Dear Leader Kim Jong-il. This is the closest you will get to playing a god since Populous.
76561198057206182,Recommended,251060,14834430,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,luizfcsilveira,"It's a bit late for a proper review but why not.OverviewIf you know the series, Red Dragon doesn't really change much. Take ALB and add a few more countries and more units. A few more maps. A dubious artillery buff, to say the least. And there you go.If you don't know the series, well... Get it now. Especially if you are even remotely interested in military or real time strategy.SpecificsThe main thing that Red Dragon purports to innovate from the previous series iterations isnaval combat. It's a great idea on paper but of difficult execution, and unfortunately Eugen didn't pull it off. The ideas of amphibious invasions, maritme support, and even straight out naval battle are all exciting. But somehow it doesn't deliver. The scale is wrong, the balance is off, the tactics are not right, and the naval gameplay is down right terrible. You won't even find multiplayer games for naval battles. On the positive side, it is a somewhat cool novelty for the single player campaign -- with the caveat that if you are focusing on the campaign you are missing out in what makes this game great: Multiplayer.The one cool innovation though isamphibious unitsin a small scale. You're able to cross rivers with APCs and such. That's applicable to many maps and it does change the gameplay, giving access to more areas of the map and changing the dynamics around bridges and water. Unfortunately, don't expect to run water-dedicated units.Themapsare improved. There are a few new ones of course, and in general they are more varied. They have a more rugged terrain which is better than ALBs and much better than EE's flatlands, Where there are larger hills in RD they are more accessible, especially for infantry. The down side of it is thatthe number of maps is rather small. If you play quite a bit you'll quite soon find yourself thinking ""oh no, not this map again"". It's a shame, really, as a large number of maps could add so much to replayability. If Eugen can't deliver it I can't help but think how much this game would benefit from the Steam workshop for player-made maps, or anything of the sort. Unfortunately I don't think it'll ever happen.Thecommunityhas its problems too, especially if you are looking for pickup games. Pub-stomping is widespread, and a huge problem of playing with randoms is the rage-quitting. It happens more in bigger matches (and especially with 10v10) but it does happen in smaller ones too. Your team mate starts out with 2 expensive jets, flies them into enemy territory and gets them all shot down, and since he lost so many points he immediately quits 30 seconds into the match leaving the team seriously jeopardized. That's the norm rather than an exception, quite unfortunately.The solution for that is the same as for many games: Try to play with people you trust. It's not hard to find people online to play with, so do it.Lastly in terms of gameplay is theartillery buff. I have to say I hate it. Arty in ALB worked just fine but apparently too many people complained it was not lethal enough. No, let me rephrase it: People who didn't know how to use artillery said it was useless. Unfortunately Eugene listened and now arty is a sniping machine that can pin-point kill units across the map.To start with that irks me because it'sunrealistic as♥♥♥♥♥♥/b]. Yeah, I know. Wargame is not meant to be realistic anyway. But it's nice if it has at least some resemblance. The purpose of artillery in the battlefield is not to shred whole armies to pieces with every salvo. Its uses are to affect morale, to wear out and injure, and to majorly suppress whole areas of effect. Shelling is quite the annoyance but it doesn't cause major casualties to dug in units, not even to infantry. But in Red Dragon, one salvo will destroy numerous units and you'll snipe even armoured vehicles with surprising ease.Its effects ongameplayare double-sided. On the one hand this buff could be a good thing to deny the opportunity to do trench warfare. You have to be on the move frequently for if you stop an arty salvo will come and destroy a lot of what you have. Giving you incentives to move is not a bad thing. Bad players will invest too much on arty (since it's so powered) so you can just steamrole their defenses and keep moving. The bad thing is that some matches risk turning into a [strike♥♥♥♥♥♥/strike] shell flinging contest between the two sides and that's as dull as it goes. Shame.As for the rest,graphicsare absolutely fantastic although you won't be seeing their best part most of the time since you'll be zoomed out to better control your troops. But it's cool to, every once in a while, zoom in close to the battle and see your troops on the ground. Plus it's a great feature for the replays. Thecontrolsare simple and effective, if only a bit demanding on the side of micro-management of some units. I'd prefer some options other RTS titles have such as ""skirmish"" with which your troops will keep a safe distance from the enemy by themselves. In Wargame you have to tell your troopseverythingand they'll act as lemmings. Thesoundsare there: Not great but they do their job, although if you are a sound freak you'll likely find them lacking.One very last thing is that the tutorials and whatnot are ridiculously lacking. Red Dragon is not friendly to new players. But since European Escalation and Airland Battle go on sales often, some times for as little of £1, it might be useful to pick one of those up for doing the tutorials alone.ConclusionThere are to reasons why you shouldn't pick this game up: If you have played EE or ALB and haven't liked it (because RD is more of the same, with small tweaks), or if you are certain the genre doesn't interest you. Anything else and this is a must-have, especially if you can get to play with friends. Just try to do the great tutorials available in the previous titles and/or watch some youtube videos with the basic dos and don'ts."
76561198013458217,Recommended,251060,26638741,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Noboks,>Be me>Be total noob>play singleplayer>suck s**t>decide multiplayer will be more forgiving>initiate multiplayer.exe>10 v 10 sounds like party>deploy lots of helicopter infantry because I saw it on youtube once>game starts>rush for centre objective>just about to land>Joseph Stalin's personal helicopter fleet arrives>50+ soviet helicopters>massacre.jpg>team gets angry for feeding>send more helo inf  because cheap>8 canadians manage to get into a building>incomingartillery.exe>teammates start saying something about Smerch>dont have a clue what smerch is>everything in a 10 mile radius is obliterated9/10 Canadians didnt apologize
,Recommended,251060,19864408,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Scipio💯,reading the wargame chat is almost a game in itself
,Recommended,251060,16264155,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Lord Spooky22,"Builds Armor column made of Abrams and Bradleys.Sends armor column to capture objective.Column runs out of fuel half way.Sends CH-47s to refuel armor column.While refueling, CV gets suprise attacked.Realize I forgot a recon unit.Sends back column to regroup with new units.On way back, column gets spammed with rocket artillery.1 M1A2 Abrams makes it out allive.Sends M1A2 back to home objective.Runs out of Fuel.Builds new armor column.New armor column obliterated in battle.Says ""♥♥♥♥ it"" and spams Jets and Naval.Kongo destroys eveything in it's path.Takes all enemy objectives.Minor Victory.10/10 M1A2 Abrams."
,Recommended,251060,11597525,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,xxblackdog,"A very challenging and rewarding RTS. This is probably one of the best RTS' ever made. It has definitely been one of my favourite gaming experiences of all time. 10/10The Good+ Multiplayer is fun, and good enough to keep things competitive (there has been alaudablelevel of commitement by the developers to keep the game balanced, although the general sense is that it isn'tperfectbut pretty darn close).+ Build 'decks' from over 1500 different units, based on real-world models.+ Use real-world tactics to win! Feigned retreats, ambushes, combined offensives - this is absolutely awesome!+ The dev has brought out several free DLC's adding new units, coalitions, and maps.The Bad- Naval combat was a real selling point for this game originally, but it was never well regarded by the community and has been practically abandoned.- The AI is pretty stupid in skirmishes, but multiplayer is where you want to be anyway.The Ugly~ The learning curve is steep, but definitely worth it! (check out SandyGunfox's 200-page guide to Wargame before you even load the game)~ You'll want to find people to communicate and play with - if you're going solo with random teams you will get railed every single time!~ I haven't played the campaign...The End?"
,Recommended,251060,20707677,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Thiccita Khruschev,">set up hundreds of malnourished Chinese conscripts in forest to ambush US infantry transports>they drive by, get hit by RPGs and small arms>their infantry dismounts and starts beating back my conscripts, who've taken out a few Abrams tanks at this point>the conscripts are out of RPG ammo and are being picked off>call in bomber to drop 3000 kg bomb on everything>obliterates entire enemy column and my own conscripts10/10 chinese army simulator"
,Recommended,251060,10013506,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Justicier,"Ahh where to begin. Well, this certainly isn't your average RTS. Far from it in fact. This is frankly the kind of strategy game I've been hoping to see for over ten years. Now, I have heard some say that you really need to be a military or cold war history enthusiast in order to appreciate Wargame. I may be biased as I have studied military weapon systems since I was a little kid, but I have to disagree. From the standpoint of an RTS game, I believe it is unmatched and I will give some reasons why.It’s actually a bit difficult to compare to other games... see with many RTS games you're building your base, having little skirmishes toward the beginning to gain unit experience, with the ultimate goal of massing units for a big push. With Wargame, there is no base building... it is all actual military maneuvers, weapon system knowledge, use of cover and concealment both for survivability and ambush, use of recon to spot enemy units for more combat oriented units, gaining Line of Sight (LOS) prior to and maintaining it during engagements (more difficult than it sounds), use of support systems such as Artillery, AAA, and SAMs to provide cover for advancing infantry and armored units, use of special forces infantry to wreak havoc behind enemy lines, capitalizing on terrain features to enable better LOS, spreading out of units so that a single airstrike won't eliminate half your assault force... but not so thin that they cannot cover each other. At the beginning of a match, there is usually a push to gain strategic positions (which supply reinforcement points) and dig in, then using recon to find gaps in enemy defenses and pushing through, encircling the enemy and/or simply cutting off their supply routes and territories. So... Wargame really is an interesting combination, it’s slow like a chess game at times... and then in a matter of literally seconds it can turn into a massive brawl.In multi-player, which is really the heart of the game, it utilizes a ""Deck"" system where you will pick and choose what units you wish to deploy into battle not terribly dissimilar to the Total War series of games. Thinking of it like a deck of cards, each one can only field a certain number of units... and once they're gone... they're gone. More advanced or higher trained units will mean that you will only be able to field a very limited number of them, making highly specialized extremely advanced Decks very difficult to play with as EVERY unit loss is a major one... but if you are very careful, and very clever, you can win.Bringing more units into battle requires reinforcement points, which are gained by capturing strategic points on the map. While this system will sound familiar, it plays out differently than in most RTS games in that not just any unit can capture and hold a point. In fact, a single insignificant and vulnerable command jeep or other ""CP"" unit can capture and hold a point. If the enemy discovers this command unit, then you are just one artillery or air strike away from losing the point and having to bring forward another CP unit to secure it again.Another system worth mentioning is support via supply trucks and helicopters. Every unit can run out of ammunition, and any unit utilizing a combustion engine will run out of fuel. The only way to keep your units in the fight is to resupply them utilizing cargo transports. These supply units are very vulnerable... they have no defensive weapon systems, and little to no armor. Special Forces units can ambush and capture enemy supply units, so if your enemy is pounding you with a constant barrage of weapons fire... chances are there is a major resupply operation in progress and if you can disrupt that, you can deal a crippling blow to your adversary. With resupply made impossible, your opponent's constant spam of shells and bullets will render his units helplessly dry on ammunition... easy targets.Air forces are a big part of the game. Frankly a single well executed air strike can shut down an entire assault, and force your opponent into a defensive posture... but that is not to say that attacks from the air are TOO powerful. In fact, aerial units are very easy to shoot down, very expensive, and fixed wing aircraft can only fly for a short period of time before they have to bug out due to low fuel. Jets can also be particularly difficult to utilize effectively because most of the time the enemy will cover their ground forces with AAA and SAM units. However, in the off chance your opponent miscalculates or sends his forces in with little to no cover... responding with a couple A-10 Warthogs along with fighter cover and witnessing the destruction they are capable of is truly mezmerizing.Now, I haven't messed around so much with the naval aspect introduced in Red Dragon... but there are some balance issues and tweaking to be made there. However, for ground forces, the game is amazing, made even more so through the use of amphibious units. Your opponent think that you're helpless against his wall of tanks overlooking the lone bridge in the area? Not a problem, send in a group of amphibious tanks or anti-tank missile equipped vehicles to traverse the river around the flank and put fire into the sides of the aforementioned problem. Did I mention that all vehicles, armor, helicopters have differing top, front, back, and side armor levels? Tank armor is usually very strong to the front, and weaker in the rear or side... makes flanking maneuvers or ambushes on unsuspecting armored units quite devastating.In closing, the learning curve is high, the 1300 units is daunting to think about, and the pacing may not be what everyone is looking for. It can be very slow and almost chess-like at times, and then turn into a firefight with unrivaled intensity. If you're looking for a unique blend of game and simulation, that you could play for years and still learn new things, it's tough to beat Wargame."
76561198059781237,Recommended,251060,29329842,Posted: 17 January,all,Tactical Fister,May have consumed my soul.
,Not Recommended,251060,22297643,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,startrekmike,"This review may not please the multiplayer only/PvP players in the crowd but I thought I would write up a review from the perspective of someone who mostly only plays single player (campaign, skirmish) or co-op with friends against the AI. This review is in no way implying that single player is somehow more important than anything else objectively, just that it is personally one of my primary concerns.With that disclaimer out of the way, let's get down to it.Wargame: Red Dragon is probably the worst iteration of the series when it comes to single player. All the major elements like a vast selection of units and interesting maps are there but the AI is not just bad, it is pretty much the worst AI I have ever seen. For example, if you give the AI a deck with a single selection of T-55's, a single selection of BMP's, and perhaps a single selection of Mi-8's, they will first send every T-55, then when you blow them up, they will rush you with BMP's, when you blow them all up, they will send Mi-8's. There is not a whole lot of actual tactics or nuance on display (even when compared to the AI of prior Wargame titles) and the single player just becomes boring at best and annoying at worst.The other issue for single player/co-op types is the perhaps over-zealous amount of deck balancing that has happend since the game first came out. While I am sure all the different unit ""cards"" are very balanced and make for solid competitive style play, the arbitrarily limited, nerfed, and buffed unit cards make for rather stale single player. It makes me wish that they had taken a play from Men of War's book and offered a lot of options to make it good for either single player types or multiplayer types. That way everyone could have been happy and nobody (single player focused folks like myself) would get left out in the cold.If you are a PvP multiplayer focused gamer, this is going to be a good purchase but if you are looking for solid single player content, you should perhaps move on to other titles in the series or other RTS's entirely. To be blunt, Eugen might as well have not even bothered with single player considering how obviously ignored it was."
,Recommended,251060,25089703,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kendji,"So as of writing I've played this game almost 1200H, so I know what I'm talking about.Learning curve:There is a significant learning curve and it will take a bit of time to get good at this game. First you might think that buying lots of tanks and spamming them in a frontal attack onto the enemy is a good idea, later realizing you didn't account for the enemy having larger firing range on their tank's guns. Also since they where defending they probably also where hidden in the terrain or otherwise taking advantage of it. This is something you will learn, by doing these tactical mistakes. Hell I've made lots of them. Learning the reasons why you made the mistakes can usually be found out fairly intuitively or easily. For example, you can take note of the tank model your enemy used when you charged at him/her, then look up the specs of that tank compared to yours.Play style & Team play:There are many ways to win a match. Usually you have an limited amount of currency to buy stuff with and you have to go strong on Anti-Air capability, but weaker on Infantry support or similar. If your opponent then goes with Armored offensive capability and you gambled he would not do so, then you  might lose the game because you can't negate his strengths or exploit his weakness. This becomes much more complicated in big 10vs10 matches, where teamwork will be absolute key, instead of points of a individual player. All this, allows you to develop play styles that fits you and your strategic & tactical thinking best. I like to play with motorized decks, since they provide usually enough of everything, while providing benefits in areas where I'm good at and allows me the most flexibility when adapting to changes in the battle situation.One important factor in team play is marking the zones that you are going to be responsible for, so you signal to your teammates that they should go somewhere else. This way you avoid critical game starting mistakes, like leaving a zone or flank open, from where the enemy can pour in and attack you in the back. There are still MANY experienced players that haven't understood this fact, a good team  however can cope with this fast and neutralize the threat, but 90+% of the times this is not the case."
,Recommended,251060,9561512,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,nAssailant,How many destroyed communist tanks does it take to satiate the AH-64D Longbow's bloodlust?Answer:Yes.10/10 Would napalm again.
76561198172342435,Recommended,251060,32217926,Posted: 6 June,all,BRUMMBÄR,"First of all it is a really good game. Maybe not the most intelligent Bots in there, but you can have a lot of fun and spend a lot of time destroying the enemy. It is really close to World in Conflict, which is also one of my most favourite games. Good graphics and love to the detail makes the game realistic and fun to play. I just can recommand it for every Wargame lover."
76561198141517420,Recommended,251060,24609112,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,BlargArgNarg,"<Set up elaborate defense in order to ambush enemy Japs><Evil snicker.exe><Wait for 10 minutes with ultra tanks and soldiers in forest><Nothing,jpeg><Send recon><Enemy did exact same thing as me><Wait because I don't want to lose units><He does same><Match ends in a draw>"
,Recommended,251060,28126797,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ΘΑΝΑΤΕΣ 4.0,"Wargame is a gateway drug. It's like weed. You may think it's bad, may think it looks bad from its difficulty, or just don't like it anyways. But all your cool friends say it's great and you should try it. So, you being curious, you decide to try it to fit in more with your friends. Turns out that it's better -muchbetter than you expected it to be, and you want more. You say you'll only do it once a month, but that turns into once a week, which turns into once a day, which develops into an addictive death trap. Even if you're a newbie to it you still do it since it's so damnaddictive.You do it more. Do it alone. Do it with friends. Do it with strangers. You can never stop; saying ""5 more minutes"" soon turns into 5 more hours. Once you get the hang of it, you start experimenting more with other things - things that will make your little gateway drug of a Wargame look like a vitamin gummy. Your friend shows you one such thing. It's some strange pill in an orange bottle called ""Israel DLC"" that's supposedly way better than the Wargame you've been smoking. Pretty soon you've devolved into some froze vegetative zombie state like someone dependent on Opium. You start taking risks, challenging other people, and, worst of all, you cheat. You troll. The warchat - previously the area where all the other junkies like you gathered, has self-destructed into a hotspot of hatred and vice. Your whole personality has changed  just by taking that one choice - something that'll haunt you for the rest of your life. And even if you quit, it'll still haunt you forever.Take my word for it. I was a Wargame addict for some time - I quit a while back, and I've limited the toxicity coming into my system. I still do it, even if it's wrong, because it feels so right. Every waking hour on this planet I'm thinking of Wargame. It is my only love, and my only life. Nothing can change that. Even as I write this review, I can still hear the voices of my troops, calling out my name for their next objective. I still see rows and rows of tanks on the roads to certain doom, just so that they can satisfy me. And- oh god.. The artillery. The MRLS... The apaches... All those units, all those points gone in an instant, for what? Fame? Bragging rights? Money?I'm going to have to leave now. My army calls me. I leave you with this message: Don't be like me. Don't be the guy sitting on his♥♥♥♥♥writing reviews for a video game for humorous effect. Don't overdose so much on Wargame. Go outside and ride a bike or something.I'm Gucci Gilgamesh, and I approve this message."
76561198354928672,Not Recommended,251060,31342454,Posted: 24 April,all,lopezec007,"This is hands-down the finest RTS ever made.  The level of detail and sheer complexity (and associated learning curve) are unmatched.  Other reviews cover this well though so I won't elaborate on this.After playing 700+ games (on a different Steam account), I must say though that it suffers from a horribly fatal flaw -- you can see the statistics of other players in the lobbies.  Why is this a problem?  Team stacking.  It's horrendous -- I might have played one game in ten that was balanced.  With all the others, the ""smart"" players (myself included), click around to see which team is better, then go to that team.  And the cycle repeats until you get a team of noobs against a team with 5000+ games of experience between them.  This leads to other problems.  It can sometimes take 30+ minutes to fill a lobby, as skilled players join the team destined to lose, realize it, and quit.  Or they linger hoping a spot on the to-win team opens up, then quit en masse right before the game starts.  Or anonymous lobby hosts will kick newer players and people they aren't buddies with off of the stacked team.If Eugen simply removed this option -- the ability to see the win ratios and game counts of other players -- this game would be very near perfect."
,Not Recommended,251060,25340671,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,F@ntasy,"Community is literally garbage.  I have hundreds of hours in all wargame titles, my victory ratio in EE and ALB is 60%.  I'm not even mad, and I'm saying the community is terrible.I mean, if you're the type of person who likes to sit in teamspeak and flirt with your clanmates, then this title might touch you in all the right ways.But if you're a normal person, it's just a headache.  These clan-oriented people basically stack the nato half of lobbies, then wait, sometimes for hours, until noobs fill the pact team.  I'm not even exaggerating, they WILL NOT switch and balance the lobby: they will WAIT until the pact team fills with noobs who don't understand what's happening.Oh, then after crushing a team with 5 hours played combined -- they all act like they're really cool and good.Game itself -- 8/10.Game + playerbase -- 3/10."
76561197975437368,Recommended,251060,26635040,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Georgij Zjukov Soviet Hero,"BEST GAME i have plaeyd over 3000macthes, and spend 3000hours in this game.. ANd still whants more of it. GET IT its asome,  =)"
,Recommended,251060,13245490,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,broskiier,"I love the concept of Real Time Strategy games, but am too damned old to play StarCraft or any RTS that comes close to the APM needed to keep up. Wargame delivers a beautiful RTS, at a pace I can keep up with, using units that I grew up reading about as a Cold War kid. What more could I ask for?The learning curve is a little on the steep side, and there is definitely room for improvement on the interface front (selecting units, looking at the status of things, etc) but these are all aspects that you get used to with time. Are you on the edge of considering a purchase? Just buy it, you won't regret it, *if* you heed this one piece of advice:Learn how to use your recon units first and foremost. Most people get frustrated because they never see the enemy before their units start to die. This is because they can't see the enemy, because they're not using their Recon units appropriately. Playing recon takes a little getting used to, but once you have it down, it opens up the rest of the game."
76561197971558998,Recommended,251060,12851804,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Enzo,"Developer Eugen takes the RTS genre to a cold war gone hot. Gone is the concept of base building, and resource management. WG:RD introduces players to a realistic RTS unlike anything seen before. No longer will players contend with Actions Per Minute, but rather with tactics, units, and teamwork.With a blistering amount of units (1500+) they've managed to capture the most minute, and accurate features of nearly every unit.  Players will find themselves lost in the sheer number of statiscal difference while attempting to create the perfect army. The complex task of ""deck building"" becomes simplifed by a restrictions and bonuses. The more you limit your military the more you have available.Graphically speaking WG:RD shines above almost all RTSs on the market. With almost painstaking authentic  detail to units it's a shame to realize they are only utulized when fully zoomed in. The games scale makes it impractical to play any attention more than what's needed.Although WG:RD is a shining example of the RTS genere; it does fall short with it's limited maps, and often sidelined naval battles. You'll easily find yourself playing the same maps time after time. Not necessarily a bad thing when you have 17 nations to choose from, and more FREE DLC along the wayWargame: Red Dragon is an armchair generals wet dream. Pick it up today."
,Recommended,251060,9764170,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Lewd rabbit,"There are no dragons here, only war"
,Recommended,251060,14062019,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,sunfish,"Wargame: Red Dragon (AKA Chatgame, AKA Warchat) is a military technology debate forum where players actively debate on the topic of whether one country makes a better/more-efficient/practical/overpriced piece of war machinery than another. It never ends, nobody ever gives ground, nobody's views change, and essentially nothing is accomplished other than wasting eachothers' time. Endless gameplay.10/10"
76561198131277909,Recommended,251060,26040858,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Red,This is a game where in the end it comes down to the infantryman and his rifle.
,Recommended,251060,33776273,Posted: 24 July,all,p 3 3 n?,THIS GAMEIS GOODBUY ITPLAY ITSUCK AT ITLOVE ITSTILL SUCK AT ITSTILL LOVE IT---------------------------------------------
,Recommended,251060,18405256,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,tactical gal,"Plays match against random dude.Late game, I'm losing terribly.Cue massive helicopter swarm from bottom of map heading towards my spawn territory.Last thing I see in chat is:""here i come"""
,Recommended,251060,32672361,Posted: 23 June,all,suxcawks,"Look, if you're interested in this game go watch Lets Play videos on YouTube. Read about the tactics and mechanics of the game. Find out the key bindings for certain actions.This game is complicated, and for ages I played this game others in the series running mobs of tanks in to walls of ATGMs thinking it was a boring game that was needlessly hard. But now I know how to use infantry correctly, where to place tanks and AA, what different weapon types do, this is one of the best strategy games I've played.There isn't much in gaming more rewarding than knocking out the enemy AA and being able to decimate their tank columns with jets.I still don't know how naval battles work, though."
,Recommended,251060,30808066,Posted: 28 March,all,74HC595,The largest online gathering of military autists from ex-yugo countries. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,251060,26075256,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Detective Payne,First thousand hours were the most difficult.
76561198039618887,Recommended,251060,25160535,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Piglet,Wargame chat is literally /pol/
76561198037925367,Recommended,251060,34700067,Posted: 2 September,all,Maximilian,"Very realistic in its approach to modern combat, Wargame: Red Dragon has never bored, even after over 400 hours of gameplay.Unlike other RTS games, Wargame has no base building, instead you call in units from a reserve pool, which is determined by your choices when you build your army or 'Deck'. Deck building is a great part of the game and one seldom seen in any other RTS. There are many different Deck types for each nation, allowing you to specialize in one particular type of unit or warfare with choices all along the way about trading off quality for quantity. This makes deck building a worthwhile task where striking the right balance for your playstyle is a rewarding exprience.Although I can't speak for singleplayer, the multiplayer of the game is also well thought out. The main mode is destruction, where the principle objective is to desroy a certain amount of enemy units. Some might think this is encouragement to camp, however the game gives an incentive to fight over the strategic territory because control zones dictate point income. The person who simply camps at his base will lose because his opponent will have many times his income and can simply overwhelm him with sheer numbers. This forces players to strike a balance and use units intelligently to gain the upper hand.The only complaints I have with Red Dragon are some minor graphical glitches, very weak sound design in many areas, and the fact that some of the multiplayer community are not the friendliest to say the least, but this is not the game's fault.But in conclusion, I think  Red Dragon is a worthy sucessor to Airland Battle. The maps are huge, and the unit and nation slection is unparalled. This mix allows for an insane amount of tactical diversity. One minute you could be ambushing vehicles in a mountain pass, and in another you could be fighting a fleet action. Combining this with well thought out multiplayer modes and great looking graphics and you have a recipe for one of the best RTS games out there. Although the steep learning curve may turn off some not willing to learn the game's intricacies, If you stick with it you will find that Wargame is a rewarding and satisfying experience. I only wish that Eugen will return to it after the failure of Steel Division and continue to add content to this fantastic game."
,Recommended,251060,12498784,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Aegis,It's time for your brain to work ~
76561198006663417,Not Recommended,251060,25659584,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,themediocrity,"It's not garbage or anything but there's too much emphasis on artillery and helicopters. The game tends to devolve into a shower of DPICM and heavy rockets landing on any attempts to make maneuvers on the ground followed by the inevitable assault helicopter sweep that ends the round.Airland Battle had much more tactical complexity since you couldn't just obliterate any movement with the sort of artillery barrage the would make the WWII Red Army proud. The constant pounding makes air defense in any sort of concerted way, pretty much impossible and that opens the door for helicopters, lots of helicopters. The avilability of attack helicopters and their low price has always been a bit odd in Wargame titles but now that maintaining air defense is tough and their abilities in terms of aiming and firing on the move have been beefed up, it's gotten surreal. It's not uncommon to see dozens of attack helicopters wipe out entire teams.The artillery is also kind of sad for the game because it makes loads of new and pretty cool looking vehicles worthless. Basically only tanks  are worth using because everything else gets pounded into porridge as soon as it takes a shot.The other issues:1. Naval combat just doesn't work.I think the engine could handle it reasonably well but the scale is way off so it just feels strange on maps that are mixed. There are also balance issues. I think the notion was to give RED surface fleets and BLU airpower each an edge, but instead RED surface fleets dominate any BLU fleet (their faster, longer range, and more powerful missiles blow apart even the best BLU ships often before they ever get a shot off)  and have no defense whatsoever against BLU aircraft (you only get two fighters in the Naval section with enough range to counter incoming BLU attack aircraft and these are easy prey for F-14s).2. They made it extra easy to stack the lobbies.This has always been an issue but it's been maximized now that you can see other players' stats from the lobby with ease. You pretty much always know which side is going to win and so the multiplayer is full of half empty lobbies, despite having 5x the players as ALB it's just about as hard to find a game.What is really needed is a system for lobbies that asigns random (or better yet, equaized by level) and binding team selections. It doesn't need to be mandatory but it should be something a host can set so the sides have a better chance of winning.3. Balance is titlted in favor of BLUIt's not impossible to win with RED by any means but Eugen themselves admit BLU wins around 50% of matches. Given that 10-15% of games end in ties, BLU is probably 25-35% more likely to win. It certainly feels this way in practice. usually with BLU I find I can romp to an easy victory while scraping out a tiny lead with RED is an accomplishment. Airland Battle worked out much better fort balance and either side could crush the other in the right hands.I think the reason for this is that in earlier titles new players generally took NATO (because they saw some disco channel special on how the M1A1 is invincible) and were beaten by more experienced players on Pact teams (since fewer new players were willing to play as those commie scum). This led to a lot of whining and the result is a title where subtle little changes favor BLU and add up to a pretty substantial advantage.4. Infantry combat remains problematicAirland battle has a rather serious issue where flamethrower infantry eat everything else for lunch. The most hardened special forces soldiers are often wiped out to a man by conscripts with cans of gasoline strapped to their backs.To their credit Eugen has tried to address that here but it hasn't really worked. Flamethrowers are a lot less powerful but now the basic infantry units are as well. An entire platoon of standard infantry can be wiped out by a squad of special forces who run across an open field for hundreds of meters under assault rifle and machinegun fire, charge into the block holding the enemy platoon, and kill them all in CQC. Additionally, because they are so much faster, they can avoid at least some of the artillery pounding while the regulars simply get vaporized. The result is you rarely see much in the way of regular infantry units and special forces troops are vastly overrepresented.5. Too many high-level assets with uneven distribution.The US gets a Patriot battery but the Soviets don't get their long range S-300 systems. There are F-117s providing close air support but no TU-22Ms for naval strikes. There are ATACMS and Long Lance tactical missiles for BLUFOR but no SCUD or FROG-7 for REDFOR. Overall it's just a bit irritating.All in all this could be a decent game but it's got a bunch of little flaws that mean it can't keep up with its predecessor when it comes to providing a fun, engaging experience."
76561198110044132,Recommended,251060,12704698,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,PROEISHAN,"Got called a noob as I died for the honor of muddah Russia10/10 Drank vodka and weptThis game has one of the steepest learning curves in existence. Expect that you will probably still not be pro after 100 hours of gameplay. However, in those n00by 100 hours, you enjoy it all. This game is beautiful, the maps, units, everything is very detailed. There is a wide variety of units, but the allocation is kinda uneven, leading to overpowered countrys and weaker nations. Although this is realistic, the developer does a good job attempting to balance things out.PROS:Very detailedWell designed, beautiful mapsLots of detailed unitsHilarious chat messagesdevs actually give a $%^& what the players have to say, hell, they're gonna add more maps cuz we asked!!! DEVS R GREATCONS:Can be overcomplicatedNeeds a lot more shipsPACT navy and NATO navy need to be balancedunequal allocation of strong unitssomewhat difficult communityArtillery spams (mortars, rockets, rocket boats etc.) need to be fixed. Friking smerch (rocket) spams turn the screen into a armageddon of death, prevented both sides from advancing or staying in one place.IF YOU LIKE RTS BUY THIS GAME SOOOOO GOOD"
,Not Recommended,251060,31618116,Posted: 7 May,all,Fusbrodawg,"First off, I'll be absolutely clear, I love this game. It's very fun and unbelievably deep. It can be deeply rewarding when you pull off a perfectly executed counter attack and turn the tide of the game. HOWEVER, I cannot reccomend this game for one simple reason: The community is downright terrible. It's like if /pol had a violent hate child with the USSR. There is one cardinal sin of Wargame, and god help your soul if you commit it; Never, NEVER, ever be a new player to the game learning the ropes."
76561198054202162,Recommended,251060,12999411,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,idhduncan,Lost a lot of weight due to forgetting to eat. Lost job because forgot to come into work. Dropped out of school because I didn't know the school year had started. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,251060,32956498,Posted: 28 June,all,Frozenbullett,"At time of writing this review, I consider this game one of my all time favourites.The reason why I bought this game are youtube video's. When I watched those video's I was really suprised about the depth of the game. And as a RTS fan, I was instantly hyped and bought the game.When I actually started to play the game for the first time, I was absolutely masacred by easy A. I.. I tried playing the game for a couple of single player games, but still no visible progress. At that moment I choose to not play this game anymore. I though I had wasted my money. (Eventually I figured out it wasn't.)Quite some time later I decided to give it one more shot. I started to look up guides and started to watch youtubers who explained how this game worked. Thanks to one particular youtuber I learned how to play the game. I watched his guides.I added a example video and a link to his channel. If you feel like learning, I suggest you check him and his community out. (Yes, I am part of that community)Example video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgmslx7_kLg&list=PLlSUA5AyYAoeDPCjR6weNeiXXJitl4dlcChannel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2mwsE-87Hfh9ZmSrqBqNIgAfter playing a ♥♥♥♥ton of games I finally passed the learning curve. Currently I have various friends in wargame with whom I regularly play games and share decks with.To sum up everything I have experienced in this game I'd like to end my life story.Negative;- Long learning curve (unit placement, synergy between units, utilizing the right opportunities, etc.)- Alot of failure and roflstomping in the beginning.- Alot of mechanics to get used to. (soft counters, hard counters, tank shells -> kinetic or HEAT, etc.)- Even the slightest mistake can result in a total annihilation of your units or even defeat. Which can be quite frustrating.- In-game tutorials are not sufficient enough to learn how the game works.Positive- Playing with a group brings the level of tactical gameplay to the next dimension.- The game become really fun to play after you are passed the long learning curve.- The evenly matched online games are awesome to play and even give a satisfied feeling if are defeated.- When played accordingly the mechanics and synergy systems implemented are brilliant.- This game offers you a very broad selection of units. There are unlimited combinations to combine into a deck.Summary: At the beginning really hard to play and a long learning curve ahead. But after a long time and alot of patience, the game is really rewarding at the moment of battle and afterwards at the scoreboard.I recommend this game to players who have the time AND the will to learn how the game works."
76561198161508400,Recommended,251060,21089600,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,öats,">make a US deck>goes on multiplayer>multiplayer is very active>find a server to join>found a 2v2 server>my partner is playing with a britain deck>my enemies are NK & russia>gg>we spam helis>they spam smerches (artillary)>they have no AA at all>invested entire income on artillary/special forces/tanks>we spam a buch of navy>we destroy their entire costal defences>they call us noobs>i call out a nighhawk>bomb their entire arty possition>they ban me from their 2v2 serverbest game ever 10.1/10srsly, incredibly active and funny community. totatly reccomend this game to all."
,Recommended,251060,26891316,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mackalack101,"Wargame: Red Dragon is the strategy game I didn't know I needed. Its the only video game I've played consistently over the past couple of years and I'm still learning new things about it every day. If you're a military equipment nerd, a military strategy nerd, or looking for a very deep and challenging RTS you've found the perfect RTS."
76561197992367205,Recommended,251060,23330427,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Zeus,"Currently my Favourite RTS (played all C&C series)played all the wargame titles in the series.A lot more thinking than clicking.The game is very complex in a good way, for new people reading(There are over 1,000 units! & 17* Nations)-There is no base building in this game.-Income is time based, depended on sectors controlled-Certain sectors have spawn points &/or different point values.-Decks are used to decide what units can use in battle.The main game mode is \'Destruction\'where you have to destroy the enemy units to a specfic value.If the score is close it can be a draw or a minor victory/defeat.Units, (Land, Sea, Air)- own point value; to spawn/destruction- different armour values,(Front/Side/Rear/Top)- states; calm, worried, panic etc- have problems, like detracked, weapons jammed, damaged optics.Weapons, so many different types, better if you play ingame to understand.Tank Cannons, Rifles, Laser Guided Bomb, Anti-Radar Missiles, Mortars, Guided Missiles & more.200 page guide will explain everything (link)https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=247884292-------------------Random Notes:-you can hide the console chat, as its a troll fest usually \'A\' is better than \'B\' arguments.-just check what the lobby you join, as rules are modified, the 2 extremes are, low or High income. Low income is usually \""Tactical\"" as you manage a few units as it is will be a long time before you span more. Or high, which can be Unit spam at times. There is medium income lobbies as well.- I prefered Wargame EE\'s scripted campaign more than this sandbox style.- Please used combined arms & recon, if you only use one type of unit you will be heavily countered."
,Recommended,251060,9650356,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,TKN_Jez,"Amazing game. ~1600 units, lots of factions playable (such as the Red Dragons (North Korea + China), Blue Dragons (South Korea + Japan), Eurocorps (France + Deutschland), Commonwealth (England + Canada + ANZAC), soooo much deck possibilities.ATM, no boats available in the open bêta, but maps are bigger than WAB which results in mid to slow paced games, with spaws usually far away from your lines. Added the new amphibious vehicles that allow you to use some strats you wouldn't on WAB, and you get a very very good and fun game.However, arty is still a bit too strong IMO, and in conquest mode, it's heli-opening-feast as you have to uppermost hold some villages / strategical roads. But this early-game stage done, it's really good!"
,Not Recommended,251060,20924939,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,senknator,"I really wanted to like this game but I can't give a recommendation for it. It's designed for online play, but there is only a tiny online community for it. Most public battles are 4 friends on one side vs a bunch of randoms on the other and that goes about as well as you'd think it would.So what about offline play? The AI is horrendus. All it knows how to do is throw units into a meat grinder. Additionally, sometimes it just stops making moves or spawning units and just sits there (probably a bug, but c'mon this game has been out for what, 2 years now?)Finally there's the steep learning curve. I like complex games, but forget 1 type of unit and your whole force is destroyed in seconds. The micromanagement is also pretty horrific. Every unit has to be given very specific commands and it will not take any automated action what so ever. Helicopters taking ground fire? They just sit there until they're destroyed. Same goes for tanks. The notification system is terrible. All you hear is ""trouble...trouble....trouble..."" and no indication of who's in trouble or where they are...yeah lemme just scan the map for the 5 guys standing next to a burning tree...again taking no action on their own to move 3 steps to the left so they don't burn to death."
,Recommended,251060,13485826,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,HAN'NYA,"Question; Do you like commanding several units up to maybe 100 units simultaneously in a huge map?I'll save you the trouble of wasting your time.If your answer is No to the question above, don't be bothered to purchase this game on its full price, wait for a sale and a least you don't risk spending too much money on a game you're gona uninstall and let digital dust fungus obscure this game in your library. Or just ignore this review entirely and this game because its gona upset you, since you're gona have to be busy controlling and checking the battlefield all the time.If your answer is yes to the above question and you''re interested scroll down.Let me just tell you really the fundamental facts about the game, that constantly keeps you busy when you're in the battlefield;Call in Rocket Cluster Bombs at unsuspecting enemy tanks, whilst your sniper recon hides right behind enemy lines.Use your heaviests mbts behind your hidden recon, and engage enemy units using your long range cannons, whilst your infantry unleash atgms against their moving tanks.Spotted their airforce? No problem turn on your aa missiles and guns. They brought in a radar hunter? No problem turn off radar system and turn it back on when they have flown over.Enemy infantry rushing you? No problem throw in some napalm and flamethrowers. What's that? Special forces engaging your men in the front lines? No problem send in an autocannon vehicle with a napalm rocket infantry at them.Enemy Artillery incoming? No problem just loosen your formation and move away from the incoming barrage. What's that they brought in boats? Bring in Anti Ship Rocket Artillery.Your units' are not hidden no problem, just fire on position on bushes where enemy recon might be at , or just move away and commence a small tactical retreat and replace that position with your own recon.You're gona be contantly on watch, and interacting with the in-game terrain with your units, ranging from different capabilities and strengths. You're gona find yourself finding the value of having recon scouting forward positions and using several units of different categories cohesively to secure your desired sectors or zones.Anybody need advice on how to play just write on my wall and send me a friend invite, I will advice and help you get familiar with the game if you wish, just contact me.http://store.steampowered.com/app/251060"
76561198087283116,Recommended,251060,17804758,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dan,"im just going to go right into the pros and cons, so here we goPROS.1. fun gameplay, (once u get the hang of it)2. tons of units, and u get the dlc free, or ateast i did3. awsome battles, on land air and sea, (forces u to form new stragys for different battle types, like u might be good at land battles but have no idea how to win at sea, or maybe its the other way around, if you've ever played total war u prob know what i mean)4. controls are easy to learn, being able to zoom in and see the battle up close or zoom out and see it from a broader scope.CONS.1. like i said once u get the hang of the game its awsome, but it may take some time for new players,2. singleplayer kinda sucks some times, cus its pretty much the same thing every battle, the ai just send tons troops at u at a time, theres not really much manuvering around the battle field on the AIs side, but its still not as bad as some games.other then that theres not to much i can say about the game, its really a fun game and worth picking up, but if your not really sure bout it, just wait til theres a sale and get it.also some advice, dont try to reason with anyone in the main menu chat, there all crazy and well there Aholes, so you've been warned."
76561198058992385,Recommended,251060,9786352,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,M.Knight.Shamwow,I'm horrible at it but so far its fun
,Recommended,251060,25158897,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Aulus,A big orgy of autistic armchair generals spamming air units and Spetsnaz in a 5x5km map. Even Chechnya felt better.10/10 you don't know what it feels like.
76561197991700752,Recommended,251060,17905442,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,dabking69,"THIS is the RTS that i was looking for.The learning curve is like climbing mt everest with a 19"" alienware laptop.But the game delivers10/bang"
,Recommended,251060,25788956,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,zerowise,"Thebestmodern era combined arms warfare game currently on the market.Units are varied and have amazing models and details. Maps are excellently designed, with many free maps having been added as free DLC. Gameplay is deep and hugely varied given the option you have for crafting your own playstyles. It can be obtuse though.However, be aware that multiplayer is abusive if played with randoms and the community players in chat can routinely be seen praising racially motivated genocide and other such nonsense. It isbad."
,Recommended,251060,30501567,Posted: 13 March,all,Spook Island,"Wargame: Red Dragon is the culmination of 20+ years of RTS legacy at its purest form.  Cover, veterancy, supply, fog of war, unit limits, force specialization, etc... and the best thing about it is that these are all real world units.The graphics are amazing.  The choices of countries to play as are phenomenal.  What other games let you play as China, Finland, Israel, North Korea, or even Canada?  Yes, even Canada.  I mean the game obviously takes place before Trudeau, but that is still a testament to including even the most irrelevant for the sake of enjoyment.Also, that public chat is very sophisticated and geopolitical.  You may find yourself getting lost nights watching Russians chant Putin over and over or hearing your local, domestic Navy washout rant about the F-35 being a false flag attack on the war again tooth decay.  Sometimes I go to turn the television off while I'm watching NCIS and instead realize I've been chatting on wargame.  Wow.10/10 gameAlso, it's not another WW2 game which is a pretty big deal"
76561198069144505,Recommended,251060,9443061,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,HeartbreakOne,"IF you have the intelligence to understand game mechanics and to memorize the stats of 1469 different units that are currently in the game, BUY THIS GAME. It is probably the most in depth RTS out there, the devs are awesome and every game they make has amazing support. Did I mention free DLC, because this game has it. Don't expect too much out of NSWP and Scandanavia at launch, but look forward to seeing them updated in game soon after."
76561198096413603,Recommended,251060,21117242,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Bobmcboberson,"Extremly realistic models, my father was US army in the 80's and he recognizes all of the units the game displays. Badass gameplay really gives you a scale of what COULD happen if there was a war in the 80's.                                                           Naval, Air, Land it has it all and they all work for you to kill as many North Koreans as possible. SO many differnt units to chose from on each country/faction. The game is beautiful and I have had NO bugs and glitches while playing. I have  enjoyed the campaign (Which is not very story oriented) and the skirmishing and multiplayer is up to par as well. The game mostly has a particular audience and fan base on the side of Army nerds (Me) and RTS players alike. If you play CSGO maybe it's not the game for you. If you play Arma, than give it a shot."
76561198000080390,Recommended,251060,9789513,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Silver,"ArmA 2-from-above.This game is awesome and definitly worth anytime spent on learning how to play it. Learning curve looks more like a learning cliff if you never saw any other wargame serie, but In fact, if you have some basic strategic knowledge, you will be surprise how effective the tactics can be, and how much details counts, such as ammo penetration, such as the direction from where threat hits your vehicles.. frontal / side armor.. tank gun's depression, etc..learning curve is a cliff, but once u've acquired the basic principes, it is SO rewarding and enjoyable!"
76561198028355934,Recommended,251060,17072318,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Stop ping/alert me soo much!?,"(THis is like a review but is kinda not like a review. Well maybe like a rant or advices or whatever. Up to you people to decide, i just don't care)This game is definitely not for everyone, I tried forcing..ahem...i mean advised 2 of my friends to play this game and it didn't work. It is a 'dog eat dog' world out there and only the strongest will survive. Only the most willing and determine can survive in the multiplayer realm of Wargame: Red Dragon.......OR just play the damn game longer and learn the basics, there's a damn 200 page guide for this game and almost no one bothers to read it. And stop talking on the damn wargame:chat, YOU FOOLS!! (unless you like the chat.it's a very interesting place where you can talk about politics, rage at people, discuss about fetishes and other crap.)After fighting your first 100 battles or less while losing about 3/4 of them or all of it, you soon will be at the point where you say ""Why am I playing this game??"", ""JEEBUS F@#K this Game!"", "" WHy did I buy this game?""Don't quit. DON""T F##King quit. Everybody has experience this point of time at least once in this game. This event is inevitable, hundreds of new players quit at this point of time. SO I advise to you to not give up!This game has a very high learning curve and THERE is player stacking or pub stomping in this game which is the biggest reason why alot of newcomers quit this game but there is a somewhat-valid reason for this....YOU are suppose to make a GODDAMN Team or join up with veteran players.the main reason why you keep losing is that veteran players will team up together and pub stomp new players. There is no proper matchmaking system. EUGEN puts too much faith into the wargame community to make one. Nobody likes to lose, so these veteran players have friends who are at the same skill level and call upon them to join in their battles. They will then proceed to rain down hellfire (LOL hellfire missiles if you know what I mean)  upon their unsuspecting foes. Generally, the strongest and most skilled players are those who have played the game the longest and have a high victory ratio and also rank. (victory ratio is overrated, gametime experience is all that matters. Nobody plays rank anyways).(This part is just a estimation so might not be true)60-150+ hours players are mainbulk of the community. Anything above that range makes up a larger minority compare to the number of beginner players, these players are considered quite good as they have played long enough to handle tough situations ingame and have a good understanding of the mechanics and unit stats.  There are 1000+ hour players, these guys are the most dangerous of foes but luckily there is only a few of them. Making friends or apprentice under any players from 100+ hours and above is already good enough to teach you tips and tricks of the game. There is alot of notable players in this game, so you get to meet them on a regular basis depending on timezone. The best time to play wargame is usually when it is from morning and night time in the US, this is where most players from all around the world are on. Amount of players flactuate between 400 to 1000 plyaers depending on time.This game is not a singleplayer game, it is a multiplayer game. Like Battlefield 3, there is singleplayer campaign but it is not satisfying. it only serves to be a place to just practise abit.TUTORIAL IS USELESS!! There is no tutorial, it's just some pages on the menu that call itself a tutorial. Read the 200-pg guide or find veteran players to show you the ropes. Just randomly go into lobbies, look at their stats then add them to your friends list. Seriously find someone to teach you, or you will have to do it the hardway like like how I did. So many defeats... so, so many defeats...Naval combat is what most people are dissapointed about. If you are like me, who is okay or fine with it then don't bother reading this part. Opinions on the naval combat is like a mixed basket, people complain that naval combat is useless or is not what they wanted. Eugen tried its best to make it right but people still don't like it. Perfecting naval combat is not easy, especially in this type of game considering the mechanics to how this game works. Let's face it, this is not the first game that have tried to implement naval combat and it didn't work out. For example , the total war series' naval combat is boring as hell and most other games with naval combat are clunky or broken. Trying to fix naval combat for a rts/rtt game is like trying to fix the entire game genre. Atleast wargame's naval combat was not like in its beta/alpha version, oh god the HORROR!?Lastly even after playing this game for quite sometime, I still find alot of moments ingame which surprise me. The TRUE satisfaction of this is not about winning or losing, it is about experienceing the craftiness and usefulness of tactics implemented by players. Fighting battles against foes who are equally match with you or, holding your ground against a foe who have numerical or have tactical superiority over you, or managing to repel a massive unexpected infantry BANZAI charge with the help of close air support and artillery from your teammates, or working together with your friends to attack a heavily defended sector or so on. 10v 10 Battles are massive and intense. Even the tactical matches where you only control a tiny amount of troops are just as mind taxing. This is a game which will test your skills in controlling your units and your teamwork with other players. You will realise the true values of this game only after putting your heart and time in to it. These values are why there a still many players playing this game since its beta/alpha stage."
,Recommended,251060,24890916,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,i am moofin,i mean it's okay
,Recommended,251060,25407304,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ODDGODD107,"I played as North Korea.I bombed my own peasant infantry when the Americans attacked my lines.I sent new troops to replace them.My housemate sat dumbfounded as he had just lost 2 squads of high-end American infantry in Bradley IFVs, an M1 Abrams and a fancy AA piece; 100s of points of high quality men and equipment, while I lost about 30 peasants.---------------------------------Then I assualted my housemate's lines..He had a few pieces of expensive tow along a distant treeline, a very dangerous attack helicopter, more fancy AA, and a single M1 Abrams which was parked in the middle of the road at prime range from a river crossing.... I sent 64 T-34s ... straight across the bridge ...Albiet, I had a bit of mortar support to take out the tow, and I somehow bombed the helicopter out of the air.But the T-34s had to close into near point-blank range to even score a chance at penetrating the M1 Abrams, so it sorta ended with about 5 or 6 of my T-34s surviving, while the M1 Abram's carcass was literally surrounded on all sides by near 60 destroyed T-34s. (fyi, I believe the T-34 must be stationary to fire)--------------------------------------------------In every case that I play as a 2nd rate power, I give the enemy a bloody nose, no matter whether I win or lose.My only wish was that there was a WW2 version of this game - with a few changes to account for infantry without transports, brigade / regiment structuring, fortifications (in attack  / defend scenarios), and fixed or towed guns.Oh, but there is a hilarious learning cliff. My housemate didn't know was SEAD was, and kept wondering what was blowing up his RADAR AA."
,Recommended,251060,9440616,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Azaz3l,Get ready for some North Korean reservist spam
,Recommended,251060,9444023,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,trotskygrad,"Hey,If you're interested in ships only, don't get this game. Guaranteed to be a disappointment.However if you want 5 new awesome nations, a lot of great new units that are fun to play with, and amphibious capability finally being modeled (AND EVEN MORE R77), I suggest that you get this game. It's pretty great for that."
76561198137006057,Recommended,251060,30051724,Posted: 19 February,all,MasterRenegade,Best game wasted far too much of my life playing it
76561198031245011,Recommended,251060,29999633,Posted: 17 February,all,Death's Hand,"by far one of the best strategy games ive played, given the story and timeline and type of rts. level of detail is perfect.... and im glad to see they are adding new countries too. the one con for me....is the maps are lacking. they need to port more of the maps from the older games, and\or make more maps along with the other countries they are adding. example...the israeli pack? why not a middle east map? double nation pack? why not a few more maps based in yugo and finland?? otherwise the game is worth it"
,Recommended,251060,26182316,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ze_Wolf_O_Canada,"Wargame Red Dragon is an amazing game with both pros and cons which I will list below:Pros-Great graphics-lots of nations to play as-lots of units to create decks with-fun campaign-fun multiplayerCons-people in multiplayer have no idea how to work together. Instead of getting help, you get rage quitters and people saying how bad you are-basically very little teamwork in multiplayer-Pact factions all feel the same-naval battles are very blandOverall though, it's a great game that can take a bit of getting used too"
76561198007611652,Not Recommended,251060,9791742,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,mdvorak,"I've played the Wargame series since the beginning with European Escalation. It is immensly complex and has a tough learning curve, but is definitely the best stratgy game on the market. I was excited to see there would be a third game, and immediately preordered it and started playing the beta. There is a lot of balacing to be done, but that is not the reason I'm giving this a negative review. The game was advertised as incorporating navies for each country and naval combat mechanics. There are a grand total of 30 ships for 17 nations, yes 30. Blufor and Redfor each get a pool of ships from their nations' navies, and some major navies such as the United State's and the UK's are sorely underrepresesnted. Naval fights are blobs to see who can mass the most ships with CIWS and missiles, and there are no tactics at all. I love the wargame series, but I cannot in good conscience advise you to buy this game. Buy Airland Battle, which is far more balanced and doesnt lie to consumers about its features. Really dissapointed with Eugen, I had very high hopes for this game."
,Not Recommended,251060,12272772,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Joker,"It was poorly delivered...Firstly,When the game was first announced, there was a lot of talk of naval been added, which is the biggest feature of the game aside from the fact that it now focuses on the Korean Peninsula and has the Asian nations in the fight.Sadly during the Alpha, navel was horrible... The OPFOR (now called REDFOR) was overpowered in terms of the naval aspect of the game forcing NATO players to try to ditch naval altoghter and try to win by land. This can be seen in some of the early videos of the game during beta.In the game current state, the naval feature is still looked down upon by players because it still involves the same way to win as it did in Alpha, although there seems to be somewhat less blobbing of the ships.  But to a beginner, he would come to think that blobbing his ships together is a good thing.Which there is nothing wrong with that thought, because the only way or the main way your ships will be destroyed are by missiles.  They can fend off the incoming missiles using a Close-in weapon system or CIWS.  While one ship that has the CIWS can stop (at best) two missiles, a second ship will stop a third.  So following that pattern you can see why players tend to “blob” their ships.The same thing can be said for the player who is doing the attack.  More missiles means you’ll need a better defense and if your opponent defense is not strong enough, some missiles will punch through.  Which in terms... leads to the spamming.So, during my entire time of playing this game (which was a total of 300 hours) I can honestly say that I tried to avoid any games that involved naval, because it seemed like a stupid feature to play. So if your looking into buying this game for the naval warfare, don't because it feels like a taked on feature that doesn't introduce anything new after your first 2-4 battles. It's nothing more but who can shot more missiles at once will win...Now my second biggest problem which is that new deck system, or the number of limitations they now have on it.  For me, that deck system ALB (Wargame: AirLand Battle) had was perfect.  Comparing it to this game it now feels like I can no longer put a specific nation to fight in various ways, because of the newly added five card limit to a section for standard deck.This newly added limitation was strongly noticeable for me when putting together the infantry for my decks.  The first limitation I had to get over was the five card limit for a standard deck, while the second limitation I have to get over was the number of specific transports I was allowed to have for my infantry.The second limitation was strongly noticeable when I created my decks for the SSSR. (USSR or the Soviet Union) The number of the BMP3’s I was able to use in this game was laughable compared to the number I was able to have in ALB.  Which was odd because in that game the BMP3 was a prototype but mind you, it no longer is in this game.So oddly enough the word ""prototype"" means you can have more according to this game.  But ignoring that and talking about the fact that they're the BMP3's only comes with one of the weakest infantry in the game. This helps illustrates that the added deck limitations makes more units useless than others and also shows something I hated most about this series. It’s that units and the things they come with aren’t very modular…Now my last problem with the game is the community.  The number of “pub-stomps” has increased dramatically in this game to the point where you’ll see game lobbies named “randoms only”.  Your chances of coming across a game that is not a “pub-stomp” are like 1 in 10.But here's the kicker of this problem... When players ask for help the on the forums.  Typically I’ve seen a number of responses that state, “Play with friends”.  Which if you think about it, that’s what “pub-stomps” are made of.  Players playing with friends or clan mates against randomly teamed up players. Basically the number one solution is also cause of the problem…Then the typical attitude of the community...  Typically when one loses the match in this game, chances are they will leave.  Which puts you at further disadvantage making it nearly impossible to win. (But really it’s not like you have a chance when you’re paired with un-coordinated team members. So you’re better off quitting yourself…)To make even worse, sometimes you’ll come across ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that will taunt you and your team while you’re losing to them.So because of this issue I literally limited myself to only playing the “10v10” matches, which oddly enough is something everybody is beginning to do because of the issue.  Basically the game is really only fun if you’re playing in those 10vs10 matches or 1v1’s. This issue with the community was a huge blow to me for this game because I primarily played this game with random players in the 2v2’s 3v3’ 6v6’s etc…Sadly the last thing I retreated to (the 10v10's) also is suspected of pub-stomps acts also. I can even recall me being kicked from a few servers to make room for friends…Speaking of being kicked from games... Because of eugene’s GENIUS idea of adding a view profile button for others to see the stats of players has also caused me to be kicked or even banned from some people’s games all because of my low ""victory ratio"" due to me playing with randoms all the time. Then you have morons in the game that will judge other players based on their victory ratio... Just note this, if you have a victory ratio anything less than 40%, You might be considered a retard that doesn't know how to unistall the game, nor exit out of it...I have yet to see a response from the developers themselves on why they added that button. If you played the first game of the series (WarGame: European Escalation) you should remember that you had a number that was large next to your avatar. It signified what level you were. They basically added that feature back just disguised as a button...Since we're on the topic of features needed to be removed or added, I’ve also have yet to see a response from the developers on why they remove the visibility of the deck names...  Which is something most players took pride in during the second installation of the series.So now that I’ve said all the bad things what are the good?Well, you now have the Asian nations in this series and the game now takes place on the Korean Peninsula.  You also have more units!  Also because of the crappy implementation of naval, your units can finally cross Rivers, which adds more dynamics to game also getting rid of or minimizing “chokepoints”.But honestly these are the only things I can think of that are good.  Overall I will say that as far as multiplayer goes, the game deliver""s"" poorly and was deliver""ed"" poorly.  Since that first launch, the game was horribly imbalanced, forcing a number of players to wait for a balancing patch or what has been called ""DLC"" which took two months...Why not make this an expansion to Airland Battle? Because all it really does is add a few new features, units and maps. This is something I've been seening happening a lot lately with games. Before what was called ""expansion packs"" are now becoming Yearly ""re-releases"" of the game you've already bought. EE:2012 | ALB:2013 | RD:2014Then you have a fragmented community amoung your three different games that really are the same thing, just with more stuff.The series is great, but this game was the worst of them all…"
76561198079849343,Recommended,251060,23091759,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Krawford,"Since the game is on sale, I know many of you are reading the reviews wondering if you should buy this game or not. Well you came to the right place. Starting off with the multiplayer, 10v10's are a thing of its own. Unless you're on teamspeak or your team actually communicates, it's just a giant cluster♥♥♥♥. Teamstacking is a thing on 10v10's so stay away from them until you know what you're doing.. and please if you do buy this game, don't always use a support deck in a 10v10. The artillery spam gets so bad that eventually it turns into a♥♥♥♥♥♥flinging contest to see who can fling the most♥♥♥♥♥♥to the other persons' side of the map.Warchat on the other hand, is an entirely different thing. It's all politics seeing which country's♥♥♥♥♥♥is better, and thats the best it gets. Most of the time though, its autism. If you want to test your resistance to autism, read the warchat.PS... whatever you do, DONT MENTION THE F-35 IN WARCHAT!!!!!!"
,Recommended,251060,23742161,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,"Hot, Sticky [NPLM]","Warchat: Red Dragon is the greatest chat room to ever grace mankand with it's presence.Pros:-Colors-Flags-RussiansCons?-The French chat room has 2-3 people in it, max, at any one timeThe strategy minigame is great too.Pros:-Wonderful co-operative and helpful community-The sky is almosy always full of artillery shells, mortars, and rockets. every game. always.-Nothing feels better than penetrating an enemy MBT from behind-The devs care, they really do, I love them, no homo-You can tell how good someone is before a match starts just by looking at their name (with some practice)Cons?-Will consume your free time-You will sexually identify as some sort of tank, helocopter, plane, or armored vehicle, (I identify as a BMP3 Russian IFV)-May develop PTSD from extensive shelling of your infantry-Your scores may look like this the first 150 or so hours in multiplayerNamePointsLossesxXSMERCHMASTER420Xx/td]100040[/tr](Something in Japaneese or Russian)750380You80800[/table]"
,Recommended,251060,25525759,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,NEXTSTOPLONDON,"One of the best strategy games I have ever played. It takes a while to get into the game, but once you understand the subtle differences between the units you will find that this game can be played for hundreds of hours without getting boring.Each unit has several key metrics (e. g. range (air/heli/ground), speed, size, surpression, rate of fire, armour piercing & high-explosive damage, amount (e. g. 10 soldiers in a squad)) and up to 3 weapons. For anti-air tanks this can mean that the vehicle will boast anti air missiles (infrared) and a dual 25mm canon based on a radar targetting system. As long as the 25mm canon is activated, enemy ECM planes can snipe your AA, however, if you turn off the radar they won't be able to spot your unit.Another factor adding to the longevity of the game is the deck system. You choose a block (PACT/NATO), a Nation (I believe about 15 on the NATO side and 10-12 on the PACT side at the moment) and a specialisation (support, marines, air, armour, motorised). Each nation has a plethora of units (about 80 I believe).The community isn't the largest one due to the sophisticated nature of the game, but there's still sufficient lobbies to find a game at all times.Eugen recently starting releasing new nation decks, which keeps the game alive and inserts fresh content from time to time."
,Recommended,251060,15802075,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,MattijnT,"One word for this game would be: ""Amazing"".Before you read the whole wall of text Ill give a tl'dr for lazy people:Great game, hard to get into, good community, ask for help get help, even better game if you know more about what you're doing.I entered this game expecting an rts I could spend days on. Boy I did, but not with what I was expecting from the start.Which would be playing the game.Now what I did my first few hours after playing one singleplayer mission and noticing that I got shrekt, was reading and watching, alot of reading and watching.What was I watching? Youtube videos of the game being played, and help with deckbuilding.What was I reading? A huge guide, of 200 pages covering the basics.Sadly, I didn't get past 20 pages of the guide, because I'm lazy and play a game to play the game, not to read about how to play the game. Thus I started playing the game.I found a subreddit,(www.reddit.com/r/wargame), and a great post on there(http://www.reddit.com/r/wargame/comments/2futc3/announcing_the_wargame_learning_program/)So joined these guys's teamspeak, and asked if some could help me.They could, I got help in deckbuilding, and unit control, and they played some games with me explaining things, while kicking♥♥♥♥♥Im in love with the game now, I now know a bit about NATO and PACT, know the basics and feel confident enough to join random multiplayer games.And whenever I do, it's amazing, wheter it's a wellfought loss, or a hardfought victory, you always learn.Pro'sIncredibly in depth(IMO) good balancingYou can create your own fighting force with deckbuildingLoads of unitsLots of unit diversity. Tanks, AA, APC, infantry, Helis, jets, Artillery, even logistics!A lot of mapsA lot of support for new players from the community, not so much the game itselfFun and open communityCon'sReally hard to get into (but you can overcome this, if you just keep playing, and ask for help)A lot of maps butsomemaps feel like they are the same with just a few small changesREALLY HARD TO GET INTOHard to find other newbies to play games with, but possible.♥♥♥♥♥♥ ingame tutorials, you have to watch everything on youtube, and really ask for help.That was it, buy it, and play it. Its fun and amazing and great and hard and challenging!"
,Recommended,251060,14865816,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Spouderman,"As one of my friends said:""This game has quite steep learning curve... Or more correctly put, it's not a curve, it's a stone wall. A stone wall with razor sharp spikes that are on fire to be honest.""10/10."
,Not Recommended,251060,9800892,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mhiester,"Lot's of problems.Naval combat is awful. It's a sideshow with no balance. The deck system isn't even made for it, and there aren't enough naval untis to allow each nation to have their own (just BLUFOR and REDFOR ships), don't be fooled by the lights and sounds.ALB would be a much better choice if it still had enough people playing it."
76561198119861267,Recommended,251060,30983531,Posted: 6 April,all,Prototypetheta,I have no idea what I'm doing but it's still fun for some reason/
76561198049040338,Recommended,251060,18406063,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Greg Atlas,"First of all, this is a very under rated quality game. Massive battles, wide variety of strategies and units, good single player experience (though the computer does cheat) and a multiplayer experience that deserves to be in the professional gaming leagues. This is an absolute gem of a game for any strategy game player.One of the great aspects about the game is that it makes losing troops very difficult for me, but just like real war, sometimes you have to push your troops in order to take an objective even though you know you'll take losses. As a commander, it is your job to make those losses worth the effort.While I am mostly praising this game, there are some big drawbacks that can potentially be patched with a hotfix.#1 There are several hidden stats in the game. Units with silenced weapons are not clearly marked and neither are units with auto-loaders. In the forums it has been stated that there will be a stat indicating auto-loaders with a proper description if I remember right, so this is likely to be fixed in the future but I wonder if they will reveal all the hidden stats and abilities in a clear defining manor.#2 The multiplayer community can be quite toxic. For a game that focuses on its multiplayer aspect, it is the biggest detriment to the game since you will have people who leave the game just because their initial push failed or even if they lose one unit. This often causes a cascade effect where people leave  one after another and while there are bonuses for the remaining team members and it is quite possible for the remaining members to win on their own, it often means that there are too many fronts for so few people to deal with and there is nothing that can be done. In addition to this, team killing is a potential problem. Luckily the team killing problem is rare, but when you're waiting in a lobby for a 10v10 map for about half an hour just to begin, it is quite disheartening when one of your team mates decides to bomb the spawning location killing most of the allied troops then proceed to bomb all of the supply bases and command vehicles before leaving.#3 Artillery is very prevelant and there are few counters. This is somewhat a reality of war that I mostly don't mind in this game, but this is bad in a few ways. One of which is that it just becomes an annoyance when you're constantly getting spammed by arty even when you take little to no losses since it often isn't used properly. Another way is that you'll often have team mates on your own team that don't know how to use artillery properly, then they waste all of their supplies achieving almost nothing, and then they start taking from allied supplies which deprives front line troops with repairs, ammo, and fuel. The final way that the artillery spam is a bad thing is because people neglect to mark the locations they are sending artillery shells (or bombing runs from airplanes) and thus there becomes friendly fire issues.My suggestion for avoiding the pit falls that somewhat plague this game is to manage to get some friends in the game that you know are reliable, or even better yet, bring friends with you to buy the game and play with you. It's the best way to play and provides a lot of enjoyment for anyone who can work together as a team.Update as of 11/28/2016: With the new nation packs being required to pay for unlocking there is a slight feeling that things are turning to ""pay to win"" and this is a legitimate concern in a game like this. I can say that the nations that have been released so far are actually pretty balanced and they finally give bluefor a couple of capabilities that Redfor players have had all along. That being said, since these capabilities are so strong and made Redfor nations superior before, it also gives the feeling that the older Bluefor countries are obsolete in many ways and not only should these capabilities not be held behind a pay wall, but the older countries that are more limited could use a facelift."
76561198078146332,Recommended,251060,29933791,Posted: 14 February,all,Purphoros,"""War never changes."" Is a quote thrown around often.  While philosophically it may not, strategically it sure as hell does.  Wargame: Red Dragon is a lesson in that.  Each multiplayer game contains lots of stress and nail biting maneuvers when player skill is balanced, but for the inexperienced it’s a dredge.  The learning curve is less of a curve, but more of a vertical line, when passed you can hold your own against another experienced player.  This is a target that I am still trying to hit, while I pride myself as a quick learner every map, every game, and every encounter is a mix between luck, recon, and unit composition, which I haven't quite nailed down yet.  A huge variety of units is at your discretion, from the absurd to the very practical, and all of them are worth giving a shot, provided that they are utilized properly.  The controls are simple and endlessly customizable.  The UI is a bit big by default but you can change the size to fit your preference in the options.  The game allows you to make everything just as you like it, which is great for someone who is moving from another game and wants their hot-keys to be the same or someone like me who wants less clutter on the screen.The AI that you can fight is not a very good opponent, it makes stupid decisions but it's a great way to learn the controls, and test performance (which unless you play on a potato is great).  Take a quick run through a campaign that is intrigues to you and then try the multiplayer.  I also suggest sticking with the default decks, or if you are so inclined building your own, be warned every unit has a ton of info, and some aren't as good as the prices suggest, read each stat and use the compare button as needed, also check out the competition through the armory, it lets you see every vehicle you could ever want to know about or kill, also hover over icons if you don’t know what they mean, sometimes they have multiple definitions that change between units even if they look the same, they can also give hints to the role of the unit.  Alternately if you tire of the provided decks but don't trust your building skills, you can import them, all it requires is a simple copy and paste and there are great resources online.This game is a wonderfully strategic, if you have the cash pick it up now with the Israel DLC, otherwise wait for a sale.  Any new players would be a great help in revitalizing the player base, and I can promise that this is the best realistic strategy game you can buy.  This game offers hours of endless–admittedly stressful–fun which I personally love, while games can run long, on a weekend it's a great way to break boredom.A couple of quick tips:RECON EVERYWHERE- there is no sense in charging blindCHEAP UNITS FIRST- when advancing it makes no sense to put your valuable units first, let the replaceable stuff take the hit, it can save you from a bad advanceDO NOT FORCE UNFAVORABLE ENGAGMENTS- unless you’ve been forced back to your spawn there is no reason to keep throwing units at a wall, you can always retreat, reorganize, and then soften your enemy with artillery or airstrikesIF YOU LIKE IT HIDDEN DISABLE ITS GUNS- if you want to keep a unit hidden in a forest or some other type of cover, make sure that their guns aren’t on, they stop being hidden when shooting, this is especially important for forward recon that doesn’t really have a need to fight, if you want it to fire just turn them back on.COMMUNICATE- if you are doing an air heavy rollout tell your team, so that they don’t waste points on their own aircraft, or if you want to take a specific point, call it out, so that your allies can focus efforts elsewhere."
76561198002608069,Recommended,251060,21330033,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,"Steven""Punani""Seagal","Auferstanden aus RuinenUnd der Zukunft zugewandt,Lass uns dir zum Guten dienen,Deutschland, einig Vaterland.Alte Not gilt es zu zwingen,Und wir zwingen sie vereint,Denn es muss uns doch gelingen,Daß die Sonne schön wie nieÜber Deutschland scheint,Über Deutschland scheint.Glück und Friede sei beschiedenDeutschland, unser'm Vaterland.Alle Welt sehnt sich nach Frieden,Reicht den Völkern eure Hand.Wenn wir brüderlich uns einen,Schlagen wir des Volkes Feind.Lasst das Licht des Friedens scheinen,Dass nie eine Mutter mehrIhren Sohn beweint,Ihren Sohn beweint.Lasst uns pflügen, lasst uns bauen,Lernt und schafft wie nie zuvor,Und der eignen Kraft vertrauend,Steigt ein frei Geschlecht empor.Deutsche Jugend, bestes StrebenUns'res Volks in dir vereint,Wirst du Deutschlands neues Leben,Und die Sonne schön wie nieÜber Deutschland scheint,Über Deutschland scheint."
,Recommended,251060,23383228,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ruhollah Jomeini,0/10 French army has no surrender option
,Recommended,251060,26800512,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fippe,"this game is a strongbuy iti'm not saying this because the finland dlc is coming and i need someone to kill, i swear.honest."
,Recommended,251060,26943677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wolfiefang,"I'm happy this game has been constantly updated, and they're even adding in more nations so I can continue to enjoy this for even longer. =)"
76561198170095223,Recommended,251060,29985947,Posted: 17 February,all,The Sneaky Gamer,"Every Multiplayer match turns into Trench Warfare.... I am not joking when its 4 VS 4 one team occupys half of the map and vice versa, then the trench warfare begins. Both sides digging in. Though this isnt a curse, it is what makes the game fun. Great Campaigns and helpful community.9/10"
,Recommended,251060,9767311,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Bold And Brash,Glorious T-9010/10
,Not Recommended,251060,10243426,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,AmPm,"This should have just been an expansion. Naval units only make a small impact on naval maps, and are missing from anything else. The lack of riverboats on all these other maps that include rivers and lakes was a real letdown. Ships move like tanks on water instead of like ships. Very disappointing.Deck building is more limited than Air Land Battle, there is really no reason to take a year restriction now.The only positives are: Asian militaries, amphibious crossing of rivers/lakes.Overall, not a big enough improvement over AirLand Battle to be worth purchasing for more than $15EDIT: There is no check on your army list, and it is all kept client side. Right now the game is full of cheaters who will change their deck to illegal combinations and availabilities."
,Recommended,251060,29265003,Posted: 14 January,all,w o l o l o,Doesn't it feel great to be completely stomped over by the EASY AI or the EASY campaign. fmlhECK new players lmao lets give em a steeeep learning curve because we are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sbut nah the game is really good
76561198047246635,Recommended,251060,28181338,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Quiet Asian Housewife,Once you start the game just hit the red mute button in the lower right and you're good to go!
76561198048812422,Recommended,251060,28553907,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Luftwaffe FJ,"The Good:Wargame Red Dragon provides a unique RTS experience that is plenty challenging, and frequently rewarding. The playable units are beautifully detailed, in both form and function. I loved learning the difference between semi-active and f&f air-to-air missiles, and the paint jobs on the Leopard-2 models look phenomenal. Players who value detail and authenticity will be in for a real treat. Each individual unit has its own set of statistics and abilities that a good Commander should be well familiar with. What level of optics are your recon infantry equipped with? What is the dispersion rating of your long-range artillery? How much armor penetration can you get with your anti-tank guided missiles? Are your APCs amphibious? Are your surface-to-air missiles radar-guided? What's the turning radius for the F-15 Eagle? Do your main battle tanks have enough top armor to withstand enemy artillery bombardment? What may seem like an overwhelming array of available choices to a novice player is actually a true tacticians dream. There are a dizzying number of play styles, but it's up to you to make your tactic successful.The Bad:The learning curve. Everyone complains about it, and rightfully so. With each new Steam Sale comes an army of new players who insist on throwing units at the enemy, Starcraft style. The instant gratification type players typically choose the most expensive units to feed the other team, and it's not uncommon to see fighter jets casually sailing over the enemy lines, only to be effortlessly swatted out of the sky by enemy AA. Worse, is that after the novice player has squandered all of the state-of-the-art units in his arsenal, he will promptly quit, leaving teammates to pick up the slack for the rest of the battle. Since the game has no form of quit penalty, this behavior often goes uncorrected.The Ugly:To this day, the game is punctuated by occasional bugs and crashes that the developers do not seem to have any intention of fixing. Units get caught on bridges, planes will clump up inside each other so they are destroyed by a single missile, sometimes selecting multiple units also selects a random unit on the other side of the map. And a match can be ruined at any time by a single team killer. Bomber aircraft can drop bombs on friendly units, but there is no way to target that bomber in response. Vote kick? Report player? Nope. The game has nothing of the sort. Players must visit the developer's official forum site and post a complaint. So instead of fixing glitches, and adding critical game features, the developers seem content with rolling out a new DLC every now and then, to rake in more money. I bought 0 of them.Conclusion:In spite of these shortcomings, I'm glad to say that I own and still play this game. I can't believe how much I've learned about battle tactics and modern war from the detail offered here. If you have more patience than a twelve-year-old, go ahead and pick this up the next Steam Sale. Be patient, have good Recon, take smart positions, and read the unit stats! See you on the battlefield."
76561198006656405,Recommended,251060,12598441,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Lord Laramee,A couple hours of playing this game you will have more working knowledge of military hardward then a lifetime subscription to Jane's Magazine.
,Recommended,251060,12333833,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,M3tal,"A lot of people say that this is just an update of the last Wargames. They would be right, if there werent substantial amounts of changes from ALB.Not only is Navy included, but the devs are constantly adding new content and free DLC packages out to their community. These games have super high replayability and endless amounts of hours of gameplay in them. Its a shame that games like these are overshadowed at times by micromanagement RTS games like CoH 2. I feel the combination on large scale war mixed with the unit by unit commanding is so immersive that you cant not play it."
,Recommended,251060,14458181,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Gabenfoodle,The fact that I can play as North Korea pretty much makes this game a 10/10
,Recommended,251060,19632014,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Leclerc,"The ""look at my burned T-72Bs"" simulator ."
,Recommended,251060,22922962,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,SuicideKing,"Initially played single player and bounced off the game after a while, but got back into it after I started playing with the folks I play Arma with.Pretty interesting game, encourages and rewards knowledge of weapon systems and has a rock-paper-scissiors way of doing things. If you understand this system, then you'll be good at it. Has micromanagement but not Men of War level of micro, so it's not too bad. Not a traditional RTS so don't buy this expecting Rise of Nations!Naval is probably underutilised in our games.Not too demanding on performance, more GPU bound. I'd recommend at least a GTX 560 or equivalent for 1080p.TL;DR: Recommended if you have a bunch of people to play with. General public community is quite weird, I find.EDIT: I successfully ran the game with Intel HD4600 Graphics when my 560 died. It runs well if you let it auto-detect settings, even though it won't look pretty when zoomed in. It's quite fluid with a 650 Ti BOOST and doesn't appear to want more than 2GB VRAM at 1080p."
,Recommended,251060,30987431,Posted: 6 April,all,Richard,"After about 8 hours played, it's clear that this game is absolutely mind-blowing. It's basically Total War: Modern Warfare. But way more in-depth and complex than anything in Total War. Hundreds of real world units, and you have to manage your actions down to tiny details like making sure your tanks face forwards, and retreat in reverse etc. Units have weak spots on their armour (such as the back of a tank) etc, and using smart tactics can turn a battle around in seconds. There is far too much to explain here, but I highly recommend this to any fan of strategy games, this is absolutely one of the best I've played.Reading some guides is highly recommended. The 1000-page guide on Steam is a good place to start.If you want a detailed, realistic modern RTS with spectacular gameplay and visuals, plus competitive multiplayer and a truly demented community of psychotic nationalists, this game is for you.Protip: don't take the community seriously. Kim Jong-Un and Donald Trump like to have fun in their spare time too."
,Recommended,251060,20885399,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Natgpower,100% recommend this game!!Comes with two mini games; Lobby simulator and Warchat!
,Recommended,251060,20740433,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Sleepless Stliger,Yes! Buy it! It's an amazing Real Time Strategy game that applies REAL LIFE combat strategies and not just spamming tanks. You end up losing if you cheese spam.Theres a HUGE learning curve however.
76561197994340073,Recommended,251060,29137755,Posted: 9 January,all,Trueseeing,"Best RTS I've ever played.  Set in 1975-1990 Cold War era,  it's practically a warsim with its excellent realism with a heavy emphasis on positioning, planning and combined arms rather than micro.   Don't buy this for the singleplayer as it is more a tacked on feature, but it's an amazing multiplayer game, and the multiplayer scene is thriving and very fun.   Very high skill cap, and lots of variety in factions too.  10/10 would flank with Vickers for glorious Australia again."
76561198202160394,Recommended,251060,24005614,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperSweeper,1.deploy forces2.launch rocket barrage from 10 BM-21's3. charge the enemy with an ungodly amount of T64's and T72's with a bunch of Shilkas4.???5.CHEEKI BREEKI IT'S A VICTORY
,Recommended,251060,19559619,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mr. Miyagi,10/10 would napalm poor people again
76561198008356636,Recommended,251060,25857099,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,hamaca777,Many people play the multiplayer but I would pay for 100 new single player campaigns to be honest.
,Recommended,251060,9840264,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Fleur de La Mer,Just shut up and give them your money!
,Recommended,251060,17931540,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Vuiz,██████╗░██║░░░██║░████████╗░██╗░███╗░░░██╗ ██╔══██╗██║░░░██║░╚══██╔══╝░██║░████╗░░██║ ██████╔╝██║░░░██║░░░░██║░░░░██║░██╔██╗░██║ ██╔══░░░██║░░░██║░░░░██║░░░░██║░██║╚██╗██║ ██║░░░░░╚██████╔╝░░░░██║░░░░██║░██║░╚████║
76561198033715928,Recommended,251060,23757878,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lithion,"Tl:dr; It's epic, intense, extremely detailed and takes a while to learn.Do you cringe to see your RTS tanks and helicopters move at the same speed? Do you want a modern style RTS on a big scale? Do you want semi-realistic ranges, strength and fighting power for anti-air, vehicles, tanks, infantry? Look no further.Wargame has (to me) been the breath of fresh air the RTS genre sorely needed. It's on a massive scale, and allows you to zoom out to see the entire map, but you can also zoom in to follow a particular unit in incredible detail.This game has been around for a while, but thanks to the community, the devs are still working on putting new nations out.Next to the positive things mentioned above, here are a few things you should consider before buying:-The scale works both ways, it's easy (as a beginner) to get stomped by something you didn't know existed.-The learning curve is very steep in the beginning, know that you need to make your own unit deck, since the default ones are useless.-Don't read the chat if you're easily offended.-(in my opinion) There's little GOOD wargame footage on youtube etc. from which you can learn as a beginner, reach out to the community to get some good decks at the start!"
76561198015162127,Recommended,251060,30914468,Posted: 2 April,all,Cageebus,"If you ever want to lose hours staring at various cards of tanks and trying to figure out how to not lose them all as soon as you hit launch battle, get this game. Everything is simulated, down to the rates of fire and reload times of assault rifles, up to the turning circles of jet fighters.Will make you rage, but keeps you coming back for more."
76561198081886746,Recommended,251060,19180440,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ViolentPlatypus,"Solid game. Having 16 years of gaming experience (across all platforms, genres, etc) I can easily say this is one of the best games I've ever played. It really is just a well rounded game.People who enjoy intense strategy will most likely enjoy this game. The learning curve is relatively steep. So my advice is player multiplayer, with the expectation you will be defeated constantly for your first month. But instead of quitting out of games, learn from the better players. Once you start getting a few key aspects down, it is not difficult to become a competent player.Matchmaking can be a little one sided at times. But remain positive... it is through failing and learning that'll you'll become a very good player. People don't master this over night.That all being said though, the game is still massively better then alot of other strategy games out there. And it is very easy to become absorbed by it. Community online is healthy.Id like to think after the disappointment I've seen around Act of Aggression, the developers will return to make another one of these games. Only time will tell - until then I'll keep enjoying this game.I highly recommend this game."
76561198080008425,Recommended,251060,13273325,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,THE MILKMAN,Wasted all of my planes trying to drop Australian napalm on a Chinese UAZ-469 11/10
76561198058132397,Recommended,251060,23146928,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Dr. Chris (Leader of Wumbology),"This game is awesome. If you like RTS games. Dont buy this and complain its not what you thought it was. The graphics are amazing and the ai goes from ""easier than someone whos afk"" to ""holy what the hell where did it get that♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. Certainly not for everyone, but its good if you like rts games"
76561198038419968,Recommended,251060,26367226,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Vealchop123,An extremely fun and under rated game. The graphics are really quite amazing considering you zoom all the way from a satellite view to the a foot away from an individual soldier. The gameplay is quite good with a decent campaign and still an active online community.
76561198054523646,Recommended,251060,11287768,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Salty_Seaman,"Baited a guy into a tracked rapier FSA lion's pit, killing 690 points worth of jets in less than 6 seconds10/10"
76561197998338046,Recommended,251060,9574111,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,griffor,"If you are looking for a game that brings warfare to life this is the game for you. choose and fight with any nation or colaltion you want and show your might on the battlefield with naval supremacy, air dominance, and land warfare, as you wipe the floor with your enemies."
76561198029216791,Recommended,251060,14647250,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MosieznyKojot,Best Putin Simulator ever10/10 would soviet again
,Recommended,251060,9556350,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Toughgamer03,Realistc high end graphics mordern Military warfare Real Time Strategy  game.Its exceptional and my rating is 10/10.
,Recommended,251060,24203696,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Harry,This game is psycologically draining because I keep on gaining emotional attachment to my own men
,Recommended,251060,17308553,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Lord_Retard,"(Noob Part)Asked for help on building my deck on a chat and some very nice people replied with ""GTFO Noob"", ""Get the ♥♥♥♥ out nub"" and lastly my favorite ""Kill yourself and uninstall the game nub"". But what i started to think about then was how do i managed to uninstall the game if i kill myself? 10/10 biggest learning curve ever.(Less of a Nub!)Well im starting to figure out that the game is very difficult in the battles. The game itself is just eye candy and the explosions are amazing. So far its still hard to figure out but it's a good game if your hardcore in strategy."
,Recommended,251060,26948163,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Exo_Jacket,"Very hard, but still fun to play."
76561198026913459,Recommended,251060,9540246,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,troublmaker,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPlj6ZWhVLMIf Wargame: Red Dragon were a person it'd be the loner geeky kid that no one understands.  We're sure he's a really deep guy, but no one can understand him.  Wargame: RD is the most complex RTS on the market.  You will definitely have to invest a little bit to ""get"" this game.It's a very deep game with a lot of excellent and worthwhile gameplay, however it might be too niche for some."
,Recommended,251060,19290407,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Vyntage,"Great game.You play as one of the many modern factions like America, Russia, China, Japan, Korea, British, Germany, etc and you build a 'deck' which is basically something you stuff with vehicles, infantry, naval units or air from that said faction or multiple factions. (Bonus to sticking to a single faction, and there is prebuilt decks for beginners)There is land, air and naval combat. The vehicles are realistic. There is fuel, detracking, getting your rotor shot out and your copter crashing into a tank column and blowing it up. There is ways to get fuel again, because you start with a FoB (or Forward Operations Base) which supplies your troops with ammo, fuel, repairs, etc. The jets come in off-map from an air field and do what they do, and can retreat back to the air field (if they make it) for repairs and ammo restocking.The maps are absolutely gigantic. The enviorment feels alive. You can hide your troops in the foliage, secure and use buildings, craters are left as permanent scars in maps from your wars (Just for the duration of the game, you won't go back into a map filled with craters from previous games) there are mountains, forests, plains, plateaus, rivers, lakes, oceans, you name it, it's there.It's balanced. Yes, factions may favor one type of unit over another, like (example only, not true) USA may favor Infantry and have better infantry than the French, but the French have better air support, etc. Everything has a counter. Air has anti air and other air units like fighters and attack helicopters. Bazookas and RPGs and jets and other helicopters for ground and naval and air for other naval.There is objectives, you get command vehicles to secure sectors in a map usually codenamed something like a military term such as Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta. The more zones you control the more advantages you get such as new ways to bring in units to that zone instead of your FoB's location.The graphics are superb. Extremely realistic, and you can zoom in on ongoing battles and see from almost a 3rd person perspective.I definitely recommend it whole heartedly, it's a great game extremely addicting and very fun.9.9/10"
76561197989740094,Recommended,251060,17418078,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Original Jim,"One of the top 5 RTS games of all time, in my opinion. Tons of replayability. Steap MP learning curve. No charge DLC's"
76561198026372265,Recommended,251060,35103407,Posted: 21 September,all,Wilson,"One game i'll never regret buying. As for everyone thinking about buying this, it has a learning curve most don't want to learn. Not only strategy wise, but names of units. Like what tanks are the good ones, what planes are ASF, sead, cluster, bomber. You'll be in for a hell of a time if you have to click the enemys units to see if its a credible threat everytime. I recommend this game, but not if you're not willing to learn."
76561197970969029,Not Recommended,251060,10033900,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Catweazle,"I do and I don't recommend this game.  If you have Airland battle already then really all you are paying £30 for is some more units and a few maps, basically it's an expansion pack.The trouble is so many people have migrated to red dragon that it is almost necessary to get it in order to get a game as servers seem to have got real quiet in airland battle.Red dragon needs much more work, there are various balance issues, naval combat whilst a great idea is awful and brings little or nothing to the game.  It is of course a Beta, to be fair but still not worth £30 notes, £15 perhaps.You can at last ignore people on the chat so all the racist/jew haters out there are forever silenced which is lovely.  AI is still at times frustratingly annoying, the number of times I have sent jets on a bombing run for instance that fail to drop on their target and instead carrying on flying merrily deep into enemy territory to be shot down by the 4 million pieces of AA waiting for them.  And this is depsite clicking madly to get the bloody thing to turn around.  When you are playing as Redfor(pact essentially) you get to buy 3 or 4 planes if you are lucky whilst Blufor(nato essentially) seem to have endless jets at their disposal.  The same applies to the navy, again balance issues.  That said Redfor seems to attract a more tactical player so they do seem to win equally as often.I also do not like the points limit per deck, whereas in airland battle it was 40 or 45 maybe? so you had to really thick about your deck purchases - now it sits at 60 and you can buy everything thus making deck specialties utterly pointless.  Perhaps this will change - I hope so."
,Recommended,251060,13119131,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ratmkitno™,"10/10 would play again, Expect for the naval combat.... that's pretty lame."
76561198056684599,Recommended,251060,31173266,Posted: 16 April,all,Darth Talon,"I love this game, it took me a bit to understand all the icons and how to attack and stuff. But it has alot of tutorials and everything u need to understand. It is also a game the requires experience. THe more you play the better u get. I have a bad pc, and i can run this game on High settings with little to none of lag. I recomend this game if u like REAl combat strategy. Using smoke, airfoce, and tactics to win. Lots of factions and lore, diffrent factions have diffrent strenghs and diffrent decks. You need to make ur deck to ur liking, and your factions best ability."
76561197966674003,Recommended,251060,22900766,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mr.Dukes,"Been playing since the orignial European Escalation.  I've loved and played RTS's since the original C&C.  Times then were simpler.  However, just like everything, times have evolved.  This game is a perfect example of RTS evolution.  It's top of it's class and frong runner for RTS.  This game does have a learning curve, and a steep one at that especially when playing online.  However, once you get the hang of it and start to understand how fragile even the most powerful units are,  Its very rewarding!  So rewarding I cant put the game down, I've literally been playing it for YEARS, and even when i stop playing it for a couple months to try something new... I come running back!  The graphics and sounds are decent, the base building doesn't exsist, however unit authenticity and reward for being tactically sound are rewarded 10 fold!  Best feeling in the game is killing an expensive unit with a cheap crappy one just because I made the better decisions.  I would love to see another sequel to this explosive game.  FOCUS did a great job with this game."
76561198012247186,Recommended,251060,22441896,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,PanzerFaust,I have a lot of fun losing.
76561198059162305,Recommended,251060,24976846,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,VictorXII,"This is a most have RTS game. Gameplay is amazing with both good single player and multiplayer experiences. The best part is this game is released for Linux, so if you miss playing proper RTS games look no further. The Wargame series has given me more enjoyment over the past few years than any other game. Well done Eugen Systems keep them coming and keep support Linux."
,Recommended,251060,24339981,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Waldo,Good optimization: checkA caring developer: checkA slightly mature community: checkYep this game meets my standards.
,Recommended,251060,12032628,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,About47Pandas,Great soild game.Different from any other RTS out. Its a mix between Risk and Civ but in real time.Sent in all my marines and they got flamedthrowered by chinese people in the forest...10/10 would burn again.
76561198151363837,Recommended,251060,30179160,Posted: 25 February,all,XxsniperxX,Wargame:Red Dragon is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. The price is way too high and when you just start out the game doesn't give you any tips and tricks in the main menu.The deck system is balanced except some redfor AA but other then that I never see the russians have a better jet then the F/A 18 (comparing one jet to another 1v1 1v1 1v1 etc.) The maps are made also to a fair point. Not one side and 2 starting points(Besides Foxtrot/Alpha) As if your looking into a mirror (Objective wise). The units are also very fun to play with. I have won a round just by going naval only and I managed to flank my opponent.I can say the BB's (La fayyete Kongo etc.) Could be buffed for health because I've seen a T-90 take a Kongo down. Thats messed up.I would give this game the double thumbs up and recommend it.
76561198010254351,Recommended,251060,22656950,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,JWoody907,"This game is a great simulator, but I warn prospective users to brace yourself for a pretty intense learning curve.I picked this up as an experienced RTS player and I spent probably the first two hours of play just frustrated out of my mind trying to figure out how to make things work the way I wanted them too. You really have to take some time and get used to losing to master this game.Other than the learning curve, the game is awesome. The graphics are stunning, and the gameplay is fun and engaging after you figure out how it all works. I would strongly recommend it."
76561198075799782,Recommended,251060,22766502,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Stauros,"The game is hard to learn but it's good. You must watch some youtube tutorials before start playing, because the game tutorial is @#$!. The reallity of the battlefield is the best part of the game which you cannot find it in other games. Many nations and may units to customise your army (deck).Pros : Reality and nice grafics.Cons :Bad tutorialOverall 9/10.If you r a military RTS fun just buy it!!!"
,Recommended,251060,15610734,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Appleseed`,North Korea destroy Nato 10/10
76561198028704305,Not Recommended,251060,10081303,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,toomuchtatose!,"1 Step forward, 3 Steps backward from its predecessors.+ Better graphics as compared to ALB/EE.+ Single player campaigns are well designed.- Game has not reach a proper balance since beta, what I've received is a shame. There is absolutely no point in putting more units/nations/naval into the game when they do not improve the gameplay.- Lack of co-op campaign.- Auto-matchmaking is garbage, there is no point for casual RTS players to play more than 48hrs on this game if they do not have other friends to play with. Pub-stomp is the norm.Lack of focus is the problem with this title. It simply becomes no fun."
,Recommended,251060,14540665,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Ｊ ｏ ｈ ｎ,I HAVE SUDDENLY CLIMBED THE STEEPEST LEARNING CURVE IN MY LIFE! SO MANY UNITS SO LITTLE SLOTS.1/0 not disappointed
,Recommended,251060,23953744,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,청둥오리는과일이다,You finally understand why movie stereotype commander sacrifice 20 men instead of one tank10/10 would send 20 mails to sad mothers again
,Recommended,251060,12672504,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sweg Bucket,Absolutley love this game. I've loved RTS games since I was a kid playing C&C. I absolutley love the realism in vehicles and other units. The fact how I have thousands of units to pick from is amazing. Although this game does have some problems (Such as lag issues or other issues such as my motion blur) it still is a good game and I reccomend it to anyone interested in getting a good RTS game.
76561198054466998,Recommended,251060,22774838,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,kaulzs,Much potential drowned in bad matcmaking system.
,Recommended,251060,13960735,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[H4TZ]ObeseBearMann,"Came for RTS, stayed for global chat. 10/10"
76561198006521653,Recommended,251060,24562716,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BorderReaper,In my opinion the best game that Eugen has come out with.  Very real ...brutal at times taking you lots of time to figure out how the game works.  Worth it 100% though if you stick with it! =)
,Recommended,251060,22385980,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,WillySurvive,"Played this game for hundreds of hours. No RTS like it. I can keep going back to it no matter what. Multiplayer has a suprisingly strong core group of players on very frequently.It can have a bit of micro involved but once you get it, it really adds to the experience and takes the strategies and tactics to another level.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,251060,31284422,Posted: 21 April,all,That'll Do Pig...That'll Do.,"5 hours of play deep, and I still haven't won a single game. A+++"
76561197994408776,Recommended,251060,9440407,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Spawnfärkäl,1st impression out of the closed beta was great... even though it seems the game is shifting more from micro to macro management... good or bad? We will find out soon! :)
76561198145961763,Recommended,251060,23086796,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sexy Michael Starr,"This is a good game which you should definitely get, but I would actually recommend Wargame: AirLand Battle over this game, which has several flaws.A few key points about the game:1. The maps are beautiful and are well-balanced for the most part. Maps manage to feel unique even though there are very many of them, all for different numbers of players.2. Naval combat, while it sounds cool, is underwhelming. It's basically like a downgraded version of land combat and the naval maps aren't very imaginatively designed.3. The developers seem to have trimmed a game mode or two from the previous game which, in all honesty, isn't the end of the world since we still have the most important game modes, but when you get a new game, you expect it to take what was present in the previous game and expand upon it, not remove from it.4. The campaigns are pretty mediocre and are gimmicky. The AI is extremely stupid even on the hardest difficulty, and you can bait it easily. To counteract this, the AI gets a handicap in that it gets extra units at the start of the game, which isn't that big of a deal. The AI's basic strategy is to send waves of vehicles at you in hopes that you will just give up. The only thing that interrupts this is the constant artillery bombardments against your command units which, by all accounts, should be hidden to the enemy. The campaigns themselves are interesting and based in history, but they get old because, when it comes down to it, there is generally either one solid strategy or two solid strategies which allow you to complete the campaign successfully, and there isn't any room for strategic creativity.Multiplayer is super fun.Score: 83/100: If there were as many people playing ALB as there are people playing this, I would just play ALB, but this game is still worth your time."
76561197961885143,Recommended,251060,28166747,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,theseeman,This game has incredible depth and immense replay. active international multiplayer community. Continued dev support years after release. incredible moments. and it is on sale for twelve bucks.
76561198045661930,Recommended,251060,15582931,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Arrow_Head,"This is not a review of the single player campaign but of the online multiplayer.After play 200 hours of this game I feel as though I have earned the right to write a review. The first thing to say is this is a  spectacular game. The game has so many good points I cannot list them all but here are some.Firstly the number of units is incredible. There are over 1,450 units spanning 17 nations. This gives a huge variety in game play and no two games are ever the same. The second point is the maps. These are huge, covering vast areas of terrain, oceans and rivers. This allows players to use the terrain to their advantage (for example sneaking through forests with tanks or going over mountians with infantry). Thirdly all DLC (at time of writing) is free. This goes back all the way to European Escalation where DLC was also free. Another point about this game is that although the devs had said it needs a 2.5 GHz processor it doesn't. My computer is very low end and can still run this at 15-30 FPS.A word of warning though! This game it not a layed back RTS where you don't have to do much accept order where units go. There is a lot to micro manage and if you don't micro manage then you stand not hope in winning. There is also a steep learning curve and from my understanding no tutorial though i'm sure YouTube will have the answers.All in all this is a great RTS and in my opinion the best out on the market at the moment and certianly the best in the series so far. Don't be put off by the price in my opinion to get your monies worth you should play at least the same number of hours as pounds you paid and its certainly done that!10/10"
76561198096378964,Recommended,251060,32421129,Posted: 14 June,all,Captain Fubar,">Be me in strait to the point>Coordinating with friends on teamspeak on how to not have a stalemate>Playing US marine deck>Thisisgoingtobegood.gif>Match starts>President Gorbachev's personal Airborne infantry battalion rushes straight for middle>Not this time>Teammates rush anti air helos forward followed by aerial bombardment that would make General Patton Cry>In ensuing chaos I spam landing teams of marines, smaw teams, Abrams and Anti air batteries forward followed by ships>Landed on beach successfully>Enemy teams goes ♥♥♥♥ing ballistic>Enemy Calls in every bomber in a 250km radius to destroy my landing zone>Ohshit.jpeg>Furiously spams more AA and marines to counter amount of death>So many aerial targets AA is firing nonstop>Friends push through ♥♥♥♥♥torm of entrenched enemies to assist>Combined arms smashes through all the way to spawn>Friendly jets kill enemy bombers>15 minute win>BUY THIS GAME NOW"
76561198001114256,Not Recommended,251060,10929913,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Peachey Carnehan,"The learning curve is insane. The tutorials are unutterably worthless, the interface is unintuitive, and the alert messages are meaningless. This could be a fantastic simulation but they make no allowance whatsoever for new players!"
,Recommended,251060,12296443,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,swcrusade,"This game will challenge anyone who enjoys RTS. It takes a little while at first to understand how to play as the tutorials are not helpful, but after watching several YouTube videos I figured the basics out. With regards to the Navy action, it is fun just buying a medium sized ship or two and sailing around shooting down air craft, blowing up unsuspecting land units, or sinking other ships.The land battles are very complicated, it is not easy taking over the map by just selecting a whole bunch of high end units and sending them to an area, you must move your units in a layered fashion very slowly. Sending in a tank or helicopter rush is just a waste of good units. You need infantry and artillery as well as plenty of support vehicles, otherwise your tanks and helicopters are useless. With regards to the air units, wow... not at all easy to use as they get shot down in seconds if you are not extremely careful, and those air planes are very expensive. Being Canadian, I can't help but play Canada. I like the proto types they included for Canada, but still, it is a big challenge to win (my win loss ratio is horrible) but that has not stopped me! Go Canada Go!"
,Recommended,251060,28200793,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Umiman,"I think if anyone were to ask me what was the best RTS of all time, this game wouldn't come up.Not because this isn't the best RTS of all time, but because I know despite how amazing and incredible it is. How it's such a ridiculous technical marvel with the most incredible depth in an RTS to date.It's because just like Dwarf Fortress, I know that if I send regular joes into this with that impression, they'll just come out loathing it due to the sheer incredulous difficulty that comes with it. It makes TA: Spring or Forged Alliance look like Baby's First RTS. It makes Starcraft 2 look like a kid's show. It's like someone took the time to kill from modern FPSs and threw them into a super hardcore RTS so your hour long plans can get wiped out in five seconds. It's actually somewhere along the lines of Men of War, but with 10x the unit diversity.This game is only just slightly under games like Dwarf Fortress and Aurora in terms of difficulty to learn. But just like them, if you bother to actually learn all its intricacies... you will be rewarded with something truly magnificent.You'll still get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked though. All the time. Also the subreddit and forums are full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and nothing helpful plus all the guides are outdated so don't expect anyone to hold your hand.---------By the by, you don't actually need any of the nation DLC. Maybe get them if you like the countries but other than that they're not required to be competitive at the game. I have 118 hours in Red Dragon and I don't even have a single one of the DLCs. Never felt like I needed them, though they are fun and extensive."
,Recommended,251060,30740192,Posted: 25 March,all,Telomerase,"This game took a while for me not to suck at it.Key lesson: If you don't utilise the advantages of each unit, they will die quickly and you will lose.In a nutshell: This is a real time tactical game with over HUNDREDS of real world units to choose from. It is the perfect sandbox to employ modern millitary doctrine with said units to kill the enemy. The way you would build a British Army is different to how you would build a USSR army. How you use soviet infantry is differnt to how you would use US marines. Soviet helicopters are different to the US helicopters. The key to this game is building a deck that is optimal for your tactics, and understanding your units pros/cons.If you are unsure the nature of this game - watch some pro replays and see how the macro/micro mechanics of this RTS works. It is quite unique. TO ease into it I recommend playing some solo skirmishes before playing some 4v4 online battles.One of the most satisfying games to learn to play, with a competative multiplayer community. As an RTS fan, this is one of the deepest games out there that has captured my attention.If you are looking to get into some deep strategy with a steep learning curve: Red dragon will reward you."
76561197976940267,Recommended,251060,24043476,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Craigie,"Longtime Wargame player, the desk system in this version is perfect. Naval Warfare is not really up to scratch but its such a small part of the game not to really affect anything too much. Land battles seems much more balanced than previuous versions. Campaign mode is tough but beatable.Great end to the series if it is."
76561198094796357,Recommended,251060,34377031,Posted: 20 August,all,The Real Potato.jpg,"Enemy breaks through friendly lines.Half the team surrenders.(not even playing as france, ikr)Rest of game ends up being 4 v 10.Rest of team surrenders because, no thanks.Conclusion: community is cancer, Eugen please fix.7/10 would recommend(Aside from that it really is a great game, just needs a breath of new life is all)"
,Recommended,251060,12706144,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,【❢HAMA❢】,"if you like strategy and sh#it like that than this is the best game you will ever find,they cared so much about detailsso worth the price"
,Recommended,251060,34074292,Posted: 6 August,all,Råb!d,"The game itself is great.  That's the ONLY reason I'm giving it a thumbs up.Unfortunately, there is clear cheating and stacking of teams.  It ruins the game.The developers supposedly made it very easy to cheat, since every player is sent the same data.  That's one of the ways people cheat.  The other is using alts, playing one side, while using the alt as a ""player"" on the other team.  Another sad example of how cheaters ruin these games."
76561198004272807,Recommended,251060,35229291,Posted: 26 September,all,ReveNant.-,"Never thought that it would be that good...it's really challenging and even on easy pretty hard, but if you keep it up you slowly get better and with that the fun rises exponentially...:) really have to say I'm very very pleased with it :) Recommend it !"
76561198025897448,Recommended,251060,9840452,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,J2 Ninja,Build/Kill without the build. What more do you want
76561198038913160,Recommended,251060,11528592,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,petermzwrao,Love the Hong Kong battle!  Be pleased to inform Her Majesty that the White Ensign flies alongside the Union Jack in Hong Kong. God save the Queen! LOL
,Recommended,251060,11668733,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,venezuelan gold farmer,BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NAO
76561198073407707,Recommended,251060,15898552,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Michael Freaking Cera,"Pros :This game is a very advanced strategy game set in and around the fall of the Soviet Union. Unlike other modern strategy games you aren't just looking at a black and blue map seeing missiles being dashed across the board and that's the most combat that the game ever witnesses. Wargame : Red Dragon allows you to enter the battlefield and control your units down to a single soldier. In the Air, on land and wait for it... sea. There are many powerful western and eastern countries to play that you might not expect in a video games when it's usually just US/UK against USSR. Countries like Canada and Denmark or even North and South Korea. This game offers so much with its many maps for multiplayer or singleplayer battles. Very fun Strategy gameCons :Personally. I found it very difficult to learn how to play. It's not like minesweeper where you just mess around and figure out the basics in five minutes. It takes time and even now there are still new controls and options I find out about.Other than the learning curve the only other issue I had with the game is in a multiplayer game if you, your teammate or your opponent are having bad internet connection and constantly hopping in and out of connection it pauses the game until you reconnect as opposed to having you fight against a blind General. As fair as this is to the other team it does make it hard to play a match when someone is disconnecting literally every 10 seconds. As well, after you disconnect you are given 30 seconds to reconnect and if you don't you are kicked from the game and your forces are then given to one of your allies which this could really go into the pros stage because it doesn't just make a game go from bad to great  right away if you're being destroyed by the guy with bad internet. It keeps it fair."
,Not Recommended,251060,26152091,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Mondale,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR SINGLE PLAYER, the AI difficulty is ridiculous.  Instead of each difficulty changing the way the AI chooses its tactical decisions, it gives the AI MASSIVE discounts on its units, effectively turning any match into a 1 unit type spam fest.  Every time I try to play, no matter what tactics I use, whether it be a tank blitzkrieg or a guerilla war, the results are always the same: the sky is blackened by the sight of dozens of attack choppers, or an entire wall of tanks.  The AI makes very little tactical plays and relies on simply zerging you down by out-pacing you with units to an ungodly level.  I've played the multiplayer and this doesn't seem to be an issue and focuses on strategy, rather than the bologna that is its single-player."
76561198113246406,Recommended,251060,9967022,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Dracula 834,Geat game! It is my first game of the Wargame series and I'm having so much fun. It is a must have for people who are interested in post WW2 military and wars.
,Recommended,251060,9823225,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,˙SibirskiyVolk,Prepare your FOB!If you know what i mean.
76561198011080667,Recommended,251060,9464665,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Helljumper,"if you want to see how battles are fought on a larger scale and how combine arms work then you should definitely try the wargame series. Wargame Red Dragon bring about the long awaited Naval units to the battlefield which opens up a new era of fighting. no other game has been able to bring all three (land, air and naval) on to a single battlefield."
76561198066666130,Recommended,251060,12502001,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Xaotic,"The best RTS. 11/10If you like modern vehicles used in a strategy game, its the best ever"
,Recommended,251060,9966714,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Mandalorian,"Well designed, but has a pretty steep learning curve."
,Recommended,251060,31479700,Posted: 30 April,all,fuck,I mean it's alright
76561197968225215,Recommended,251060,9558190,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,The Zoo,Great game that supports Tactical & Strategic play. Probably the ultimate RTS game - designing and deploying a modern ultra realistc military force to engage in battle on massive fields of war - it does not get better than this! Perfects everything that was in Airland and expands on it. Must buy/play.
,Recommended,251060,32413930,Posted: 14 June,all,TAW | PANTHER,"I cannot find anybody to play with and against at my level, and I am not pro but I am not noob either I am something in between, there are 100-150 people plays it tops  daily peak this is and they are either hardcore pro's or they don't have an idea what they are doing. If developers would do something to increase the player pool for this game then it is a great game, don't get me wrong it is already a good game and most realistic military rts game I ever played but like I said there is nobody to play with you either get screwed by pro's or crush the noobs. Teams can never be balanced because there is not enough people playing it or multiplayer concept needs to be changed completely in order to gain some re-play ability for this game. EUGEN SYSTEMS PLEASE DO SOMETHING GOOD ABOUT THIS MULTIPLAYER, either remove the lobby creating ability from players ( just like it happens in Company of heroes 2) or do something else in order to bring balance for the teams in multiplayer. I really wan't to play this game but the downside's are too much and it keeps me from even starting the game. This game has the most realistic capabilities in a RTS style military cold war era and before game but it lacks the blood of any game ""players"" I am gonna give this game recommended but I wish they update this game more frequently, because it is dying."
76561198036738977,Recommended,251060,9905496,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Grathew,"Wargame Red Dragon is simply one of the best Real Time Stratigy games I have ever played. However I can tell you that it is not for all RTS players. If you like building  your massive inpenrtable bace, defened by automated turrets. Sorry but there isn't any bace building in this game. If you like having one or two sets of units wipe entire forces ten or twelve times as numerous. Again that isn't possable, because just like in real life one can only carry so much ammo and once it is out you have to go get more. Also with tanks, trucks, helicopters and transports having limited range and use up their fuel supplies that is also something you have to keep an eye on.However even if you are put off by all of that added ""realisem"" (remember it's a game, not a simulation so somethings aren't all that true to real life like the scale of maps and ranges of weapons for example) I would recomend you try it. If you are good at micormangement or macromanagement then this game will have a place for you. The single player campains are well scripted and interesting to play, although I would say that the AI could use some work when it comes to attacking/defending with singular type forces.As for multiplayer some people are amazingly good, however it doesn't take too long to become good enough to enjoy the game while being able to help your team. But as with every multiplayer game if you end up on a team (should you want to play on a team as you can do 1v1 if you desire) who has rocks for brains where as you are playing against some fivestar armchair geneails don't worry if you cannot carry the entire match. Also many of the very good players have reliced theory guides or have posted youtube videos showcasing what they do to win matches and generaily if you watch the replay of a game you lost or won you can usualy come up with the reasons why that happened. Which is one of the best features of this game in my mind, if you loose horably because of a break through attack on one flank that you weren't watching close enough or the player in that sector was unable to defete it you can see why they were able to beat youIf you are sold now, please note that the game curently has some flaws, for example some nations do not have any upgraded infentry, where as most of the others have a basic pre 1980 form of infentry than a upgraded infentry from 1985 or 1990 with better eqipment and access to more advanced transports. However it has been confermed by the developers that some of the first DLC (which would suprise me if it cost you anything) releases will address this problem.That last paragraph has been mostly delt with, with the release of The Milionth Mile most (but not all) of the nations have had an infentry upgrade option added. Also added were land based anti ship missile systems."
,Not Recommended,251060,26317214,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,valk,"TL;DR: It could be the best real-time strategy game ever released, but it is just game which has so much lost potential.So, what's the story. When you starting this game for the first time your reaction is ""Wow! A lot of units! A lot of paremeters! A lot of different armies!"" Yeah, but... It is not super-realistic or thought-out game as it seems to be at the first glance. This game trying to be realistic sometimes, here is no tanks shooting each other on 30 meters like in CoH or whatever, but a lot of things are sacrificed to ""balance"" and it doesn't make game balance better. If you think that you can get multiple different experiences playing different types of armies, you are wrong. There is a few optimal choices while most of armies unable to achieve anything but hurt you.Eugen made the basic parts of the game long time ago. And they did really good job! But they stopped driving this game to make it better. Currently, only one guy is continuing to work on this game and oh man... that would be better if they stopped touching this game. That guy doesn't even play his game or play it very occasionally on very low level. It seems like once a quarter he's drinking something, opens excel file and doing balance changes randomly. Today german regular infantry dominate over against anything, tomorrow they are not even usable. Today Eastern Block and Commonwealth are the worst, tomorrow they are the best. Why? Because f*** you, players, that's why.Pros- Unique gameplay;- Decent replayability;- Decent number of strategies and tactics (but it's gotten repetitive and formularic at this point);- Matchmaking and rating system for 1v1.Cons- Poor support;- Poor balance (in multiple acpests, not just between Red and Blue forces);- A lot of mechanics that should be in the game are missing;- Lack of content (like online campaign, different game modes, different theatres, etc);- No map-generator or map-editor and existing maps are mediocre;- No matchmaking for team games + smallish community size = lobby sim;- Huge amount of minor faults (some of them are not very ""minor"").So, playing this game is a quite specific experience. It is fun to play through the first time and explore the game, but once you have gotten experienced enough there is nothing to catch up to here. It is too unfinished to play it competitively and too complicated and noob unfriendly to play it casually. I wouldn't recommend to waste your time on it."
,Recommended,251060,14421810,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,+52 Echo9k,"Im not a fan of RTS game but Wargame has everything to be fun and realistic¨at the same time so you end up loving messing your great strategy because you forget resuply your units, or tell the spec ops squad to hold fire.Also there is morale, veterancy, supplies, recon, and many ways to secure victory. While stays simple... well, perhaps  a little, just dont try to play like in other game like Star Craft."
76561197972521329,Recommended,251060,16141863,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Puppy_Kicker,"FINALLY a developer that can put a scale map and fighter jets in a believable RTS environment.- Jets are awesome- The game is challenging- REALLY CHALLENGINGIf spelling tests make you sweat, i would stay away from this game10/10"
76561198019543617,Recommended,251060,15661772,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,GEM,"Lots of unit types, need to think about cover/terrain/supply, great skirmish play, good graphics.AND you get to play countries like Australia and Canada.9/10Only gripe - naval combat a little underwhelming."
76561198263036198,Recommended,251060,20442034,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,76561198263036198,"Brief ReviewRed Dragon – takes the action from Europe to the China Sea, where old favourites like the UK, USSR and the Eastern Block duke it out against China, Taiwan and North/South Korea. The big feature for this game is the inclusion of Naval Units, and new maps to reflect this new area of battlePros and ConsProsPrettyCan Be RewardingConsVery ChallengingVery Steep Learning CurveAI Are Too Strong (At least for me! I'm yet to win a game)Decent CampaignAn EndingIf you’re a fan of the series, you’ve probably already bought the game before you even read this review. It’s more of the same, but better, which was to be expected"
76561198010969180,Recommended,251060,29229993,Posted: 13 January,all,DerHerrgott,"I'm not generally a big RTS player, but this game has such depth (and a steep learning curve) that it has sucked me in. Great fun to plan out and build decks around a strategy or style of play you have in mind. I much prefer this style of game, in which you call in and deploy units, to the type of RTS games where you have to build and manage a base.If you're on the fence about it, there's no question that you should pick it up next time it goes on a $10 sale-- that is an absolute steal. I'm also glad I picked up the DLC nations as they are all fun to play and tinker with."
76561198086604794,Recommended,251060,11466018,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Sanguinius,"It is a Real time strategy game, just so we are clear.At first, I believed that I made a mistake and that this game was going to be awful. I. Was. Wrong. This game is off my charts on the epic factor, I mean, just check out my screenshots. For a cold war based game, everything was accurate for the time period and has many different armies and alliances to choose from. The ""Deck builder"" army creation is easily mastered and allows for thousands of different combinations.The combat is breathtaking, even though the AI gets an advantage on more occasions than one, it is one of the best combat simulations I have experienced. The different camera POV system allows for both tactical and cinematic views giving the player the feel of being a general and a soldier in the field.If you're a serious RTS guy or gal who loves to cause utter annhilation to your enemies with over a thousand different ways of doing it all while in a beautiful enviroment, then look no further, you found your game."
76561197982020145,Recommended,251060,10903556,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Richard,"Picture a sexy multi ethnic group orgy where you have girls from Poland, Norway, Sweden, France, America, Japan, South Korea, Australia/New Zealand, China etc etc .... Where you are the only guy and they are all drooling for you to come and jump in. This game is what it is. They all play good, look good and just feel fantastic. You don't know where to start so you jump on your back and wait to see which girl feels good for you to play with.BUT there is that one girl, who looks slightly retard and walks with a limp (the ships). You don't know if you should do anything because its slightly weird but you have to try it and see. You leave slightly disgusted and feeling weird because you don't know what just happened.Land maps are great while Sea combat is just painful and lame. Do buy for all the other girls, don't let that slightly weird chick in the group let this great opportunity slide by!"
76561198129640167,Recommended,251060,24356294,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Blue Embers,"First, if you enjoy RTS games, this is one you will definitely enjoy whether you like campaigns or multiplayer.The first most important things in regard to first playing is that there is a learning curve, and its pretty steep. For many, few games offer the dynamics or air and land comat with the lethality and speed that WG does, and remains blanced and fair. That boils down towards, if you want a game that is slower paced, it may not be for you,Having over 400 hours, i can say i am well acquainted with the pors and cons of the games design, and firstly i'd want to ring up the campaigns. There is a few scnearies with the last two being expansive and very long. Theyre great and ultimately they turn out the way you craft your forces to tackle the problem. Every time you play it, it ill turn out somewhat differantly which makes the games replayability remarkable. The downside is that the game compensates the poor intelligence of the AI with spam, and that spam is typically utilizing superior units, and those you can match are hard to replace when lost. it's incredibly easy to lose and unfortunately i've had to reload previous saves in order to actually win. The end result overall is still a great experience well worth your money alone.Second is the multiplayer. The multiplayer is similar to the campaign with its owns ups and downs. The first most obvious and great thing is your ability to hand craft your pre-set battle group or ""deck"". It allows you to play however you choose. It again requires a degree of understanding the game. When that is reached though, the creative and dynamic limits are only limited by you. This paired with other players doing the same leads to games where the outcomes are wildly varied. This is where the game really is worth your money. It is the reason why i can comeback time and again over games like Fallout 4 and other titles that are immedialtely boring after only a single playthrough.There are huge negatives which i Eugen needs to address though. The first is lobby stacking. The greatest problem that turns me away is the ability for experienced players to simply stack into one side of the team and wait for the lobby to fill up essentially gauranteeing a win. This is literally game breaking, and anyone new to the game will immediately realize after a dozen loses that the game is against them. It is a terrible and unfair system and isnt fun. If this wasnt an issue, the game would easily be a 9 out of 10,Everything altogether though, this game is brilliantly designed and encourages varied strategies and dynamic mindsets to counter and succeed against real people or computer AI's. Aside from its quirks, its well worth your money."
,Recommended,251060,33665204,Posted: 19 July,all,RedRapture,"The game is a well made game. It's very pretty, battles can get very intense, and there are tactics you need to learn in order to survive in the game. The maps are well designed and the campaigns have believable stories behind them. The community also isn't as bad as communities in other games. There's a good deal of military and political talk in chat, but mostly it remains civil. All in all, it's a good game that has more good than bad, so I can recommend it. However, there are several things lacking...- The economy for unit summoning is out of whack for the stated goal of ultra realism (Abrams, I'm looking at you). American and Soviet units cost the most to deploy on the battlefield, an attempt by the developers to not have the game dominated by those two armies. However, the time period WAS dominated by those two armies, and they had the capability to deploy their best units (M1A1 and A2 Abrams tanks, T90's, F-15's and 16's, MiG 29's) in vast quantities. This simply is not represented well in the game's battles. You can do better as North Korea than you can as the Soviet Union because of this. That being said, I've had some AWESOME battles where it's, say, Israel and France against China and North Korea.- The AI is not programmed well. In fact, it's programmed like AI were programmed back in the early 2000's. It knows exactly where your units are down to the last soldier. As soon as you fire upon it, all your forces are immediately 'visible' to the AI, even if they wouldn't be to a player, and attacked overwhelmingly. The AI acts like a player using hacks to see all your units and give itself infinite resources. Harder difficulty levels don't mean more advanced algorithms are used. No, harder difficulty levels mean more buffs for resources and unit stats for the AI.- There's no taking into account some of the superior technological strengths of either side. Units are balanced for a more arcadey feel. For example, NATO tanks have thermal optics that allowed them to see through smokescreens at the time represented in this game. However, because the Soviets did not have this tech, the tech is not represented in game.- Aircraft performance is still completely idiotic. For example, the aircraft do not naturally try to evade a missile on their own when fired upon, as a real piloted aircraft would regardless of what orders you give. And ground attack fighters armed with specialized anti-tank weapons will abandon the battlefield too early (A-10, I'm looking at you). THey'll expend their missiles then break off and RTB without using their anti-tank gatling guns. And, going into anti-air, you will NOT see any dogfights. The jets do not go to engage each other and enter into spectacular dogfights. No, they fire their long range missiles, and once those are dry, they strafe at each other. Think ye olde knights in a jousting tournament.Despite these flaws, it is a fun game, especially when you play it with friends, once you figure out how to actually succeed."
76561198035661710,Recommended,251060,11929952,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Steel Talons,"Red Dragon is phenomenal despite a lackluster naval aspect. The dedicated ground combat is mixed with aircraft dropping ordance and firing off MRAAM's off at each other. It is fast paced with a bit of turtle mixed in. Like it or hate it, you will eventually work out your own strategy based on a deck you have created from the near 1600 units in-game. There are no games like this.If you want a game with your favorite combat vehicles and aircraft, then this game is for you.*The learning curve is STEEP - beware."
,Recommended,251060,10172857,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,BigLowell,"This by far is the best game series I have ever played in my entire life.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for an extremely enjoyable RTS, that you can get into right away and lose your social life. I plan on hitting 1000 hours in this game and I am going to buy the next RTS series Eugen comes out with.I give this game a 10/10. Would Bang."
76561198066342428,Recommended,251060,11459193,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Clean,Best Game In Time!
76561198091547400,Recommended,251060,9856187,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Lynch48,The perfection of all wargames series 9.5/10
,Recommended,251060,11132207,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[WOLF]Blademaster,"I recommend this game, but there are lot of disclaimers to note:1. There is a STEEP learning curve to the game, and there isn't a good tutorial in-game.2. While there are a few good guys who don't mind helping out a noob, the vast majority of the community will view you as prey to get an easy win. Proof? Create a multiplayer game, title it noobs only, the first 3 people will be level 15+, and won't even apologize that they tried to take advantage of you being a beginner for an easy win.3. Lots of battles are won or lost within the first 5 mins. These are 20 minute battles, mind, so there's a good chance that you will be on cruise control for 15 minutes of it.4. Artillery units are overpowered as of now, and matches could boil down to people just shelling the crap out of each other for 10 mins.Now why do I recommend the game?1. There's no other game like it. It is like Total War on steroids, every unit has a counter-unit...It is the very basis of strategic thinking.2. Once you get over the big hump of learning the game, it is quite a lot of fun...unless you match up with one of the vast number of people who are diehard followers of the game and know every key-binding and inch of the map in the back of their head.3. There is a HUGE amount of units to select, granted some may be the exact same (but made available for different countries) but in general, you can browse through each unit with a very detailed model to boot for a while.4. Like I mentioned, there are hidden gems in the community, and some of them have written up some very comprehensive guides for the game. Whether you want to read through a 200 and 180 page guide for a game is a whole different question altogether though."
76561198323465640,Recommended,251060,31770265,Posted: 15 May,all,Commissar Lord Bernn,"Great game, very balanced.Everything dies so quickly makes the game more challenging than most.Strongly recommend."
76561198014557845,Recommended,251060,10015385,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,F35,"If you like conducting counter battery fire,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥enemy armor with choppers, calling napalm strikes or commanding armor assults, this is your game! The campaigns (even though they are sometimes political nonsense) are well designed and if you are new to RTS you may find the AI in this game to be a bit hard YET it is still very very fun to play.For me this game is a solid 8/10 so get it now!!!!"
,Recommended,251060,9902208,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Blaster,Best RTS
,Recommended,251060,18708227,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,conscripted nig,you send vehicles and men to fight and they diepretty realistic game
76561198043697188,Recommended,251060,30326468,Posted: 4 March,all,M00NSH0T,"I only discovered the Wargame franchise this week due to the sale.  I can't believe this one slipped under my radar.I'd say of all the RTS games I've played over the last few decades, the one this is closest to is World in Conflict.  However, there are way more units, and the high level campaign is really well done.  It's like a game of chess, even more so than in any Total War game I've played, since you don't have an economy / research you can lean on to stack the odds in your favor.  It's all about how you set up the board.  You can recruit new units, but there are only one of each type in the end that can be used on the map.  The name ""Wargame"" isn't just a cool sounding title; it's very, very apt.The simplified rock, paper, scissors approach of traditional RTS (i.e. calvary beat archers who beat infantry who beat calvary) is greatly enhanced by the variety of real-world units.  You'd need a lost more nouns than rock, paper and scissors to make that metaphor apply here.  This game is very well done.A couple very minor gripes, mostly with lack of documentation on gameplay mechanics:1) the manual doesn't explain a whole lot.  I can't figure out of there's a way to issue complex movement commands (waypoints) like you can in every other RTS game.  Maybe shift right click works, but there's no clear indicator.2) What does R&R do?  Does that give you more command units?  I think there was a pop up somewhere that migth have told me, but I can't find that online, and it's not in the manual.3) How precisely does Line of Sight Work?  How far from the edge of the woods does you scout need to be?  Do you need to zoom into the scout to see what it sees?  Does it matter which direction it faces?  I frequently find my scout units fail to find targets I would think they should see."
,Recommended,251060,22245892,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The W:RD Noob,"Tank can't see ship 50m in front of it because the ship is French. When the tank finally sees it, he shoots a tank round but misses because French. The ship then destroys tank with HE shells.10/10, would La Feyette again."
,Recommended,251060,28255362,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,EagleOfDeath15,"For Queen and Country, Commander! You've got battles to win for an endless war with other players alongside your comrades!I loved playing Wargame: European Escalation and Airland Battle. Red Dragon is the third instalment of the Wargame series. It brings in more immersive factors and other unprecedented aspects than ever before never seen in other RTS games.If you love strategy, if you love to challenge yourself, if you want to see the closest realism of real-life warfare in every way possible, then this game is for you!Dominate the skies, the sea and the air. The battlefield is yours for the taking."
,Recommended,251060,23750418,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Solutions,Helo rush your way to Field Marshal! 10/10
,Recommended,251060,21485420,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,IC,"Норм аркадка под пивас, рекомендую всем, кто хочет просто и незатейливо покатать танчики по полю."
,Recommended,251060,9917559,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Sergape Gorillakhev,"The single best strategy game out there, even with its failings."
,Recommended,251060,23238578,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,cameron,"this game is good as far as grognard games go, but it also has the very distinctive quality of its community annoying anyone whose a normal human being and discouraging anyone from playing mp because of how childish they act."
76561198059897417,Recommended,251060,13024057,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,kutrovsky,The best military RTS game I've played to date. Really cool game. Takes a bit of time to get into - but once in - really really cool game.
,Recommended,251060,14422931,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,☆guardian# its a brain problem,best RTS everbut I payed 40 $ :'(  and should wait to pay 10$ now :vwhat everbuy it cause it's greatand ... USA and nato units are in somme how always winners -_- and that's make it harder for soviet players like mebut the game is great
,Recommended,251060,28036950,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ijo Ireng,This is my best game strategy
76561198025350355,Recommended,251060,13170117,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mr. Whiskers,I don't get it.
,Recommended,251060,14186613,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Mazer Master,Cold Warrior paradise.
76561198030742019,Recommended,251060,19268067,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sir Mighty Luke,"Okay, I am not objective coz it is my favourite game.As all games have its ups and downs, pro and cons but it can be highly adjective and I do simply love it.Great job by eugen team, including great support and free DLC policy - very rare in those days.Game is very realistic and can get ur whole attection for long time. Never boring.Never 2 same games, mssive replay potential. So may variations. Big choice of units and always can find something sweet.Very few ""OP"" units.Match maker can be an issue and very steep learning curve. Be patient coz if you will rush in to the game game will kick you back very badly. Be patient and learn, check replays from your victories and failures. And most important is TEAMWORK.Play against AI is pleasant but not very challanging and simply completly different than against human players.Keeping that in mind, if you are good vs AI that do not mean you will be any good vs human players!Still strongly recomend, and if some one is new in the game very happy to give some advice and help."
76561198018699886,Recommended,251060,12111204,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,A Very Displeased Bird,I called arty on the enemys who were in a cityMy friends units all moved in at the same timeFriendly fire is always enabledAlso don't use arty at all everI drained 7 FOB's in the space of 5 minutes with a hoard of howitzers10/10I am a prick and no one wants to play with me
,Recommended,251060,11989351,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Ron Wilson - Bus Driver,"*Reading tutorials**Launches ""Rules"" tutorial**Reading morale section*""Fighting units have a morale level that affects their effectiveness in battle.Weapons can inflict two types of damage-Physical damage that reduces targets life points-Stress damage that causes the units to panickcauses the units to panickPANICK?I'm pretty sure panic doesn't have a ""k""10/10"
76561198038295323,Recommended,251060,15165093,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Scylla,"This is the best RTS series ever, if you're a huge military buff then this game is for you."
76561198095784772,Recommended,251060,9871808,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,petri.piira,"Old review:""Still missing Linux support. :-(Might be a good game, like ALB and EE were, but no way of knowing that.(Unless I would bother to dual boot windows regularly to play this - clearly an unreasonable demand.)Cannot recommend this while it can't be played without extreme measures.""New review: Now has Linux support. Changed to recommended."
,Recommended,251060,14424949,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Gud_speeD/emosqual86,"For me this game is 1 of the best RTS game out there, having 1400+ units and so much faction's your really thingk your a real commander on a real battle field commanding land,air and sea will make you put on thei edged of you seat :)For a game like this you would with a low price game (#1 best RTS out their) and free DLC(not like other RTS charge for a DLC and still not satisfied)i rate this 9.5/10 because thier is still some bugs on the game and thier still lope hole for some cheaters/hackers i see on the game. HAVE FUN GUYS :)"
76561198034831597,Recommended,251060,22246030,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ColonelKwl,"Never rated a game. Tend to keep the goodies to myself.But THIS.......Words are kinda beyond me.To put it simple, you can buy it in FULL PRICE and wish you had paid more - the sheer hallucination that they're taking the premium you paid to develop the next game or dlc will keep you optimistic for EVERYTHING ELSE IN LIFE.- It comes with a pack of 3 games: Multiplayer, Warchat, and Reading the Steam Reviews (which I am adding to).- Multiplayer = everything you dreamt or imagined about the Arms Race that should happen but didn't happen - EVERYTHING, I mean it, execpt the part about the nukes.- Warchat, best chat room ever, takes you back to the Cold War when all kinds of ideologists and extremists - Leftists, Rightists, Communists, Jihadists, Imperialists, Fascists, Nationalists, Racists, Sexists (WTF?)... discuss how they wipe one another out IN REAL LIFE.- Play single-player and AI-skirmishes as ""tower-defense"" and achieve a kill/death ratio > 100:1.- Play single-player as a tutorial before playing multi-player and witness the ratio getting reversed...for a long time.- Beginners plz don't start by choosing a ""support deck""......or your house will get torn down by an elephant.- Rock cissor paper/ Heli Tank AA/ Grenade luncher rules all infantry.- Patience. Grow up and learn not to quit when having a hard time. When you do, you leave all the♥♥♥♥♥♥you summoned to ONE OF your poor teammates on the OTHER SIDE OF THE MAP. Unable to manage, he quits, leaving all the♥♥♥♥♥♥to the next guy......GG in 5 min.Last but not least, I'll tell you a joke: Act of Aggression."
,Recommended,251060,10443471,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,DJ Street Love,"Massive scale modern military battles. One of the best RTS titles I've plalyed. Tactically intensive, but fun all at the same time. I'd highly reccommend it."
,Recommended,251060,30365832,Posted: 6 March,all,mikaele,"Amazing game, most detailed RTS I've played.  Don't be discouraged by the steep learning curve, watch some YouTube tutorials and once you learn it you'll be addicted."
76561197998432093,Recommended,251060,14828891,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Siegmund,Great Game Takes a Little While to learn really cool to make decks for different countries and If you Like RTS Games This is an Amazing game 9/10 REALLY DO RECOMMEND!!!
76561198041379011,Recommended,251060,25875486,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[Cyan] Din,"Great tactical game where you have to manage your units well if you don't want them to die. You can create your own army out of a list of units given to you depending on what nation/coalition you choose. Does not have any kind of basebuilding, so if you enjoy that the most in other strategy games this might not be for you"
,Recommended,251060,29372809,Posted: 20 January,all,oygn,War changes
76561197970629621,Recommended,251060,29544394,Posted: 28 January,all,Sitting Bulldozer,"Very realistic, good game. Steep learning curve but once your over it your stuck:)Unlike any other  strategy game i ever played.Definetly recommended"
,Recommended,251060,14713270,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,EpIKmOnKEy98,I really thought North Korean weapons would fall apart when fired
,Recommended,251060,15222534,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dahl,"This is quite possibly my favorite game of all-time. The game is an RTS in the same sense as the latest C&C4 (No real Base-building) Except it doesn't arbitrarily limit the number of units you can have. Maps are gigantic, battles are huge, and there are some aspects of it that everyone just loves. That being said, there are a few limitations that might drive some away. I'll address them below.Good:-Battles are gigantic-Amazing variety of Units-Free DLC-Large Map Replayability-Wide variety of countries available-Land, Air, and Sea combat-Immense experimentation possible-Challenging Campaigns-Multiplayer battles (TO THE MAX)Bad:-Sea is kind of half-baked and does not work realistically-Otomatic was never sold to Denmark (Hehe)-NO GOOD TUTORIAL!!!!I know a lot of people complain about this one, but to be honest there's really nothing there! The in-game tutorial explains what each value means, but it never really explains how to play the game well. Many people just come in without any knowledge whatsoever and pick units arbitrarily. It requires some pretty intensive effort from experienced players (Like myself) to actually help these new guys and give them a hand. There are plenty of resources available for them on steam, but it's not always obvious where to find these.-Planes are unrealistic as well-SPAAG ground range is arbitrarily set at 1050m (Except for otomatic which is 2100, down from 2275)-Tank Range maxxes out at 2275M (for no real reason)-Ships don't fire KE/AP Rounds!!! (like they do IRL!)Overall, I absolutely adore this game. The dings I gave it above are things most regular players won't care about or really notice. If you like RTS, you couldn't go wrong with purchasing this game and having a blast. Please read the tutorials after you do, and check out a guide or two! If you're still confused, ask someone like me who knows how to play the game well for advice! We're happy to train you new guys!"
,Recommended,251060,14843319,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,thegreathah,"Another fantastic Wargame to add to my collection. Naval battles are especially exciting as they are new and fun, but they really lack units. There are very few large ships to choose from and they seem to neglect many ships that were being used in the 1980's-90's; namely the Ticonderoga class and the Arleigh-Burke class in the US. That being said it is still extremely exciting to sneek some smaller patrol boats up rivers and take out enemy cammand vehicles and tanks. The land units are absolutely amazing. There is a huge range of vehicles, tanks, and infantry. They have put more importance on having specific infantry units than ever before. There are still some of those same annoyences with tanks sitting in the middle of a field staring at clearly seen enemy and not shooting or moving. Overall this game is great, and is a good step from the previous two titles.9/10"
,Recommended,251060,28546265,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,]Pure Blind[,"This game is a semi-realistic adverserial game for military nuts. There are thousands of year world military units from about two dozen playable real world nations. The online gameplay is fantastic, if complex and occasionally stressful. The graphics are in my opinion pretty amazing, the sound is fairly good and the maps are very large. The only downside to the game is the AI and singleplayer campaigns are very subpar and not worth mentioning, which is a big shame.Get this game if you enjoy: Multiplayer, military history, tactics, technology"
76561198145999889,Recommended,251060,28560041,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SMokemaster RealCs,"Never in my life have I sucked so bad playing a game with a difficulty of ""EASY""."
,Recommended,251060,22079026,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,boomernoob,War Game Red Dragon: one of the Best RTS games for realism  in multiplayer as soon as you start too lose everyone abandons you 10/10 Great Team work!!!
76561198036648136,Recommended,251060,26025135,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,heivanuif,"unique in the world in terms of detail, clearly alot of love and effort put into this game. Multiple free dlc over the years, still more coming, and its clearly not the kind that was torn out of the game just before release. The community litterally voted on which nation would be available in the latest nation expansion pack! play as North Korea and tons of other nations from the cold war, all with voicing in their respective languages. buy it!!!!"
76561197975033672,Recommended,251060,26041408,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,sentri7,This was a really fun game and as you can see I poured a few hours into it. The only thing that is letting down the fans is the lack of campaigns and the fact modders can't create their own maps.
76561198055547667,Recommended,251060,12296426,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Prof.popacherry,I love it.
76561198121940535,Recommended,251060,13300984,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,People's Republic of Anzakistan,"Awesome game, very similar to airland battle but combat/tactics are changed due to the arrival of boats and D-day like beach landings. Highly recommended A+++"
76561198075112789,Recommended,251060,12310096,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,prohor.mak,Лушая игра в этом жанре и в этой серии!
,Recommended,251060,13468589,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,A.Johnson,"The BEST RTS in a very long time. Smart AI, great units, FRIGGIN NAVAL BATTLES, phenomanal graphics and game design. What else more could you ask for in a modern RTS game? Pick this game up while it's on sale!"
76561198046800965,Recommended,251060,9856684,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,ghhalley,"Wargamer: Red Dragon is the ultimate fast paced strategic wargame.  Words can not do it justice in its complexity, beauty, and sheer engagement.  Anyone who likes wargames has to buy it."
76561198057296002,Recommended,251060,10403205,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Ataka,"simply the best with no competition , no other RTS  game is even close to the wargame series"
76561198037678094,Recommended,251060,11376618,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Marcosuave,"I very Much Liked the changes to the Campaigns, and the new units.  Naval Compbat became a bit of a letdown, since CWIS is great and non of the natural Counters are available.  Deckbuilding is stronger than ever. Excited for the DLC.All in All, I have thouroughly enjoyed all of the Wargame Series.  I know Art Imitates Life, so having an RTS that encourages more than just a rock-paper-scissors approach to beating someone is great.I Highly Recommend this game."
76561198126796378,Recommended,251060,23125655,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Panzerfanlol,"If you like cold-war games,You'll like this.If you like strat-games,You'll also like this.If you're like me, and you love Czech/Norway, Then you'll probably also like this.NORWAY WAS STRONK IN COLDWAR!"
76561197963144913,Recommended,251060,11410451,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Malfador,best Military RTS series out there
76561198061286579,Recommended,251060,9988121,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Field Marshall Carl,The next series in the wargame saga. i must say despite it's big talk it ain't as good as the 2 before. this game had lots of hype about it. yet i feel that it has been somewhat of a let down. besides the numerous issues i am having with this game i am still a fan of the wargame series. this game still is a must buy for the strategic person.
,Recommended,251060,29982539,Posted: 17 February,all,"Hello, i am Terrorist",i LOVE this game i played ruse back when it came out saw that this we done by the same company and the rest is history
,Recommended,251060,28166237,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Sunbeam,"Wargame: Red Dragon is 3rd game of the series and one of best RTS available right now.+ Good gameplay.+ Variety of nations: 17 in base game and additional 4 in DLC.+ Large variety of units with deck building system allowing to customize your play style.+ Decent visuals for large scale RTS and good performance even on older hardware.+ Replays- UI could have been better and more customisable.- Skirmish AI isn't that great.- Should come with more decks for AI instead of making player to make everything, however there is option to import decks that are made by other people.- Multiplayer community is full of rage quitters/leavers.* Not base building RTS* Multiplayer focused* Takes time to learn units and how to use them well. Game does provide armory where player can view every units characteristic."
,Recommended,251060,10906192,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Carl Hamilton,"I recommend this game because there isn't any compition to it.There is no other RTS which let's you play with this many units.Nor is there any RTS that deals with the cold war like this. If you play this game you will probably end up knowing a lot about military hardware from the cold war that you didn't know.That being said. There are some warnings to this game. Despite it being very unique, and still being worked on. I should point out a few things:1. Navy Is broken, don't get this game to play with ships, very little effort was put into them, and they do not function very well at all.2. All of the screenshots for this game on steam are fake. All of them, for example, Wheeled vehicles move faster on roads so in the screenshot where tracked and wheeled chinese AA units drive together, is litterally not possible in the game, since there is no fuction to make units move together at the same speed.3. There is no formation control at all. So if you want any formation you'll have to manage all your units one at a time.4. The game isn't particularly balanced, overall Western Forces has some huge advantages, they may not be obvious, but to competitive players they are blatant, hence why that 80% of competitive players play NATO. This has been the case since release and also in wargame ALB, so do not expect this to be fixed anytime soon, especially since the developer doesn't acknowledge overall balance concern raised by competitive players.5. This game has a lot of hidden statistics, some of the most imporant statistics are not displayed ingame, and in order to play the game efficiantly you HAVE to go on the forum, and do a lot of reading.Some pros to this now:1. Huge amount of units, you'll see how simplistic and silly, most games view on units are when claiming to be authentic.2. There are genuine differences in units, and they feel powerful mostly.3. The engine is pretty hardcore, unless you have litterally a thousand units on the map, this game runds extremely smooth in my oppinion.4. Despite the unbalances, the game has a lot of room for skill progression, if you have the wits for it, it's possible to be really good at this game, and in that case it doesn't matter what faction you play.5. If you are a nationalist this is probably the game of your wet dreams as you will be allowed to trash evil communists/capitalists with just about every land or air vehicle made in the Soviet Union, USA, western europe, east asia and oceania the past 40-50 years. Even as Denmark."
,Recommended,251060,13594547,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Brutal,Pros:Huge scaleHighly potential cybersport disciplineFun with friends and smart teammatesBig variety of tactics and unitsSeems to be historical accurate(as for US and USSR). Each side has a huge advance somewhere.Good communityCons:Singleplayer is dull and uselessNot so many playersToo many units: few guides could help youNaval warfare is♥♥♥♥♥♥and killing the game.I want more difference between sides. Unbalanced warfare is funLaggy serversSum:7/10 and 8/10 if you did not played previous Wargame -- Airland battle. Good game if you buy during the sale.
,Recommended,251060,9603606,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Niemand303,The best tactical RTS became more complex and thus more interesting. Totally recommend it to all milhistory fans.
,Recommended,251060,22173752,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,JackFredericks,Dropped out of school and quit my job for this game.
,Recommended,251060,14202003,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Pää Kii Paco,"Because who doesn't like hearing people talk about white burden, the ukrainian crisis, putin, jews, and socialism"
,Recommended,251060,9884371,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Dizzy,"10/10Over 1000 units to choose from, if you have a mind of a general you will love this. You have so many options on how you wish to engage your enemy. This game adds the Navy to this series and they did right. The battles look epic upclose and zoomed in. The game runs quickly, you can seriously start up a match under 3 minutes from clicking play to clicking launch in a skirmish. The campaign is alright and a good bonus to this awesome game. This game does have a very huge learning curve to be prepared to lose ALOT."
,Recommended,251060,31387717,Posted: 26 April,all,Mortu5™,Good game. Nice scaled graphics and video. All is rendered rather well. Gameplay is similar to a few others but is fun and full on. Great with multi player also.
,Recommended,251060,9875697,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Bae-koku Bokan,Its like ALB but with more units and more factions to have fun with. Also boats.
76561198079721624,Recommended,251060,31551479,Posted: 4 May,all,Spazztix,"Where to begin on this game? I suppose the best place is in the middle, it is fairly well balanced and extremely well detailed. Combat is intense, fast paced and decisive at times, than at others battles can grind on with neither side gaining momentum. Here you will take command of large armies, your strategy will largely be your own as few people play alike. What ever your play style, the tools of your enemies destruction lay at your finger tips. Now, this game does have its draw backs but depends largely on the person as the learning curve is steep and likely to deter the less determinded or those daughted by swift defeat. However if you can handle getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked for your first few dozen matches as you figure out how things are supposed to work you will find no peer in the RTS community in my opinion, you may find newer but I doubt you will honestly find better. To be fair, the community is relatively small due in large part to the fact that the game is fairly obscure compared to many more iconic titles, those that do play are often fairly helpful while not happily crushing you and your allies. In short, if you enjoy easy, and casual gameplay you may find this is not your thing. If, however you find yourself up for the challenge, be prepared to be humbled as your perfect your command skills."
76561198026091659,Recommended,251060,10595512,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Meh,"Good game, perfect for any RTS fan out there. Buy it :D"
,Recommended,251060,13823903,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,~ Sunset-Senpai ~,"This is a very hard game to understand and for some people-hard to get into. I can imagine a lot of people struggle because there is a lot to do, but that does not degrade the quality of such a masterpiece. This game really grew on me; especially when I realized the deep complexity of it.Strategy fans will adore this game, seeing as how even with its vast unit selection, you can create your own deck (your own armed forces regiment basically) and the game doesn't appear to have any major imbalances."
,Recommended,251060,10171823,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Winsley,"You can play as the Democratic People's Republic of Korea! Home of the Grorious Reader's Frying Airforce! Deer Reader! Read us to victory!Seriously though its bascially Airland Battle 2: Electric Boogaloo now with ""boats"" and 200% more Glorious Leader, buy it for the Glorious Leader stay for more of the Wargame you know and barely tolerate.I do reccommend it, but its only really good with friends or under gentleman's games with set rules."
,Recommended,251060,9833643,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,KeyLord,"I greatly anticipated this game for a long time, after falling deep in love with AirLand Battle. If you are a veteran RTS player, or never touched one in your life, or a military buff that has never even played a game, this game is really something for you.However, I will warn you now, that there is a large learning curve in the multiplayer. To compete against experienced players takes a lot of learning, as the massive selection of units, maps, and mechanics makes it an enormous task. This does not mean you can not have fun learning though! (read on..)In skirmish modes (Against the AI) You have the option to slow down and stop (as well as speed up) time to give you more time to give orders to your unitsThe deck mechanic is really what adds so much to this game. You can spend many hours (I have) browsing the armoury, analysing and comparing unit stats, adding them to your deck, checking out the amazing unit models, and then getting to take them to combat! With 1450 units in the game, there is an amazing feeling with finding that an understated unit is a beautiful performer - You can get very attached to them.The devs have really taken what was excellent about the two previous games, and then piled on more. There is plenty in this game for you."
76561198049390329,Recommended,251060,9683719,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Lort Mackan,"Have you ever wanted to pound stupid slavs with the Fury of Thors hammer Mjölner? Now you can! Remove kebab and chink ramen with swedish meatballs and danish pölse, GLORY TO SCANDINAVIA"
76561198082413204,Recommended,251060,9621551,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Bert2008,"So far this game has been totally amazing. 1,600 units, ranging from Hinds to HEMTT's, all with there pros and cons! Amazing aircraft, trustworthy tanks, inglorius infantry, and valiant vehicles make this game Amazing!!!!!"
76561197991993784,Recommended,251060,10493054,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Crisisk,"Extremly steep learning curve. Even as an experienced Airland Battle battle player, I find this game extremely hard and unforgiving.Noobs beware!But as a whole its still an epic game"
76561198008865688,Not Recommended,251060,10919241,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Napoleon Dynamite,"Wargame:Red Dragon not change anything too much from Air Land Battle. It just add some new units and Ship into the game include Naval map for Naval battle. Gameplay still the same as other Wargame Series. So this disappointed me because it cost  30$ to play few Naval map, Naval battle and boring campaign. From this point i can't say its not good at all but its not worth your money on this price if you already own Air Land Battle. When i said gameplay not change thats mean it still hard for new player, you need a lot of time to learn and enjoyable this game. If you are someone who looking for really strategy game that require plans and tactics (Micro a lot of units as well), this game is for you. But as i said before its still not worth you money if you already own AIr Land Battle. It's your money, It's your decision this just my opinion. Not recommend for who already own Air Land Battle except you can buy it in half of current game's price. Sorry for bad grammar though."
,Recommended,251060,17611833,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,No.,"Its a horrible slaughter for both sides but you relish in every second of it, you sick ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197971813326,Recommended,251060,10021182,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Jack Pott,"This is like no other RTS I've played, and such comes with a period of unlearning things you thought you knew about strategy games. This is much more real worldly and rewards cunning, not spamming. Playing my first game online (3v3) wasn't as intimidating as I thought, although there are plenty of pitfalls to catch you out if your deck is missing something important. This is the only way to learn."
,Recommended,251060,9558439,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Narcissistic Black,AMAZING...EUGEN some how managed to raise the bar higher then before...Great job.
76561198006919197,Recommended,251060,9841830,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Al Assad,"Another great wargame serie, This time with ships!"
,Recommended,251060,32099246,Posted: 31 May,all,iznotacat,there are no dragons :/
76561197995352441,Recommended,251060,9443821,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,PaxAmericana,"The beta is awesome. More maneuver than the attrition of Air Land Battle. So, since beta alone I'd play again, it gets my thumbs up!"
76561197999312447,Recommended,251060,22631728,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Dildo Baggins,Best lobby simulator I have ever played 10/10.
,Recommended,251060,10349047,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,sdrawkcab,"It's a great rts game,especially for it's grand scale.It already took on alot of content,which is plenty at this point,it did took a bit of detail and balance out of it but it's really great for what it is.+Memorable Vehicles+Music skay+Ground,Air and Sea Combat+It has a grand campaign at this point,somewhat-I already spent quite some budget on this due to the expansions that made it this fleshed but I need money quick at the moment of writing so I am sad about this.Overall Score:3/5  -2 more expansions and I'll boost it to 5/5"
76561198046934381,Recommended,251060,14163367,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Shekelstein Bagelwitz,t80u and leclerc spam :^)
,Recommended,251060,23948890,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kamikaze Velociraptor,"Huge learning curve and brutal community. Don't play this game like your other RTS games otherwise you'll get rekt in 10v10 matches. There are tactics in game but you need to understand every units job and just go off on the price and name of the unit. You're better off using cheap infantry with good IFVs than SF units with meh IFVs. Also beware of the redfor ship spam or tank spam in certain maps. Blufor loves to spam jets and helos; wait that's redfor as well. Blufor does love to spam you with f-14s and other high end jets. Armor wise NATO units beat out Warsaw pact units in accuracy and armor for their respective prices. To future buyers there will be three new nations to be added later this year. Those nations are Yugoslavia, Finland both will redfor and Israel for blu. Netherlands is a new nation and with really great unit loadouts. Its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the warsaw pact players.OH BY THE WAY THIS GAME IS FOR FREE WHILE YOU PAY FOR WARCHAT. PROTIP: ASK ABOUT THE F-35. YOU'LL BECOME THE POPULAR GUY IN THE CHAT. EVERYONE WILL GIVE YOU AN OPINION LIKE THEY'RE AN ENGINEER.666/10 WOULD DERAIL WARCHAT AGAIN."
76561197970890093,Recommended,251060,13399101,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,kibbl,"With over 100 hours clocked in online matches and i havent even hardly touched the campaign other than a few hours, i have to say i love this game!  The online is challenging but rewarding at the same time, being a huge fan of RTS's this has been doing an amazing job of satisfiying my craving for strategy until something else comes around :3 10/10! Bravo <3!Also, you can be Poland!!!Go Polska <3"
,Recommended,251060,23268651,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Nacht Ripper,"I love this company and this game. I have 'low' hours in this game because of a unit limit....Came over from RUSE (no unit limit)Pros:-Every unit under the sun-Bunch of nations-Makes a constant fun struggle to manage-Constant tactic changing-Feels more compact than any RTS i've played before-Fueling/Ammo impact is amazing! LOVE this concept-Naval/Land battles are fun-Different play styles for different peopleCons:-UNIT LIMITS (I know its part of the game to make you think...but i WANT massive battles including a disposable army lol)-Restrictions, wish you could play a certain nation at a certain year and go with what they have ready-NO UNIT LIMITS ON AI! (If i have one YOU have one...cheating AI !)-No settings for UNIT limits/Restrictions, be nice to have it for the players that want that option, if not you don't have to use it-Hunting down and trying to kill the LAST or what you hope to be the last remaining AI Command vehicle to end the round...often times, three people i play with are searching high and low, and in every corner of the map and we still can't find the game ending ai command vehicle, most of the time its an average of 30 mins. We hate time limits, so we never have one, sometimes thats the worse decision! lol"
76561198029657782,Recommended,251060,21796482,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sir Cancerlot,"+Unit diversity+Realism+not Starcraft+Important Macro, Still Heavy Micro+good Visuals-Destruction mode: who can Spam more Arty/Rockets-Hard to newcomer-Teammates surrender early if you begin to loose, taking away your chance for a comeback"
,Recommended,251060,10787363,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cannonfodder44,Probably one of the best games I have ever played. Air Ground and Sea all need to be ultilized to achieve victory.
,Recommended,251060,10455191,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,A Game of Crohns,"This game needs to be played solely for the global chat. I've always wanted to have racial debates with 14-year-old armchair generals, and this game gives me the chance!"
76561198007611182,Recommended,251060,10575713,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,They Call Me Doofus,"Grand RTS, a game which rewards the perfect combination combined arms warfare, It's not an easy game to jump right into, but with some practice and persistance, the game really comes together in multiplayer. Because the multiplayer is the main focus of this series, i would recomend either picking this up or 'airland battle' if your new to the series, however due to the community not being so mainstream, the player base in airland battle maybe low, Red dragon has a flurishing community however and definately a game worth your time."
76561198039798712,Recommended,251060,13342535,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Axe99,"Only played SP, so read this review for that, not for MP, but am a big fan.  It's the most fun I've had playing a Eugen game SP since RUSE, and a big step up from the mechanics-limited SP campaigns in European Escalation and AirLandBattle.  Great tactical play, enemy AI is interesting and keeps you on your toes, and varied and interesting maps.  Naval combat isn't terribly engaging, but there's no real need to play a lot of it, so it's no biggy.  Highly recommend it for people looking for a quality RTS :)."
76561197978792424,Recommended,251060,11756361,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Ryanpetrolhead,Best RTS on the market and it's availavle on Linux!
,Recommended,251060,12458743,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Choriburger,Very Good strategy-multiplayer game i recomend it 100%
,Recommended,251060,15957837,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Your Favorite Pizza Topping,"This game is a incredible combination of combat, graphics, and strategy. I highly recommend this game. It really makes you think. You cant just charge you have to know the capability of your unit and the capability of your opponents unit.tu es stultior quam meus asinus-Adolf Churchill, London 1945"
,Recommended,251060,11623119,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Rudel,"If you liked Airland battle, you'll like that one. Very good gameplay, learning curve is a  bit steep, but nothing too hard, and the Naval assets are a great addition."
,Recommended,251060,13969314,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,WarPig,"Pretty good modern rts, no buildings or unit production, rather supply and support depends on holding territory.Good graphics, seems like decent unit modelling. Quite fast multiplayer, and people play."
,Recommended,251060,11962104,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Zi Prophet,"Too much fun, so much Strategy. This... I don't know. No dragons though, but yes."
,Recommended,251060,13334778,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,GooseUW,"I am a huge wargamer. I initially played the original Close Combat series based on the tabletop version of Advanced Squad Leader. This game is amazing. Although this is a heavy RTS, with a decent learning curve, even being terrible at this game is fun. I play mostly with a group of 4 or 5 friends vs. AI, and the occasional PvP. 200+ hours across this and Airland Battle."
76561198006786631,Recommended,251060,14544326,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Joker,"Love this series. Don't care for a lot of what the devs focused on for RD, but it is still a phenomenal game. No one else is making RTS/RTTs like this."
76561198051127483,Recommended,251060,12500442,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Colonel Hatch,"Wargame: Red Dragon is an interesting take on the strategy genre. The game takes place through two screens: the map screen and the battle screen. The map screen takes a form similar to that of WW2 planning boards you always see in movies, and is quite novel if not effective. The battle screen is as one might expect: a bird's eye view of the battlefield(with the option to zoom in to an incredible range) but what is interesting is not the screen but the mechanics of battle. If you've ever played almost any other RTS then you'll know ammunition is not usually a feature of those games. However in Wargame: RD you must worry about logistics, you'll need to send in supply trucks to keep your tanks armed and your Helicopters filled with missles.The only real failing point of this game is the lack of the proper tutorial. The entire game is summarisied in text screen tutorials which do little to explain the complex mechanics of war. The RTS afficandio will quickly pick up the tools of the trade but I fear that someone not familiar to the genre might not fare as well."
76561198035882404,Recommended,251060,11340349,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,warkeeper,"I have to say, inbetween the Planes, Boats, Tanks, Mechanized/Motorized, Infrantry, artillery, and recon elements in the game and the way they managed to put them together into an RTS and then make it fun to play this ranks as one of my favirote RTS's of all time. Now if only more people played it."
,Recommended,251060,20571266,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Stryker,"Overall this game is a positive. New units, factions and deck types really broaden the playable field. New maps seem to be ok too.My 2 biggest issues however is, A. The campaign where it normally involved only a handful of maps where the AI repeatedly attacks (often pointlessly, with me losing no units) and constantly getting new forces whilst mine canot retreat and refit in time. B. Naval battles are pointlessly imbalanced in favour of PACT with all but the Kongo and OHP class Blufor ships seemingly unable to either hit with or defend against missiles. Meanwhile the Redfor (PACT for me) support ships are numerous, cheap and effective. Whenever a naval battle comes up, my only chance is to kite around whilse launching massive numbers of bombers at the enemy capitals in the hope that one or two will get through.Overall i love the new setup, smoke is amazing and the reverse function is a lifesaver and if i could figure out how to win more consistently multiplayer would be great. But dont buy it for the sole purpose of naval combat and campaign unless you really have time to burn and happen to love the same maps over and over and over and over....."
76561198074638795,Recommended,251060,32997442,Posted: 29 June,all,Balaclava,"STEAMS SALES!!!But srsly, I'm still learning the inns and outs of this game and I've only played as the U.K. for any length of time. I love it!"
,Recommended,251060,15224372,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stormbird 1104,"Wargame: Red Dragon is one of the best tactical real time strategy games I have ever played. Compared to other RTS games it is a lot more tactical, requiring the use of tactics like countering enemy units, taking cover in buildings, hiding units in forests, co-ordinating artillery attacks, using air support and much more!The game becomes sort of click spammy (which is where its more about spamming units rather than strategy, e.g. Airmech) when you raise the resource points too high. However there are some units that work well in large groups and others that work well alone, so you don't really need to click spam either way.Time for a pro/con list!PROS:Features many units and nations, more than most RTS Games!Play with AI or onlineGreat accuracy with unit design, unit names etc.Plenty of maps for 1v1s or 4v4sNaval combat. Use naval as a way to strike the land or to have sea battles!Terrain affects gameplay. Trees can hide units, buildings can be used to hide inAccuracy, ammunition, fuel and other interesting gameplay mechanicsInteresting debates on the main menuDLC released for the game is free!CONS:The units don't have much variety (gameplay-wise)It's Peer to Peer so internet issues can be commonCan be quite boring without friendsCan get boring quite quicklySo overall, a great game that I recommend to any RTS lover!8/10One more thing - CANCEL THE CHRONO!"
,Recommended,251060,12278435,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[AOW] jts3579,Kinda cool11/10 would work on mod for 1 year again.
,Recommended,251060,18454808,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Yuany,"First 2 hours into the game,Finds out that helicoptor ran out of missile after firing twiceSo finds the most expensive tank, then it ran out of fuel after just driving ""a little""Got mad,So played some heroic north korean music, and made my loyal NK reservists charge a twon held by 2 capitalist pig's delta force. Then the spirit of the Eternal President guides North Korea’s invincible reservists to glorious victory against the ""elite"" imperial troops.Best Korea wins!Steep learning curve, but very nice graphics and realistic battles10/10"
76561198069976712,Recommended,251060,11129335,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,rangefinder,Find a team and play! once you have a team this game jumps to a whole new level of fun.
,Recommended,251060,11980592,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mindtrickskiller,The most fun I have had in any strategy game.
76561198011811705,Recommended,251060,28428656,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,dustcam,"Utterly love this game, havent put in the hours but when I do pick it up for a blast I cant help but enjoy myself. If you want a modern warfare RTS game which is constantly being updated by its developers and has affordable DLC then this is the game for you."
76561198110330822,Recommended,251060,28651381,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,wavel54,"Very in-depth and expansive RTS game, with a wealth of units and a semblance of real life tactics. Multiplayer up to 10 vs 10, currency system based upon a holding an area and creating a 'deck' (armed force).Highly recommended."
,Recommended,251060,32711664,Posted: 23 June,all,Jaxsco,"This isn't a game for everyone. In my opinion you either hate it or love it. The game is very much a micro-manager. It falls just short of you telling your units how to breathe. Since it can be a pretty complex game depending on how you play the ability to slow down time is a welcome feature. I usually switch to ""bullet time"", give my orders, and return to real time. The graphics are nice and so is the wide variety of units available. There's Special Forces, Mechanized, Armored, Naval, Riverine, and Air units for pretty much any situation.My only con with this game is the campaign difficulty. Overall I'd give it 4.5/5 stars."
76561197996137524,Recommended,251060,13716698,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Thomson,"One of the best RTS games out there, brutally difficult at times, but realistic and fun !"
,Recommended,251060,14373346,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,danielm,best game i've played in a long time
76561198067626756,Recommended,251060,11839709,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Dlangster1993,"Wargame: Red Dragon is a great Cold-War gone hot RTS game that is easy to understand and fun to play. It is almost the same as Wargame: Airland Battle but it offers new nations like North Korea and Japan. It also has new map enviorments, naval gameplay and over 600 units to use in batle. The game is far from perfect however and it has more balance issues then any other Wargame title. Ships dont make noise when they move, unit accents are messed up (the same voice actor is used for UK and Aussie troops) some factions are almost useless (Danish) and some units need balance issues fixed. The single player is also poorly made and overly hard. Wargame: Red Dragon is a epic RTS game but the issues need to be fixed and Wargame needs a much larger profile. ""Off you're♥♥♥♥♥and on you're feet lets MOVE!"" U.S Riflemen."
76561198154507573,Recommended,251060,16240072,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TheOneNL,if you think away the arty spam its a really good game6 euro for the dutch?? are you insane??
76561198014196635,Recommended,251060,15445895,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Shytown,"Classic war RTS game, this has it all, Plane, Tanks, Navy, Helicopters, A/A, A/T, like COH you can set squads to hotkeys, gameplay is great, no choppy graphics, great detail, and the AI is tough. I surely give this game a thumbs up, But it is vastly more fun with friends for sure- If you like war time RTS games, this is a MUST!"
76561198145166464,Recommended,251060,15459613,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Mein kompfy couch,Fun but complicated it takes a while to get good at it but its worth it
76561198045820915,Recommended,251060,12920194,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Wolf In Arms,"Right, so: I'm gonna forworn the reader that I'm not, like a lot of other reviewers might be, a long-term Wargame fan. In fact, this is my first Wargame-...erm, game, ever bought and played.But played, I have.I'd come into Wargame originally from RUSE: another game out of the Eugen box. As for RUSE, it served as a wonderful experience for me: I've sunk in hundreds of hours into it throughout a total of about three to four years. And especially for my version being an X-Box port purchased before I really had a gaming PC, me still playing RUSE on occasion to this day helps cement how wonderful it is.So understandably, I came into Wargame: Red Dragon with high expectations of perhaps my favorite Strategy Games studio. I'd become legitimately hyped on the trailers, and I'd always wanted to try out European Escalation or AirLand Battle.I'm not going to lie: this was a weird game to get into when it first game out. There were no in-game tutorials and no singleplayer, making the current lack of a dedicated tutorial mode (to my knowledge) a cubscout picknick in comparison. I had to teach myself how to manuever units through a private MP lobby, and that was a difficult task when I had no idea how complicated the controls in Wargame were.There were thankfully at least a few good and decent guides out there, but for other Wargames of course: thankfully, since I purchased it, a number of Red Dragon guides have arrived both from Eugen and from the vast community of players.To summarize getting into the game, it's difficult even today. It's a heavy difficult curb, but that's also what makes it wonderful: Red Dragon is AS REAL AS IT CAN GET, by all assumption. Playing Wargame is a legitimate way to learn a little more about how real warfare tactics, at least from the Cold War era, were like (to a limited extent, of course). Eugen put a lot of effort into making this game flow smoothly in terms of both difficulty placed on the computer and on the player's own abilities: while your computer is going along just fine with relatively impressive and immersive graphics, you're trying your damn best to keep up-to-speed in an MP game.There's also a large amount of singplayer capability as well: the uniqueness that the deck system provides (perhaps my favorite piece of this whole game) not only allows for the common joke of players spending more time on deck/army building than on playing the game, but also allowing for players to have their own customized adventures and battles.In addition, there are a decent number of singleplayer campaigns set during various points in the Cold War. These campaigns are decent in story and certainly immersive, and provide a really interesting challenge for the player. Of course, these aren't really the good meat of the game.As for the multiplayer: it's really the main bit, though not required. I'd still recommend anyone buying Wargame to try out MP at least a few times per month to continually improve battlefield skill and preformance. It's honestly interesting to watch a deck go into combat, and to analyize how one could've preformed better and which parts of the deck went by the ""make or break"" principle.In addition, it must be added that Eugen consistently releases free DLC. FREE DLC. THAT YOU AUTOMATICALLY GET. This includes new maps, new units, and new campaigns. How consumer-friendly is that?As for complaints, they're predominately based around the gameplay mechanics and are mostly deck-based. For starters, I play as an American deck and understand that nations are weak in some areas based on historical weakness (E.G. North Korea having relatively poor anti-aircraft abilities in comparrison to some of its allies). However, a few instances of favoritism seem to pop up with the French: a nationality which Eugen is part of, as a French studio. For one, the French are capitalized on favoring quick and mobile strikes, though in reality their units can preform a number of tasks *extremely* well. French Infantry AT weapons are some of the best in the game towards the 90's era, French tanks are relatively powerful, French aircraft are highly potent in all areas, French helicopters are some of the fastest and most combat-effective, and so-on. France has downsides, but very few in comparison to some of its counterparts and enemies: thus, it could seen that France has been given some relative favoritism by Eugen, but I digress.In addition, another complaint perhaps could be leveled at the lack of a very solid training mode for beginners. I know that I myself would've loved access to a dedicated training mode when I first started, and a flip-through guide isn't going to help with learning units outside of a textbook fashion.To summarize....Pros:-Decent Graphical Fidelity and Running Capability-Excellent Customization Capacity-Immersive, Authentic and Risk-Taking Gameplay-Decently-Captivating Campaign-Free DLCCons:-Eurocentric Favoritism, potentially-Lack of Newbie Integration and TutorialsIn short: a highly-recommended game."
,Recommended,251060,15365212,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ToughPancke,"Lots of red, no dragons."
,Recommended,251060,9965848,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,k9catforce,"Ever dream of being a great tacticion, but don't really want to join the military? Here's your answer. Hard, but really really fun when your plans actually work out. It'll kick your butt in the beginning, but you get used to it after a while."
76561197998164472,Recommended,251060,14539085,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Evil Dinner Fork,"From a newcomer with no experience with the prior games, but one who has been obsessing with this one for the past 3 days or so: Wargame is an amazing endeavour and is one of the most in-depth RTS's on Steam.The Wargame series is heavily influenced by World In Crisis, another WWIII RTS, and if you've played that game, you'll be familiar with the broad strokes. The biggest difference is one of scale. In WiC, an armored commander will end up controlling maybe 3-4 heavy tanks and a couple other random units once he's maxxed out. In Wargame, a player with an armored deck (more on decks in a minute) will *start* the game with maybe 8 heavy tanks, or else mass hordes off lesser or obsolete tanks, in addition to support... and it goes up from there. The maps are also truly massive, with even the smaller ones roughly 100km by 100km and going up from there -- the scale is more in line with the first Supreme Commander. Within that vast distance, even specialized commanders must jostle with multiple control groups of their frontline guys, recon, supply/logistics (this is a big one), air defense, and so forth.Like WiC, the game is built around hard counters, with even the mightiest unit reduced to scrap in seconds if it meets its counter. The key is recon, to know what the enemy has and where, so that you may counter it. Are they sending in mass hordes of tanks? If your recon spots it in time, you can counter with helis or Maverick-armed AT planes. Does the enemy have an assload of AA? Keep your helis/planes far away, and charge your own armor or light vehicles in. Do they have a bioball of massed infantry in a town? Time for your arty to step up -- or even better, napalm-equipped units. All of this depends on having good recon to know what counter you need to bring onto the field.As far as the much-derired naval content goes: Yes, I'm sure the pure-navy maps suck. But coastline maps are where your navy shines. You do not command capital ships in this game -- think more along the lines of patrol boats. And every deck gets free naval units the player may build if he chooses. Completely ignoring the water parts of these maps is a valid strategy, letting you concentrate everything on your land and air; but on the other hand, owning the water denies the shoreline to the enemy, and the heavy AA of most ships gives you an excellent no-fly zone.I mentioned supply and logistics. All units have only limited ammo, some more limited than others; all units besides infantry also have fuel; and, naturally, units need healing after taking damage in combat. Supply units take care of all these needs, but the supply units are all vulnerable and die if an enemy even looks at them wrong. This adds an extra dimension to combat not found in most of these games.The graphics are servicable, and are mostly enjoyed in replays. In-game, you will be too busy to enjoy them, similar to Supreme Commander: you're zoomed-out, dealing with icons. Sounds are also basic and servicable; unit prompts are always in the unit's tongue.As far as decks go: this is one of the greatest innovations of the game. A deck is the selection of units you bring into a match. Decks can be generalist, or (in the spirit of WiC) focused on armored, air, etc; focused decks give you bonuses to focused units at the expense of reduced options everywhere else. You can draw units from the entirety of your faction (NATO + Japan/S.Korea, or else WarPac + China/N.Korea), or you can limit yourself to just a few or even one nation for further bonuses at the cost of, again, reduced options. (Want to play as Denmark fighting against the Soviet Union? This game has your back!) You can and will spend hours simply building various ""decks"" you can bring into a game.The AI is servicable, but limited. It will keep a new player on their toes, but its quirks will soon be learned by even the novice. It ""fast moves"" on roads too much; it never buys ships on coastal maps; it seems confused on what to do with infantry. On the other hand, it can build a mean armored column that will take you by surprise and back it up with gunships and AA. If you want the AI fighting at its best, give it a more armored and support-focused deck that neglects infantry.On that note, it should be mentioned that the multiplayer community of this game is filled with racists and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. You are better off with people you know IRL.Anyway, if you are looking for an incredibly deep RTS with a steep learning curve, yet one that eschews the APM-centric style of most RTS's, you've come to the right place."
76561198123660104,Recommended,251060,15616904,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mrs.Opiyo's Yams,is great
,Recommended,251060,16813554,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,rBST Cow,dont read the ingame chat unless you like to see butthurt
76561198008065763,Recommended,251060,18466162,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,裸の先生,"This series is one of its kind, a good breakthrough in the RTT genre.Did I mention it's a RTT game? A RTT franchise that plays way better than decent, and that should had explained all.Well the red dragon is simply the third game in this franchise, nothing less, and shouldn't one expect more. An Eugen's sequal after all.It left a legacy that hopefully some innovitive developers will pick up and let it live on in the futrue."
76561198037564055,Recommended,251060,19878454,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BigMclargehuge3,"10/10Would tank rush as soviets again with teammates providing air cover with SU-27s while blaring the red alert 3 soviet march over the microphone and drinking russian standard vodka.Seriously though, if you have the patience to put some hours in to learn the gameplay and the units this is an amazing game."
,Recommended,251060,11469060,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,HISlawyer,This game (and all the other the Wargames in the series) could benefit from the addition of Co-op to the campaign. Sock it to me!
76561197963315984,Recommended,251060,14312697,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Ben!to,"Top notch RTS, realistic Units with nice Balance, very Active Developers.The Single Player is pretty week, but Multiplayer is where the Game Shines.Graphics:  9/10 - For the Massive Battlemap size - and Planes, Ships and Groundforces on it, the Graphics are pretty Good.Sound:  8/10 - Some Sounds (like the A10 Plane) is just freaking Great, but some Sounds, like Assault Rifles and Artillery, just Suck.Gameplay: 10/10 - Its a real Multiplayer RTS, Its all about Tactics and Overall Team strategys.Overall  9/10 - Would Recommend to everyone who likes RTS and feels Company of Heroes is just to Casual"
76561198074270997,Recommended,251060,11528985,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,[PHX]Evoc_Iron_Panzer_DV,A++++
76561198098236497,Recommended,251060,14801488,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Nuclear Narwhal,This game is a must have for military RTS fans.This is taking World in Conflict's strategy and teamplay and RUSE's graphics and combining them into one. A combination that can't lose.
,Recommended,251060,14806799,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Seafox123,The ai is eiather ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or very smart  depending on the circumstanses
,Recommended,251060,30352252,Posted: 6 March,all,Sylvie The Best Waifu :>,"""This game not reccomment for Spam and Rush player"""
76561198015205653,Recommended,251060,9870932,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,~Abrik~,The best modern warfare RTS ever
,Recommended,251060,13954779,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,「 Ｒａｚｚｌｉｅ 」,Can listen to Reichstep while playing a West Germany deck.
,Recommended,251060,19161431,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,KWTxrulz,just try 10vs10 !!!!!!! it's amazing
76561198073187486,Recommended,251060,29952745,Posted: 15 February,all,N_R_K,"This game is amazing, but the learning curve is pretty dang high. But once you finally start to get the hang of it, it becomes a great rts!"
,Recommended,251060,14490576,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,A very mean sprongle,It's easier to command the individual atoms in my cat.
76561198120862754,Recommended,251060,33547421,Posted: 14 July,all,Crossfire,"I've played the whole wargame series yet this one doesn't really differ. Don't get me wrong, i'd play this version any day other than the previous ones, but its the same concept. This just has naval units and more stuff. There is one issue though that I'm having but no one else seems to have touched on it. People are saying the AI cheats, in my case I don't think so. I haven't legitametley lost a battle with an AI (I sometimes end the game halfway through to do something else thus its not really losing right?). But I have noticed that when AI is put on easy, it throws everything it has at you, whilst on very hard, it uses strategy but its quite easy to see what the AI will do next.Score:Gameplay: 8Units: 10Campaign: 7Overall score: 25/30 or 83%P.S.Really wish there was a save button for skirmishes."
76561197988895959,Recommended,251060,10176440,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,<!^!>~ Pocky ! <*=*>,The game is ok.I waiting for developer to improve the the animation of unit since wargame european escalation it the first game of their series the animation look same they just improve a bit and add mroe unit and air then naval. The air unit isn't bad during airlandbattle but some how the naval is a lot fail may be because in real world each ship have so many gun lolz.I don't know the AI is spam a lot and useless tactic than it should in wargame airland. It a bit confuse me should i recommend this game to you but i said if you love RTS may be yes. But becareful that if you find some game it will be atillery fight rather than tank or infantry or air fight because in Red dragon atillery really powerful which make me boring game a bit.But the good point of this game is their are so many unit but developer lazy a bit as model of infantry look like cloning from the same factory. No camoflage for each unit i mean the infantry. Also the infantry just like a robot. The helicopter landing still my headace as they landing very very slow than they shouldBut the game is still ok. Not many RTS at this time this game is good but not best so if you want to enjoy the animation of infantry fight may be consider go to company of heroes 2 or even world in conflict which 7 year old. This game the developer try to make game less spam as cut the respawn area but i found out it a bit boring because as the map size increase you have to run from the start serious ? it tactic i knowany i recommend for hardcore RTS only
,Recommended,251060,20194174,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cripto,"It is a good RTS, but it is hard to learn. Deep and rewarding the day for this RTS has passed a bit. The community has boiled down to die hards with anyone with under 200 games being considered bad or a smerf. It has every unit from the cold war you know of any many you don't, decent graphics, an okay single player, and really fun 10v10 mp brawls. Best played with a team of people who know what they are doing it is a really good game. Pick it up on sale, find a group to play MP with, or just give the single player a wirl just remember the AI are dumb as bricks and have to cheat as a result. Really just stick to MP 10v10s and have some fun."
76561197985659878,Recommended,251060,10407444,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Pussy Trigger,"One of te Best RTS there is, it is like Total War that made love to Company of heroes and was baysit by Down of war 2 and is dating Supreme Commander. Must buy. Also quite realistic game and if you are fan of modern and cold war Weapons and Vehicles you will only be able to play this game with one hand, if you know what i mean. Only realistic, only Hardcore!"
76561197971985579,Recommended,251060,35196576,Posted: 24 September,all,MisterTomo,"If you're looking for a realistic real-time tactical experience with modern warfare this is about as good as it gets,"
76561198023020777,Recommended,251060,14780886,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,THE CAKE MAKER,"Great game,sadly it feels like there are too few campaings,i hope that they add more or at the very least a campaing/scenario editor so that we can make and share our own campaings."
,Recommended,251060,35156451,Posted: 23 September,all,Whiskey in the Jar,"Great RTS, but devs are very close to abandoning it for another game of theirs named Steel Division '44"
76561198170011394,Recommended,251060,26711520,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,HenchLemon,one of the best games I have ever played
76561198047764221,Recommended,251060,17862451,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ricky96,I can drop big bombs on tons bad guys. Big learning curve but totally worth it. 5 stars
76561197978257747,Not Recommended,251060,9955296,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,eenis,"No, they have lied about offering a multiplayer campaign. It was marketed as having one and upon release actually does not contain one. Additionally when you mouse over the multiplayer button in game, the pop up mentions the online campaign yet there is none. There is a multipage thread on their forums that is still unanswered."
76561198050940779,Recommended,251060,13179696,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,To Be Frank,"Absolutley LOVE this game as it is so addictive, fun and enjoyable. With over a 1000 hrs on the wargame franchise this i'd say is the best of them and has to go in my top 3 games played (even though I still suck at it!) next to Shogun 2 and Civ 5.I'd recommend this game to anyone who is remotely interested in deep strategy and military equipment."
76561198080053490,Recommended,251060,23131062,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,edmodo.com,"If you are an rts player like myself, this game is new, challenging, and extremly entertaining.Let me go a little bit more into detail.Stuff you should know:No base building (not that type of game)Very strategic (requires real time decision making, plus longer strategic game plans)Has a large skill curve (if you're starting off, play with bots or a friend)Buuuuunch of unitsThis game is an amazing blend of tactical combat and strategic planning, with different units fufilling very different roles. All in all, this game will punish your mistakes, and reward your successes.Before you buyWatch a match of the wargame red dragon reddit tournament to see how the game is played, and judge for yourself if this is for you. I strongly recommend this game, as it has brought me countless hours of memorable fun."
76561197970362184,Recommended,251060,9836307,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,BLDalton85,"Not your average RTS.  Uses real military strategy.  Requires well thought, and executed, strategy and tactics utilizing combined arms.  BIG fan of the series.  Very refreshing in a world of ""APM"" spam RTS games.  Think of it as a sim!"
76561198098123021,Recommended,251060,23127560,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Captain K'nuckles,"For the time I have put in this game is very great. It has every thing I would want in a ""War Game""."
,Recommended,251060,9839035,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,absorbentgene,"Wargame: Red dragon is one of the most beautifally in depth and detailed RTS games I have ever played. Breath taking graphics gives everything a wonderfully realistic feel along with every nation fielding there own unique units makes it a never ending parade of Variety. This is simply another excellent addition to a wonderful series and with another facet of war being added in the sea's, it will certainly keep things fresh for ages to come."
76561198058752962,Recommended,251060,9844289,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Narcissistic Brendan Fraser,"I launched an air assault on the city in the middle of the 10v10 map. Over 40 Hueys were involved in the first wave. At the end of the game, over 2,000 Marines died in the hellish napalm fires.10/10, would be dishonorably discharged again"
,Recommended,251060,9880113,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,WHY,"Most realistic RTS to date!Requires tactics, this is not some game that you can just send everything and win. Planning and setting up defences, calling in your aerial units, bombing your enemies with artillery. Anything! Best warfare game I have ever played."
,Recommended,251060,23121812,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SliceofNow,"Huge learning curve, but one of the best strategy games out there!"
76561198060775977,Recommended,251060,17818538,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Josh,1 of my 4 favourite games ever absolutley brilliant shame they arent making a sequel because this game is absolutley awesome great community great company great game. Good graphics little bugs and good effects and great gameplay.
76561198000109629,Recommended,251060,11319454,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,FuzzyWingMan,"The best way to describe it, is it is not an RTS, but a simulator.  Hense the name Wargame.  It is very intense and gripping.  Even when you loose you have fun."
76561198118593832,Recommended,251060,23101386,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,This Machine Kills Commies,"PROS:+its fun+it runs well even on potatoes+its in depth+its challenging+great community *citation needed*+two facions, lots of nations+hundreds of real life units+fun single player campaign+fun single player in general+fun multiplayerCONS:-no playable tutorial, and the tutorial it has is pretty useless-jet spam-cheatsy AI-not as many game modes as the earlier games-cheap unit spamI really really really love this game, like, alot. When I saw this game was on sale i bought the pack for me and two friends at a grand total nearing 50 bucks, a total ♥♥♥♥ing steal honestly.I had seen this game before on youtube and i knew it was something that id love to play. when i installed it and loaded it up the first thing i noticed was that the tutorials are more like simple manuals than anything, infact im really happy i had airland battle because that game comes with a playable tutorial, that showed me many of the basics, afterwards i spent several hours on youtube learning about all sorts of different stuff in the game like tactics, unit types, how to build a decent deck, etc etc.Once I thought i had the basic idea of deck making down i made an american deck and went into a 1v1 against the AI and got my♥♥♥♥♥whooped, i revised this deck several times and have since made dozens of decks for america, with just as many for other nations as well.This brings me to the AI, it is extremely frustrating and seems to carry the same issues with it that the previous games had. it seems to have limitless points and it will always know where your units are. if youve got an ambush set up with whatever unit type, when the enemy arrives, if ever, it will also happen to bring with it what it needs to ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥ In other cases they have a large attack elsewhere that forces you to redirect your forces and right when you do that, they come rolling through the now lightly guarded flank you just moved forces from. another thing i noticed is that its either to easy or to hard, medium and easy bots i can steam role so much so that it normally ends in a 15 minute man hunt with every single unit i can muster searching the whole map in one large net that covers everything, however if i play agaisnt a hard bot my units are always out numbered out preformed and destroyed with ease.When i got this series i also bought it for two friends, we hopped into airland battle first and had fun playing the defense game mode and the multiplayer campaign, both of which i was heart brokento see didnt return to red dragon, which is fine, because the 3 it has are fun to play regardless, just kina sucks i cant play those great modes in this new game.The first issue i ran into in this game was deciding what units to use and what nations i should play as. i eventually settled on maining the US and brits and making specialized decks for pretty much every occasion, and decks that covered more than one specialtty and were more generalized. this game has way to many units for me to even begin to memorize honestly, i look at youtubers or listen to players who can identify a vehicle just off of its fire rate, mobility, or its black outline. each of the larger nations have its own one of a kind units, while smaller nations not only use some of their own, but have a large slew  of tech from other nations, one of the most common examples are leopard tanks. some nations even get really old units from WW2 and that makes for some fun custom games with friends or against bots. each of the large nations has its own specialty, with the US your airforce is unmatched and for the UK you have some of the most powerful armor in game. while the game doesnt showcase exact armor values, speeds, or preformances of vehicles, it gives you an accurate representation in values much easier to understand. rather than saying that tank A has this much armor at this angle and this ATGM can pen this much at this angle it will say tank a has 12 armor at the front and this ATGM can pen 20. same thing carries over to planes with their values. there is honestly so much when it comes to units its very overwhelming to many players.one of the biggest issues this game has is the spam of one unit type, it can either ruin your forces because its a♥♥♥♥♥♥idea or ruin your enemies fun because its ♥♥♥♥ing cheap. something that bothers me heavily is jet spam or heli spam, the first half is more true for american forces while the second half more so for russians. with the jets they comletely ♥♥♥♥ing ruin your ground forces and your AA normally cant kill them, or tank all of them out. when it comes to heli spam youll have tanks or infantry roling into a city or jungle and out of nowhere there are dozens of rocket choppers ruining your forces before the enemy sends in its ground forces to slaughter any of the remaining stunned units, and to be fair this is a legit tactic, but  9 times out of 10 your AA cant handle such a large task and will get killed by the choppers. the same can be true for arty, something any nation can spam, but with that you can actually pinpoin the enemies location so generally they either have to move after a volley or two or risk getting killed by counter arty or some kind of plane or heli.another thing is the spam of cheap as dirt units, 60 jacksons, hellcats,chaffees,T3485s, or any other out dated unit costing 10 to 15 points they are often wasteful and its great when your enemy does it but infuriating when your ally does it, now there is nothing wrogn with sending these units onto the exposed flank of heavier armo to take them out or sending them against APCs and such, but spamming 60 or so and rushing the enemy with SU76s is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.the community itself is very much alive in this game, and is, interesting to say the least, you can meet some great people playing this game  but ill say this, enter warchat at your own risk.all in all this game is excellent, and the issues i listed really get overshadowed by the pros. this game is a super in depth and fun to play RTS i seriously suggest it for any hardcore gamer who likes these kind of games and really wants a challenge.TL;DR REDFOR TANKS BEWARE, THE APACHE LONGBOW IS IN THE AIR"
,Recommended,251060,9978365,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,BellyBDwarf,"I'm a single player guy (yes, I know I am missing out on all the fun, but I don't have that much time on my hand). I love the Cold War Scenario turning hot and that is why I loved the Wargame Titels from the start - even though I did see the problems they have. This one has problems too - for me it is basically the Wargame ALB turned out right - just don't play the sea missions. The whole Idea of long range balistic battles is reduced to nothing. This does however not include naval landings (much fun). In my opinion the best wargame titel up to date. But, as beeing a wargame titel, don't play it unless you like the franchise per se."
76561197976591528,Recommended,251060,9978313,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Goopi,a new take on rts games... realy fun to play
76561198084079511,Recommended,251060,12579009,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,pressure☯KING,A great modern RTS game. The only disadvantage is the naval.
,Recommended,251060,9966853,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,PloughKing,"Having played both wargame's prior to Red Dragon this game is definitely going in the right direction. Graphics are great, the sheer scale of the game is best seen on a 10v10 game where it gets mental.Semi-realistic damage models and fun strategic play keep me coming back to this game!"
,Recommended,251060,10067647,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Sirian 03,An RTS for those who really like strategy and not just who can build the biggest army the fastest.
,Recommended,251060,11046155,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Ichiya,"This is the third installment of the wargame series.prosthe setting is nice, it plays out in Asia not like the other 2 gamesCampaign : the campaign is revamped, you now control groups of one type seperatly, so you can for example concentrate your artillery in one region and your infantry in another one. also there are 4 campaigns, 2 of them are very challenging and you can lose hours upon hours on those.multiplayer: never noticed problems with ze multiplayer, also 10v10.consthe naval combat isn't the best. you need to use your ships in large blobs, also their needs to be some balance changes I feel, some ships are very overpowered (especially communist ships)I find this game very enjoyable and challenging."
,Recommended,251060,14633114,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,adhaniswara,10/10PROS-BEST KOREA-BEST GERMANY-VODKA-GORBY-MARGIE-REGEAN-EUROFIGHTER THYPHOON-LEOPARD 2-TOS 1-T 90-MIG 25-EXPLOSIONS-PORN FOR ARMCHAIR GENERALS-EXCUSE TO PLAY 99 LUFTBALLONS WITHOUT BEING CALLED AN OLD PERSON WHO HATES ONE DIRECTIONCONS-NO KEBABS-NO CURRY-NO RENDANG-NO CHILI CRAB-NO NASI LEMAK-NO ISRAEL-NO BORIS YELSTIN-NO SHOE BANGING-NO PUTIN-NO GYPSY-NO PAPRIKA-NO TREE/SWAMP GERMANS-NO TAPAS-NO GYRO-NO PASTA
,Recommended,251060,12740398,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Very Depressed Raven,red dragon is great game to begin with but it relies on inf and air more then tanks and vehicalsits ship warfare is lackluster but the units in the game really give you the sense of that era from big nato armour to massed communist armour waves it keeps you on your toes 10/10
,Recommended,251060,25838773,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Pvt. Devseli [29ID],This game is one of the best Multiplayer strategy games i have everseen. If you love Modern military combat and strategy games you should buy it. Its hard to learn at first but once you get used to it you wont let it go. *Double Thumbs Up*
76561198066412176,Recommended,251060,10224837,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,超高校級の死神,"Some people say the game is imbalanced, I won't disagree with that but I'm not going to agree with it completly either, let's look it another way, tons of people say SC2 is IMBA, but to e honest it is the most damn balanced I eveer played. Is NATO overpowered ? I would say yes, but is Pact just going to be like meat on the chopboard? That's 100% no. Yes NATO has its advantage, but it's not like PACT is rubbish. Sure, it matters who's got the biggest stick, but it matters a helluva lot more who's swinging it. PACT also has it's advantage, and if you use it well, and can lead you to victory. So stop complying about how weak you are and instead figure out hwo to play it well, 90% times I win by NATO is because PACT players are just, well, how do I put it, very interesting....So anyway, wargame red dragon does a greaat job on simulating morden combat, one peoblem about the game is that the terrain texture, if you get a little bit closer I ensure you will shout what the **** is that, dude, fix that place, waht ever that is, that is clearly not ground.Wargame red dragon is a good game, not great, but I will say that it worthes 40 dollars. I like the game and I had quite good times playing it, If you like RTS, and if you like games such as HOI and Aarma, that wargame red dragon is your choice."
76561198358547120,Recommended,251060,34807285,Posted: 7 September,all,diaoyourm,"It's a great game RTS game. If you are interest in the modern millitary, it will be one of the best choice for you."
,Recommended,251060,10876867,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Vikhr,Amazing game. Could use a few tweaks. But Realy amazing game. 9.5/10
,Recommended,251060,11963929,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Uncle Sam,hard to play and I wish the tutorial was inerative and not just text on a scrolling slide
,Recommended,251060,28584671,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Some Dude,"Do you like playing Super Mario 3D World? How about Hyperdimension Neptunia: Re;Birth 1? Do you like anime? If you answered yes to all of these questions, then I've got the perfect game for you! Wargame: Red Dragon delivers the platforming-RPG hybrid that weaboos and anime lovers alike can all enjoy together. Each gamemode contains high-quality artwork that any sane man or woman would stick on their nearby body pillow. Looking for some casual gameplay? This game has it all! I reccomend playing as the team with the Nazis, because all jews should die! I'd rate this game a Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 / New Super Mario World Wii"
,Recommended,251060,10180857,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,mikemike,GAME IS FUN. I LIKE GAME.
76561197981181791,Recommended,251060,9857109,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Dirgecaster,♥♥♥♥in wow! good♥♥♥♥♥game. finally worked out all the kinks. campaign is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ imagine multi is as good as ever.
,Recommended,251060,9626316,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Duke,"Since the game has pretty much stopped development, I figure I would write a review.I have been invloved with this game since closed alpha and have followed its development quite closely. This game is a blast and as my hours show, my favorite game of all time. The unit choices are amazing, but keep in mind alot of those units you will never touch as they are outdated or useless, still it is quite amazing the level of choice you have. The game is quite simple, you build a deck thats unit choice is determined by its country, coalition (more than 1 nation) and so on. You fill these decks up with various units and play. The campaign is decent apparently, I have never touched it but it is worth playing for new players to get used to the mechanics. The learning curve is quite steep, but is completly worth it in the end. The community, while sometimes cancerous, has an excelent community initiative called the Wargame Learning Program that offers 1 on 1 personal tutoring that is completly free and incredibly helpful. People are more than happy to show you the ropes as the community is quite small and new players (who try ) are very much appreciated. I personally believe that playing with friends is mandatory and makes the experience far better. Since the game is often on sale, I reccomend palying with your mates. Finally, dont get this game for the naval combat, it is a silly gimick and has been completly abandoned by the devs. Ships still lack sounds and it is quite unblanaced. Also FRENCH BIAS IS REAL. Final rating French/10."
,Recommended,251060,23084235,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Balthazar Sleazebaggano,"Though I prefer European Escalation for hte better single player experience (in my opinion at least) this game is still wonderful. The devs are probably the best in the industry, with tons of interaction with the community on their forums and providing TONS of post release support and free DLCs (like map packs, factions, etc). Seriously, these guys are so good I would buy the game just to support them."
,Recommended,251060,10322609,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Maxwell Sinclair,"Ok this is going to be a long one so settle in.I would recommend this game, very much so, but it is not for everyone. So you really must sit down and ask yourself some questions before you purchase this game.1. Do you want a simple RTS?2. Do you like base building?If your answer is yes to either of these, then this game will not be for you. There is no base building and it is certainly not simple. This game is micro management heavy and it attempts realism, which can be a touch complicated for new players, its tutorials do not explain much.3. Do you own Wargame Airland Battle?If yes, go and play that, don't buy this until it comes on sale. If anything it is something of a downgrade from the past generation, the deck building is different and limited, the naval units are pretty lacking and there is no naval diversity.Ok now I'll get the petty problems I have with this game out of the way, note they're personal opinion, take them as you will.The deck building has been dumbed down, you get significantly less cards to use in any one type of unit unless you specialise your deck into a specific type such as airborne or armored. The mechanic for nations have changed and limiting yourself to an era is not as useful as before. To put that into perspective.In AirLand Battle, limiting your deck to one nation gave you prototype units for that nation, and based on the tech level of the nation, it granted you extra points to deploy units with.  Specializing gave extra experience to certain unit types and made some cheaper (Motorized: +1 XP level for infantry, -1 activation cost for planes.) Limiting yourself to an era gave you more availability for units, as in, you could get a significant percentage more for the same price. each unit type had 9 spaces for cards, getting progressively more expensive.In this game, limiting yourself to a nation grants you the Prototypes but also has an effect on the availability. Specializing limits you to certain types but gives you extra room for cards in specific types as well as changing the Xp and Costs. Limiting oneself to an era simply provides you with bonus activation points. Oh and you only get 5 spaces for cards in each unit type unless you specialized.Limiting yourself to an era is almost useless on account of the fact that you can often not find enough units to use up all the cards you earned and if you can they're often so paper thin that anyone who did not limit themselves to an era will walk all over your deck with their own.Sorry this is taking so long but there is a lot to say.The naval units added to the game are so underwhelming and useless that it is almost not worth bothering with them, thankfully they cost 0 activation points to add to your deck, they do still cost deployment points though. Anywho the nations are placed under 2 flags. BLUFOR and REDFOR, NATO and PACT (Plus the extra countries) respectively. Each nation shares the same navy so the only diversity you have is between the BLUFOR and REDFOR ships, no matter what nation you choose. The ships available are fairly disappointing, there are frigates, gunboats and a couple of destroyers (The biggest ships in the game) oh and a few helicopters and planes that are navy specific. There are some maps with rivers on them, which river boats can make use of IF there is a naval corridor in the game.That is a big problem for me, if you want to use your navy, you have to have a map with a naval corridor, meaning there has to be this huge expanse of open ocean, which is something the games AI ignores, I've seen it countless times in a match, the AI captures its naval corridor, then refuses to deploy navy from it, so you end up with a one sided ocean where you own it. The one thing I do use the ships for, is to repel the AI's nature for helicopter spamming. The larger ships have Radar Missiles that work rather well against helicopters. The AI will spam your ships with artillery and aircraft when it spots them though which can be annoying but also good since you can lure it into a trap. The one useful thing is that you can use the naval corridors to deploy extra ground units, these range from infantry to artillery and even a few tanks and even some supply vehicles. They'll be depolyed via landing craft, so it still requires the naval corridor to use them.Next problem is also related to the navy. Would someone kindly kick Eugen systems in the anoose and tell them that naval craft, particularly large ships, have indirect fire cannons, not direct fire ones. The navy would be incredibly useful if the 100 and 135mm cannons they mounted could be fired like offshore artillery. Instead you have to have a shore line with no buildings and no forests in the way if you want to shoot at anything on the land. I find myself only using one actual ship for each team. The BLUFOR one has rediculously good ECM and a lot of radar based missiles for shooting down aircraft. The REDFOR one is a small little gunboat with rocket artillery attached to the back, which is about the only offshore artillery in the game, and personally I enjoy offshore artillery.Ok sorry to put you through all that, but if you're going to make an informed decision you may as well know the biggest points I find wrong with the game. Now for some positives.The game tries to be realistic and for an RTS game it does it rather well, it is a fair bit more complex than simply building a fortress then churning out units to throw into the meat grinder.The units are period accurate and well detailed, the whole game is really nice to look at actually.The unit variation for the most part is quite nice, I know it looks like there are repeats but each one has a different weapon or an update to a current one.The deck building is still fun, although different, often you can spend hours creating various decks to play in various strategies. before playing with themThe AI is still hyper agressive and it can seem overwhelming at first, but it is predictable so you can learn to plan around it. The Mutliplayer is a fair bit of fun as long as you have friends to play it with.All in all I would recommend this game but I would recommend giving it serious consideration before purchasing it, if you're already a veteran of the series and you've played the others, then I would recommend letting this game go until it comes on sale. I consider it worth the purchase, but not worth the $40 they charge for it.Sorry to make you read all that."
,Recommended,251060,9589836,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Salan,"I recommend this game highly.. BUT I DO NOT RECOMMEND PRE-BUYING it for the beta if you are looking for naval units that are missing from the other games.   They simply do not exist yet.  They will sooner or later.  But Eugen is trying to fix the 'blob' atmosphere of the naval in a game where blob atmosphere reigns supreme.    People blob tanks, airplanes, infantry, AA... why would they think they wouldn't blob naval?The only real way this could happen is if boats had a larger collision radius, and could not physically be blobbed, forcing distance between them.This version of the game without naval is superior to Airland battle.  It changes a lot of things and the tactics of playing it change with it.  Its a bit of a learning curve, but BLOBBING = winning."
,Recommended,251060,9564696,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Bosco[Execore],"sure, it's in beta. Ask the beta(i wish) if you should buy the beta. ha. touch me."
76561198107035058,Recommended,251060,10023924,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,frankie0585,Very good one ar.
,Recommended,251060,24302565,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,CyanideTaco,"WARGAME:HOLY♥♥♥♥THEYARESHELLINGMYINFANTRYPlayed some games with AI, no big deal i mean they never shell my peeps so i win if i push their anti air.played online♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ STOP SHELLING♥♥♥♥ THEY HAEV AA GUNS ♥♥♥♥ THEY HAVE TANKSFUUUUUUCK WHY DID I USE AIRBORNE SQUADS"
,Recommended,251060,12357716,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Kawai knight,Base startegy game at the moment.
76561198005635155,Not Recommended,251060,11018701,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Lenno,"This is essentially the same game as AirLand Battle, but with tacked on Naval units. ""Tacked on"" is too much of a compliment actually, none of the ships, from landing craft to destroyers make a sound. They glide silently, clipping through the ugly water textures, no noise, no waves, no voices or alarms or hundreds of men visible on these ships. They have the same firing and movement mechanics as the tanks, and can often be ignored entirely in the matches.The single player is nothing to write home about, the campaign is a little more rushed than AirLand Battle, and attempts to add a bit of a narrative, but other than a nice intro for each, the writing is non existant. The gameplay is frustrating, with certain campaigns (Pearl of the Orient, Busan Pocket) forcing you to play the exact same battle 20-30 times.Multiplayer has devolved into experienced players filling up the NATO/BLUFOR side and waiting for a team of newbies to crush, quitting is endemic amongst foes and team mates alike and half the nations haven't had a timeframe update like France, W-Germany and the Commonwealth.This game seems like a beta, give it a miss til it's actually finished."
,Not Recommended,251060,11981557,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Puginator,"To cut a long story short, game is wonderful but looks like it doesn't need new players.I liked this game. Lot's of units and their detailed characteristics, strategic and tactic modes in campaign, modern graphic. But I miss only one thing - tutorial. Playing 7 hours in a row didn't help me to understand how to manipulate all of my forces in tactic and not to loose strategic campaigns in 6-7 turns. Usually I spend about 6-8 hours gaming per week...I played wargames scince first Blitzkrieg game (2003). Each of them has some simillar things in game mechanics. All new additions and differences from other games always explained in tutorials. No problems appeared at all. Difficult game - it can be fun. Game that is difficult to play - it's rather frustrating.So, as a newbuyer I want one of these options become true:1. Make normal tutorial. Reading 200 pages of manuals before playing game - are you serious? Even Civilization and games of Paradox Interactive has good tutorial. Why your game can't intoduce player at least UI? I find button for changing timescale only after 5h of playing. But useless scaled 3d models of units, that takes half of the screen, I saw from first second of tactical battle. And still don't know if there is possibility to put infantry back to vehicles.2. Return my money."
76561198034034423,Recommended,251060,9598326,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,[MKN] Cobra,"From a background of competing in and playing RTS's since 1998, Wargame is by far one of the greatest RTS series i have ever witnessed and has astonished me time and time again with every little detail within every pixel. Bringing a new perspective of the battle with so many specs in every unit and actully listening to there community for the next patch to sustain smooth balance has truly showed off and will desemate nearly every other RTS when Red Dragon is complete."
76561197990106355,Recommended,251060,9646820,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Dreepa,RTS madness. Warning: Involvement level: Nerdcore!
,Recommended,251060,13766608,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Captains,"Played a few games, seems decent. Needs more work.Too much waiting..."
,Not Recommended,251060,33912117,Posted: 30 July,all,oglesbee,"This has some good things about it. Single player is ok but really short for such a game. Multiplayer can be fun however in my experience the player base for this is just awful. Sportsmanship Nation Bashing, Racism, and really just a boatload of trolls more than usual are what you are likely to find. This can make learning the game a frustrating experience. In single player your aircraft bombs are not likely to wipe out an entire garrison of infantry in a town however in MP a bomb will wipe 40+ troops out in a single drop. It can be a challenging and fun game so I can't say it is all bad. It is also clearly biased in terms of units to make the European soldiers and equipment more favorable. Being that it is designed by a French developer   that it is to be expected.  For Instance the American Infantry in the game are mediocre in terms of accuracy and training compared to their French, and English Counterparts. While U.S Equipment is not invincable the lack of decent Infantry in the U.S Deck can be a major problem ingame if you choose a U.S Deck.  The Single Player campaigns are fun but in terms of replayability they don't offer much. Nation pack DLC for multiplayer often being offered for free is a bonus however they do not come with additional singleplayer campaigns to broaden the SP experience."
,Recommended,251060,9845193,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Kaiser Kane,Spread the Dear Leaders righteous message and crush the lap dogs of the decadent imperialist West! Kim Jong Un will ride his magical unicorn for the victory of our glorious socialist paradise!!
,Recommended,251060,16690750,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Elaine,"(Had to wright this review AGAIN from scratch because steam didn't post and save it the last time so bear with me if something seems off or typos.)This is an amazing strategy game and a MUST have for RTS fans. Has a high learning curve so don't expect any handholding.PROS:+No Unit Limits.(I've had upwards of over 300 units on the field at one time this includes tanks/infantry/vehicles/helicopters, and jets not counting my allies or enemies units.)+Thousands of Different Units.(Though some are kind of reskins each unit has their own special role on the battle field.)+VERY Strategic.(Should I postion my infantry in the nearby town and have them take cover in the buildings below or just march a few thousand infantry in forest cover over that mountain and risk getting napalm bombed if spotted by a recon unit.........meh I'll just fire a few hundred artillary rounds at their base camp and try to get lucky.)+Cinimatic AND Functional.(Not often does a game manage to create so many cinimatic moments yet be fully about a functional playing experience)+Polished Land Combat.(Land combat is pretty much perfect in this game more on water combat later.)+Resource Management.(Your Frontline Base(FOB) comes with a set supply number. Pay close attention as this will be your life blood. Your resoures are split into 3 categories Ammo, Fuel, and Spare Parts. Managing to supply units far off will prove to be rather challenging but all the more fun. You have a limited number of units that can deliever supplies with their own varying strengths and weaknesses. Supply ships can be sunk, Cargo Caravans can be stolen/blown to hell, and supply choppers can be shot down so be careful with them in high conflict areas as they will be high priority targets for the enemy.)+Multiplayer.(Yay for some Nay for others more on that later)+Lots of Factions.(From Nato, to North Korea, to Russia and many more)CONS:-Water Units/Combat Sucks.(Red Dragon introduced water units into the Wargame franchise and it really shows. What lies before you is a lackluster experience. Water combat is clunky, ship pathing is wonky and besides the many other obscure reasons I'd rather fight a donkey. Ok lame jokes aside the new water units mainly ships with the occasional sea helicopter or jet are sorely under utilized as most players have just given up on water units and maps altogether because of said problems. Not to mention maps that have a heavy water and land mix screw over infantry that ride in vehicles as they can not travel across water and there are no ships that can ferry them across. The only way to get infantry around on a water/land map is if they're helicopter troops. Eugene has something going here but it really needs more work put into it.)-Multiplayer.(1. If you expect to enjoy that glorious 10x10 multiplayer action BEWARE! As the game will kick you if your internet speeds are too slow. Honestly I've never played a multi match until the end because my internet speed  is such garbage. Thankfully the game has a great single player skirmish mode with a very competent AI where most players spend their time.  If you have pretty decent speeds this shouldn't be a problem though. 2. Because of said problems and a few other's finding a multi match may be a bit hard and even if you do the game will kick players for speeds or some may just leave for reasons causing you to be put in a situation where it's almost impossible to win a match.)-No Resupplying of FOBs.(Ok some people are gonna say that's what's so good about the game or that I'm a noob and using too much or I'm not playing strategically or I should have just built more before the start of the game. While that may all be true at times it shouldn't be used as an excuse to cover up such a glaring fault. If this game sales itself as a realistic strategy I don't know how they justify real world bases actually getting supplied but not here. Though you can increase the amount of supplies a FOB has in a txt file in the directory, an ingame feature where you order a resupply for limited amount should have been added.)-NO NEW MAPS!(There's been a lot of reasons given why Eugene hasn't added new maps such as they had to take time from the development to fix bugs and exploits instead . But now they're working on their new game AOA which is taking up all their manpower. What has constantly been requested is a Map Editor or some sort of tools where we the community can make our own maps. The excuses for this not being a thing have been varying and confusing from Eugene not owning the engine the game is made with too maps being too complicated for tools to recreate or something along those lines. Really we have the original maps but having something new to play on would be GREAT at this point)-No Modding Support.(Sure there are a few mods here and there but they're almost unheard of. Some people who have played the game for a long time still don't know their are mods and that mods could even be made for this game. So far there are a fair bit of skins and a few other mods like sandbox but nothing MAJOR grandbreaking like you know.......NEW ♥♥♥♥ING MAPS!!! When Eugene returns to the series they need to seriously think about making the franchise moddable)tl;dr: The game looks good, plays good on land, has ALOT of stuff and resource management but water stuff sucks, multiplayer is jacked for most, NO NEW MAPS and no mod support.Final Rating: 7.5/10Updated Rating(5/4/2016): 8.5/10Great game but lacks in other areas luckly most of them are non-important. A must buy on sale and a must have for any RTS fan.UPDATE 5/4/2016: I was planning on doing this update to the review MONTHS ago but kept getting side tracked. Anyway the devs have not let us down and updated the game with all new maps FOR FREE! No dlc or microtransactions bull just free updates with new maps. And these were maps of our choosing as well since we had a community vote on it. The maps added new longevity to the game. Now here's hoping Wargame 4 is even better. Updated the rating."
76561198053626251,Recommended,251060,9990015,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,sgsanderson101,"it is a great rts , just wish that the campains where harder"
,Recommended,251060,9964962,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Nothing - Fire,"At current state there are some balance issues with the naval combat (Pact is obviously superior), but it is overall a well made game and a definite improvement over Airland, as Airland was to European Escalation. 8.5/10 at the moment, this game still is not finished."
,Recommended,251060,9933610,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Saxony,"""Smell that? You smell that?Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that.I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for 12 hours. When it was all over, I walked up. We didn't find one of 'em, not one stinkin' body. The smell, you know that gasoline smell, the whole hill. Smelled like... victory"""
,Recommended,251060,9537336,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,TRIUMPH,Another solid Eugen title with more tanks than you can shake a stick at.
76561197989188942,Not Recommended,251060,29514054,Posted: 26 January,all,Tsukasa,I remember when this game used to be fun. Now its just made up of lopsided teams. Teams with people who have a victory rate of 65% or more just destroying teams with victory rates of 40% or less. The only time you have a chance to win is to try to get on the stacked team before it fills. There is no random matchmaking to even out the teams at all. There is no joy in this game for me anymore. I used to have some really good battles but now its just crap.
76561197997567681,Recommended,251060,9500267,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Flashpoint,"( It has Japan )Instant buy for me!Closed Beta was loads of fun to play, can not wait for Open beta!"
,Recommended,251060,15454740,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MattBlueshift,This game is like Arma and Ruse having a baby.Pros: EverythingCons: No Terrorists (like isis or al qaeda)No RED DRAGONS!
,Not Recommended,251060,11143489,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Prime Minister Sinister,"Wargame: Red Dragon will certainly come off a dissapointment to most AirLand Battle players, and while it isn't terrible, there aren't many reasons I could think of to recommend this game over AirLand Battle, especially for its hefty pricetag.To go into detail, let's look at what the game gets right. There is a huge roster expansion, with many new vehicles, factions, and maps. Sadly, most of these new units are reskins of existing ones, but this is true to life, so Eugen deserves some lee-way. The maps are massive and expansive. I am not sure if they are bigger than AirLand Battle, but it sure felt like it. Logistics is more important, as vehicles run out of fuel much quicker and the bigger maps also eat up more fuel. It is an interesting system that adds a dynamic to the game that we haven't seem previously, as going after supply vehicles will actually damage the enemy greatly.Now let us talk about where it goes wrong. Oh, there are so, so many ways this game goes wrong. First and formost is that they screwed up the deck building system. Now, when you make a deck, there are only five open unit slots, where as previous games held all 10 open for use for any deck. The problem is that the game forces you to use specialized decks, but specialization is a bad idea. What if you happen to bring a specialized deck that is vulnerable to the enemy's deck type? Well, you're screwed. The five slots prevent you from making a well-rounded deck. I get they wanted people to have incentive for using specialized decks, but this was not the way to do it. They should provide postive reinforcement for choosing to specialize, like making the bonuses for specialized decks greater (and making their unit restrictions less harsh: many units that certain specializations exclude you from don't even fit into the opposing category, meaning it just removes units for no reason), not by removing stuff that made normal decks good.Balance is all over the ♥♥♥♥ing place. AirLand Battle struck a nice balance, with only the jets being a little overpowered. Now that is flipped on its head. One SAM (or Redfor equivalent) can easily pummel a jet. Sure, anti-air availability has been cut, and so has their ammo, but now planes are weak as♥♥♥♥♥♥and they rarely even reach their traget. They are just a good way of wasting money. Infantry is also useless. Before, putting infantry in buildings was an effective way to ensure that area of the map was basically yours, unless your enemy used specific anti-infantry vehicles to counter. Infantry are now weaker. They die quicker, and their weapons are far less effective against heavy armor. They are, however, cheap. The worst thing is artillery. I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ went through Eugen's Systems combined heads when they thought of making artillery more destructive. Artillery is supposed to be a support tool used for bogging down and enemy and lowering their morale in preparation for a ground attack, but in Red Dragon they are an offensive tool that can snipe units from across the map and continuously pound just about anything (and I do mean anything) to death. Entrentched infantry? Dead meat. Top-teir armor? Be gone after 3 salvos. Even helicopters can get ruined by these things. It is such an abysmal decision and it ruins a game like this, where arguably balance is everything.Then there are navies. actual, proper ship on ship warfare can be fun, but there really isn't much to it. Whoever has more ships wins. You can spam extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥, low-level ships, but nothing will get through their output of fire.These changes completely ruin this game and remove any fun from it. It is replaced with frustration, as opponents cheekily snipe you from across the map (including the all-seeing AI) with artillery, amass fleets of♥♥♥♥♥♥teir boats and tear through everything you have, and make the airforce a complete waste of time and money.I thought Red Dragon would be fun because of the new units and setting, but I just got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, unbalanced version of AirLand Battle that does not do justice to its predecessor. ALB is more well-rounded and balanced, and it is altogether more fun. Don't be tricked by fanboys throwing heaps of praise on this game, and don't waste your money. By ALB or EE.As a sidenote, there is ONE group of people I can recommend this game to. RD has the easiest and most fair AI of all the Wargame titles. That doesn't mean it is easy or fair, it just means it is actually ♥♥♥♥ing beatable. So if you are mostly a singleplayer type of guy, you should probably pick this up."
,Recommended,251060,25445883,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Name nomad,I didn't know this was more than just chat until two weeks ago.
76561197986365521,Recommended,251060,19327212,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Diarrhea Cactus,"Re-review below main review now that I have clocked some more time.  See botom if interested for latest updates.=============================================================================Wargame Red Dragon is the game I have been looking for since giving up on my 200+ hours of Company of Heroes 2 and 300+ of Company of Heroes 1 (prior to the stupid Steam edition).  This game is about tactics and understanding what is happening on the battlefield while changing your thought process on the fly.  You can't just spam out 15,000 infantry and win the game.  Tanks, anti-air/infantry, and jets will eat you alive.  Spam tanks and end up in the same situation.  The game encourages a combined arms.  Now there is some spam, as the bloc countries rely more on quantity than quality versus the allied west/NATO nations.There are around 1700 units in the game and some of them are very similar to each other but have their unique niche that they fill.  I'm only 10 hours in and know nothing of what I am supposed to be doing other than relying mroe on quantity since I play primarily Russia with a side of North Korea.  From WW2 tanks to about 1991, there are plenty of vehicles, tanks, infantry, air, and navy.  From the VDV, Spetsnaz to the T80, it's all here on the bloc side of things.  The Japanese, Canadian, US, and myriad of other allied/NATO nations are also playable.From a gameplay perspective you build a deck of units that you will choose prior ot launching the game. These units are all you get, once they are gone that is it.  No base building just pure calling in troops from off the map based on whatever entrance they get.  Sometimes when you cap points you can call in units from a nearby edge of the map.  Units have tons of stats and rank up as they survive and do well.  Don't ask me what the ideal setup for stats are because their probably isn't one or if there is, I am entirely too new to understand or know yet.Sound, graphics, and gameplay are all top notch.  If you liked Ruse you will like this.  If you want to play with people, the commnity might be a bit rough.  I bought this to play with friends agains the AI as that is what we do to have a good time.  To each their own!There are a myriad of maps to play and tons of AI levels to go up against.  The AI does tend to ""cheat"" in that it knows what the yare up against but with the proper planning it is easy to deal with and just makes the game more interesting.  It isn't Company of Heroes 2 cheating where they can call in smoke abilities every 15 seconds for free.  Tactics win the game every time.  When you loose to a 2v1 AI you know you are terible!I'd like to recommend this game to anyone that is looking into getting an RTS that is more modern day and requires thought and planning and not spamming one unit like other RTS games out there.  This one is good.  Fuel and ammo play an integral role and without resupply, your tanks will either stop dead or just not be able to do anything.  The realism is kept at a high level without compromising gameplay.  Is the game worth 40 dollars?  I think so but I would still prefer to get it on sale and this Christmas as well as this weekend it is on sale!  Do yourself a favor and add a game to your library you can get some major hours out of!=============================================================================Updated Review:Most of what was said above still holds true.  I still am learning many things about the game and am far from even considering playing against people.  However, I have a new appreciation for this game that I didn't have previously.  As I learned more of the game's intricacies I fell more in awe of the game.Things such as higher grade ammo costing more to resupply and learning the intentions of the units beyond ""Go blow this up"" has really put more fun into the game.  Things like anti-tank helicopters being used incorrectly and wasting time and resources by blowing up vehicles with them instead of tanks (unless they are spamming vehicles)  has enlightmened me to proper deck building.  No longer do I sent in maximum penetration tanks to wipe out vehicles unless they happen to be there.  Positioning, morale, hitpoints (the blue boxes under the unit info), and how they are affected by things blowing up around them is amazing.Furthermore, recon, recon, recon, recon!  Learn to know what you are up against.  There is nothing worse than building a force that isn't ideal against whatever the opponent has.  Learning the special types of jets for anti-air vheicles, the fire and full reverse to reload concept, and keeping your guns cold on recon are all aspects I didn't even consider because I was so used to Starcraft, Warcraft, Company of Heroes, etc.This game takes realism to the limit without ruining the experience.  I appreciate this game so much more as a result.   The only aspect of the game that I think needs some work is the navy.  It seems like it's rather broken at the moment and naval battles are more or less, a waste of time and effort.  Outisde of that, this game continues to impress me and offer a different experience everytime I play.============================================================================="
76561198025608651,Recommended,251060,10657126,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dannyfp3,"Long and tedious matches for those who don't enjoy RTS games, but for those who do it is defintely the best game of the 3 in the series so far."
76561198094568078,Recommended,251060,10338977,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Lordfalcon20,"DO it, awesome war game"
,Recommended,251060,10351251,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,fdsdh1,"prosThis is a great game, it is quite realistic when compared to other RTS game which may not be everyone's cup of teaThe land based element of this game is very good and there are a large variety of units to choose from, literally hundreds!the learning curve is very steep which may put some people off but when playing with friends, especially if you can all play in the same room it is really funconssingleplayer campaign is a bit underwhelming, the ai is pretty badthe naval combat of the game is quite arcade-y (its almost as if it is a different game altogether) and lacks polish. I would say to avoid naval combat games as they aren't very good, land based combat is much better balanced and less arcade-y."
76561198025014091,Recommended,251060,10576824,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,thebrokendoctor,"While it has a sharp learning curve, this game is an amazingly crafted RTS with heavily detailed units, a variety of nations and coalitions, and amazingly crafted maps that will affect how you choose to achieve your objectives. It can take a while to get the hang of the amount of things you have to be doing at one time, and you will be crushed handily by computer and human alike in your first few games, but as you get more and more comfortable you will relish in watching infantry be mowed down, tank formations reduced to scrap mettle, and jets knocked out of the sky because of your planning."
76561198053639932,Recommended,251060,10709528,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,keyboard warrior,best game of this kind that i've ever seen
76561198014602858,Recommended,251060,9986084,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,mitch26,"I have been having issues with this game, specifically with the move functionality; - in that it works only after installing the game!   If i leave the game and then return to it, the mouse will only select the item and not move it!   I use Windows 7, SP2.I have de-installed twice and am now getting hacked off with it!  What is going on????"
76561198055944645,Recommended,251060,10850507,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CCardinals5,I kiled a lot of damn commies and capitalist pigs. Boats are meh. Everything else great.
,Recommended,251060,11150645,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Sir. NainKult,Un must-have. Vous ne meritez pas de vivre si vous ne possedez pas ce jeu ! Meilleur RTS de tout les temps.
76561197960388475,Recommended,251060,10504479,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,TV/VCR REPAIR,"Ships are a disappointment.  I think Airland battle was the best version.  This is still a good game and recommend it.  The AI is improved.  The AI still knows where your units are, they just need line of sight before they really engage."
,Recommended,251060,11575033,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Caffran,"Want a realistic RTS that tests your skill and wits as a the commander you always wanted to be, then this is your game! Lots of units to master and tatics you can use to win the battlefeild, takes a while to master but is always good fun. All the wargames that come out I highly recommend"
76561198024822309,Recommended,251060,11960663,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Silverraptor,"This game has a really steep learning curve, but once you get over that, it is increadibly fun! Mixed with a large part of realism, including line of sight through terrain, it is an increadibly well done RTS game. Do I recommend it? HELL YES!!"
,Recommended,251060,11961050,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Impetus,"It's like chess, but instead of pieces you have tanks and artillery and planes n♥♥♥♥♥♥ya feel me. but ♥♥♥♥♥ wait it's not like chess cuz you aint fightin on no damn board ♥♥♥♥♥ you fightin in Oslo norway or some♥♥♥♥♥♥DMZ type azn combat kim jung illin.This game is dank."
,Recommended,251060,11961807,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Remarkably Cavalier,"Eugen makes a game and keeps on giving. For free.I don't really know how many hours I have in the game. I also played Wargame: Air Land Battle. Both games are crazy good.10/ 10 must buy games. I really didn't like Euro Esca.Pros:Make your own army. Focus on what you want, play how you want.Massive unit roster. So big, it can be scary at first.Tons of different nations with unique playstyles and advantages.Quality. This game is finished, and then some.I used to buy Relic/Creative assembly games at the moment they were for sale. After COH 2 and Rome 2, I didn't know who to buy from anymore. I now buy from Eugen and DMS (Creators of Men Of War: Assault Squad.)Wargame is now the standard of RTS.Cons:Not good of a community. People stack like crazy.Steep learning curve.Buy it."
76561198107037500,Recommended,251060,15859382,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,GustavS | ASUS #ROG,This is a Simulation
76561197972623031,Recommended,251060,11984347,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Ben_D,"It's certainly not easy to learn for new comers...  It looks cool, but playing it takes a high level of understanding."
,Recommended,251060,17973090,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,SneakyBoi,THE BEST AND LAST WARGAME FROM EUGEN
76561198169984350,Recommended,251060,17122494,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,CelticWarlord,If youve played R.U.S.E then you will love this.
76561198095054379,Recommended,251060,22155328,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,imit.jax,"Great game,Now if only they would do a WW2 version or Vietnam version this sereies would be even better.It would finally replace the unballanced COH series and give us a realistic relm to fight in WW2."
,Recommended,251060,14907331,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kinger,"A great addition to the Wargame series. If you're already a fan of previous games, I would reccomend purchasing this."
76561197963624833,Recommended,251060,10455319,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,corknut,Best RTS. Ever.
76561198037997598,Recommended,251060,11852947,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,TJ,"Wargame Red Dragon is a flawed masterpiece. Flawed mind you, but a masterpiece all the same. An excellent iteration on the Wargame series, this game finally perfects the User Interface and the balance between the different combat arms, along with some damn impressive visuals. A definite buy, if you are willing to overlook its steep learning curve.8/10Pros:- Amazing visuals- A military techie's wet dream come true- Balanced gameplay with no one unit becoming overpowers (cough, cough, Shogun 2 paid dlc)- Developer's commitment to enhancing the game via FREE DLCCons:- Tutorial is laughably useless (seriously a text-based tutorial? You're better off using ALB's in-game tutorial instead)- STEEP learning curve (though the reddit server makes a lot more easer)- Lack of in-game VOIP support (using teamspeak fixes this, though it be nice if the developer added an in-game interface)- Navy is a bit weird at the moment...All in all a great game. A Must Buy!"
,Recommended,251060,27904239,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GambitHollow,I liked the game
76561198149293714,Recommended,251060,16622688,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,R4NGERFRONT,"Game is great, should include Aircraft Carriers so you could launch more fighter jets and have even greater naval battles. You should also be able to launch PT Boats on river in maps uch as the 38th parrallel."
76561198068838398,Recommended,251060,20854438,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,The ultimate sin is cum denial,"Probably one of the most interesting games I've ever played. Just the units alone make this game garner my attention. There's 1200+! And the gameplay really is a perfection of the RTS gimic of countering. Every unit has a counter, but some counters are better than others, and it's that split-second decision of not only picking counters, but also attacking and defending, that really gives this game it's charm. However, this game certainly isn't perfect. The naval battles basically consist of spamming as many large boats as you can, which really kind of takes away from the constraint of the land and air battles. The learning curve is pretty steep, which isn't helped by the pretty awful community. There is also a lot of rage-quitting in games, with little to no punisment for it. I love this game very much, and if either updates or a sequel could handle these problems, I would be very pleased."
,Recommended,251060,13561216,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,rYgel,"There's three games to the Wargame series, and in my opinion this is the best. A lot of people will disagree with me, and say that the 2nd; Air Land Battle was the best. However, this one here adds a completely new realm to the series; naval combat. I've played the second, and to this, this is much better. Not because of naval combat, but ""stuff"".The Red Dragon version is just into ""stuff"". You load up the game in some sort of military command room lit with ominous red lights and given 16,000 units to chose from. Yes. Sixteen thousand! Now, a lot of the units are just different units with different weapons, but I'd say 75% of them are completely modeled, textured, for their roll. Now, the issue I had when I loaded this up was to understand the difference between a ""USA Marine Stinger"" and a ""USA Marine Igla"" was. The two weapons are anti-air, have the same strength and so on. And you'll realize how confusing it is when you are juggling tons of units.The game play is completely different to all other RTS. You really need to coordinate with your team. Tell them to flank here or there, smoke a certain position to cover retreating units, send recon helicopters behind enemy lines near a mountain top and spot what ever they're doing. Don't expect to walk into a game and win. You'll either lose the ones you play, or just be carried by some amazing commander.The Campaign is lack luster. Not amazing. It's good for starting out, mainly for practice. But I would rather do skirmish battles. They're a little more fun, and you have more freedom. There isn't even a story so to speek.Would I reccomend this? Yes. It's a great game. I don't have much hours because I don't really have someone I can trust in a battle to protect me from getting flanked. And that's an issue you'll run into. Many unskilled players. So you either learn quickly, or dominate the other team.I'd get this if you want a change to most generic military RTS's out there. Just get ready for the incredable learning curve this game offers."
76561198027805855,Recommended,251060,16471542,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[KBH]MAP2098,hands down best ♥♥♥♥ing RTS ever
76561198125369505,Recommended,251060,12168849,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Lyokoboy13,"When I first played this game it confused the crap out of me...  I didn't understand it, and thought it would explain itself as I played the campaign...  Little help did that do...  I then started playing skrimish matches, trying to understand this game.  Later did I find out what the deck really was, then as I played more and more and experimented with more and more the more I began to understand this game.Now that I know the weapon types, skill, level, and tactics to use, I know quite a bit about this game now...  now no I'm still not a stratigic Master, however the more and more I play with others and find their strategies, the more and more I begin to know.  Now I still consider myself a noob at this game, but the more I understand it, the more I find out about how to do things...So about the game, let me tell it to you like this... It is kind of like chess, however the peices have already been set up by you and your opponent, and another thing... you don't know where they set theirs up at and they don't know where you set yours, now,  once you find the peice and thing you want to make a capture with your peice that is already in position... you have to consider if there are other peices out there they can use to take your peice you just used, or if you have peices that you think they can't see in position ready to help that peice once captured...  So take it like a mix of chess and battleship...  you don't know where they are, but when you find them how will they react to your attack, or defenceI give this game a 7/10 and recommend it to anyone who likes real time strategy on the battlefield that you can control a bunch opf units at one time."
,Recommended,251060,15102226,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,abel1717,What can I say. Its awesome!!! I can't get enough of it while I wait for HOI 4 to be released so i can alternate between the 2. I just wish I could create my own campaign at least by connecting a series of scenarios. but that would be like having heaven on Earth. lolworth every pennie.
76561198070824910,Recommended,251060,14911486,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Illumin8y,I don't know how to play this game
,Recommended,251060,17865698,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The Man in Black,"My number 1 RTS I have ever played, dynamic campaigns are epic and edgy."
76561198097881762,Recommended,251060,11486140,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,sh8mz,"This is my first ever review on steam. But I had to do it since this is an outstanding RTS game. This is by far the best strategy game ever built, and I have played them all since C&C. Just buy it and don't let complexity of the game discourage you. When you learn how to play this, you will have amazing time. 10/10"
76561197967864400,Recommended,251060,21307784,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ForsakenSco,wargame chat best chat lobby in any game period.
,Recommended,251060,19012978,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,TheUniporn,"The games that offer real time strategies with contemporary military units are only a few and they are generally unexceptional so you can imagine my excitement for the Wargame series. Red Dragon's timeframe expands from 1975 to 1991 and has over 1600 air/land/naval units from 17 countries. The units have been modeled with realism in mind and they even have fuel and ammo counters that you need to manage during a fight.Campaign mode might get a bit repetitive because sometimes you play the same map with the same units repeatedly. You can also manage troop compositions and deployment at a strategic level before fights but it's pretty light. Besides the five campaigns you also have multiplayer and skirmish mode. Even though the idea and its implementation are good, the game failed to really engage me.*Editors' Pick*Rating: OMG this is so cool!!! ...... *yawnnn*http://pixelloot.com"
,Recommended,251060,11530487,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Dan,It's airland battle with boats and north koreans. Also the ability to control time in single player.
76561198025770915,Recommended,251060,12329442,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Angry_WhiteGuy,One of my most favorite RTS games I've played
76561197990608119,Recommended,251060,12422627,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dreeme,"After soon have played 300 hours of this game i can safely say that this is one of Very few RTS games that i have really enjoyed in a very long time. This game have a steep learning curve which can make it hard for new player to really get to enjoy it. But after learning how to control your units, you must also watch out for your units ammo, health, morale, and also fuel for you tanks and armored transports, But this is really what makes this game really fun in my opinion."
,Recommended,251060,12423443,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mighty Mediocre,"Great strategy game, visually stunning and great gameplay. Needs some time investment to understand all the mechanics, but in my oppinion it's time well spent."
76561198050723770,Recommended,251060,12427341,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Nosebleed,Best RTS games in years!
,Recommended,251060,12427838,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Zafra,"Incredible real-world RTS, solid gameplay, graphics and the ability to customise your 'decks' (army's) makes replayability factor huge."
76561198023185401,Recommended,251060,12428385,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,maindarkmaster,"Definitely a strategy game worth acquiring to fill a role in your library. Similiar to Company of Heros series, but still clearly its own game. Has several unique moments, and highly rewards the player that learns unit capabilities and tactics.Pros: Interesting strategy game has new features over previous installments in the seriesCons: Not a welcoming game to new comers, be prepared to lose consistently in even the easy campaign until you pick up the tips and tricks of the trade"
,Recommended,251060,12436623,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,xeeks91,One of the best RTS game I have ever played!
76561198091961224,Recommended,251060,12471295,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,leocervantes27,get this game it hella fun you could be tactical or fooling around in this game :)
76561198044888999,Recommended,251060,12477684,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,[RPPK]Sir_Patrick,"Great game, very fun and tatical. needs aircraft carriers :)"
,Recommended,251060,12484436,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Real News,Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥good son
,Recommended,251060,12488659,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Bullshat,Bring back the cat B and C availability bonus and the game is alright
76561198011838017,Recommended,251060,12489400,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Neville,great game
76561198058064020,Recommended,251060,12338093,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,ssgsorrels,"Wargame Red Dragon offers an insanely deep strategy experience with a steep learning curve, but  I've only put a few hours in and im already starting to get the hang of it. With so many units, this game is heaven for military buffs. The A.I. is fairly intelligent, even though occasionaly I'd find enemy riflemen charging a dozen or so tanks, but they usualy show more sense than that. I havnt tried Multiplayer yet, but have heard thats even better."
76561198004035454,Recommended,251060,12357283,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,msr0027,Fun and challenging esp in multiplayer.
76561198109863915,Recommended,251060,12418620,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,MeleeIsFine,How many gigs of ram does this game take up?
76561198093895157,Recommended,251060,12448562,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Tiger Shark,Best RTS I have ever played! 10/10 I  would recommend to any cold war fan!
76561198050693666,Recommended,251060,12448584,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,HawkEyERio,IF you are a war technology enthusiast! YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198048352896,Recommended,251060,12490034,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cletus,Great strategy game. love the online multiplayer. Geat game to play with friends.
76561198071781344,Recommended,251060,12496012,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,lewis831,I love this game and while it has a steep learning curve once you get it you will love it. This is not a traditional RTS but more like a realistic military simulation strategy game. This adds more depth but it also means you need to really think in a strategic way compared to most other RTS strategy games where you win by spaming units. If you want a modern military strategy game that is heavily based on real military strategy instead of the typical RTS strategy game this game is for you.
,Recommended,251060,18619103,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,deadseal,Best strategy game ever. Coming from someone who started with age of empires....try it
76561198024493759,Recommended,251060,17224352,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,El Comandante RANGO / ZOHAN,very good. Somehow like chess XD
,Recommended,251060,15528798,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,SecretServiceOO,Very in depth stratagy and tactics game. Prepare for a VERY STEEP learning curve.
,Recommended,251060,9989606,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Davidov,"Massive improvement over Airland Battle, in nearly all aspects - from general gameplay like micro and macro management, to graphics and visuals. The new maps feature much more varied terrain than the previous game(s) and you'll need to think your tactics through with the specific terrain of each map in mind. The number of units nearly doubled, with new factions being added, and the existing factions getting some extra units, since the timeline has been extended to the mid '90s. The size of fielded forces in a deck has also increased, considering the somewhat larger maps and need to prepare for all types of confrontations (land, sea, air), or to further specialize with thematic decks (marine, motorized, airborne, etc.)Best part, though is that you can play as Best Korea. 10/10 GOTY.Edited later: Now they have Israel and Yugoslavia is only a few days away. The world's best kebab removal duo is in the gamme. How can you NOT want to play this?"
76561198048527305,Recommended,251060,23928090,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tr00he,"""Wargame: Red Dragon"" is the best ""Wargame"" so far and the only somehow realistic RTS game out there.Enough is written about the awesome parts, so I will mention here what I dislike about it.The micromanagement is not well done, other games make it significantly more comfortable to manage your units.The AI is not very good and so if you are not very good at giving your troops really idiot-proof orders, they will get themselves killed easily.The great 3D terrain is hard to estimate regarding its angles, so you often have the problem that in mountain or hill areas your troops cannot see or shoot the enemy as they are aiming too high or low.The more you zoom out, the less precise is the information about where your units are standing. The overview is bad.There is no playable tutorial to prepare you for all this, so yeah, you will lose a LOT of units and you will lose a LOT of matches against AI or humans until you find out how everything works.The devs should really work on fixing the problems mentioned above or consider them in their next ""Wargame"" - it should be more accessible and more comfortable to play, and you should be able to select an AI strategy for your individual units or groups of units so that they can work more autonomously.Ah, and the naval combat is still bad. It is overpowered and already during the creation of your deck it just feels wrong. You can build a nation-limited deck, e.g. France, and then still add U.S. anti-ship planes or a  Japanese Warship for naval combat? This doesn't fit to the rest. And if you already have naval combat, then please, add submarines, too!So much about the gameplay. Technically, the game is really beautiful. The graphics are nice and the engine is really well-optimized (runs perfectly smooth on any system), and I didn't notice any bugs.The only thing that is really missing is a better campaign. The game has in theory so much potential to make you feel connected to your troops as every solider even has his own name - so why is there no dramatic story to be told? Instead you play kind of chess, read some text messages and fight random matches against the not-so-bright but at the same time overpowered AI. Quite a disappointment compared to many other RTS gems out there. A scripted campaign to teach you how the game mechanics work (e.g. the campaigns in Blizzard's strategy games) so that you have at least a little chance to survive in multiplayer would be far better.It is hard to give this game a kinda objective rating as there are no competitors. It somehow has the same problem as the ArmA series - they are ambitious games trying to show a quite realistic approach to warfare, they have significant flaws, but at the same time they have no competitors.CONS:Bad AI, bad micromanagement, very bad UI (wrong unit position indications really, really suck!), imbalanced naval combat, disappointing campaign.PROS:Sweet engine, great multiplayer, huge variety of nations and units, deck making is fun, endless tactical possibilities and matches with your friends or against them are some of the best ever seen in RTS games."
76561198016608037,Recommended,251060,10397199,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Fonzaa,"You thought Wargame couldn't get better after Airland Battle?You thought wrong.Red Dragon is bigger, more challenging and more spectaculair.A must for every Wargame fan!"
,Recommended,251060,21875832,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,[BR]Edward III,"I really enjoyed this game for its tatical depth and (what it seems to a filthy casual) realism.Btw, it has glorious best korea.Naval combat is somewhat lacking, though, but else it is a great game, albeit with a terrible AI (it is meant to be multiplayer anyways).Oh, when you start, try some tutorials, experiment offline, then try to find an experienced friend to teach you; even if you do that you will be beaten down on your first games, and the other ones, always, but as you progress you may actually win ocasionally."
76561198059321083,Recommended,251060,28948991,Posted: 2 January,all,Starlight,"I played on Wargame EE for years, and I enjoyed it a lot;Well, this game is a whole new level of details and awareness, good work.Moreover, almost 2000 units is a really impressive amount.Some criticism though :- Improve AI on its intelligence (althought it's satisfying enough currently);- Modify the AI behaviour on sea battles, it's just unfunny to play against something so aggressive;- The more units you would add to the game (Leclerc 140 mm GIAT ftw), the most pleased we would be.Thank you for reading."
76561198106944075,Recommended,251060,32691742,Posted: 23 June,all,Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf,You need to be a NATO General to be good at this game. 10/10 would loose to north korea agian
76561198036707277,Recommended,251060,27649293,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[Ex]Pre$idente,One of the best strategy games i have ever playedProsHuge mapsToons of unitsToons of factionsRealismAnd...Jugoslavia is coming :PConsThe price is a bit too high in my opinion10/10
76561198050793858,Recommended,251060,25890498,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ondra112,"Wargame: Red Dragon is every RTS fan's sweet spot. With its rich variety of different units, starting with infantry, ending with air units, you're allowed to simulate random military operation, limited only by you and if you like scenarios, there's an extensive campaign - very difficult. What's also very great about this game is that it's still being provided with new fresh updates and additional DLCs - Israel is already out, Yugoslavia and Finland yet to come."
,Recommended,251060,25918138,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kinkyfulcrum,"The magnificently plumed firebird flew deeper into the forest. I could barely see my feet through the fog, stumbling on fallen branches and roots trying to keep pace with the bird. I reached an opening in the trees, to see the firebird perched atop a rock overlooking a pond. I asked the firebird, what do you want of me? The firebird turned towards me, raising its beautiful scarlet wings and imparting the wisest words I've ever heard,""♥♥♥♥ NATO dude."""
,Recommended,251060,15117949,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Caio Alexandre,"One of the greatest games of Modern War, if you are looking for a great strategy game, and also loads of fun, get this game."
76561198032183703,Recommended,251060,33022888,Posted: 29 June,all,usmc_sgt98,"When it comes to military strategy games this one is pretty good. I love the challenge this game has when it comes to thinking ahead and trying to counter your opponents moves with different units. There needs to be a balance between your best units and the cost of them, and don't forget about your logistics. The campaign modes are pretty good. After hundreds of hours playing I enjoy the so called hardest level. You have 22 turns which can actually take you a few days to complete but my best has been 11 days. There is also a great mix between ground battles and naval warfare. The only downside that I faced with this game was in the beginning during the learning curve. Once I started to understand more of the tactics used in this game it began to get a bit easier to win, especially the campaign modes. Skirmish mode however... I like medium and its a challenge to say the least. You can build your own army from ground troops, armor, naval, fixed wing, rotary wing, spec ops.... This is where it gets interesting and fun. Anyways... Its like an intense game of chess but with military units..."
76561198061366237,Recommended,251060,25431984,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Im Mr Pibb,After the first 200 hours the game starts actually getting fun but otherwisePros~Graphics are goregous~500+ units~Fun community(arguable)~Sounds are amazingCons~No dedicated servers~VERY high learning curve like i said in the beginning~Some armies such as Australia and North Korea are unbalancedSummaryVery amazing addicting game but takes alot of time to get good or to even learn the basics of the game but even then skirmish is fun and you will spend most of your time building a good deck/army but its a fun game if you love rts games btw little to no structures to build so its not like a c&c game its mainly all units. NOTE: the mod selection on wargame is limited
,Recommended,251060,11266525,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,bazile azile,Best Wargame even if ships battles are broken.
,Recommended,251060,11270072,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,RedFighter,Excelent game when you like Real Time Strategy without basebuilding.
,Recommended,251060,20798205,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Randall,One of the greatest games that makes you feel like your losing when you're actually winning.
76561198072821188,Recommended,251060,12647732,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,TredBear,"This gave us very interesting, fun, and strategic. If you enjoy Real TIme Strategy games, then this will be perfect for. This game features hundreds of units to choose from and play as. You can choose which type of person you want to be in the game as well. You can be the artillery man of the battle, the spearhead of the operation with your tanks, control the seas with the ships, or have complete air superiority with your planes. The only complaint I have with this game is that there is not a huge emphasis on ships as advertised.I give this game an 8/10 and I highly recommend you play it if you enjoy RTS games."
76561198058172194,Recommended,251060,10442803,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Nezu,"Wargame Red Dragon is the best real time tactical game ever made. It has the right amount of arcade components mixed with authenticity providing the best war experience you can get.  If you are searching for a game with a long learning curve, a game that rewards tactical planning and execution look no further. This is the game that will ask your brain to work unlike the 1000 Starcraft type clones out there who rely on reflexes and practice. Tired of overpaid DLC's, not here, Wargame Red Dragon gives you free DLC's and this DLC's are no joke, actual content like new units and maps.Not all is perfect, specially in the balance department, but when a game gives you 1500 different units and dozens of different maps, one can't expect balance to be achieved overnight."
,Recommended,251060,10286727,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Flora,"I've played plenty of strategy games and I can say that Wargame: Red Dragon is the most detailed and realistic strategy game I've ever played. You can create your own deck for Eastern and Western Blocks. If you are an agressive player you can customize it for fast and devastating attacks, If you're an defensive player you can choose powerful artillery units to fire strategic points. There are a lot of different tactics in battlefield. You should also be careful about units morals. They're getting panicked in raids. Comrade, If you like strategy games, this game should be in your collection."
76561198131363575,Recommended,251060,10504445,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,ArcticHawk,"very strategic game, you never encouter someone with the same deck as you because of the 1450+ units. the campaign can be somewhat improved but overall it stil holds up. really recommend it for RTS fans."
76561198119614661,Recommended,251060,12587353,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Trout,"This is a must have for anyone who likes games like red alert 3, supreme commander, Arma 3 and other stratagie games"
76561198011453281,Recommended,251060,13099453,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,The PoleCat,This game is very pretty and fun to watch.It is so frustrating It will make you want to go outside and burn your neighbor's house down.I am not good at it.
,Recommended,251060,16102343,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,TERMINATOR,"One of the greatest modern RTS games of all time, far better than your average RTS. Features realistic combat between various units from Aircraft and Navies to Infantry and APCs. A small tactical mistake such as losing a strategic road intersection can cost you a battle. The game has a difficult learning curb but still is fun to play. Features every major Warsaw Pact and NATO nation such as ANZAC, UK, USA, USSR, West Germany, Japan, Both Koreas, China and several more nations. Each nation has at least 100-250 different units ranging between every kind of human technological innovation in the Cold War such as Jet Fighters, Anti-Aircraft, Modern Tanks, Rocket Artillery, and much more. The only thing this game needs is major Middle East nations that played a large role in the Cold War such as Iran, Iraq, Israel, Turkey, Syria, and Egypt. Otherwise, this game has over 2000 different units combined, intensely realistic combat, requires the player to make complicated tactical and strategic choices in both campaign, singleplayer, and multiplayer. One of the greatest RTS games of all time, if not the best.10/10"
76561197963349861,Recommended,251060,23214485,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Pixel Dude,"I'm digging this game so far.  It's like total war and company of heros had a baby.  A lot of folks are saying it is really hard, but it's not that hard if you setup a skirmish against an easy enemy and give yourself a hard or very hard ally on your team.  ;)  That's how I play most RTS games that allow you to have allies, until I figure out the units a little better.  Graphics are nice, but the only thing I don't really like is that the infantry looks silly up close when they run around, like they are sliding on the ground.   Just doesn't look that good, but most of the time you will be playing with the camera zoomed out far enough that they just look like little ants anyhow.  Sound effects are nice too, love the sound of the bullets flying around in the game."
,Recommended,251060,20778270,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,jbjw,"Beware, toxic spill."
,Recommended,251060,23139260,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Scythe,Very good RTS game. I would definitely recommend it to my friends.
,Recommended,251060,14432024,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mute #WhoDaresWins,This game is the most complicated and most realistically fun rts game i have ever played! Yes it so hard at first (particulary to those who are new to the wargame franchise like me) but it will become challenging! The only annoying thing is the pubs :v there is a lot of quitters and campers.
76561198096414759,Recommended,251060,23154339,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,NfamousFox,Still can't beat the first mission wasted 12 hrs of my life 11/10 would play again
,Recommended,251060,23162249,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,kdbag,People play the single player of this? lol
76561197987304354,Recommended,251060,21713408,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mocco,"Wargame is a very cool game. It makes me come back to play it even if I lose most of the time.Pro:+ The game is esthetically pleasing and very detailed.In the game you can see the entire theatre of war from above and get a perfect view of the overall progression of the battle. Or you zoom in to the grunts seeing them assaulting, devastating and dying with flamethrowers, cluster bombs, mortars etc.It looks just like in the trailer.+AVAILABLE NUMBER OF UNITSI guess they have about 1500 units in this game. Each one beautifully detailed with their own country typical weapons and decals. This is concerning the land armies. The naval units are not typical to every nation. There are Russian and Chinese and American typical units. This might also be due to the fact that small nations don't have the money to develop their own warships. Anyway, 1500 units is good to me.I have to admit that there are also a lot of units that are just copies from other nations with another decal. An example for this is the leopard tank. It's a solid unit and that's why you can find it in nearly every NATO nation’s army. But even this tank has sometimes different stats depending on the nation.+ Air to Air and Air to Ground and Air to Ship combat is the best simulated one I know in a strategy game. It's very nice and a plus to the game since air land battle.+ONLINE BATTLESOnline battles are the bread and the butter of the game. So you will end up playing against other players most of the time. It is definitely a solid gameplay. I have to say it is hard for beginners so you better invest time to get to know your units. Which is kind of a draw back if you just wanna jump on the online game and defeat others like nothing? This is not what is going to happen. You will lose a lot of times before you win. This is because the game has a lot depth due to its huge number of available units. My mind set on playing online changed from ""I want to win the game"" to ""I want to give the enemy a run for their money"".+ UNIT SELECTIONThe selection of the units is a really based on a really good system. You have lets say 55 points to put units into your unit card deck. A unit card deck defines the amount and kind of units you're leading into battle. You can increase these points to get more cards. So you can deploy more units or you invest points to get better units but less of them. You can also specialise your deck to lets say airborne. This means you have all good fighters, choppers plus Arial prototype units available but you are badly equipped with ground units. This system enables role play for you and your friends and is fun on the battlefield. It also forces army variation.BUGS:- When you zoom in to a place on the map where a battle was commenced, there is a graphic bug at times. The craters of the bombs appear above the ground and not in the ground.Single Player:- The single player is a complete different experience to the online game. With different I mean it is weaker. You have a strategy map with a lot of territories (maps) to fight on, which is good and a nice Idea because this way a campaign is fought on maps according to your decisions. This is a nice idea, BUT there are always some strategic more valuable territories to play on then others. This results in playing over and over again on the same map. The Idea is nice but it's not well thought through.- On top of this is the AI. It's not clever and in my opinion it didn't get better over the series. After 3 games you know what it is after and you can adjust yourself to it. The only challenge is the number of troops that are thrown at you.- Presentation of the single player got weaker with the series progression. Meaning it was the best in Wargame European Escalation and it's the weakest in Red Dragon in my opinion. Air Land Battle isn't a far cry from Red Dragon so you decide which one is worse. :)What exactly is weaker on the presentation?:In European escalation you have an introducing video after each mission played. It's not much but it's better than a screenshot show or some artwork colleagues who tell you what to do. This is what you can expect in Wargame red Dragon, cartoon colleagues with speech bubbles.In total I would say the single player is a tutorial to get you ready for the real deal, the online matches.- The Ship battles are boring. Let's sum it up to ""The player with the biggest host of naval units wins."" That’s it.BAD THINGS IN ONLINE PLAY:ARTY SPAM:A lot of people use artillery spam. This is pointless in my view because everybody can do this and it only drains resources of your team. It doesn't kill a lot of enemies; it stuns them at best and kills some infantry and light vehicles. But in the end it's just over used.PEOPLE WITH NO BALLS:If you join a game 10 vs. 10 Players you wait at first ages until the lobby is full and the game can begin. As soon as you are on the battlefield and start playing you can be sure somebody left the lobby already. Or and this is when it comes to the low number of balls. People leave the game when the see that there team isn't doing so well. This in turn makes the game short since if people leave the remaining people have to manage additional units left from the gone player. Micro mgmt. becomes a pain and you know you can't win since the enemy team has more players to manage their troops.GAME ENCOURAGES PEOPLE TO LEAVE ONLINE MATCHESThe best thing is that the game encourages players to leave a game. Since there is a game mod that counts the number and the value of the units you lost and destroyed. If you are the last player on the map because you're a man that fights to the last man you get punished on the statistics. Because you are the one who lost the most units. It's just natural that the last player left loses the most units. So statistically wise the one player that was the best one because he didn't leave is the worst one.So this is it about my review. I hope it helped you to get an Idea about that game and if you will give it a try or not. And my personal thump up to you if you did read the entire thing."
,Recommended,251060,14430558,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ex-Dew,awesome game and wellmade that sadly has a small playerbase
76561198013219117,Recommended,251060,21675893,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Alucard,"One of the better RTS games I've played. The only other RTS to give me the same rush on multiplayer would be World of Confict. you can feild massive amounts of troops to the battlefeild and if you do not use strategy can still be pushed back. Steamrolling is less susceptable in this game like you would see in company of hereos 2 when facing germans. If your being pushed back use your artillery to pound the land between them and you or if they have a strong defence soften them up with artillary and airstrikes. land marines and vehicles behind their lines, or air assualt infantry into towns to hold the line for a rapid defence. Use destroyers and frigates to pound the coast or smaller ships up rivers to handle pesky amphibious vehicles from sneaking on the other side of the river. The game has a vast arsenal of troops and even after 100+ hours in the game i have not explored all of the different nation's varying units and how to best use them. If your a strategy nut that likes real time over turn based ones this would be a must have for you.Pros:- Very good balanced units between Nato and block forces. you can enter a match and not feel that one side has an advantage over another towards victory.- Having supply lines has always been a nice touch. Dont expect to keep units in a fight for ever. Fuel, ammo, and armor will deterioate over time along with morale. keep them supplied with cargo trucks and cargo helis.-challenging campaigns.-very nice models of vehicles with good accurate weapon names and characteristics.- infantry actually has a role on the battlefeild and wont feel insignificant versus tanks, can do plenty of damage if used properly and are the best units to have when defending parts of the map. in urban environments they are second to none and you'll have to burn them out.Cons:-Ships are lacking somewhat in larger combat classes such as frigates and especially destroyers. No cruisers so don't look. its mostly corvette and smaller style ship warfare using anti-ship missiles enmass.- AI will always know where your command units are haha, does not matter if they are hidden. They will also artillary strike hidden units that sit in one spot too long even if they have yet to spot them.- Some balancing is needed in ground based AT missiles still, depending on who you ask the block forces seems to hold an advantage there as many of their tanks are equipped with them.Very good game. I'd give it a 9/10 easily."
,Recommended,251060,20312262,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TheNamelessLegend,"This game taught me that you have to manually unload the squads from their vehicles, naval and aircraft based decks are really powerful and that carpet bombing your enemy is not only fun, but extremely effective against infantry10/10 would kill 80 enemy infantry all at once againEdit:After playing a bunch of games against AI, I thought I was ""experienced"" enough to play a PvP match...I have never been so wrongYou never know just how fast the♥♥♥♥♥♥will hit the fan"
76561198084652883,Recommended,251060,11410419,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,JBDaywalkr,"Absolutely awesome rts, top one in my personal opinion"
76561198011612305,Recommended,251060,21039908,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,isuck,"I've played Wargames European Escalation, WarGames AirLand Battle, and WarGames Red Dragon.This game will give you a real appreciation of scale from company to brigade -level action.If you don't understand what that is this game is not for you (judging by all the negative reviews of people going ""not as advertised"").True story."
76561198047339801,Recommended,251060,20787550,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Techpriest,"Fun, somewhat informative about various coldwar militaries, but the AI cheats like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and your average online player is far far more skilled than you'd expect. I have been wrecked more times than I'd like to admit at this game."
,Recommended,251060,11896902,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Eppu,Finland is now in the game :3
76561198020711100,Recommended,251060,13233738,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Ryeridge,Great Rts game experiece of all time it is twice as good as any other that i have seen and is incredibly up to date if youre looking for your next game id recommend this one to you
76561198055207355,Recommended,251060,14201183,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,@TheRealDonald,"For all those hardcore stratagy gamers,I GIVE YOU WARGAME:RED DRAGONwith all your RTS favourites like:-b5 takes out half of your speztnaz because he was 'bored'-talk about everything military related on the chat-have your udulay II kill 30 po-hangs in 30 secs. with op asm-have your udulay II killed by NATO asm spam-have evacing plane turn right into 4 BUK-M1's-and many more!!!!!RATING?               11/10 SIMPLY SPECTACULAR!"
,Recommended,251060,14347578,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,megafauna,10/10 Best lobby sim to date
,Recommended,251060,13291627,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Illusive Man,"Absolutely the best RTS game out there.Pros:A lot of different units to shoot upNice variation of maps (land or sea, does not matter as long as everybody have free DLC's)Music and sounds true to the units.Very good graphicsCons:A lot of time people just abandon you in multiplayer (mostly raging kids who fail at first strike)Sometimes when there is 10v10 battle it will take hours, unless people quit (like they usually do in first 30 min)Little Unbalanced when you play VS Russian deck's.Cheating AI :DBut overall it is greatest RTS out there."
76561198048233482,Recommended,251060,27861940,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FireScorpion,awesome game!
,Recommended,251060,10454462,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Tom,"If you love everything Cold War and Strategy, this game is for you. Also, the global chat is practically its own game as well. Beware however, this game is not for everyone due to its difficult learning curve and micromanagement skills needed to play successfully."
76561198012103418,Recommended,251060,27569661,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jdeis17,This game is worth your time!
,Recommended,251060,29222499,Posted: 13 January,all,IDescribedEternity,"This is my first RTS purchased on Steam and it's certainly going to be my last because no RTS compares to Wargame: Red Dragon in terms of depth, eye candy, difficulty, realism and entertainment!I don't even need to entail why. Look gameplay footage of this game. Now compare that to spamming bunch of units of one type in a tight cluster attacking another set of units in a tight cluster with a 5 inch distance between the two groups like you see in other RTS's. Case closed.If you're a scrub-weakling like me then I hope you have a lot of patience and love for the game element because this game is ABSOLUTELY ruthless and you really have to dig across the internet to get every bit of knowledge needed just to figure out what to do. Then comes execution and I find this game challenges your micromanaging abilities but not so much that it's Starcraft AZN APM or die level. It's just that you need both to do well.I still recommend this game to beginners because there are valid alternatives via doing comp stomps (You and rl people versus the AI), Single-Player Skirmish Mode or just simply finding a weaker player than you. Just note that you should pursue 1v1's instead because 10v10's diminish your ability to influence games. Plus, all RTS's are a pain to learn so really seeking easier RTS to get gud at will still leave you feeling frustrated, especially since this is the BEST RTS ever in terms of realism, graphics and gameplay YET YOU DON'T OWN IT because you're still playing Battle of Toontow...err I mean RA 3.Expert RTS'ers should buy this because I'm obviously qualified to tell you so. Really though, I'm not a expert RTS'er so I'm in the dark about everything.Watching replays is quite a satori though. Especially if you're a beginner and you win you first match and it's well executed.Also qualifies as a educational game. Good for the children to teach or just those who like learning new things about real life military equipment and outfits.Community is toxic. Much worse than the World of Tanks community from my experience.Tl:Dr: Best RTS ever with the same hard af learning curve. Good for beginners because all RTS'es are hard to learn either way and might as well pick up a S tier RTS. Extreme challenge with extreme rewards.10/10PS: Dark Souls of RTS games?"
,Recommended,251060,28243845,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BOMBARDERA,Painetaan ku bonzoa konsanaan
,Recommended,251060,27343573,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[J4F] Sentinel,"Uniquely challenging strategy game, whose heart is in the competitive tactical multiplayer. Recon is key to victory, patience and perseverance your best allies.Has its defects, but it's definitely reccomended."
76561197999959294,Recommended,251060,27327738,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Col Cain [~EW~],"Fun, in a way that hammering nails into your own head is. You know."
76561198164228913,Recommended,251060,28096617,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mattree45,this is a good if tough to learn game with stuning visuals
76561198039789172,Recommended,251060,23333826,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Lidvad,"French developers, RTS, Not so cold war, everything\'s perfect <3"
,Recommended,251060,29221814,Posted: 13 January,all,Taliats,"Played a multiplayer game as britain, we were doing alright until i brought a challenger II onto the field, one by one, the oposing players surrendered."
76561198074128157,Recommended,251060,23089846,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Doge,"This is, as far as I'm aware, a pretty unique type of real time game. By this I mean they did an amazing job on things like, the volume of control you have over the camera for the best views of everything, the insane scale on all the maps, the insane amount and variety of different units that you can make and have on the field at once with a group of other people, the realistic and very realistic physics of bullets and explosions, and one of my all time favorite things of any and all real time strategy game, being able to rank up your units, what's more fun than having an insanely elite group of units that can kill a dozen tanks or helicopters.The campaign is also pretty amazing, considering, if this was published by someone else, they probably wouldn't have even made it.NOTE: I may be considerably biased towards this game's review, since, I own all the series games, so... Yeah, But I've also only ever really ever known about the series since Wargame: Airland Battle which is also pretty amazing.My final summery is, get the game if you can, if you can't, get the franchise especially since I decided to post this when I saw this, since, it's one of my favorite games! Oh! And another thing, they give out free map packs which, for both this and airland battle there is already like 4 free map packs out for each."
,Recommended,251060,21610361,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,garry colemans bodyguard,this game has basically taken over my life and i need to play it at least twice a day to stay happy. GOD HELP ME
,Recommended,251060,21261851,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,1prelude,"Pros:Great graphics for the RTS genreGood variety of mapsHuge variety of units and countries to playLots of detail in weapons and vehicle specsGood representation of real-world weapon systemsSatisfies the inner armchair general.Cons:Poor integration of naval combatSteep learning curve, terrible tutorialsPredictable AIPoor chat systemSometimes clunky interfaceMediocre sound effectsNot mod friendly"
,Recommended,251060,27581254,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hershmek,yes
,Recommended,251060,20473722,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Jo,-Got heavily insulted from team-mate for beeing a noob.-10/10 would bomb my own team again.
76561198045852037,Recommended,251060,21903171,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Lord Newbury,"Fantastic game, with a huge array of options within the game regarding strats. However, when playing the DPRK (North Korea) there is only one viable strategy:1 - Deploy2 - Think everything is going well3 - Inexplicably die4 - Blame it on equipment and the Westerners5 - Repeat steps 1-410/10. True Korean is Best Korea."
,Recommended,251060,20010530,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SJ,"This game took my life. This is that type of game that when you're bored or just want to kill some time, this game is the first one to pop in to your head.Pros+Many different types of units+Huge battles+ Create your own ""decks"" with the units you want+Different outcomes everytime you play (Never gets old)+Free DLCsCons-Naval skins are not accurate and are poorly designed-Redford Navy is OP-No modding support-AI cheats and is OP as hellAdvise you the developersFix the Naval system as well as the skins and also please allow workshop to be integrated to the game so that we can have some mods without searching the internet and we can turn have different types of scenarios.8/10 Would spam helicopters again (thats 5/7 for you 9gaggers out there)"
76561198154575824,Recommended,251060,20015429,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sol,Very good game from great developers!
76561198198591706,Recommended,251060,19998111,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pro§Ład,Good
76561197992268471,Recommended,251060,20038447,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,EG|Pino,"This game is definitely not for everyone but i like it very much. When your used to playing red alert 2 and generals zero hour then you need some time to adjust. Buying recon, putting your units in the forest for cover and shutting down weapons that you shouldnt use were things that i havent seen in previous real time strategy games. I recommend to play 10 vs 10 online because the maps are very large. With 10 people you can devide the map between the players so everyone has its territory to defend. But the thing I recommend most is to buy one unit and micromanage and make a story with it."
,Recommended,251060,14751366,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mioyou#Kawaii,"I was confused in the Beginning, but if you have Friends helping you out and help you out from Second 0 its all good! This Game is a blast and a definitive Recommendation for RTS-Fans, though its harder than your 0815 RTS-Game!"
,Recommended,251060,20818478,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lee,"If you love RTS games, you will fall in love with this. Make sure you have a beefy computer and a good amount of time on your hands as these games generally are not short. Be sure to watch TONS of videos on this game and read a lot of guides to understand the sheer depth of this game.Realism, great graphics, satisfying to the core. Go watch some gameplay and be amazed as you control units on the sea, air, and land all at once while supporting each other.Once you make your purchase, you will find you really payed for a chat room with a great game added on."
76561198265209315,Recommended,251060,20585894,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,dockside,Why are you reading this review?Just buy it!10/10
,Recommended,251060,20723013,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Webboy,"1500 hours on steam record, still discovering new units to use."
76561198099156178,Recommended,251060,14688402,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,LUKE.EXE,North Korea are in it.10/10
76561198036281817,Recommended,251060,12743482,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tabasco,"day one: ""you are a noob"" =you have been banned from this lobby=day two: ??day three ""you are a pubstomper"" =player has left=but still, best wargame ever (for land, the ships are just for show)"
76561198068249660,Recommended,251060,12100880,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Duzzins 米軍,TANKS
76561198004845346,Recommended,251060,14432260,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Gaz Colcombe,"Simple enough to pick up and play, but complex enough to sink in dozens of hours and still be far from mastering.My only gripe is the single player campaigns, although dynamic enough to be different from playthrough to playthrough, there just isn't enough of them, the scale is miniscule compared to what could be offered and the AI is lacking and makes strange decisions throughout - severely hamstringing the experience."
76561197971748569,Recommended,251060,19915672,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Choad,"An excellent game, an RTS that focuses on the S part for a change.  No build orders, no base building, just using the map to advantage.  Quite punishing until you get used to it, this is all about balanced forces and combined arms."
76561197980292794,Not Recommended,251060,19851582,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sword_of_Light,"I wanted to love this game.  It had so much going for it - it was following up on two really good games, it had improved on some of the weaknesses of the older games.  It was going to have a naval component.It turned out to be much too ambitious.  The naval aspect was a question of who could spam more anti-ship missiles, there were few ships to chose from, and Eugen didnt even bother to add engine noise.   The single player campaigns are boring - a war across the most heavily defended border in the world comes across as a slap-fight.  There isnt much in the way of policing the multi - so expect TKs, nazis, racists, name calling.  You know, everything that's wrong with online gaming.This could be forgiven, if it werent for Eugen's policy of Nerf-or-Nothin' - every few months, we'd get an 'update' which radically changed the specs on the game's units - what you could buy, how strong they were, etc.  It was maddening - and not new - they did the same thing with Wargame ALB.Even THAT could be forgiven, if the game werent so unstable.  Stuttering is commonplace, CTD is commonplace.  Stuttering that turns to locking is commonplace.  Sometimes giving RD the three-fingered salute doesnt kill it - I discovered the game was still running in the background after last crash, despite having closed it in Manager.  Why is my GPU running at 70C at rest?  Oh, RD is still running.I really wanted to like this game.  There was so much potential.  But Eugen should have gone with its first thought, and just released it as a DLC.-DonEDIT:9/28/16Hey, look, they released the Low Countries for money.  Yeah, well, I'm not gonna spend more money .... uh...where are my aircraft?  You released a DLC - that I dont even own - that still screwed up my decks?  Not all of them, just most, so if I want to play the game I've got to go through the lot, figure out which ones are now missing their aircraft, and re-add them.  Oh, and you've done it for naval aircraft too!  Hey, so now I have a second round of going though and re-adding - not all my decks, just some - just to make it that much more of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  Thanks, Eugen, you'll never see another dime of my money.EDIT:10/4/16  You ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  You ♥♥♥♥ing did it again.  Now none of the units which had the stealth fighter have it.  Stuff is missing from the Soviet decks.  You ♥♥♥♥ing incompetent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  A professional company would have made changes when the DLC was bought.  A great company would give the DLC to its loyal customers.  Remeber doing that?  Remember how great we thought you were when you added stuff to ALB free of charge?  Really made me eager to buy your next product. Under new management, I guess. ♥♥♥♥♥♥heads."
76561198043988340,Recommended,251060,19213409,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,SP10T,"I'm taking Charlie.*Player 1 gone offline**Player 2 gone offline**Player 3 gone offline*Well, I guess it's me agains't whole Chinese Army! :D"
76561197970290522,Recommended,251060,17139002,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,A N G E R Y,"How do I start,A couple years ago I had a friend of mine introduce me to ALB and I was instantly in love with the franchise. I don't see myself as a hardcore gamer but more as a casual gamer. However, Wargame basically said ""♥♥♥♥ you"" and took control of every second of free time I had and made me a hardcore gamer that loved exterminating RedFor decks and trolling poor fools in multiplayer maps with my sneaky Longbows and potential spies on their teams telling me where their CVs were.When Red Dragon came out I spent endless nights slaughtering poorly built/researched North Korean and Chinese decks with my modern uberpowered European deck. What's a Scandanavian coalition doing in Korea? Idgaf it's cool♥♥♥♥♥♥so don't ask why. Basically this game took control of my life, had me realize my friends are incompetent/dickbrains, made me late for school many times and maybe even♥♥♥♥♥♥in a bottle.Buy this game if you're ready to expend countless hours of your life screaming, crying, touching yourself because of chub airstrikes, encountering real strategical challenges and making tactical decisions due to the dynamic nature of the game play.♥♥♥♥ B-5s,John Lenin11/10"
,Recommended,251060,17439476,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Swiffer,400 hours in and i still get rekt
76561198307187251,Recommended,251060,30486450,Posted: 13 March,all,Steve Jobs,"Its perfect, its the game I have been looking for, for ages. Recommended"
76561197970333239,Recommended,251060,17838472,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,dwringer,"A good addition to the series but a few flaws hold it back from being the crowning achievement it could have been.Depending on the map played, sometimes the craters that appear from heavy shelling will appear to exist in a layer of dirt that exists a few feet below the transparent ground that used to be there before.  Normally it isn't even noticable but if you zoom in a lot on areas that get heavily bombarded you will see problems.  This was not a problem in ALB and hopefully might get patched in the next major update.The game is the first in the series to let you set up AI players to use your own custom-made decks, which means you can create target-practice decks or simulate historical or hypothetical engagements (well... sort of, heh).The addition of new units really changes the gameplay mechanics, as enemy AA defenses will rely far less on easily-vulnerable radar guidance systems.  Also, although you get a few more units per card than in past titles, the maps are much larger and can really punish you for losing certain units.  These arguments are all illustrated best in the AH-64D Longbow, which is the US's endgame glass cannon capable of turning a match completely around... or being a large waste of points never to return (you get 1 or 2 per deck, period).A very fun title which is also relevant enough to get denial-of-service attacks from the North Koreans on a monthly basis.  The game also automatically logs you into the chat room where you can see them taunt our capitalist way of life.8.5/10"
76561198022229728,Recommended,251060,20903045,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Jon,Lobby Simulator 2015. Love it! 10/10
,Recommended,251060,11669126,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,DrSquirrelBoy12,"Wargame Red dragon puts you in command of a massive arsenal of cold war weaponry allowing you to out think your opponent and counter him before he can counter back. The thriving community and chat alone contribute so much to this game and make it even better than similar games. When I first started I sucked, and you will probably also suck to begin with. I mean I doubt you will memorize all 1400 units before playing your first multiplayer match, if you do then you are awesome. But my first few matches were fun and they still are now that i am no longer a novice. Even though I lost I still had fun, and you know a game is doing somthing right when even losing is fun. This game has tremendous replay potental in the Multiplayer though the campaign doesn't have the best AI. No two games will ever have be the same because of unit diversity. I reccomend reading Sandy Gunfoxes 200 page guide here on steam or in google docs if you are new to the seris to help familiarize you with the basics and unlearn conventional RTS strategies and adopt real world tactics which this game relies on. This game is amazing, and if you get bored of the game (which I doubt will happen anytime soon) you can sit in chat and talk about all sorts of things from the F-35 fighter jet to the Syrian crisis with the community. This game should be owned by anyone who loves military strategy and/or history. 10/10"
,Recommended,251060,26696179,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Umbreon,This game is hot like my signore
,Recommended,251060,13350987,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Anax of Rhodes,"This is not a game for me.  I can't beat an equally-supplied A.I. on the same map.  Maybe I expected my minimal RTS skills to translate better to Red Dragon, but it's plainly obvious they don't.Wargame: Red Dragon is worth trying out.  If you're a strategy buff and love the Cold War era and the years just after them, you'll get a kick of nostalgia out of this game.  The dizzying array of units to choose from is enough to keep you occupied for thousands of hours.  Game runs smoothly, player base is active, sounds are satisfactory, music a little repetitive, and pathing is fair enough.  You will remain a noob for many scores of hours if you're totally new to the Wargame franchise.  I can't say whether that should dishearten or encourage you.  It's a steep learning curve, but one worth testing regardless."
76561198088341981,Recommended,251060,22596950,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Bedrik Bradberd,Keep on loosing against easy AI. 10/10 would lose real bad and ragequit again.
,Recommended,251060,24791501,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Captain Cavitation,"Nato is better than the Soviet union and soviet states10/10(If it says game not installed, I needed to uninstall to get more space on laptop and will reinstall on desktop)"
76561198015831573,Recommended,251060,21430363,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,old dude,Great game with a massive amount of variety. Building decks for different scenarios provides endless options. Could do with a couple of new ideas to freshen up. New units and maps would help.
76561198035688267,Recommended,251060,23297829,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Finn McMissile,"Although the community size varies massively, Wargame: Red Dragon is a stepup on the rest of the series.A very good warfare simulator and grants huge control to the player on army makeup and actions.9.5/10"
,Recommended,251060,21913649,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,람보,"Some of the largest, most intense matches I've ever played in an RTS game. This game allows air, armour, mechanized, infantry and now naval combat all in one battle. Largely customizable armies to use during skirmishes or multiplayer, ranging from nearly every major European country to the US, the Commonwealth, China, the Koreas, and Japan. Incredibly challenging campaigns, even for the best of RTS players."
,Recommended,251060,14790072,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dan,"the audio ""Open the gate, shunfeng express"" sucks, hahaha"
76561198032864490,Recommended,251060,14831448,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Whiteman,GREAT GAME. WANT MORE DLC AND ANOTHER GAME. and could give ideas for next game LOL
76561198179701507,Recommended,251060,14787128,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,CITIZEN_GREEN,Great RTS. Have to consider everything from amo and fuel to cover.
,Recommended,251060,14791785,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mozzy f(x),I can have Swedish units.10/108en/10
76561198029176926,Recommended,251060,14792533,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mfsmm,Kills La Fayette destroyer with cheap chinese napalm.10/10 would smoke cloack device again.
,Recommended,251060,14800866,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MadPeach Ѽ,This is one of the best rts strategies i have evar played.This is awesooome!!!!Large mapsUp to 10vs10 players on one mapVery good graphicsTons of unitsMajestic battles
,Recommended,251060,14816585,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Gucci,Larger than normal learning curve but one of the best RTS games out there once you get used to it.10/10 potatoes
76561198161007162,Recommended,251060,14822900,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ticoco,Unreal game just like total war games but with troops and tanks
76561197965971060,Recommended,251060,14931894,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Effenkool,"This game is crack, I have wasted my life playing this real time strategy game. Rock paper, scissors is implemented in all the units even though real life wouldn't say so. This keeps the game play fun and easy for anyone. Many countries and thier military units to choose from, make a deck of nato or pact units to fight with. This makes sure spam doesn't happen and fair even balance in the game, and trust me when I say this. No other game brings military strategy to the table like this game. This game stands on its own, nothing can compare to it. This is a must have for any strategy player."
76561197962464270,Recommended,251060,15635986,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ein Name wie kein Name,Best realistic RTS
76561198065280216,Recommended,251060,17910094,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Raz1K  -Looking for Team or Clan,"Hey, the game is on sale now. don't second guess ,buy it now!. Best for armchair generals out there. it's highly addictive game once you hooked up to it especially the multiplayer,forget the campaign there isn't much depth in its stories. For starters ,you may have a hard time figuring out the mechanics  and the learning it has a steep leArning curve . Don't be intimidated to hop in multiplayer games ,experience can teach you!"
76561198019380005,Recommended,251060,12031310,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,ZuluFucxs,The learning curve can be pretty sharp on this. But its fun with friends. Its best to learn with friends too. Its the best RTS in my opinion.
,Recommended,251060,33553086,Posted: 15 July,all,Preador,spreadsheet simulator12/10 would memorize armor values again
,Recommended,251060,23839831,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,FatRefrigerator,"This is one of the best RTS games on Steam and my most played game. It finds a happy balance of micro and macro play and uses a unique way of balancing the various factions.If you like unit variety and like feeling like each unit has it's own uniqueness and usability and using combined arms to overwhelm the enemy then this is the game for you.If you have ever Zerg Rushed in your entire life then buy the game to support the developers, but please for the love of sweet baby Jesus do not actually play the game because we don't want you."
,Recommended,251060,11583336,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,el rato,Best strategy I've ever played. Get it
,Recommended,251060,13419282,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mac,"One of the best RTS games I have ever played.  It is not for someone who wants to pick up and begin playing.  There is a fair amount of researching that needs to be done before playing.  That being said, once you have the units down, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,251060,11605709,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Penetranus,"For now, most realistic strategy wargame, I've seen. This is one of the games, where you can lose tutorial. Totally should check it out."
,Recommended,251060,21987699,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,TheVortex22,"This game is amazing! Steep learning curve though, you will die many times before you get the hang of things but tutorials really help. This is a game where spamming tanks will not work, you need to balance your forces, like have some tanks, air support, maybe a couple attack helicopters, infantry (infantry help alot), and the list goes on. The amount of detail they put into the units is amazing and there are so many units to choose from, over 1000 units and 17 nations. There are 4 different single player campaigns you can choose from, all have a very good stories and very realistic/believable stories."
,Recommended,251060,19684302,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,OReilly,multiplayer is funsingleplayer absolutely blows
76561197961134746,Recommended,251060,27135917,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sil.^,"Amazing real time strategy game. The quantity and detail on all of the units present is simply astonishing. Having played all of the previous Wargame titles, I am very pleased they maintained the core of the game and have simply opted to add more features and to improve upon those features."
76561198026900350,Recommended,251060,25448305,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lefty,"Dream game of military fan kids born in 80s and 90s. Any class of armed forces you like, you will like this because this game is about specialised DECKS. If this game was to release in 2006, I would still not have finished 4th grade. All three games have good single campaigns, AI is fun to fight until many times, multiplayer is a great challange. Well done, 10/10!"
,Recommended,251060,28021954,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Demoshi,This is the only game I can play against bots in and thoroughly enjoy myself every time. It is definitely the best strategy game I have ever played!
,Recommended,251060,22153286,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jays112,"Great game to play with your friends. The ability to zoom out fully is really nice to have. Navy is fun but, it didn't seem to work out very well. Highly recommended to get this game even if you don't have friends you can just play by yourself with AIs or try a mutliplayer match."
,Recommended,251060,23324744,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Omicron,One of the best contemporary RTS
,Recommended,251060,13529130,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Redfruit,"Nice graghics. Different and more realistic than other RTS. Lots of units variety. Can be hard the first time you play, but fun. Dont buy it if you want an easy arcade game."
76561198140919820,Recommended,251060,28755591,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Civ5 guy,Great game to play. however tutorials on game are poor so had to use youtube and chat to work out how to play. graphics are good. start off by building a deck for each side and place single player skermish for a bit before going to use multiplayer of campain.
76561198041953764,Recommended,251060,21957216,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,TrapMan420,"Fun game with real untis and detail. Not gonnna Lie The people you meet are half nice and half racist neo-nazi, But thats any game realy. honestly the best RTS out there."
76561198156514259,Recommended,251060,33065029,Posted: 30 June,all,sebhotline,"Love this game. Had for about a year and a half. This game is really time consuming when it comes to multiplayer, but when starting off the game there is no tutorial, to really understand this game you will need to have lots of patience and time in your hands. I do recommend this game for anyone who loves rts or military stuff."
76561198105195595,Recommended,251060,20463186,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bush,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Recommended,251060,20284130,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Halo1m,SO MANY UNITS!WERLD WER TREE!NAPE EVERYTHING LIKE OPRAH FLYING A JET OVER NAM!NoPopCap/10
76561198064271131,Recommended,251060,15691618,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Rage567,B5 10/10
,Recommended,251060,28201352,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,☭MRKRIEG⚔✠,wargame red dragon is a stragey based in the cold war with a huge varity of units but the main problem it suffers form is the terable ai i think but overall it is a very good game that will bring hours of enjoyment and if u have friends who have it gets fun really quick
76561198023832076,Recommended,251060,27734679,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Knives,1. Buy artillery2. Camp your starting sector3. Fire at everything that movesProfit 10/10
,Recommended,251060,10964264,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gary,"Wargame RD is an expansion onto the wargame series, this game adds Naval vehicles, new countries, and more units. All the maps are new but in my opinion not all of them are very good. Some have no random value and combat is very predictable. The games has changed from wide open feilds to small feilds with hedge rows and villages every few hundred meters. This drasticaly changes combat from armor focused to infantry focused. I wouldn't call this game a improvement over the older game, it is only adding on to the series."
,Recommended,251060,26058002,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TacticalAnal,"So Wargame: Red DragonThis game takes a longgg time to master and understand to be able to enjoy..Play the game and learn as you goThe singleplayer side of this game is OK at best, there are several different campaign's to play and they are pretty enjoyable and good to play if you're new to this genre, but the AI is dumb as ♥♥♥♥. This makes the game feel like a wave defense game rather than an RTS, you'll understand what I mean if you play it.Multiplayer is the best part of the game by far, creating your own decks of units from♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of options allows you to play the game how you want, to your tastes and play styles. Good amount of maps to play on and if you have a few friends to team up with you'll be set, the only downside is, as said before it takes a lot of learning and playing to be able to play the game well and enjoy it.Just go and buy it"
,Recommended,251060,32894612,Posted: 27 June,all,❤mumasboy❤,Welcome to America vs North Korea 2k17
,Recommended,251060,35206411,Posted: 25 September,all,Europe 2060: Neo Zimbabwe,"Copying my response to the thread ""Worth starting as a newbie?"" on the forums as my review:""Never once havent been able to find a 10v10 game immediately, normally theres 2-3 of them forming at the same time. You can log on any time, 3 am, 5am, never had a problem. I had the game for a couple years in my large backlog before really getting into it, in the last couple months Ive got like 120 hours into it. They came out with a new one that is based in ww2, but apparently it never really took off and everyone says its dead. This game is older, and still has plenty of life. Havent picked up the DLC, or anything off steam since their sales went to crap years ago.. but Im thinking about buying the DLC for this. Great game.""I dont normally shill for games, but this one is worth picking up, especially on sale."
76561198072179839,Recommended,251060,14682558,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Pupper,"This game is one that is not going to be liked by all. If you've come here looking for a game like RUSE, look elsewhere.Pros-Massive scaleAwesome GraphicsHas a lot of playabilityThings can go sideways very fastMultiplayer can be challenging, but you can ge the hang of it eventuallyA few, but replayable campaignsCustom armiesCons-There are NO hands on tutorialsThis game WILL take hours to learnHelicopter rushesChinese Swarm Tactics8.5/10 would play again"
,Recommended,251060,23217872,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Ground pilot,"good very is games, who wasn't good now better than even gooder! yay 10/10 So I need it twice to play 2 battles at the same ez pz good very game!!!"
76561198074351509,Recommended,251060,18197597,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Rexeh,"Would recommend it to any RTS player.It has a steep learning curve but as soon as you get the hang of it you will love it. 1v1 to 10v10 battles on maps with both air, land and sea, brawling it for control of territory.It does have it's fair share of problems but these are minimal.Make sure you watch tutorials on youtube or read the 200 page guide as the game's ingame tutorial is just a bunch of unhelpful text."
,Recommended,251060,35454005,Posted: 3 October,all,Mr. Self Destruct,"Pitting communists vs the west, this game is as close to a realistic battlefield commanding experience I've ever seen. With about 2000 available units to build your decks out of, the strategy both before and during battle is endless."
76561198163303291,Recommended,251060,35424780,Posted: 2 October,all,SS Kommandant,My last review of this game was heavily faulted this is an amazing rts (just quite hard to pick up) with a in depth look at modern war the only thing i would say is pick up airland battle first due to it teaching you the basic's with a proper tutorial.
76561198040848649,Recommended,251060,35514570,Posted: 6 October,all,Zak76,The best RTS game out there. I've over 3000 hours on this game and it never gets old. It's a must have for all RTS gamers out there. But not at 30 euro. Why cos it's a few years old now and should be sold at 15 euro. So grab it in a sale. Its well worth it.
,Recommended,251060,9638873,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,J. Nemo,Amazing game if you enjoy strategy! I would recommend the game to any friend.11/10 would play again
76561198133131004,Recommended,251060,12324788,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,$m-beezy$,"quite a nerdy game, i only recommend it for skilled stratedy players"
76561198032710852,Recommended,251060,17142549,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Bjorn,"Best RTS I've played so far, and still live and kickin'!"
,Recommended,251060,11363491,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Drake O'Malfoy,This series of games is like no other RTS i've ever played in my life the amount of units and their abilities is alone enough to put you in awe.
,Recommended,251060,11841264,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,That335iGuy,You'll lose track of time and probably forget that you're not a general sending his army to fight for the people's republic.
76561197983308064,Recommended,251060,9940956,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,allanarchy,"Do you remember watching those battle sequences in movies where the massive line of battle tanks rolls over the hill  overlooking a city? When the immense group of vietnam era helicopters fly over a jungle? Did you ever imagine how much ordinance is fired when a fleet of battleships, cruisers and destroyers engage another like it?THIS GAME LETS YOU DO THIS IN STUNNING GRAPHICSThisgamepiece of art will redefine the way you see modern battle. This is a true modern war simulator. Nothing else I have ever played comes close to immitating the amount of scale and realism that this piece of software is capable of. Every single jeep, truck, tank, helicopter, plane, warship and lone infantry squad are modelled accurately with their own statistics and individual ordinance package. The infantry is always mechanized. The tanks can get stuck in mud. The fighters jets have dog fights. The various warships have CIWS which can shoot down certain missiles heading towards them. And the best part? You can choose to zoom in on any particular unit, and follow them throughout this chaos at ground level at any time."
76561198029482635,Recommended,251060,12703934,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ArkAngel67,"Great for multiplayer games only and forget the naval units: the game is better without them. It would be the perfect military sim if the single player part was better, especially the campaigns: due to weird and awkward design choices, and questionable AI. It is still a must for any true RTS wargame fan.Add on 16th of JulySkirmish singleplayer mode is good with a challenging computer AI (cheating a bit...)."
,Recommended,251060,25401836,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,sam,"Is it fun? Yes it is. This is possibly the most fun RTS game I've ever played. Its secret is in its depth and the UNBELEIVEABLE number of units to construct into army decks, which you then deploy directly onto the field with no base-building. This is the game that I play whenever I want to be reminded why I love RTS. It's the most unique and addictive game I've ever had the pleasure of getting stomped in.BUT...There are some caveats. The community on the in-game text chat is absolutely psychotic. There is no playable tutorial, just a set of text documents that tell you about the game mechanics and unit types. The difficulty curve is like trying to climb a 90 degree cliff while wearing roller skates, and for the first few hours you're not going to have any idea what is going on. And finally, the story campaigns are lackluster and honestly not what you're really there for.Are these deal breakers? No, they aren't. I still love this game in spite of its faults. It's a masochistically hard Real Time Strategy that shines like a beacon of innovation in a mostly stagnant genre. You simply have to play it just to see the incredible depth and intensity that RTS games can deliver."
76561198009426654,Recommended,251060,22446268,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,triple ace,Great Game. Tons of fun.
,Recommended,251060,24112101,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,"Tom, S.","Wargame: Red Dragon is an excellent game! If you like strategy but hate all of the fuss of knowing how to read a map this game is your dream come true. I know I love it.Things to be aware of:-Missiles don't always hit their targets.- CIWS will take town 80% of what anti-ship missiles are fired. That is only the count of the shots that are on target.-Cluster artillery will destroy EVERYTHING that isn't dismounted infantry.-MLRSystems will scare this &*^& out of you every time they fire. They are weapons to be respected.-When the AI doesn't do what you wanted it to there is a reason 90% of the time.-Infantry can't swim. Not even the marines.-If your friend takes a support deck in a 2V2 you will loose 96% if the time.-If you face off against an AI deck that has anything that can fly you will see them spam them at one unit at a time until they are dead or you are.-All of the units are saying the same few things over and over again but in their own languages.-Tanks aren't magical. They get blown up.-The AI doesn't care if there is a $400,000 tank in front of it. The $10,000 car will still be shot at first.-et ceteraHowever! Even with all of those issues the game is still a grat deal of fun. The maps are pretty, the units are detailed, the tanks powerful, Otomatic the best tank and AA gun in the game, and more. When it comes time to learn how to play you can almost always find people willing to help.Go ahead my future opponents and allies. I'll see you in Korea."
,Recommended,251060,16527408,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Deadmeat24,"The most epicest, coolest, North Korean-killingest, strategy game out!Side Note: It is really hard, only get if you are okay with spending 21 hours trying to beat the first campaign... :'D"
,Recommended,251060,10172577,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Magpie (Szikra),"The best installment of the series IMHO.Highly recommended for anyone who is interested in intricate RTS games and military technology!An in-depth, somewhat realistic approach to modern warfare, with a relatively steep learning curve and a micro management intensive gameplay that will keep you pinned to the computer for hours. (Or scare you away, but do not be afraid! It is truly worth your patience).I absolutely love it. Make a deck/army to use out of more than a thousand units, different infantry sections and vehicle variants and then carefully manage your Leopard tank to rock Soviet armour... or set up an ambush with infantry waiting for the enemy vehicles to pass, just to active RPGs, when they can fire a devastating sideshot into weak parts of enemy armour.... there are lots of such tactical possibilites, thanks to the well thought-out combat system.This is not a rock-paper-scissor game like Starcraft. Just like in real life, every gun matters if properly used... no matter how elite your infantry is, it will get mowed down by the cheapest LMG on open ground, if you are not managing it properly and utilise cover and so aswell, the mightiest MBT can fall to auto cannon fire, should an IFV manage to sneak behind it.Truly a very enjoyable mix of reality and gameplay-balance decisions. I am sure everyone can find his way to fight in this game, especially in gigantic battles with 20 players, where everyone counts.Not to mention the absolutely stunning video engine, bringing great scaling and visuals, while retaining a good performance.A great game for every wholehearted strategy fan."
,Recommended,251060,14485352,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Austin,"Frankly, one of the best, and most realalistic games I`ve ever played. Nothing i can say bad about it,but of course there are always improvements to be made. I will continue buying the series forever and ever until it ends (Which i pray is never)"
76561197962100857,Recommended,251060,31729964,Posted: 13 May,all,six-P-,"Do you like real-time strategy? Do you like the close-combat series? Do you like massive and near-scale battlefields? A game that can handle 1v1 as well as 10v10? Reasonably historically accurate cold war era units, from logistics trucks to mechanized infantry to artillery, self-propelled anti-aircraft artillery, to heavy tanks, to air superiority fighters and bombers? Do you like constructing customized battalion forces from nations and coalitions as your ""race"" in the game?If you answered yes to any of these questions, you should check our Wargame: Red Dragon. It's a medium-paced, epic realistic RTS game that has unique battlefields, gameplay, and has large customization of starting armies. Highly recommended."
76561198032249776,Recommended,251060,23923240,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jamster,"Came for the Koreans, stayed for the global chat. 10/10"
76561198016983378,Recommended,251060,25467354,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BIG SHNEE,This game is awesome and worth the price! good graphis real accurate units! all around good real time stragey game! in my opinion a must have in the collection!!! :}
,Recommended,251060,11410716,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,DaBunn,Maybe..
,Recommended,251060,11392749,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Vsauce - The Statistics King,Great Game if your fan of MotorCycles and Submarines
,Recommended,251060,26413580,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,NatIsNice,Really AWSOME game ever
,Recommended,251060,10879351,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,med1cz,"Wargame is RTS set in ""What would happen if cold war escalated and spetznas were actually superhumans"" environment. It has over 1500 units to choose from and a decent amount of maps.Features Land+Air+Naval combat on a single map. Content gets updated even though the game is few years old. Soon Finnish and Yugo armies are coming!The community is not big, but it's stabile, cancerous, straight out of /pol/ and unforgiving and cruel to new players. I like itGit gud skrub and buy this game, especially when it's on a huge discount of 75%"
76561197994463552,Recommended,251060,9879476,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Cyberzomby,"Awesome strategy game. It has a lot to it. Currently the naval combat is all about spamming but the rest is top notch! You got deck building, fuel and ammo that runs out and big maps with realistic damage models. This series is a one of a kind strategy game for people who like realistic RTS games."
,Recommended,251060,9858110,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Spazz6768 [SGT Sodomy],Improved on its predecessor in every way.
76561198020720135,Recommended,251060,23110531,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,BoB,"If you want a realistic real time strategy, walk no further. None of the other ones even come close to this."
,Recommended,251060,9872572,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Odinspear,"Good game with excellent strategic handling, hundreds of units from all over the world, a must-play sequel of wargame series!(Although each one of the series is great though :3)"
76561198052680433,Recommended,251060,32539213,Posted: 18 June,all,milhouse.,Masterpiece
76561197964131845,Recommended,251060,23146589,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Azmodean,"Depth, realism and challenging multiplayer. Definate recommendation after over 1000h spent with it."
76561198030879738,Recommended,251060,14422370,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,yaginor,"Nice and detailed wargame with Cold War(and beyond) units.Has a bit of a problem with historical accuracy though. As one game veteran put it a long time ago:""yea. i know, but is alternative history hereUSSR is the world's best airforce and navyUSA has the best AA and tank force but extremely crap infantry cause hollywood makes them badWest german troops are bodybuilders ,all of them can carry the heavy mg3 fire on the move, while the USSR infantry are ww2 movies and have the light pkm shooting peanutsFrance is a super power that brings the main force in the second korean warUK cannot into AA or navy but exploits their colony's infantry really wellNorth Korea gets super tech thanks to unicorn magic while China is just derpy derp, HK beats us! Japan doesnt know how to arm their airplanesScandinavia has the biggest population in the world where they get 15men reserve infantry""Despite these problems, I still recommend it if you're into wargames or Cold War era military hardware."
76561198045544281,Recommended,251060,12805854,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sandninja,"This. F***ing. Game. Seriously one of the best RTS out there. It is really on a whole nother level than the COH series, or any rts for that matter. The attention to detail in the units is stunning (more talking about their armaments and pros/cons, but the renders are nice too) a good amount of effects found in combat are modeled in game, including morale, being stunned, failure of different systems if they are hit (firing computer reset, gearbox hit, ammo sorage hit (BOOM) etc). Word to the wise though. This is not your sit down, hop on, crush people. The learning curve is steep with this one. If you dont have some semblence of an idea of what type of armor is rolling down the road towards you, chances are theyre going to roll right through whatever you have if not equipped properly. Wargame: Red Dragon is easily the best RTS out there in my opinion."
76561198080561050,Recommended,251060,12092041,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,lRubberChickenl,"Wargame: Red Dragon is the best RTS I have played. It is extremely difficult, and very different from the Supreme Commanders, Command and Conquers and the Total Wars. You can not rely on just one tactic, or spam units. You have to be adaptive, which is  kinda uncommon in the RTS world."
76561198071242390,Recommended,251060,10098552,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,jiake92814,"I suggest to add the PLZ-45 self-propelled howitzer to Chinese Deck, because the Chinese deck is too weak on that."
,Recommended,251060,30041490,Posted: 19 February,all,Was it autism?,Send multiple cargo trucks to the killing fields of T-72 tanks and wipe the survivors with your own napalm airstrike
,Recommended,251060,22419615,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Gregg Tee,"am put many hi-tech westerner vehicle and manpowersam strategy and very smart playingAI is come along in old half-stronk soviet armoram think i can take down old armor and old slow heli'sam start shooting at them and no loss, many soviet is burningcall in nighthawksudden nighthawk is blow upsudden ural infantry spamsudden glorious russia tanks and jetsnighthawk and AA all smashed so is my shiny M1A1HC's and all me soldiers is dedabsolute glorious soviet firestorm and my attempt to rescue shot down11/10 would have my state-of-the-art western technology absolutely obliterated by large numbers of commies in funny hats"
,Recommended,251060,9944909,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Deformedcactus,"This game is amazing.Such a large improvement in everything over AirLand Battle- completely justified paying 40 dollars for what I had assumed was just going to be like the previous, but with ships.This is, quite simply, on of the best strategy games I have ever played.The AI is aggressive; no more having to play hide-and-seek to win against AI- but at the same time, it's not impossibly difficult."
76561198041995622,Recommended,251060,10006232,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Norway Lobster,"Great game if your interested in RTS. The ability to zoom right into a battle may be useless as you need to see the bigger picture but dam its sexy :P.Some issues with the navy biggest blop usually wins in a straight naval battle, however in a combined battle (navy + ground forces) the use of tactics can win it for you.Great game dispite what peoples complaints, the game is even better when you dont have to rely on randoms. IMO its better to get 2 or 3 friends together to keep a cordinated battlefield.9/10(navy could do with some tweaking)"
76561198085596087,Recommended,251060,9976387,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mojospartan,"Now to many Airland players you may think this is just Airland with more troops and sickass naval combat, I thought the exact samething but its not. When you play this game things have been changed good and bad EX: good, more units with diffrent roles, Bad, I miss my Lav-25 for my marines :( . Not only that but you fell like your in a entire diffrent game, new tactics to learn, diffrent deck combos, and having to learn alot more new enemys and what thier capabilty is. Now for those non-wargame/ Airland players, this game is a unique RTS game, with land, air, and sea. It will chalenge you at first and most of the community will help you on your way to learn the basic's. But never underestamate the enemy, expect any little dirty move that they might use aginst you and always flank. Finaly i think this is a great additon to the Wargame treeline. 9.25/10"
76561198090102624,Recommended,251060,9993601,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Doosh12,This game is wonderful but it has flaws.Here are the pros and consPros:Lots of unitsLarge mapsLand sea and air unitsLots of countriesCons:Can't plant minesCan't blow up bridgesCan't put units back in their vehiclesCan't dig in
,Recommended,251060,15872561,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Yureina,"The third Wargame... game takes you to East Asia and lets you slaughter hordes of crappy Chinese and North Korean military units. It also added ships and small-scale naval battles. Those are not quite as good as the land battles, but thankfully there's still plenty of land-fighting action to be had.The single-player campaigns are better done than what was in ALB by having a proper story structure and events, but it suffers from repetition as you fight on the same battle maps constantly since the enemy keeps attackin and you keep making them die horribly. Also there's multiplayer. I'm sure that's fine too, but truthfully I never really felt like playing it because how I play this game seems much better suited for singleplayer. I guess that means I am a dummy. :(Anyway, this game is pretty good. Have fun! ^_^"
,Recommended,251060,16820910,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,JayRaptor,Buy it.
,Recommended,251060,23644056,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,NukerMunky,"Wargame Red Dragon is the third game in a series of RTS's about the hypothetical conflict ensuing from a continuation to open conflict between the western allies and the communist east during the cold war. The game take place roughly from 1965-1995. Red Dragon's addition to the series was the inclusion of Naval forces, they also implemented a number of community suggested changes and balances to the the game espansion of the aerial commbat from AirLand battle by adding alot of polish to the jets.Red Dragon features over 1800 units meticulously remade to historicl accuracy in high poly, high res textures. Hundreds of of Infantry, Armored Vehicles, Helicopters, Self Propelled Guns, Infantry Fighting Vehicles, Tanks, Jets, Destroyers, Cruisers, and other pieces of military equipment are featured in the game. The armed forces of 17 nations are featured. The US, UK, France, Canada, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, West Germany, ANZAC (Australian New Zealand Armed Coalition) Japan, and South Korea for BLUFOR; and the USSR, East Germany, Poland, Czechoslovakia, China, and North Korea for REDFOR.The game features sseveral different game modes all geared towards causing fighting to happen over the entire map, the intention to this is to try and prevent every game for becoming a matter of a quick 5 minute rush to decide each match. THe game features  territory based income system, with no base building or resource gathering. To this day there are still dozens if not hundreds of dedicated servrs up and running 24/7, prividng non stop access to matches ranging from small platoon on platoon, close up and personal matches where every soldier counts, all the way to massive divisional scale conflict over gigantic tracts of sea and land.Red Dragon also features the ability to play anything from 1v1 up to 10v10, totally lag free provided you have at least a 512 k/bps connection or better.THis is truly a hidden Gem in the RTS genre, this series never got the praise or sales that it deserves. We encourage people that have never heard of it, check the game out, it's pretty awesome.For overall gameplay i'd give this game a solid 9/10, it's got plenty of variety, it's huge, it's active. It's an awesome game worth the purchase.ALL THAT BEING SAIDThe community for this game is absolutely toxic, it's ridden with trolling and TK'ing, at actually got so bad, that someone made a petition to the developers to ban someone for life.(Proof of maniacally hilarious claim:https://www.change.org/p/eugen-systems-ban-john-brownwood)So in conclusion, the best advice i could send you off with is whatever you do, just stay away from the chat, turn it off, absolutely nothing good can possibly come of it.  Game 9/10, Community is Cancer/10"
76561198394523439,Recommended,251060,32855714,Posted: 27 June,all,P.Nguyen96,Good game
76561198082483788,Recommended,251060,25423790,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,nagibochnik83,"I think Red Dragon is the best part of Wargame series, first of all because of the naval branch is presented and affects campaings a lot especially in shore landing operations. Second of all is an ability to mix combat groups in sector during the fight it allows player to create more versatile force to fight various threats. And generally speaking i like Wargame series very much, especially campaigns, this series much beyyer than act of aggression or any other rts."
,Recommended,251060,23744358,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Red Guardian,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, I get to kill Capitalists.10/10"
,Recommended,251060,14755449,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Lumpy,Great game that is managed by an arrogant developer who can do whatever the hell they want because they have no competition.honhonhon/10 -IGN
,Recommended,251060,16025237,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Cyrus40K,"I will recommend this to any RTS new comers, but not to those who likes more serious strategy."
76561198064743003,Recommended,251060,13705384,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Chief McClane,Do you like swastika spams in the chat lobby? Then this is the game for you.
76561198130072564,Recommended,251060,30973026,Posted: 5 April,all,Pizza,Good and hard
76561198063891236,Recommended,251060,12770164,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Lt Rainbow Slash,"Very good. It has a steep learning curve, but once you get past that this game is awesome. The units and stratagy is amazingly realistic, and it's is generaly extreamly fun (even if my win rate is 20% XD)."
,Recommended,251060,30316297,Posted: 4 March,all,Raut,The game is confusing at first but you'll understand it in a couple of hours!IT'S VERY ADDICTIVE.
76561198101956730,Recommended,251060,31124042,Posted: 13 April,all,KyleKatarn,is pretty good
76561198060883085,Recommended,251060,18025663,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Gorgan,A hard game to learn but extremely rewarding once you do. A gem of strategy RTS games
,Recommended,251060,28486439,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,HeavyRaiN,Remove capitalist pigdogs from premises as glorious Soviet Union and comrades!Or you can remove red commie scums from premises as great America and allies!
76561198030697832,Recommended,251060,35165847,Posted: 23 September,all,[N]Harout{Cpt},Very rewarding real time tactics multiplayer game.Steep learning curve. So look at guides on reddit/wargame and youtube/razzman. Join discord to play with voice coms and mates. Otherwise youll be steamrolled by other teams. Follow this advice and you will enjoy a great cold-war game.Join the anti-imperialist struggle now!
76561198156705638,Recommended,251060,35035923,Posted: 17 September,all,dandys117,Good Game.
,Recommended,251060,28175684,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,stikfigz,An older and uh... 'mature'(?) community leads to an amazing time on this chat game. They tell me that apparently theres an RTS in there somewhere but I'm not so conviced.In all seriousness the Wargame franchise is great and you should buy Red Dragon.
,Recommended,251060,28130585,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,drf33lgood,Strategy 10/10RTS 10/10Military 10/10Realistic 9/10Multiplayer Hell Ya !
,Recommended,251060,30039252,Posted: 19 February,all,sebooby,spam t34s
76561198027860778,Recommended,251060,16511682,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,moccha705,TIL....dont entrust me to defend South Korea
76561198045390393,Not Recommended,251060,20956836,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SpaceMariner,+All units real.+Hard Strategy.+There is many country and coalition.+Leavers don't caus problem.+Each country has their own prototype units.+Great Programmed game.+Great Graphic.+Big maps.+10vs10 mp mode.+Computers playing really good.+Most realistic warfare.-Maps not very good.-Ranked only conquest.-Too many good players. ;)-Pay to Win DLC (Netherlands don't deserve that units.)
76561198005722805,Recommended,251060,9961987,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,D.S.Jensen,Get it!!!!One of the best strategi games made.But if you have Wargame:AirLand Battle.You may think why is this not a expansion..
,Recommended,251060,13150317,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mr.Rainbolt,"If you like strategy games with the modern technology then i highly recommend you to buy this game. In my opinion, this game is the best real time hardcore strategy game ever made. This game is so hard and very realistic in the same time... It took me several hours to understand how to use the right unit in the right way/time. It has tons of units and free dlc's thanks to Eugen Developers♥. You should be prepared for every kind of decks and strategy from your opponents. The multiplayer is awesome you can even play a 10 vs 10 in extremely big maps with every playable nation.10/10 would buy again."
76561197997863731,Recommended,251060,10176785,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Rufus Shinra,"Excellent game here, which distinguishes itself from most RTS by forcing the player to apply actual military common sense to the battle rather than gamey common sense. No Action Per Minute contest or mathematically calculated rushes of a single unit to kill the other side. Learning the Art Of War in this game can be tough, but is also rewarding as hell, as outthinking the enemy will allow you to crush even the mightiest armored push.The game is, in itself, really beautiful on the graphical side, and though the musics are not exceptional, they do their job correctly. The balancing might be disputed by some (usually the new players who think their favourite nation should crush everyone), but the fact is that BLUE and RED have the same amount of victories in multi, according to the released data.If you want to see a game with more than a thousand different units, with each faction having its own character and way of waging war, if you want to play something that favours actual planning and competence rather than mechanical application of drilled builds and rushes, Red Dragon is for you.Oh, and Eugen will release free DLC in the upcoming weeks and months. ;-)"
,Recommended,251060,9845094,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,viking hoof,Epic Enough For A Viking.
,Recommended,251060,9858845,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Renzen,A somewhat realistic RTS without resources management that offers quite a challenge through logistic control and tons of different units with distinct capabilities.
76561198034058821,Recommended,251060,9904527,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,DeMoNkiLLer,great RTS the game the games has incrdibal graphics and is a lot of fun from fighting at sea to blowing up land units with jets
,Recommended,251060,28130744,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,PANDAЯING ALONG🔰,You'll spend more time making a deck than playing
76561198012806557,Recommended,251060,21918873,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[WTF¿]Random,"good game, buy it."
76561198060378931,Recommended,251060,12317598,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,waNgamer,"Warnning!! DO NOT play this game if you are not so happy!But, if you are ready to lose hundreds of good souls, to drop few expensive planes, to waste your mighty armored group, and more importantly to beat the fiercest tanks in the world, to kill the hopeless infantries, to bomb a small peaceful town and to DIE FOR FREEDOM, this is the very game you must have!"
,Recommended,251060,9560226,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Pragmatic Nope Rope,Wonderfull game you should get it if you like RTS games!
,Recommended,251060,9560128,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,one time i saw a dead guy,Has already won me over as my favourite installation.
76561198058613507,Recommended,251060,13858722,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,chocman1,Best game ever!
,Recommended,251060,12701809,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Albatross,Fantastic game with incredible strategic depth and presentation. Plays like a tabletop wargame brought to real time. A must have for any military hardware or strategy fans.
76561198115471159,Recommended,251060,11976235,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,minidingbat,awsome
76561198029107316,Recommended,251060,23098149,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ohems,Pure combat strategy without boring base building with ideal pacing.
,Recommended,251060,9698036,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Level 5 Cocaine Wizard,It's great.Stop ♥♥♥♥ing spamming T34s as Korea
,Recommended,251060,9644749,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Slot,Probably the best RTS ever made. Buy this.
76561197989094278,Recommended,251060,9671026,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Miley Cyrus,This game is great. I love dropping napalm on towns and imagining all the mothers that would get the burnt corpses of their sons back later in the week. Then I roll into town with my tanks like wrecking balls and demolish the resistance. They are my tanks I will do what I want to.Also yelling BOO-YAH GET SOME whenever my F15E drops its 4x1000kgs bombs into the forest blindly hoping to hit some recon unit just like in all those youtube videos featuring uncle Sam's best and brightest.Really this whole game is about dropping bombs on people and stuff.
76561198196564499,Recommended,251060,33685479,Posted: 20 July,all,generic person off the street,arty spam: i sleepa10: real♥♥♥♥♥♥heli spam: ascended
76561198072130490,Recommended,251060,35096650,Posted: 20 September,all,PsychoJoey,Warchat in my experience is a pretty fun game. The combat sim minigame is pretty good too.
76561198031116812,Recommended,251060,17946946,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jotape22,* one of the best strategy game that I've seen* thousands of units to choose* great Gameplay ..... 9/10
76561198383722940,Recommended,251060,34904204,Posted: 12 September,all,ForestFall,Very realistic in its approach to modern combat. I am addicted to it. Much better than the Total war series.
76561198126947210,Recommended,251060,32215197,Posted: 6 June,all,simcra2000,Really good game
,Recommended,251060,32004979,Posted: 27 May,all,17bluemist,"Let me start off by saying this game isnt for every one, and it cannot be compared to other RTS style games, if you play it like any other RTS you will be slaughtered.That being said its a fantastic game, the learning curve is steep and you will suck for a while, but once you learn the basics its super fun and unique.As mentioned before the gameplay is unlike any other besides the prior games in the series, the combat is incredibly dynamic in nature and always keeps you on your toes. One of my personal favorite parts of this is how decks are built. the only two potential downsides is the aformentioned learning curve which takes a while to go through and then the community. unfortunatley alot of the people that play this are asshats and scumbags, idealy if you can avoid interaction with them all is well but even with that in consideration its worth the buy"
,Recommended,251060,9625685,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,verne,"good game, good korea"
76561198007388273,Recommended,251060,9981560,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,HeadHuntR,"One of the best RTS I have played in a long time, and possible the best rts with a modern combat theme.It has most of the major element's from modern combat, including navies, tanks, armored vehicles, light vehicles, infantry, helicopters, airplanes, artillery, missile launcher and so on. You get to customize your armies for online battles and ai-skirmishes with units from a wide range of countries like, USA, Britan, China, Russia, north korea, japan, norway and more. The game seem to have a fairly decent root in reality when it comes to realism, altough it is as every game still far away from the real deal.The game also features a turn based/RTS hybrid ""campaign"", that is more or less the equivalent to scenarios in different strategy games, but still alot of fun to play. Overall the game possess very good graphic's, but still run on low end systems, such as my laptop."
76561198028391835,Recommended,251060,9888798,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Cpt.Bacardi,"As a true fan of strategy games since my childhood, I thought that this genre is abandoned by all its glory, untill I found Wargame series. Developers are even getting better with each game. WARNING : CONTAINS RTS EPICNESS10/10"
,Recommended,251060,10183792,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[TAS][KTX]GIGroundNPound,"This is an RTSers dream first and foremost. This is not Star Craft, Age of Empires or any other ""I click faster than you thus I win"" kind of game. This is a game that puts you in the commanders seat behind a brigade size modern military element and tasks you with anihilating the enemy with customized warfighting capabilities tailored by your playstyle and tactics. The gameplay is non-stop heart pounding modern war that showcases not only an incredible array of real military units; but also an engine that makes the combat realistic. There is a solid modding community that is ever expanding on their home site for making the game into whatever your skillset is able, but I truly cannot speak highly enough about this game. I am a veteran of the RTS genre; CoH, CoHII, Supreme Commander (all), SC, SC II, AoEII, Rome, Medievall, Shogun Total war, but for this genre and time period NO OTHER GAME TOUCHES IT. Buy it....plain and simple you won't regret it. In fact the only thing you might regret is your lack of TRUE strategic skill as this game will test you and punish you, but that makes victory all the more satisfying."
76561197990849143,Recommended,251060,9905192,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Varmyr,"After getting CRUSHED at first, like in every game which requires better skills than just making huge armies, this game earned my respect. Nothing more to say. Buy it. Get owned. Learn. Enjoy the fruits of your learning. Own using your mind."
,Not Recommended,251060,14504660,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Egg,"Okay, honestly I used to love this game. This game used to be fair, but nowadays the game creators chose to favor NATO over PACT and only release new units for them. The PACT players usually agree that all or most of the NATO weapons are OP and that this game is unfair. The NATO forces recently got maybe 80-100 new units and the game makers gave PACT none. Another update came by giving NATO more units. The one time that the game makers give PACT a new unit, the 40mm grenadier team, they took it away because it WORKED. if you compare anybody that plays NATO to someone who plays PACT then you can see that the NATO w:l ratio is probably about 90% and PACT is 10%. Gee, is it the players fault? or the fact that NATO has better weapons and stronger vehicles that we cant even fight against? Do the game makers even care about PACT? I would have recommended this a long time ago, but not any more."
,Recommended,251060,9657198,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Sylvis,"Once again, Eugen Systems demonstrates that RTS is not a dead genre. Wargame offer crisp graphics, good gamleplay and historical accurate units without the nonsense and cliché humour attempts of the recent Red Alert.Highly recommended!"
76561198010593655,Recommended,251060,9693259,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Pickleboy,Best game EU legit*****
,Recommended,251060,23088014,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,VenKazi,"Great coop, lovely maps, explosions, strategy.. this game has it all!"
,Recommended,251060,9768442,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Mikel,"In my opinion the best RTS Game ever made;   Gets better with now with NAVAL units!AND not to even forget FREE DLC!  Its a rarity with common game developers these days!Huge maps, with real EASY logistics aswell (Ammo fuel and repairs) No need to micro too much like in Men of war example.+ You can choose and make a ""deck"" of your choice, which suits best for you and your gameplay and tactics in Wargame: Red Dragon--------------------------------------------+/---------------------------------------------+ Deck/Army customisation+ Various units and new ones+ (NEW) Naval units+ Supports up to 10v10 games+ New layout in menu and lobbies. Easier to access and use.+ Able to ban people from your own Game lobby if you feel like they're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥+ New armies and new coalitions added!+ Better mechanics with units (Fog of war etc)--------------------------------------------- 10v10 Games tend to end up badly with people either leaving or just using one or two units (commonly just arty or planes) And nothing else.- Some map adjustments required; (textures load speed, rendering difficulties)- Community still has Call of duty butthats claiming they know everything about the game when they're not.--------------------------------------------Welp other than that,  out of 1 of 10 i'd give the game a 9.And if i would suggest it? Yes i would definetly!"
76561198005410212,Recommended,251060,9959528,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Mr. BBQ,"I have read a lot of the bad reviews.  Some have good points like the navy part is lacking in number of units and the campaign is not much fun.  But most of the complants are people that are just bad at the game and get on here and FLAME becasue they are getting destroyed in multiplayer.  Main reason why is becasue they don't take the time to understand and learn.  I got wrecked the first month i played too but i learned and didn't rage quit and go cry about it on a review.  If your looking for a kiddie rock, paper, build order spam like Star Craft this game is NOT for you.  This game is much more advanced in the tactics needed to win most of the time.  The Wargame series is easily the best (non build order spam) RTS games you can buy.  Man up and play multiplayer and learn.  The game is not hard and is not complicated to play but it does require you to make the right calls at the right times with the right unit mix for success.  Or go back and spam zerling or build a victory fleet and think your awesome.  haha.  PS i do like Star Craft but it is like playing with kiddie toys once your learn Wargame."
,Recommended,251060,9908480,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Sukesa,gud game
,Recommended,251060,9566853,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"Airland Battle + Asians + Ships = Red DragonThere is no reason for you to buy the previous games, this by any traditional gaming reference a stand-alone expansion which includes all the content of the previous games. In that, I would say its very much worth getting your hands on."
76561198278321551,Recommended,251060,29669102,Posted: 3 February,all,战术大师@喻文州,"This is a very good RTS game, he has a very strict operating system. Mad, father of law. Look forward to the war game 4, I want to say that Yugoslavia is too strong. That the United States suspended us special forces, to the 90s version."
76561198073684939,Recommended,251060,22402083,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,By Clame,One of few games that you can actually beat USA with Soviet Russia9.9/10  (no game is perfect(besides csgo))
,Not Recommended,251060,33198036,Posted: 3 July,all,THAT1ANDONLY,"ONLY FOR HARDCORE RTS GAMERS! NOT FOR CASUAL PLAYERS like myself. I should of listed to some of the other reviews below before I bought the game.Reminds me so much of the War Simulators back in the Army. Just in 3D. Tutorial is a manual you read. Be prepared to lose A LOT in the begining.Other then that amazing grahics, very difficult, must have an attention to detail."
,Recommended,251060,13536338,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rap Boy,0/10 no dragons
,Recommended,251060,25417899,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Duke Of Ichabod,Any Zerg rushes in this game will be promptly stopped by the AZ1305 Anti-Zerg Armored Vehicle.
,Not Recommended,251060,10678385,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RJazz545,I really was impressed to see this game on Steam and also really excited. I started playing it and everything looks awesome but really no way to teach the player how to play the game. They put instuctions which to me are just to confusing. Really would hit the like button if you guys could put in video type instuctions!! It looks and plays like a really cool game but its just too confusing.
,Recommended,251060,9444116,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Mike Ditka,BEST KOREA IS OF GLORIOUS.
76561198041862826,Recommended,251060,13253511,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Red Bull Foreplay,"No matter how many hours you put into this game, everybody is still better than you.6/12 - Rotten BannanasEdit: I have been getting some serious life threats due to this review.glaDes 24 Feb @ 9:37amIm sorry if i'm good at stratergy games. I bet you suck just as much at starcraft ♥♥♥♥♥. So don't go and write a review on something you kinow♥♥♥♥♥♥all about."
,Recommended,251060,18159224,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bacı Tekleyen,>play as Soviets>buy 4 T-34s>they ambush a M1a2>they kill that capitalist piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥>Operationissuccesfull.jpeg>tfw HATO tears>10/10
76561197973768994,Recommended,251060,9587902,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mr. Lover Lover Dry Humper,Not for the faint hearted. Steep learning curve and pretty additive.
76561198006720177,Recommended,251060,9588304,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Scared to be lonely,DOWNLOADBALE GOD IN NORTH KOREA
76561198022212898,Recommended,251060,9608895,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,ilw1167,"Verry good, shame thhat they didnt put naval combat in the open beta"
76561198006037208,Recommended,251060,9713941,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Duke_d_Anjou,Still in beta but it's really looking promising.RD makes attack more rewarding with improved artillery and amphibious assault.Can't wait to see naval engagements.GG so far Eugen.
76561197978613367,Recommended,251060,10855840,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[FU]Rahm_Emmanuel,So Dope
,Recommended,251060,13772430,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Merp Baller,I'm a huge stratagist I have always been since I had play LOTR Battle for Middle Earth. Ever since Wargame European Escalation I have loved this series. It's been a while since I thought about this series since so recently there have been so many good games that have come out. So I bought it today and I love this game they added jets and all that fun stuff. I highly recommend this game who loves stratagy games.
76561198028317418,Recommended,251060,12617560,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,TangJuicebox,Fantastic
,Recommended,251060,10898487,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,>>>TheRussian,Its good. Free DLC. Explosions. Napalm. PTSD.
,Recommended,251060,12620351,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,no headset,"Very fun, but buggy sometimes, 8.6/10"
,Recommended,251060,12607008,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,OP Jason,shweet
76561198040401422,Recommended,251060,12009021,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Dolor,"##START EDIT##I've been playing this some more, and I think I was being a little too hard on this game from the outset.  It is indeed very hard, but the rules aren't as obtuse as I initially thought.  That plus the fact that you can slow down time progression which is a huge improvement over the last game and a critical piece (for me) to playing this game, and I think I am switching to a mild qualified recommend.I think it may be too intense for my preferences (one small mistake and the scenario can be lost), but the merits of the game are pretty clear at this point.##END EDIT##The Good:- Beautifully detailed and realized large scale real-time strategy- Gorgeous graphically- RTS gameplay shows flashes of its brilliant potentialThe Bad:- Gameplay enjoyment is too often sacrificed for increased realism/difficulty- Realism is generally sacrificed in the simulation only to make the game more tedious/difficult (e.g. helicopters run out of fuel in minutes, lose a particular vehicle and you lose air support)Overall:I love the RTS genre, and most of my favorite games are RTS, but I can't recommend this game.  While it is obviously well made, it sacrifices too much ""fun"" for realism, difficulty, or tedium too often.I don't know if it's realistic for tanks to run out of ammo or helicopters to run out of gas in 5 minutes of fighting, but what I do know is that it sure as heck isn't fun."
76561197970754741,Recommended,251060,12618162,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Boone,"Awesome game, highly recommended."
76561197974387912,Recommended,251060,12728002,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,clippers,"This is not an easy game to learn, but once you do it's immensely fun! It took me researching for several hours, and several hours of trial and error before I had a inkling of a clue on how to play.  I am just beginning to understand the game and I love it!  It is so detailed and without a doubt the most realistic RTS I've ever played.  I wish they had an in-game tutorial though.  It'd saved some time in the beginning.  But other than that, im loving this game!"
76561198081086050,Recommended,251060,9993149,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Freiherr Fischer,Great sequel to ALB. Naval combat kinda sucks but all other unit types are great and fun to use.
76561198046324523,Recommended,251060,25891794,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Joruzhia,Love in the 1st sight!
,Recommended,251060,25893914,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,[74th] White,iz gud xd
,Recommended,251060,15477173,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ford Explorer //RUSTPO,Cool game.... I guess
,Recommended,251060,23326371,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Dleader,Big learning curve but is fun once you know what your doing I got 4 of friends to buy this and I can 1v4 them  most of the time .
76561197994976357,Recommended,251060,10342272,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,SizZle,"I thrilling adventure into the mind of a disabled serial killer, Travel through each level of your serial killers mind while traversing the perils of living as someone with disabilities.I give this game 7/11 because ♥♥♥♥ this krispy kreme is delicious."
,Recommended,251060,11249575,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Stalinovsky Salinbenisky,Awesome try to go a game with the PNG AA Gun you will wreak people!
76561198067175205,Recommended,251060,31465342,Posted: 30 April,all,midgester222,A detailed and intricate Cold war Strategy game with almost endless replayability and both interesting champaigns as well as fun and intense multiplayer battles. the custom deck builder also makes every deck permutation unique and tailored for each individuals playstyle. Definitly a must have for all hardcore strategy fans.
,Recommended,251060,26425753,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Panzer,It's a good RTS game i love this game and all the wargames plus there off brand game R.U.S.E
76561198161902562,Recommended,251060,13910145,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Burn Burnious the Burning One,"""Move you damn ♥♥♥♥♥!"" -Chinese tank driver. 10/10"
76561198007693444,Recommended,251060,10193494,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Godel,Closest to the real thing. Immersive. Tactical. Challenging.10/10
,Recommended,251060,10237274,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,BrutalChif,Huge improvement over previous installments...
,Recommended,251060,10194956,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Dosedmonkey,"I am reviewing this as someone who has never played a game in the Wargame series before. And well I can tell you, buying this franchise now, when it has so much content is a fantastic experience, as everything is new to me.At first the game seems a little overwhelming, and you wonder how you are going to be able to concentrate on so many elements, and make tacticaly pushes at the same time. But after playing a few rounds of the game, and getting a couple of hours under your belt it becomes an addictive fever of how you can improve your army choice and their tactics of use. In this game you can create completely custom armys, with a choice of over 750 units per side, so thats over 1500 units in total. And you can put a combination of any of those 750 in to your army you want, or you can use a specific nation only, and if you want a specific role, airbourne, marine, mechanized, armoured, just some examples, and with these you will get bonuses, allowing you to field more units, not less, in your specialisations!I have only really played the British and USSR in any detail yet, although I have also created North Korean and Anzac (Australia & New Zeland) armys also. And well I can tell you, the choice of units you get, first seems overwhelming, but don't worry, pick something, try it out, after a game or two you will go, hang on, nope i prefer a longer range artillery type, or possibly you feel your vehicle anti air vehicles are to vunerable to being spotted and prefer to field infantry anti air in future. And this progression and refining is continual.I find 4v4 games enjoyable, but I find the 10 vs 10 games exciting, and thrilling, as ten people try to push and defend a line, and support one another, it feels a lot more unpredictable, and evolving and in the end realistic then any other RTS I have played. If you watched back many of the 10 vs 10 battles on video you would struggle sometimes to realise whos units are whos, and that it wasn't a real historical battle, the way lines are formed, holes found and pushed in the enemy lines, and weak spots reinforced in your own line.The only problem I have found with the game is when your team starts loosing, a lot of people will be quick to drop out of the game, which is rediculous as many times I have found you can fight back from a loosing position if you work together. I think there should be some form of punishing the statistics of those who quit out early. Okay the players resource points is shared out between players, but sometimes a team is only just slightly loosing, because they lost their harbour, and half of their team will quit, meaning micro management just got a lot harder! And even with half the team quit you got to give the guys sticking to it credit though, they fight on to the last fire base, and hold every inch of ground.I vow to be someone who never quits out of a game early because I am loosing. Its all about having good fun, gameplay, and in the finish, last stands can be great fun. You can hold them off to the end of the timer, it will be a draw often.Do not be put off by the lack of VOIP (Voice chat) in game, you will find the system, where you can type short messages and ping it, smoke tag a spot of ground, with the writing much more useful. You can quickly type ""Enemy AA"" or ""Enemy Arty"" and tag it on the enemy position. Or tag where you will capture, or what troops you are pushing on to a spot very quickly. And this is better then struggling to describe something on these huge battlefields some times.So in short, a great Real Time Stratergy game, if you haven't tryed this series of games yet and enjoy RTS games, I would say it is a must buy. A great experience, and a new level of large scale RTS. What are you waiting for, buy it!"
76561198027947621,Recommended,251060,10206085,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Michael[SL],The best RTS i've ever played!
,Recommended,251060,25020915,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,the coney island clowner,good gam its good i like th east gaermans
76561197993997283,Recommended,251060,25092195,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,.,Very nice game!
,Recommended,251060,9923340,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Meowdog '90,"Game has a learning curve but once you get the hang of it, the game is amazing. It's not like your usual fast-paced RTS, you have to plan things in advance and anticipate enemy movements. Great strategy game, A++++ would play again."
76561198055396348,Recommended,251060,9958718,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,DevilDogGuidry,AWESOME SAUCE!!!!
,Recommended,251060,13280438,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,MOLESTER,"Has fagots as playable units.9/10 needs another ""g""."
76561198040079165,Recommended,251060,12315434,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Spacekiller,Just Awesome!
,Recommended,251060,10685391,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jayman9696,Got too gud and now people kick me from games11/10
,Recommended,251060,9587834,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,general wawrik,"Best RTS in last 10 years. After World in Conflict, ofc."
76561198003691843,Recommended,251060,9833035,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Jude,awesome game
76561197970522809,Recommended,251060,9844188,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Alilua,"Great RTS game. This is a solid upgrad from their previous titles and adds 4 asian factions. New units allaround and one of the more balanced play. Supports massive 10v10 battles. Best RTS game on the market and I wouldn't be suprised if this annexes the competitive rts gaming culture. Beautiful graphics, fun gameplayOnly issue is ai can be a little derpy at times, but it makes up for it by the fact it can single out high value targets better than a human player.96/100"
,Recommended,251060,9873271,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,integ3r,China wirr grow rarger!
76561198119481848,Recommended,251060,23108347,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Deaf_Vader,Love it!
,Recommended,251060,9843984,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Blackflunk,good beni
76561198009729086,Recommended,251060,9721516,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Jager,good game
,Recommended,251060,9791034,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Munchboii,"This game is an entertaining strategy with hundreds and scenarios and tactics that can be employed to help you win. The graphics are also of high standard, and mixed with the sharp meshes on the vehicles, this game can look immersively realistic."
76561198040457070,Recommended,251060,9832385,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,[GwM] LardThief,"Great sequel to ALB and it hasn't even been released yet.  Not only has the terrain been re-worked, but the planes micro-manage a lot easier than in ALB.  The Navy doesn't disappoint, there are plenty of ships to choose from and a vast assortment of units capable of amphibious landing. More units will be added I believe in the so-far free DLC that is bound to come out."
76561198101315665,Recommended,251060,9832526,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,EvilMichael,"this game is never a let down its done it again in this amazing,gourgeous rts check it out it does take skill to play if your looking for a casual rts this is not for you trust me ive been playing rts for 14 years and im 16 hope to see you guys and girls on the battlefield"
76561197991000544,Recommended,251060,9832613,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Sephereth,"best RTS ever, a must have tittle."
76561198024445042,Recommended,251060,9834272,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,yo ho ho ho  yo ho ho ho hoooo,awesome RTS game ever ! ♥
,Recommended,251060,9835880,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Dr. Strangewolf,love the smell of naplam in the morning and teriyaki!
76561198036699945,Recommended,251060,9867231,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Feldmarschall Radetzky,The best RTS game in recent 3 years!
,Recommended,251060,9867464,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Soviet,"Great addition to the series that builds on every aspect, with much bigger maps and amphibious units and landings allowing for a lot of tactical flexibility...Except for the pure naval maps, which are a ♥♥♥♥♥astic frustrating blobfest with no real strategy or finesse. If you have enough CIWS in your shipball you are completely invincible.  If you have slightly less than needed all of your ships will die. There is no middle ground.Just play the land and amphibious maps (which are the vast majority of maps anyway) and you'll have a great time.tl;dr game's imba as ♥♥♥♥, Eugen loves frogs, Komandosi are based, buy it anyways and lose to cheese decks online until you get angry enough to become good at it"
76561198021944996,Recommended,251060,9874985,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Bongo 1020,"Wargame Red Dragon expands and improves from the previous games in the series. The new factions are interesting to play with and the new naval battles add to the already great gameplay. Be warned however that there is a steep learning curve, you'll need to sink several hours before you come to grips with the game. In adition the online needs some work, some factions are simply better than others, especialy in naval battles, but this will be fixed in a future patch.If you're willing to put in the time this game can be alot of fun."
76561198054274261,Recommended,251060,9881676,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Rzabat,"Very fun combined battles. Also nice how they have amphibious APCs. They could make it better by giving the USSR its tanks, such as T-90s. A few typos here and there also. They should also add are that when vehicles explode, if it is hit in the right place, a part will fly off, such as the track, gun, turret, etc. The naval ships should also have people walking about and men in life boats and in the water if their ship sinks."
76561198180715274,Recommended,251060,22891305,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Garythewhale,battles larger than any other game out there
76561198135652515,Recommended,251060,28155217,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,XCRunnr7,Leading a company of United States Marine Infantry.Spot a lone enemy infantry unit on a jungle-shrouded hill.Weigh the options.Napalm the hill...Twice.Cluster bomb the hill...Twice.Repeatedly shell with artillery.11/10Would gladly waste taxpayer money again!
76561198061894091,Recommended,251060,16965916,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,TheMcdoogle,nothing can save you from the BBBBBBBRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTT10/10
76561198050331871,Recommended,251060,18900979,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Big Bad Bill,"Never has a videogame caused so much ragequit,...It's awesome to make people do that.10/10 will practice.****************************************************************************************************************************************North Korea can beat America;and the French don't just run away;South Korea has some of the best planes in the world;but Poland doesn't give a f***.Denmark's not afraid of China;and New Zeland isn't either.The RAF of England can't always shoot the german bombers down;and Canada can crush the USSR alone;ALL FEAR THE MIGHTY FALLSCHIRMJAGER!ALL FEAR THE MIGHTY BURRATINO!ALL LAUGH AT DELTA FORCE!ALL FEAR THE MIGHTY B5!****************************************************************************************************************************************EDIT:...Chat's amazing too."
,Recommended,251060,14148931,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Blackout,"you need a quick Lan game? you want to shell your friends from over 20,000 meters? you want to dump napalm over tons of innocent troops? you want to steer a big♥♥♥♥♥fleet to the side of a beach and broadside the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a platoon of tanks? you want to bomb the crap out of your friends supply depo? you want to command a battalion of tanks and drive over houses while firing 120mm shells at your fellow man? you want a card deck building game?  then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,251060,29282557,Posted: 15 January,all,(IETF)Gen*Lynx*,If you like games with really stupid computers that alwars rush the S@#$ out of you and there are no realistic ways to fight when short handed with troops you'll love this game. I recommend it because it looks nice and is quite fun the 1 of 10 times you can  have a good match with out the super computer completely destroying you in a matter of seconds. Having 60 T-72s rushing whill you hold a bridge with 5 tanks that could not hit the ground if they tried yeah its great fun..........All i can say is if your like me and enjoy using strategy to take an army down when out numbered and if you lose you at least feel good about you tactics when short handed then STAY AWAY!!!! because it does not exsist here. It's balls to the wall killing using your points to overwhelm the enemy.  I bought all three hoping that i could at leat have a few missions where time was no concern this did not happen.
76561198187415438,Recommended,251060,29249886,Posted: 14 January,all,DJ SLIM DICK69,Nice game shame that the develpoer are dirty sheckle hoarders and want you to pay 4:99 to play as finland
76561198027889509,Recommended,251060,29239546,Posted: 13 January,all,PengoPaddy,"A great rts, very different to most. I play single player and amhappy with the experience."
76561198036666352,Recommended,251060,29279053,Posted: 15 January,all,Dobričina,Cool game
,Recommended,251060,12532221,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Invictus,"This game is great, perfect for anyone who likes RTS games. I found it a little diffucult to get in at first, as there is so much to manage, but when you get a basic grasp of the game it becomes really fun. The naval side of it could use some work, but other than that, this game is amazing. If you don't have AA defending, let's say, AT infantry, then that AT infantry is probably dead. It all comes together into an amzing blend of strategy, cooperation, and the feel you get when there are a thousand untis on the field under your command!"
,Recommended,251060,12382967,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Luke,"Great game, good for stratergy but some vehicles powers are very unrealistic, good to play with friends"
,Recommended,251060,12507179,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ScotsIrish,"Outstanding game, they did an amazing job of really building and shaping the units to reflect how the nations actually fight (military doctrine).  BRUTAL learning curve, be ready!"
76561198082465834,Recommended,251060,12530855,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,f609082255,"Ridiculously hard to play for a new player like me, but after a while i can see it being a good game"
76561197989969387,Recommended,251060,9867868,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Zertz,"As always for the Wargame series, Red Dragon has great attention to details and a much more realistic (but still fun) approach to the RTS genre with a relatively unique setting of late Cold War Southeast Asia.  The changes to the solo campaign system is much appreciated (additional narrative, unique operational/strategic maps, line vs support units) and has already eaten much of my time."
76561198026732372,Recommended,251060,9872851,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,SleepyJedi,Im happy with it. Its no red alert but a new turn in RTS for me
,Recommended,251060,9876320,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,=JAViL15=,"The learning curve is frightening at first, but once you get through it Wargame has to be one of the best 'wargames' of all time. A multiplayer focused battlefield where the victor outplayed their oppenent through cunning and skill.The 'deck building' where you assemble your own roster of units is easily one of the determining factors in how great this game is."
76561197985928221,Recommended,251060,23121133,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,davehor168,Great game. Love the campaign but 5 are not enough.
76561198013625229,Recommended,251060,9840389,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Durka,"As a fan of the wargame series I highly recommend this game. It is unique, difficult to master, has lots of maps and units, and unlike most games these days has a great single player setup as well as a great multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,251060,31040252,Posted: 9 April,all,Nakano Azusa,good game
76561198045453813,Recommended,251060,21292169,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Tazio,"Definitely unique product. There is basically nothing similar on the market. Of course there are some things which possibly could be done better in the game,  but still, overall Wargame series provide great experience for players who want to take command in large scale modern battles with significant gameplay depth and some kind of ""realism"" flavor.8.5/10"
,Recommended,251060,22081224,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Moinky,"I've got 60 hours on this game and I've never actually played a multiplayer match, all that time was spent reading the chat and looking at cute tanks."
76561198170853662,Recommended,251060,23002831,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,commander999,"Love this game I don tget the full expericae as i play on my normal ""office"" style laptop still have lots of fun though with great graphics you can really become emmersed in the game. and if you have a good team and good enemy then you can be kept on your toes."
,Recommended,251060,32740638,Posted: 24 June,all,Blanjipan,I have no idea what's happening but the chat is hilarious9/10 would be 10/10 if there were dragons
,Recommended,251060,9556722,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Noders,I'm not going into depth about the game cuze i can't be bother to write much but simply put its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome its a true epic sclae RTS and yes you should ♥♥♥♥ing buy it
,Recommended,251060,9587667,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Senko.,boats
,Recommended,251060,9565479,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,jlee67,so much hard
76561198079706021,Recommended,251060,9557700,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Casey K [MG],"Only the first day of beta, played a handfull of matches and imo its so much better than Wargame: Airland Battle, not to mention I have spent hours all ready druleing over all the new and old units, and new and old weapon loadouts for the units, I cant wait to get some decks built and get into battle!!!"
,Recommended,251060,9568322,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,BIG RUSSIAN MAN WITH BIG DICK,"Amazing sequel to Airland Battle. Gameplay feels much more smooth and natural. The maps are also far more dynamic (Theres now hills that can be accesed my tanks, AA etc as one screenshot shows) and offer a great experience especially with the introduction of jungle and desert maps. Overall, 9.5/10 with the exception being i dont think enough new ground units were added but im sure more will come."
,Recommended,251060,9579170,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,eheines14,Lots of fun but a very steep learning curve. Also very different mechanics from ALB.
76561197985948265,Recommended,251060,9570997,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Leviathan,"Third installment of an epic series. If you're into micro heavy multiplayer battles that feel very tactical and allow smart strategies and the thoughful use of hard-counters: buy this!It's featuring nice graphics, immersive sounds, is running stable and gives you more nicely modeled units than every General ever cared to baby-sit.Much more ""realistic"" and way more interesting tactics included than in Company of Heroes or World in Conflict.The downfall still is a very crude UI and the lack of proper formation commands or a decent ""tactical A.I."" you gotta baby-sit your troops.Frankly, European Escalation and AirLandBattle were also pretty lame regarding the campaign mode and single player. The A.I. was horribad. Eugen pledgeg to change this for Red Dragon, but as this is only a Multiplayer Beta...no one can judge this so far. So: wait until full release if you're much into SP.But remember: Eugen cares for Wargame's player base, adding tons of free DLC for the last two games of the series and constantly improving the games by listening closely to the community. Very dedicated and trustful developer. Probably my most favourite current dev team.So: if you're looking for a challenging MP experience, buy RD. Don't hesitate a minute. If you still heitate, go and watch the Closed Beta let's plays on Youtube, made by Troublemaker, Attila16, VulcanGamingHD or RaptorICBM. #Red Dragon BETA"
76561198007206034,Recommended,251060,9565523,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Sombrero McSaladbar,One of the most amazing and detailed RTS games to date. A joy to play whether you win or lose. If you're an RTS fan you need to pick this one up!
,Recommended,251060,9582132,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,ThePopl98,"This is an AMAZONG RTS.And i plan on spending countless hours on it.BUTIn its current version, there could be some ironging out. there are occasional shader bugs which me and my friends have experienced. as well as RARE crashing. And units could be more balanced.All this being said, i love it. So why not get it early?"
,Recommended,251060,9602782,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Zaldarr,"Macro-scale RTS with no base building and a lot of explosions. RD is an interesting improvement over the previous release and it's probably one of the best RTS's in recent years. Very deep, and if you like Supreme Commander you're going to feel right at home. It's a bit overwhemling at first for new players and is best with friends to play with and curse at when your tank push gets clusterbombed by their jets. One of my favourite releases of the year so far. 10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥♥POLAN STRONK."
76561198127723381,Recommended,251060,14637208,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Bear Denn,"So look, I have 12 hours in this game. Hardly any compared to some. This game as it stands is one of the most addicting games I own. Don't let my low play time decieve you. I purchased all three Wargame games at the same time and this is my favorite. The game play is faster paced, and immerses you into the game. My rating is 10/10. yeah, its that good."
,Recommended,251060,16048952,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Empťúch,France can win a battle!9\10 Crotale operators recommend this game
76561198023151588,Not Recommended,251060,13899738,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Edzard,"Multiplayer balance is way off, NATO has a very big advantage.And of late cheaters have appeared, so I wouldn't bother playing unless you have a bunch of friends."
76561198097003994,Recommended,251060,31565132,Posted: 5 May,all,bhdso,Needs best korea campaign
76561198091382232,Recommended,251060,22989236,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,hovershift,one of the think i miss is the paratropers jumping from the planes
76561198090515846,Recommended,251060,34244431,Posted: 14 August,all,chandlerlee6,Great Game!!! love it Dearly
76561198014090097,Recommended,251060,13148906,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,head2dead,fun and awesome very crazy
,Recommended,251060,10108623,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,playdiuM*,"An absolute must for Wargame Fans. Eugene systems has done a wonderful job in adding naval to this game. Although there has been much improvement, I sometimes find it silly that a single battleship can take down so many tanks, among other units, which fire with ATGM's but don't get a single hit. Also wish certain planes would be available as regular planes not just naval planes, but I guess they're trying new things out. I like the extensions they've made, on creating certain game types, and more flexibility to custom games (no income for example is interesting for me). Overall I can say this is a worthy sequel to the wargame series"
76561198056658291,Recommended,251060,24338577,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Keizaigakusha,Why no Taiwan!? But great game otherwise. Taiwan should be the next DLC!
76561197984970500,Recommended,251060,28175926,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kallisti,"One of the best RTS games in my library.  Great graphics, great gameplay.  It's a must-have for a wargame collector."
76561198020996513,Recommended,251060,25117832,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ROKI,besttttt
76561198053049559,Recommended,251060,30021374,Posted: 18 February,all,Kaboom4321,"Pros:- lots of toys (1000+)- tons of fun even when losing- cancerous game chat- fun for being salty to teammates- My T34 kills M1 by sideshot (TM)Cons:- too many toys (1000+)- too much fun even when losing- 90% of game chat is not about game itself- salty teammates- T34 kills my M1 by sideshot (TM)- ""this game does not contain dragon""Conclusion:May have consumed my soul, only for 40 bucks."
,Recommended,251060,26601265,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bamsebub,"Hey, that's pretty good."
76561198135544415,Recommended,251060,14815551,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,RabbitDarko,"I played RUSE. I was worried the game was going to be like that. Well...other then the iris zoom thing, they ARE COMPLETELY different. Im not writing an entire review. Just wanted to let those who were worried that it is like RUSE know that this is a way better game."
,Recommended,251060,14821656,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Type Definition,Haven't won a PvP match by myself yet.11/10
,Recommended,251060,9822145,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,"Great game, but so confusing.  Learning as I play.  I love it.  Not enough factions and not enough units.  XD"
,Recommended,251060,12022836,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,whitewolfmxc,Its a perfect (well nearly) war similator XD
76561198031863466,Recommended,251060,12759752,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Unorginallyorginal,Nothing truly new or ground breaking other than see combat however it upholds the serie's standards and is still a fun play. worth your money.
76561198101279433,Recommended,251060,12884291,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,DemomanJL,"Love this game! I wish they update the game more often adding more maps and units. Other than that, it's perfect :D"
,Recommended,251060,9881300,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Kangxi Snaek,Sending Abos to investigate Chinese Chemical Flamethrower teams has never been this realistic!
76561198099055166,Recommended,251060,23122141,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,DennisDaMenace,Damn...I play this game way too much...
,Recommended,251060,26176908,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Grisha Goblin,I really wish they'd make some new REDFOR for once.
76561198085519545,Recommended,251060,23148382,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,silver2127,Great game high learning curve. 10/10 Would Kill commies again
,Recommended,251060,12499874,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Satan,"This game is quite amazing, the graphics are great, they actually paid some attention to the units, and the overall gameplay is amazing. I would recommend this game to everyone who is considering buying it. What are you still doing reading reviews? Buy it already!"
76561198063805729,Not Recommended,251060,11994803,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Plank,"I started the first campaign, and I had no idea what was going on. I spawned in a few tanks, thousands of missiles destroyed everything, and I lost. All within the span of one minute. This game desperately needs some kind of tutorial, that isn't just words on a page.  Expecting me to know how to perfectly play your game the first time I launch it is ridiculous. I can't recommend this game to ANYONE that hasn't either already played it, or one of the previous games, and has a firm grasp on how every aspect of this game works and a lot of experience. If you don't meet all of those conditions, stay far, far away. I want a damn refund."
76561198049546969,Recommended,251060,18347792,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Willy McGuffin,"The most in-depth strategy game I've ever played.Eugen deserves some felicitations for the ambition manifested by this game and its engine. Despite the learning cliff, this game strikes the right balance between predictability and replayability. The UI is deceptively simple, and the complexity of the game owes more to tactics than any other single element. There is no base-building mechanic or resource collection to speak of here; all the units are at your fingertips right from the start, ensuring intensity from the beginning of each game.This is not an easy game to learn. Each unit has hard counters, many of which will not occupy the same price bracket. Tanks get a special mention not as invincible death machines, but simply as counters to enemy armour, which are themselves vulnerable to all kinds of threats, ranging from infantry to ATGMs to airstrikes. There is no unit that cannot be killed in one hit by another, far less expensive one. This means that Wargame can also be highly frustratinng at times. It also means that the ability to predict where your opponent is going to place their units is a skill to be valued. Coupled with a unique recon mechanic that completely eschews LOS bubbles and fog of war, this makes each round surprisingly tense. In many cases the only thing telling you whether a treeline contains an enemy squad or not will be your instinct. Expect to spend the better part of 50 games figuring out the basics. Watch replays or you will find yourself going up against and losing to the same formations again and again.Playing a match of Wargame is like conducting a symphony. Miscalculating maneuvers by mere seconds can mean you'll be picked apart. But when it all comes together- it's exhilerating, and there is nothing like it."
,Recommended,251060,19373362,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,♠Yama♠,1 Day- Buy game- Start game- Read tutorial for 40 minutes- Build a deck for 1 hour- I start I vs AI- Got killed after 2 minutes2 Day- Now i have super deck- I surviving full match but i still lose- Know BasicsEdit: 3 Day- Have really good plan- MY FIRST WIN!! :D- EzPS: Today i'm proud of myself! I got 200 points :D But i still lose :c Awesome gameThe moral of this is:You need Spend some hours to know how to play or even survive.There is a Youtuber named Bubblebox.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkwmYQEXYgw&list=PLHtKlizeUqD9X8ZDrkgKhk8W8nSih0Lk9&index=1He is awesome guy and he can teach you very very much. By him i can play.Have a good day
76561197971139116,Recommended,251060,17474542,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,UKCarbine,"Following on from the brilliant Air Land Battle, Red Dragon offers revised nations and Naval Warfare. The latter does not really appeal to me and I often wish they would have just run with an amphibious aspect of the game as the ships are just broken IMO. Which is a shame as no doubt the developers put a lot of time developing the units.As you can see from the number of hours I have ploughed into this game, I like it and why not. It is a very unique game and nearly all games played on MP are going to be different with the number of viable nations and coalitions. Like ALB it has a near vertical learning curve. So if you have skipped previous incarnations of this game them you might be in for a bit of a hard time. Don't be put off. You can play against the A.I which might cheat and not simulate human tactics and play. They will allow you to get to grips of what units do what. Also how to use them effectively. Howevr this will require some watching of you tube to get peoples views on deck building. As deck building is the core of the game. Ther are no bases to build, however in certain game modes occupying territory yields an income of sorts to buy units from your pre-configured deck.The game has been out for over a year now and this means that new players really stand out. However the forum is a good place to post and organise games with newer players. Smaller games are a great way to really appreciate the game. 1v1 up to 4v4 (other variations are available but require deicated server support). In house games are a great way to learn to play and offer feedback to mates after a game. Again there are more experienced players out there who offer tuition as they want to add to the community.10 v 10 is great fun and can be quite a punishing place if you are new. As new players have a tendancy to quit the game once they lose an initial push or are overrun. This has a big impact on the players left on the game and which is why a lot of newer players tend to receive the cold shoulder by some players. On the reverse of that it is also a gaming environment where new players mistakes can be corrected by other stronger players. As long you aren't feeding units to the enemy in the games most dominant game mode. Destruction, basically awards points for killing certain units with a set value. More expensive units give higher points.To summarise a great game with fantastic MP, it has been out a while so expect to do a bit of homework for MP games. If you wish to win that is. Alternatively play it with mates in your own in house environment until you are up to speed. A truly glorious game that deserves a thriving community, unlike the dwindling one of current. Hopefully Eugen will pull another out of the bag."
,Recommended,251060,22556860,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,=Pepper*Spray==,one of the best
,Recommended,251060,22831130,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,FADAFINGLING,its complicated and fun
76561198038693263,Not Recommended,251060,10861776,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hitman0909,"This is a waste of space. I have played 500+ hours and at this stage of the game before the DLC is out it's very bad. I have a 90% W/L ratio so im top 5% and I dont why Ive wasted so much time. Everything is unbalnced the maps suck and most of the community is trollish, stupid and just right out rude. If you see main chat where everyone can talk it's cancer. Everyone there thinks they are the best at the game. The forums is just as bad. Forum fighters make the game suck as well. Someone with 1000 posts on the forums will seem like the know what they are talking about but they dont. They will really have a 40% W/L and 100 games. Please go bye Wargame ALB if you dont have it. It is great."
,Recommended,251060,16762727,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Terak,"Made East Block deckCalled it ""East♥♥♥♥♥♥Block""♥♥♥♥♥♥Blocked all dem NATOs with all my tanks, choppers and troops10/10"
76561198129722085,Recommended,251060,34841128,Posted: 9 September,all,Mudders,"Wargame Red Dragon is avery fun game. The graphics are nice and the controles are good too. Its very enjoying and fun to have massive battles with explosions and jets flying. When I first played i was blown away it was really fun. The only problem i have with this game is the price. I had to get this game for 30 dollars which was kinda expensive. Another thing is that the community is more toxic than a radioactive taco bell fart. People constantly rage and yell at eachother for such simple mistakes, and i tell them that its just a game why you hef to be med, and they get even more salty. Besides that this game is Epic i give it a 8/10."
76561198118845429,Recommended,251060,31227733,Posted: 18 April,all,scenix,"First I played R.U.S.E and then I saw they created newer games based on the modern times. Instantly researched and bought. Has a learning curve for new players, but the tutorials and campaigns are good practice :) However, I'm still a nub."
76561198026087201,Recommended,251060,14399101,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Player1,"Played this game a few hours, I like it!"
,Recommended,251060,23053803,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Daniel stale iny,THIS IS THE REAL RTS.  10/10
,Recommended,251060,33278502,Posted: 5 July,all,gowthamn,My first RTS game and I like it. Its very complex though.It would have been good if the Fighter jets were more powerful just as in real life.
,Recommended,251060,34774203,Posted: 6 September,all,hamatank,It's a great game.
76561198018796780,Recommended,251060,22900944,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,nampo10,Just the absolute BEST strategy game i've played in a good long time. absolutely one of the best.
76561197966116287,Recommended,251060,25453537,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hamburger89,"I think that this is my first review, at least my first real one.As you can see I spend nearly 500h on this game and I have to admit that a lot of it was just in the chat.You get two things when you buy this game.1. One of the most realistic and intense RTS-Strategy games that have ever existed. If you have, like me, been always interested in RTS games (C&C, Civ, Rome Total War etc.) this game is definetely something for you.2. The social network. Yes, I would go so far and call the chat in wargame a real social network. It´s a place where no rules exist and either people discussing who would win WW3 or they just post 1 billion flags.I played with probably 1000+ people and 90% where ready to corporate and teamplay. What I like about this game a lot is that I never get mad when I lose. If your strategy is bad you ♥♥♥♥ up, there is no luck in the game it is all about good management of your troops and micro-economy.I would love to see a sequel to this series, as I have never experienced such a good teamplay in a game (except Project Reality Mod for BF2 and Squad)."
,Recommended,251060,34898333,Posted: 12 September,all,Man-Ray(pist),gud gam
,Recommended,251060,10236754,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Burraku,I reccomend this game for fans of history and the great war that occured between the free russians and imperialist allies. This game is amazing and truly shows hte power and conviction of the soviet army. it also shows nato's technological superiority and Hyper fighters power against soviet titans. this game is more like worth 20$ for misleading graphics in store screenshots but other then that it''s a good game. except for the french bias..
76561198016615194,Recommended,251060,14432783,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Sampanion,"This game combines the complexity and mechanics of card based or table top strategy games with the real time action of a conventional RTS.That's a good thing if you understand that, but it means there is a steep learning curve to the game. You can not zerg in this game. Well you can, but you won't be very popular with your team mates.Get to know the 100s of units' strengths and weaknesses, get to learn the complex mechanics, get to know the maps and their conventions and you there is a great sense of satisfaction to be had. You can't just jump in a guess though, and the game it's self doesn't offer anything in the way of education.The interface is clunky, half the time a left click works half the time a right click works. The move button is labelled attack, the flank button is labelled move and the layout is keener to be 80's retro than usable and sane.All that complexity and dedication to learn what's going on adds up to an unfriendly experience for new players. You play your first game and loose all your units in 20 seconds to rocket spam; then your team hates you for feeding the enemy. So in your second game you bring rocket spam and your team hates you for wasting their resource and attracting counter battery to supply routes and refuelling units. And so it goes on.Playing as a team will be a much more rewarding experience. For a start  you have a chance to be competitive when facing servers stacked with other teams, and your co-ordination and collaboration will give you a huge advantage to counter-balance your nubness.If you are a 'serious business' player and want a less simplistic RTS then this is right up your street, but it is in no sense a casual or accessible game, and games from outside the 'wargame' series will not have as much in common as you expect."
76561198163221743,Recommended,251060,31287903,Posted: 21 April,all,AmericaisAwesome,"The best RTS game i've ever played! Stunning graphics, realistic gameplay, it has everything! I LOVE it!"
,Recommended,251060,25638125,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,=RP= Sarge,"Great RTS, competitive, hundreds of variations and playstyles. 10/10"
76561198162918964,Recommended,251060,24361997,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mr. Tunney,BEST RTS EVER!!!
,Recommended,251060,9668526,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Jaffacake239 [20th AIB],"Love this game, like the ones before it!"
,Recommended,251060,9700592,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Sigvor,"If you like military simulation, strategy, or having your commanding skills put to the test then I highly suggest Wargame: Red Dragon. Be prepared to have to precariously balance your offense and defense to overcome your enemy with land, air, and sea. Don't expect to have your hand held. You either win or you watch your military crumble against the onslaught of arty, air support, tank platoons, and infantry companies. When you win though, you know you damn well earned it."
76561198037336600,Recommended,251060,11021148,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,"This review has been completely updated as I wrote the first review with little understanding of the game. Previously I thought the land battles were good, but I liked the naval battles more. That has completely changed. The naval battels are quite bad, land is the only worthwhile part of this game. So first, the naval battles.Naval battles in a mixed land/water maps ussually handled by one person. It ussually ends up being blufor spamming anti-ship jets against redfor, or one of the sides will push towards the enemy spawn, and the enemy will have saved money and instantly spawn in 2-3 ships and destroy the aggressors. I have never had an actual naval battle on these maps. The closest I have come is missile stand offs. Occassionaly the navy will start bombarding land, and at this point you cant afford any sort of anti naval units, so it is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ To conclude naval battles are essentially missile cheese battles.Land battles are far better. My only gripe is with high end tanks. They run for about 170-180 but are a little lackluster. If a tank 1 has 15 frontal armor and a gun that does 18 damage, and tank 2 has 22 frontal armor and a gun that does 20, the tank 1 will do one damage and tank 2 will do 5. This means Tank 1 kills tank 2 in ten hits and tank 2 kills tank 1 in two hits. This seems fair enough, but it means that heavy tanks can be damaged by any sort of semi heavy projectile, even shots from a 30mm auto cannon on a BTR-90. They are also destroyed extremely quickly by any sort of ATGM. Any sort of anti tank attack helo can kill these high end tanks with 23 frontal armor in 2-3 hits. Other than that I have no problems with the game. It manages to be realistic, but still faced paced at the same time. Just make sure you play conquest, Destruction modes are essentially world war 1 all over again."
,Recommended,251060,26233758,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,THE PieEater 247,This is my favorite RTS game in my library
76561197995314372,Not Recommended,251060,26068613,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Chad Urho,"TLDR; Good idea, poor executuion.Micromanagement is a mess, no match making, unit stats and unit exclusions are inconsistent ,engine is overly simplistic and won't be improved, comunity management=censorship and now the game is turning into a pay2win game."
,Recommended,251060,9679713,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,bunnyhunt,Yes Yes oh my god yes. Just do it just do it. It's so much damn fun.
,Recommended,251060,9690206,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Capt. Ryan [BFL],"This game is on par with games like Arma 3 in terms of content and graphics. Even thought it's still in beta, it's well worth the price."
76561198003225581,Recommended,251060,9699364,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Willy,"On its way to WG glory. Reviving the RTS for todays gamer and EVOLVING it beyond....most of todays gamers. Big learning curve, huge reward."
76561198166175991,Recommended,251060,31852626,Posted: 19 May,all,The King of Spades,"I loved R.U.S.E, but this is infinitely better. 9.8/10"
76561198267619887,Recommended,251060,25266907,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Panzergrenadiere,very worth to try
,Recommended,251060,25472099,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DrDalek,"the chat,omgby the way,this is a good gamerealistic rts,more !"
76561197991484447,Recommended,251060,25482910,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ΛΡΦΚΛLΨΡΖΣ RΣΧ,"Imperium ain't free. The bear of Soviet Might gotta be fed with the cadaver of Orthodox Patriots. Vladimir ILYICH Lenin aka ""Vlad the Impaler"" is not my comrade. He federalized the Rodina and is probably jewish as well :DDDDDDDDD Ivan GROZNY not Leon TROT$KKKY ok. Praise Stalin."
76561197996014834,Recommended,251060,25844507,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,highside538,"This is one of the best RTS games ever made.  I particualry like the way the single player campaigns are set up.Great balance, with real ""cold war era"" units.  Units have very specific qualities to the vehicals, weapons, aircraft etc.Combined operations and solid supply lines becomes quite key to victory.  Suppression and cover are vital tactics.  Speed Violence and Agression are key.I have dumped hours into this game and although I do go and play other games, I find myself happily returning to this one on a regular basis.Active developer adds maps and unit packs that most other developers would make one pay for as DLC, but Eugen systems gives for free.Awesome multiplayer game with an active community.There is a reason this game hasn't come down in price much, it is that good and yes it is worth it.  If your a military RTS fan this one is a must have.10/10-Highside"
,Recommended,251060,25757877,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,WorldPeace,Czechoslovakia is stronk.
76561198055473724,Recommended,251060,17170255,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Tankslayer_TFX,"Best Wargame so far, can play as Scandinavians in North Korea, can play as USSR in Japan.................ONWARDS FOR MOTHERLAND COMRADES!"
76561198091012586,Recommended,251060,26701785,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mike Echo,"Fantastic game, so for the best RTS I have ever played!"
,Recommended,251060,14457676,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lu,Amazing!! Not your daddies GI Joes. Makes Command and Conquer Generals look like a toy. This is THE Military RTS to play.
76561198223370084,Recommended,251060,20626488,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dario92ck,Needs S-300 and Patriot
,Recommended,251060,16116701,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ghost,BEST GAME EU
,Recommended,251060,16550879,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Warspite doge,Ever wanted to lay a beatdown on North Korea?This is the game for you!Just watchout because AI will have 4x the units you will have.
,Recommended,251060,17829959,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,QRP,>>>>>>
76561198067518678,Recommended,251060,17134896,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,jessiejames50,best rts ive ever played
76561198128284508,Recommended,251060,17182124,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Edinburgh,"If youre planning on buying this game, just be prepared- Pull out the dusty laptop, open a notebook (with #2 pencil you uncultured swine) and set aside 3-4 hours to learn, memorize, and strategize profusely like you havent done since college."
,Recommended,251060,17314516,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Kevin9561,"If you like real-time strategy games, then this is the game for you! Lots of Nations to play as which result in +1200 playable units! If you got the money then give it a try!"
,Recommended,251060,17138058,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,[NKVD] Revan,Hard to learn and near impossible to master. However get past the learning curve and you ll find there are extremely fun times ahead # 10 v 10 ftw - Don't f**k with East Germany :D
76561198066051334,Not Recommended,251060,17635877,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ivd,"I loved War game EE despite its very challenging interface, I got War game air land battle and after over 600 hours of multiplayer I loved it and still play it once a night.I Got War game Red dragon and .....well I played it for 500 hours and just kept trying to like it.in the end I stopped playing.The main issues are the Maps they are to small and there is no where to hide your heavy equipment.roads all seem to converge in densly urban death traps.and just force you to crash head on into the enemy there are no genius master strokes in flacking or bluffing your location.It could have been but it is just not."
,Recommended,251060,18393052,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Abrams,"One of the best games ever. If you're a military buff or you just like playing RTS games, this is definitely a must-get.putin tanks sux10/10"
76561198107347974,Recommended,251060,12007592,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,GodzillaAteMe80,"Great game for military and history buffs, requiring skill and good strategy. The Campaigns are interesting and different than most RTS. Overall the best Cold War RTS I've played."
76561198019601544,Recommended,251060,15100131,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Aquilifer,I can recommend sinking a few hours on this game.Remember to take breaks though.Long breaks.And come back to just warchat the rest of the evening. (Check myTTFS guideon that please)
76561198052972531,Recommended,251060,14254219,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ww785612,"The best stratigic game i have ever played. The learning curve was steep but once I know how things work, I can not stop playing it."
,Recommended,251060,12618455,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Vypr,bias/10 would buy again
,Recommended,251060,11981979,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Rhaegor,"Best RTS war type strategy game out there.  I also love Men of War Assault Squad 2, but this is just so much more polished and professional where MoWAS2 is very unpolished.  Anyway, this is a great game, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes military type games and RTS."
76561197991610327,Not Recommended,251060,20218703,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,lawn boy,"This is a very fun game. Perhaps the best RTS game of the last decade, which is saying a whole lot. Why can I not recommend this game then?It has hands down the WORST community of any game I have ever played. Because the game lacks an automatch feature, expect to be kicked from lobbies for having too low or high a win/loss ratio. It can often take up to a half hour to find a game. Teams of extremely experienced players will sit in a lobby stacking one team and wait to fill the other side with players they can steamroll. This is how the majority of the small handful of games offered in the match browser are at any given time.Eugen is not interested in adding an automatch feature, so don't buy this game. At least you can easily find a match in Company of Heroes 2. Shame it's an inferior RTS in every respect."
,Recommended,251060,32650224,Posted: 22 June,all,Woah man,such tank much shooting very skill
,Recommended,251060,32418035,Posted: 14 June,all,dolaf,the buratino is pretty good i guess
76561198076938274,Recommended,251060,28691824,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BigPuff,"Bought for the gameplay, stayed for the chat10/10 would discuss F-35 again"
,Recommended,251060,30292214,Posted: 3 March,all,Edu149,"Okay first, I know I don't have alot of hours in to it for right now. But still I don't think my review would've changed.Second the only thing i'm not happy about is the learning curve (it's HUGE), very difficult to start if you don't have any experience in this game genre. This is the first game I have in the RTS genre and it was not easy to learn. After watching alot of tutorials and gameplay I got the basic of the game (still though). I found it very weird of them to only give tutorials in the form of text (The text wasn't even helpfull). Still the graphics are amazing, same for the gameplay (If you get the hang of it). And the huge 15 v 15 battles! Oh my god, just amazing.So yeah, for new players, the learning curve is huge!The graphics and giant battles are amazing!So if you get the hang of it, it's an amazing game!"
,Not Recommended,251060,14424359,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,TheCrippler,"TLDR: It's an ok game if it's on a heavily discounted sale. You're not missing anything.I can't say i can recommend this game because you're not missing anything if you don't buy it. If you played the previous games and just want a new theater of war, go ahead. Otherwise, there are better RTS games out there.While European Escalation is still the best in the series and Airland Battle being a complete disaster, Red Dragon is a positive return towards a well balanced product. It combines some of the crafted and procedural campaign aspects of European Escalation that provided imersion and includes the strategic map from Airland Battle. The AI is improved over AB in that it doesn't just spam the highest value units at the player. There is some more rhyme and reason behind it's logic.The graphics seem unchanged from the first game. It looks fine. It's more or less bug free and it provides free DLC."
76561198042734972,Not Recommended,251060,13112247,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Aligned Manatee,"Just avoid, horribly unbalanced, the AI cheats heavily on the easiest setting, and the always on chat is extremely toxic.The AI has infinite points/ammo/fuel they can see hidden units, their normal non AA tanks can attack aircraft yet yours cannot.The visibility for planes/helicopters that are non recons is awful considering how far they should be able to see.Due to seeing everything, the AI will launch artillery on your command vehicle or destroy your flanking tanks with a single plane, while yours barely scratches theirs.Something that helps in a RTS is flanking, but the AI sees everything so flanking is impossible, they'll just see you coming and kill you from a distance.The only AI weakspot is infantry in buildings where they die in vast numbers trying to kill your infantry with tanks.They get no penalty for moving through rough terrain while yours do.Multiplayer results in rushes or cheap tactics with sore losers and a toxic community behind it.The beginning campaign is not at all beginner level, the autowin is unrealistic with its expectations of your forces.Avoid unless you like a smashed keyboard, as this WILL result in one."
76561198063591227,Not Recommended,251060,28847940,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Wolf,"I really like dthis game and had hours of great fun. I was thinking about getting this game as a present to my friend, who really likes RTS. However, after the last patch it has become absurdly obviously that the Eugen developers have a clear bias. They make one of the factions of the game, bluefor, overpowered with easily the best units in the game with competition. To list a few; Nighthawk, Longbow, Patriot, Challenger 2, Otomatic, KF-16C Block 52D, Maglans. These units make those factions fun for a short while and provide novice players a handicap and experienced players a challenge. However, Eugen has clearly presented a bias to the other faction, redfor, by not only refusing to provide counter balancing units, but also reduce the power of the ones already present. This makes the Redfor DLC pack virtually pointless to buy and makes the only redfor playable factions the Eastern Block Coalition and Soviet Union. This bias severely restricts the games' online playability as winning 1 in 5 games as redfor or boring “cookie-cutter” tactics as bluefor. I have observed units on redfor be nerfed time and time again, but this last patch was the final straw. If Eugen cannot provide a balanced gameplay, then I cannot recommend the game to others."
,Not Recommended,251060,10227210,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,PHELKO,Very hard game and with basicly no tutorial i couldnt get into this game
,Not Recommended,251060,14455653,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,PRESIDENTO,"Portugues:A propagando do jogo na steam nada mais é do que propaganda enganosa. O jogo não se parece EM NADA com o que está aparencendo nos traillers, na verdade maior parte do tempo você estará olhando para mapas, e suas unidades estarão em tamanho microscópico. A Steam deveria tomar vergonha na cara e colocar uma propaganda mais fidedigna com o que esta aparente no jogo que a principio parece uma espécie de RTS, mas não tem nada a ver. Eu tentei relevar este fato, dar uma chance, afinal dinheiro foi gasto., até que... chego no tutorial... Primeira vez na vida que vejo um tutorial completamente escrito, isso mesmo senhores, os devs não tiveram nem a decencia de incluir missoes introdutoria pra explicar as mecânicas do jogo, que aparentemente não é nada fácil. Also, a AI é completamente roubada e execulta movimentos perfeitos, quase que humanamente impossível para jogadores reais, forçando-o a jogar multiplayer mesmo quando você quer apenas um entreterimento solitário.Se apesar de tudo você ainda quiser comprar o jogo, sugiro começar a ler os comentários contra, vários,  e em seguida os positivos. E é claro, não faça como eu, assista primeiro o gameplay no youtube e depois decida por si mesmo.English:> steam false advertising> unintuitive interface> NO IN GAME TUTORIAL MISSIONS (wargame: red dragon tutorial = LOTS OF WALLTEXT)> for newcomers (like) the game may be very very hard to learngive 2/10 for the trolling"
76561198019737265,Not Recommended,251060,18377695,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SWG_Wally,Just started. I played the last one and enjoyed it but this one is different... I get a medieval two total war feel with these battles happening after you move a bunch of chess pieces around... 4/10.
76561198019584864,Not Recommended,251060,10352517,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Devorlast,"Waste of time and money unless youre willing to spend A LOT of time learning the game mechanics and how to micromanage an entire modern army, all at once, with no active pause."
,Recommended,251060,32144601,Posted: 2 June,all,MasoN,+Good graphics+Deeply accurate+good variety of nations both on bluefor and redfor+good solo campaign and skirmish+large variety of units for both sides------------------------------------------community of white american nerds-noob-unfriendly-Partly Real but imbalnced nations
76561197988369748,Not Recommended,251060,10154833,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Sleepy Weasle,"Overly complicated... Maybe others like it that way but when I have to deal with thousands of blinky things, I lose interest."
76561198110710751,Not Recommended,251060,23563973,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ching chong chow,untill this bug is fixedhttps://steamcommunity.com/app/251060/discussions/0/558753804527652515/0/10if they fix this instant 8/10
76561198042851724,Not Recommended,251060,16125901,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Qzack,No tutorial missions. The only tutorial in the game is shoved into multiple different areas and nothing in a logical place.
76561197970488031,Not Recommended,251060,10960879,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,twopounder,"I was really interested in this edition of Wargame because of the promised expanded campaign. That was an extreme letdown. There are 4 very short campaigns with fixed factions and no options.+Instead of bringin in army goups or MEU's, you bring in pre-made ""regiments"" that form an army in the sector they are fighting.+Units are destroyed on the regiment level instead of army level.+You can reinforce the regiments now instead of just playing a war of attrition.+Lots of new units, amphibious units.+Excellent music and sound.-None of the campaigns take place in the 90's (when the game actually takes place. Makes no sense). For example, in 1987, I have access to USMC infantry with a configuration from the 90's.-Campaigns are short and only the RedFor countries (china, russia, etc) start in good position. NATO/non-Warsaw is always spread thin and on the defensive.-Warsaw units are still stupid powerful. Their transport helicopters take more ground fire than an Apache or Warthog, all their units have the best accuracy in class, best range in class, best penetration in class, best health in class, etc etc.-You still have to play leapfrog with scout units, which is tedious (though non-scout units seem to have a slight increase in vision range, so it's a little better).On a side note, you'll probably want to turn chat off if you buy the game. There is generally at least one person ranting about how they are going to ""kill the West and♥♥♥♥♥♥all their children"". Trolling is EXTREMELY bad in this game. Probably the worst I've ever seen."
,Recommended,251060,9557437,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Kautz,"Despite being in beta stage still and having some serious bugs, (deck making crash and unreliable mp flare beacons to name a few) this game is awesome! They fixed some of the flaws in Airland Battle and EE like improving artillery, and adding arrows that  show which reinforcement point your troops come in from which is very helpful. The new units are really cool and the new maps are beautiful and more realistic looking than their ALB and EE counterparts, and the new factions are cool as well. The naval units are not in the game yet sadly, but apparently they were very buggy in the closed beta and needed fixing, and I am sure they will be fantastic when the game is fully released a month from now. If you like RTS games and favor games that are more realistic I highly recommend Red Dragon. Wargame can be difficult at first for new players, but playing against the ai is a good way to practice for mp combat. I am very pleased with Red Dragon so far, and cannot wait for the game to be fully released so I have access to all the new features like naval combat and the campaign maps."
,Not Recommended,251060,23834356,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Legit1261,Only got it for naval combat after playing its preddecesor and I was extremely disappointed. Dont buy this only for the naval like I did.
76561198113353376,Not Recommended,251060,25118872,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CRAFTHYTOASTER13,i would not recommend this game to anybody do to the fact that wargame support cant even speak english nor do they care what problems you encounter or weither they sold you a invaid cd key
76561198136238543,Not Recommended,251060,14559431,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Philadelphia Collins,"Do not buy this, the new DLC broke the game. Its been weeks and the company seems uniterested in fixing this issue.Game is broken untill the DLC is fixed"
76561198017723865,Recommended,251060,25515841,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,sorseris,I do highly recommend this game ( and franchise ) for all REAL strategy fans.
76561198007169943,Recommended,251060,25811370,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Doug3575,Difficult learning curve. With time and effort a very fun game! Youtube videos by Stealth17 a great help!
76561198103082240,Recommended,251060,19920291,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,【HAN】falcofyc,最好能先玩ALB，因为这部教学不够详细
76561198026624697,Not Recommended,251060,28532791,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Madmaks,"A really good game i sadly cannot recommend due to the tiny playerbase and its associated issues. Mainly because of the game's steep learning curve, but also because of the poor in-game tutorial and the absolutely unwelcoming, toxic, elitist community that seems to enjoy the ingame chat more than the acutal game. Games are often set up to be one-sided towards a team of veterans, and people often quit mid-game because of rage/connection problems/dinner-time.If you want to give the game a chance, then i highly recommend playing with a friend. Solo is a really bad idea especially in larger games."
,Recommended,251060,9635320,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,hymfer,i love it.
,Recommended,251060,9838995,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Al,"Where is Italy???North Korea is USSR with Strelas and ATGM attached to everything, still fun though."
,Recommended,251060,22932432,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,csteere,Why no Steam achievments yet!?!
76561198020477852,Not Recommended,251060,17571723,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,BigMeatSpecial,"First off, by my hours played on not only this game but the others in the series you can tell I am(was) a fan of the Wargame series.I dont really write reviews but for a game series which ive cared about so very much I feel I must.I really cant recommend this game to an avid strategy fan. The other 2 games, European Escalation and Airland Battle I can, but not this one.The biggest problem with this game, and it has been like this since launch, is the artillery. In the past games, Eugen(the developers), have wrestled with artillery and how much damage and stun it can do to units. In EE the artillery was very powerful but if played well it wasnt a real hindrance to other players. In Airland battle the nerf bat hit artillery pretty good, it left artillery in a state for being good for smoking or maybe pouring on stun for an assualt, but not overwhelmingly so.Now Wargame Red Dragon. Oh boy, they opened a can of worms on this one. MLRS and Cluster shot (Artillery which fragments in air and rains down like a cluster bomb) is the metagame in the large player games (10v10, 6v6, ect). If you bring a few cards of cluster and are somewhat competent, you can destroy a whole line of units, completely obliterating an enemies line of defense, opening the way for an assault. Now see,in a 1v1 or 2v2 or even 4v4 this isnt too bad, people are generally moving units around and making sure they arent in one place for along time. But the problem arises in the 10v10 games. if 2 or 3 or even 4 people all bring cluster artillery, it turns into a spamfest. You cant bring your units any where close to the front line without heavy tanks getting popped ina few shots by cluster artillery, and in long games it just doesnt stop.Now this isnt how artillery should be used in a game. It shouldnt be a god button for destroying hard units and removing assault lines, it should be used to somewhat stun and lower morale in the units on the front line to soften up for an assault by combined forces. Not to completely obliterate the whole line. But thats only one problem with it.In large games their is no real regulation on decks, if half the team brings a support(Artillery) deck, who's supply do you think they will use to refill their artillery after their Forward Operating Base(FOB) is depleted? DING DING DING Its going to be yours. Now that your FOB is depleted and you cant refuel and resupply your actual units, you know, those things called infantry, tanks, IFV's, and other front line units. Your line will be destroyed. But its okay because by that time your teammates will have cluster bombed the enemy into oblivion and everyone will have quit the 10v10!!!!!!!GG Eugen, this on top of other balance issues i wont go into have made this game thoroughly unenjoyable for those who like larger games."
76561198014388099,Recommended,251060,23097000,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,NuMPTy,"Great game, bit of a steep learning curve"
76561198056871716,Not Recommended,251060,10537352,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,alexodams,"This game just isnt fun. I'm not sure what kills it for me, it could be the stupid amounts of arty, or helicopter spams or the stupid deck system but this game just does not work anymore."
76561197984757108,Not Recommended,251060,18013238,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,HoneyBadgerSIX,This game is made by people who have never seen the real brutality of combat. So don't expect tactics to be a thing. Basicallly go fist yourself and get ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥ Single player lmfao plz what a joke. AI knows where you are and on top of that They basically make you play NATO except you're really a eastern bloc ♥♥♥♥wit. Think KJI 1980s and thats what they give ROK lmfao. 10/10 if I could refund I would. WORST DEV EARTH! Plz ♥♥♥♥ them all and add to murder lists
,Recommended,251060,18431159,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Mushu-Wu,"I made a custom team consisting of only Japanese and South Korean forces.I named it ""Starcraft and Sushi""."
,Recommended,251060,9624478,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,iMainYORICKx420x,"Bigger, Badder, BetterI love how this game completely expands upon its predecessors. While Airland Battle felt more like a rectified and updated European Escalation, this feels like an all out war for top sequel. The game practically hands you all these different units and says, ""Go have fun.""I love how units do not rout as easily, either. There are so many factors that can decide the outcome of a battle. Because of the lessened rout, the little guy has a chance to make the difference. One panicked tank is able to harass an enemy column long enough for me to reinforce it.Never have I had so much fun blowing through enemy units or losing mine in a single, decisive swoop by my opponets. It keeps you thinking quick but always two steps ahead. What are you willing to sacrifice? When should you retreat? How will you make your advance?The Naval aspect opens new doors. Just this morning, I used an amphibious assault to take my opponent's point. Using Infantry and LAVs, I was able to distract the enemy invasion from taking siege of my ally. When they turned their heads, I swung my sword for the killing blow. My ally poured his reserves into those countless PACT units. My aircraft finished what was left. It might as well have been the Highway of Death on that map. What an invigorating experience and a sweet victory.This game is now my favorite of all three Wargames. Great job to the devs. Who's with me?"
76561197973886306,Recommended,251060,11963029,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,TK,good mthr fkn rts rite here i tell ya 10v10 btchs wut else u need blad?
,Not Recommended,251060,17905972,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,nightshrill,"My time with this game was brief, and that's because the ""tutorial"" is something you can read in about 10 minutes that explains next to nothing. The tutorial was 100% useless for when I went into skirmish mode - I'm an adult who works full time and I do not have the time to sit down and spend hours with a steep learning curve where nothing is explained. By contrast I play/understand games such as Europa Universalis IV, and Crusader Kings II - and those games are known for ""bad tutorials"" and ""steep learning curves"", so if I can take time to learn those just imagine how bad Wargame is."
,Not Recommended,251060,22547771,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Edie,"The game is a slight improvment over airland. But its still broken and still terrible. The naval warfare is a joke, the only way to win is spam, spam as many rocket ships as possible. The rockets are just as much of a joke, hidden behind a mountain? Thats ok the rocket will still lock on and somewho jump over and then directly down onto your ship.The land battles are a bit better than airland, they have fixed things that should ahve been patched for the previous game.The campains are much better than in airland as you aren't fighting over the same province over and over and over, instead all the units in theat provicer are in one big fight, which works much better. But a lot of campains involve navalbattles which just ruin everything.Don't bother with this game if you want the naval side, the ground combat is ok. If you enjoyed airland you might like this a little better but stay as far away from the naval battles as possible. And as they are tied into so much that really ruins the game."
,Recommended,251060,9613062,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,[21Tac] Hornet,"I would reccomend this game to anyone interested in a beautiful RTS or anyone looking for a fun, historical, multiplayer. WARNING- Multi-Player is NOT for the faint of heart, people are good and noobs get slaughtered. However, It is a welcoming community and a very fun game! I would also reccomend Wargame: AirLand Battle! It is Europe focused and less hectic but still awesome!Buy this Game![/b]"
76561198036759692,Recommended,251060,23132064,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Billy Bob Joe,Fighting on port mapmakes a sqaud of 30 navy seals doesent think much of emsends them into the giant city on the port maprealizes i can telport them from cover to coverkills 264-294(not sure how much) ppl with a sqaud of 30 men only losing 15 men11/10 would teleport navy seals throughout a city wreaking havoc w/ nade launchers
76561198137867038,Recommended,251060,23098015,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,TH'   Rute,"Yeah, this game is pretty boss.  Nuff said."
76561198064872447,Recommended,251060,25553014,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Frodo SagBag,"Blufor players are absolute p u s s i e s and will quit at the first sign of trouble, leaving you their half-dead armies for a complete loss.Otherwise, pretty good.But really, the game has such massive attention to detail and vast depth that it feels extremely cheap when the experience gets hobbled by fatalistic players. If you're a fan of Cold War military hardware or Tom Clany novels (Red Storm Rising) you'll definitely have fun customizing decks of units with hundreds to choose from, adapting them to your own play-style.Learning Curve = BRUTALYou have been warned."
,Recommended,251060,17998103,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Putin22,i bought this game in sale(9$) and i only play 2 hour of this gamethis gam is great+have so many country+best grafgics+etc
,Recommended,251060,9596781,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,skif_,all rts fans must have this game !!!
76561198011347427,Recommended,251060,13061902,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SuddenSparkz,"one of the most hardcore and realistic RTS i ever played, and i play a lot of them..."
76561198008828298,Recommended,251060,10193104,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Murdoc,♥♥♥♥♥ magical yo
76561198054846754,Not Recommended,251060,11973355,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,falcata,"Extremely poor user interface.  Diffuclt to learn.  Tutorial is basically a readme file with pictures.  I was expecting something with graphics.  Maybe there is, but after an hour of running through the menus and playing the campaign I could not get to anything that looked like the nice trailer video.  I'd like to know how to get a refund.  Fortunately I got 60% off.  What a waste.1 - 10 ....  -10"
,Recommended,251060,10209447,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Yung$taff,"Probably one of the best RTS games ive ever played, beautifuly made and a wonderful communityForget C&C, this is the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,251060,9915960,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Sabbat,A source of frustration all around.
,Recommended,251060,10247116,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Code.Electro,"This is the hardest stradgey game I ever played. When I started playing Wargame: Europe Escalation I thought it was okay hard. I unlocked almost all units and figure out a deck that can handle basically all situations. But Red Dragon is so hard for me, somewhat because I have no idea which unit is strong which is not since in this game not because it costs more points means it is stronger or more combat effective. No unit can go out alone without any AA or something and survive. Also the Air Combat system is still quite new to me but it is good. And naval battles are awesome.Overall this is a great RTS way better than Starcraft or Civilization because in reality you don't build structures on battlefield and you don't train units there you call in reinforcement when needed."
76561198035227056,Recommended,251060,10242499,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,=ER= JtK4166,Absolutley Epic in both scale and detail. A true 9.5 out of 10
76561198095330918,Recommended,251060,22469423,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Samarneil,"POSITIVE REVIEW FOR SINGLEPLAYER ONLY!!!!!!! 10/10If you want this game to play five really good campaigns against AI, then why the hell are you reading this and why haven't you started downloading it yet?The campaigns are great, challenging for a first time player and sometimes, it pisses you off to no end. There is easy 100 hours of game time on the campaigns alone.Otherwise, skirmish is fun. You can have massive tank battles or human wave battles if you wanted.NEGATIVE FOR ONLINE!!! 5/10If you want it to play online against other people, 50/50 chance you'll regret buying the game at full price.Online community is small but that’s not the issue.From experience, PACT forces massively outguns NATO.How you ask?Bigger, better, more cost effective artilleryBetter, more cost effective AA to the point where they can shoot down your SEAD aircraft before you can even get in range (and they get 5 of those bad boys in the deck)Better planes (to the point where it is almost impossible to bring them down, even by spamming jets)Tanks and anti-tank units that are way too overpowered when it comes to their pricing (Seriously, when pricing is compared to a Challenger 1 MBT, I’d take the PACT tank because I'll kill it with a missile from my tank before it gets in range -.-)Their only downside is the lack of infantry.But why the hell would you want infantry to storm the town when you can have a plane dump napalm on it or do a massive artillery spam and then send in tanks to kill severely damaged and panicked troops?Even then, just take SPETSNAZ and throw them into the town, they'll take down 2 times their points in either infantry or vehicles BEFORE THEY START TO TAKE DAMAGE!!!Furthermore, at least once every four games if you are playing as NATO, you'll go up against a person who loves spamming stuff. And not cheap bad stuff that you can bring down with one or two missiles either.And at least 1/10 games there will be a artillery spammer.Although you can have fun with NATO decks in online games, you will only get victory by being a a**hole and taking out their command forcing the game to end early.Online is fun though, that is if you like being PACT and can actually find someone willing to be NATO.10/10 single player5/10 multiplayer"
76561198047135583,Recommended,251060,10884798,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Abu Hajaar,Why do you not own this game? Praise GabeN.
,Not Recommended,251060,14524004,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,AbiusX,"The game has a very steep learning curve.The tutorials are just a collection of book pages you have to read and memorize, nothing in game, or practical! I spent some time inside the game, and I have a lot of experience playing weird games, but could not figure out what to do. UI is very weird, and you need to literally read a book and memorize it to play. I hope its fun after that (I might try it later)."
76561198038878190,Recommended,251060,9720773,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,OverAchiever (S.P.Q.R.),"I have followed this series since the first one and it has steadily matured without loosing itself in the growth, the addition of Aus (Being both Australian and additional factors) is both a welcome and long awaited changefurther the commonwealth red and blue dragons etc. are also good additions giving flexability to the way you can play from the old versions.if you ever wanted to have a taste at what it would be like to actually command forces in a realistic environment this is the closest thing i have seen yet to the real deal, at least short of joining the army and spending the 20 years on your career to reach brigadier +"
76561198036476622,Recommended,251060,9780972,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,MacArthur2016,10/10 Cold War Simulator.0/10 for accessability to newcomers.
76561198081199966,Recommended,251060,9831648,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Nathoon,Proberly the best game i ever have played ever!!!! .
,Recommended,251060,9844605,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,50 Pence,I'd pay $60 for it!
76561198006440937,Recommended,251060,9597103,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Chestus,w i p
,Recommended,251060,9836143,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Isaac,Pew pew pew BRRRRRRRRT!!!! pew pew BRRRRRRRT booom boom BRRRRRRRRT!! pew
76561198064876074,Recommended,251060,9844400,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,RoaRshh,By far one of the best games i HAVE EVER PLAYED! Its a must buy game hands down. Dont question anything. Just pull that wallet out and throw money out for this game!! :D
76561198022318789,Recommended,251060,9694051,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Hellblazer,"OMG this game is amazing.The big thing that it really runs smooth in my computer that is really in new condition(I5 650 AND hd 5770).This game is pretty fun right now,But the big flaw is there is no 10vs10 servers but I hope it will come soon!"
76561198235787028,Recommended,251060,22862841,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,vision0714,The end of militrary geek's game!
,Recommended,251060,9886043,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Nasa,"not a big step up from airland battle but more factions, more units and ships so whats not too like also its still the best RTS serise going so yeah"
,Recommended,251060,31994482,Posted: 27 May,all,JensStl,First off: I would recommend you to buy this game when it's on steam sale. you get all three games for only 15€ instead of only red Dragon for 40€.The game is very deep and you don't need a high level or progress to play the way you want. Just create a deck and jump into the battlefield and control your units in real time!
76561198148937803,Recommended,251060,24829092,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,TF12,Great Game.Just a Great Game.
,Recommended,251060,27653181,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Trsnaqe,it's really cool
,Recommended,251060,32209994,Posted: 5 June,all,One Rice Wonder,"Best RTS, step aside Total War!"
76561197964619750,Recommended,251060,9602372,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,beltsman,"What are you waiting for, GET THIS GAME!So much fun.  So many different styles to play.  Wanna focus on air and dogfighting?  Go for it.  Wanna grind it out with infantry in urban fighting?  Sure!  Wanna blitzkrieg with armored columns?  You bet.  Wanna focus on naval battles and amphibious landings?  Can do that too!And deck making is half the fun, just playing around with different decks.Might seem like a steep learning curve but you pick it up really quickly.Also, naval combat was fixed after the beta and is a ton of fun now.  Definitely a huge upgrade after ALB, plus all the FREE DLCs they are coming out with.Seriously, how can you go wrong?"
,Recommended,251060,11039165,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Charlie_Foxtrot,If you like getting you're♥♥♥♥♥whooped by the AI everytime you build a good deck and let the AI use it.OrIf you like getting kicked out of an online game becasue your PC ''isn't good enough''You should buy this.10/10
,Recommended,251060,13089384,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Lusty Woodsman,"Grab your iced wiskey and lean back in your armchair, general.This is gonna be good."
76561198139098612,Recommended,251060,13458365,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Borat_Sagdiyev,10\10
76561198123600256,Recommended,251060,12503328,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,powers,"what do i do if it wont wont load up after it says ""prerying game"". i already tried doing what it says in the support forms and all."
76561197997423371,Recommended,251060,17415852,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,TEFLON DON 永遠のトランプ,"One of the best strategy games I've played, huge selection of units/factions. Strategy/tactics are SUPER IMPORTANT in this game, making bad calls can seriously handicap you and the team you're playing with.Positives-High focus on strategy/tactics.-Focus on realism (sort of)-HUGE amount of factions to play as, each have strengths/weaknessesNot really positives, but not really negatives-Large selection of units, this can lead to confusion amongst players (looking at you USSR tanks!)-Naval units, I'm not a huge fan of them mainly because there aren't any sea only maps.Negatives-Very steep learning curve, this is not a game you'll learn instantly. Even after playing Wargame Airland Battle and this, I still do not know everything about this game.-Random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in this game, like a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥AA unit blowing up my 180pt air superiorty fighter!!If you like strategy games, this is a game you should own."
76561198091034025,Recommended,251060,9644216,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,RoyalMentalman,Best strategy game i have ever played and is brilliant game to play with all the different units and countries. Defenality reccomed it
76561198002998744,Recommended,251060,9655559,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Blackadder,Builds well on previous two titles. I really enjoy this kind of realistic RTS format. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,251060,9671562,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,[2.FJg] OISYA -Sldt,"Pretty good so far in the beta.  Personally, I would prefer an option to have reinforcements join a group straight from production and a sort of formation editor for specific units(instead of clicking and them moving from point A to B, clicking them and have options pre-made by player)."
76561198009950877,Recommended,251060,9690868,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Shallowfoot,"Build your own War deck and choose your role in this RTS style masterpiece.Coop AI, MultiplayerCustomized roles, build your own army in the form of a 60 card deckPreset Game lengths. 10min 15min 20min.............60min unlimited play as long as you likeModern to historic units..This is War as an RTS should be...."
76561197971496938,Recommended,251060,9707847,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,crutz_snr,"This new offering from the Wargame stable is much improved on the previous games. Although only in beta for now, and subject to a few bugs and crashes, it shows great potential for the release proper later this month. Field multiple 'own' decks with a vast range of equpment old and new. Hope the Navy element is as much fun, great value for the money, skirmish, multiplayer and campaign. What more could you ask for? Well done"
76561197994618199,Recommended,251060,9682296,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,daliborplecas,"This game is absolutely amazing. It made huge improvements from EE and it only gets better. The only people that give this game a bad rating are the ones who think it's unfair when they for example tank rush thinking this is company of heroes and then they get slowed down with artillery barrage and wiped out by carefully timed air strikes.. You have to THINK a little bit and support your attack with many different types of units. So that's what I constantly read in the complaints. But that's typical of noobs. The only complaint I have is that the game needs some sort of award system in the form of unlockable content. There is a GREAT deal of units in this game that are all open to you, but leaves nothing to you to fight for and gain with your victories except some stats in the form of numbers.. Need a little bit of motivation for all of the great battles people have online. If that was in there I would give this game a 10/10 and shoot anyone who gives it lower.Buy the game it is amazing. Nothing else out there like this and I play all types of games"
76561197970613571,Recommended,251060,9684447,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,FoXxman,"air/ground forces very well madeunit handling well donereason for ""unit view"" questionable (reduces overview of the battlefield)landscapes well done, subtropic feeling well implementedgraphics maintain high standard of predecessors but apdatedget it!"
76561197983277963,Recommended,251060,9643838,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Mom say's im special,"If u like RTS and u still dont have it, buy it immediately!10\10"
76561198024966542,Recommended,251060,9669055,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Andy46,excellent format....difficult yet addictive.
76561198130138044,Recommended,251060,9698277,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,bonjourq,"nice game so far , waiting for good final release soon"
76561198047548197,Recommended,251060,9656754,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Mid Lane Prodigy,9/10 for rts
,Recommended,251060,13826917,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,rubik,"Awesome, awesome game.This game really surprised me. The real appeal of it is in the multiplayer. The game the closest to it would be World in Conflict, but still It's very different from what I have ever played before. A bonus to it is that the cold war era setting is kind of rare in video games. It has some downsides but they are all forgivable."
76561198006539456,Recommended,251060,23084328,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,grzesiek.paluch,good game but too many rage quiters and no mechanics to get rid of them.
,Recommended,251060,23665324,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,lisiec,Are you to old for ADHD RTS like Starcraft? Do you love military and cold war era? Do you want deep gameplay? This game is perfect for you!
,Recommended,251060,23678605,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Hustle Cam,Good game right here
,Recommended,251060,28133551,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,lupine_rexxor,"1. oh, a battle sim. Gonna be awesome.2. ok, just gonna try a small skirmish, small map, 10 minutes, how hard can it be?3. Proceed to GET♥♥♥♥♥KICKED!4. Repeat 2 until honor is regained.5. Walk tall (probably never)."
,Recommended,251060,9672042,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,wwwwホホホホホハハハハハハハハ,"中国将越来越大If you're a fan of previous Wargame installations, Red Dragon is a must have. However, if you have no prior experience in the Wargame series but still insist on getting the game; be warned, the online learning curve is very steep.Wargame is a unique kind of Real-time Strategy game, differing from well-known RTS games like C&C or StarCraft in many aspects. Typical base building -- or rather, base building at all -- is absent, as are typical economic systems (i.e money, different resources and all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t). The latter of which is replaced by a single, universal ""resource"", to which you use to bring units in from off screen.Wargame also incorporates more realistic mechanics into the game. Units will react to situations more realistically, for example, a tank company being bombarded by artillery or caught in a napalm strike will freak the ♥♥♥♥ out and try to escape from combat, disregarding orders in the process. Most units also have limited fuel and ammo, which will need to be resupplied to them. And projectiles act like projectiles would in real life, having chances to hit or miss a target, with factors like an obstructed line of sight coming into play.Now, as much as I love this game, I find that the naval combat -- one of the selling points of the game -- is unredeemably bland. As beautiful as it looks, there's almost no depth to it at all; it's a simple matter of ""huck enough missiles at the bad guys to kill them"". Unlike the aircraft mechanic which plays a pivotal role in the game, the naval combat's role is minor at best, but more commonly is downright trivial.Overall I give Wargame: Red Dragon a 8.5/10, Eugen definitely has not disappointed with the beautifully detailed battles that we've come to love from the Wargame series, but the not-so-subtle lack of depth from the naval combat is hard to overlook.Wargame: Red Dragon is amasochist'sCold War enthusiast's dream. A tough as hell RTS experience that somehow has you coming back for more. However, if you do plan on buying it, buy it for the multiplayer, singleplayer isn't even half the experience of the game.(P.S, this isn't a ""meh C&C"", think before you speak.)"
76561198164211570,Recommended,251060,15006541,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,KimDankUn,This is the best of the 3 from what I know and heard ;-} but there are too many newbies on there and its hard to find good games... nice job on the campain eugen.... but I would like to see a mods button and make getting mods easier... good game overall
76561197965172050,Recommended,251060,25431480,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ty,Buy this you normies! RRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,251060,25676873,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Portal Pony,Good Campain
,Recommended,251060,25860215,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SK Mummy,"I shot a man in Reno, and a bunch more in Mai Lai. Then a Korean tank rolled around a corner and all of my soldiers had fewer limbs.9.75/10.132, would never look at warchat again."
76561198005725520,Recommended,251060,25809787,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,WidowMakerIL,The game is pretty balanced although in my opnioin it should be a bit more accurate and closer to realisem.Gameplay is cool - the community is improving as well!
,Recommended,251060,25860829,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,punkdanny182,This game is fantastic.  I mostly play singleplayer because I just don't have time for multiplayer and I love it.  I wish they would continue to release campaigns and maybe even make a worldwide campaign.  This is one of the best RTS games I've ever played.
,Recommended,251060,30019156,Posted: 18 February,all,Generic Phallic Object,Friends rage quit. 10/10
76561198253846554,Recommended,251060,28265094,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,acur1231,"Wargame is an RTS series about a cold war going hot. With about 2000 units, it can be hard to learn how to play, yet is very interesting to use these units to their strengths. Also, the game developers frequently patch the game for free, as well as add nations as DLCs every now and then. Finally, in multiplayer, there are games with 10 players against 10 players, as well as smaller games. Just a tip, if you are a new player, you should probably play the Soviet Union, or USSR, as it is much easier the learn how to play with, with a unit for every job.And always remember to bring AA, helicopters and tanks are extremely common and very dangerous."
76561197961166109,Not Recommended,251060,9840387,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,n8d0g,"Edited after 200 Hrs.Edited after 400 Hrs.Edited after 500 Hrs + 2 new DLCs.On my third review, this is still mostly a negative experience. Which is a shame because this game has so much potential to be a GREAT game, rather than a mediocore experience.Let me keep it simple:-Small attempts have been made to balancing, but frankly it needs a complete overhaul, especially with Infantry and Prototype units (more so with DLC nations)-Power difference between Nations and Coalitions is shockingly poor.-Navy is officially dead.-Terrible gaming community full of pros and new players, leading to extremely one sided games.(great game tho to play if you have a group of friends to play locally).-Pointless Cat C and B decks/theme. Dont expect a Cold War game, this is now effecetive a fictional game of Cold War going into the mid 2000s.-Poor single player experience.If they fix these issues, this could be one of the best strategy games in my two decades of gaming. It could be up there in e-gaming with Starcraft, Company of Heroes.For a single player experience, I highly recommend World in Conflict which has a fantastic campaign. The multiplayer is good too, but I think given its age, its probably a empty scene."
76561198006782018,Recommended,251060,9856296,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Tyrannical Tyler,Get it you moba playing♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197965486368,Recommended,251060,10029825,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Beef Whiskers,"Well made RTS with minor balance issues. Lots of fun to play with friends. Quite a nice upgrade from AirLand Battle, with the addition of the Naval aspect and a few other things it sure does make the game more interesting."
,Recommended,251060,24326039,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Kagi,WARNING: Avoid Warchat like a cancer.
76561198092843467,Recommended,251060,11147021,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Lucas Lobos,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing game holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ get this shieet now,god damnit"
76561198018946552,Recommended,251060,11158545,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ArchBuck,"Great game with some realistic elements.  Wish there was a better tutorial for the 'campaign' screen to help give you a better idea how to play, but the overall gameplay is fantastic!"
,Recommended,251060,11361972,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,MoscowAirForce,"Game is reate, but very unbalanced. NATO units are more chepaer and powerfull."
,Recommended,251060,11171400,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Rickle Pick,Awesome
,Recommended,251060,10507394,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,zotek,Bedste danske militær-overlegnhedssimulator. 10/10 would hjæmmeværn spam again.
76561198077988160,Recommended,251060,26211978,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,k123,"So real combat game with many units (exists in real world) and details. Once you get used to its system (which shouldn't take long), you will know why I keep playing this game this long. And it's very cheap compared to its performance.My first comment goes to this game, since I would like to thank the game builder for such an excellent work on the game."
76561198113243135,Recommended,251060,13618361,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,HazeBox,I swear I had a life at one point69/69
76561197990728132,Recommended,251060,9858757,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Admiral Poojawa,"Overall, okay.Needs patching for desync issues, unit balance, and Naval battle balance."
76561198105897399,Recommended,251060,9953873,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,pj_mcleod,"Fantasic game, takes a while to get to grips with all the units and gameplay. However once mastered you will be highly addicted! Brilliant graphics, brilliant gameplay."
76561198025943387,Recommended,251060,16810194,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,NihilismandNooseKnots,"best war game i have played, tho more dlc is very needed"
76561198084424729,Recommended,251060,26577567,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Alastir Crowe,i got very little hours compared to some but my time in the game is been well worth it.
76561197994799772,Recommended,251060,24123349,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Crimson King,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198026184618,Recommended,251060,19496328,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Uncle Timo,"A fantastic, deep game.  Very challenging, an RTS that is less about spam clicking mouse and counting mouse clicks per second, but actually rewards pre-planning and positioning.Imagine this - an RTS that is based in actual weapons' performance, with actual tactics being useful, that is not all about fast mouse clicking.This is an amazing game.HIGHLY recommended, especially to those who think that Starcraft 2 is a gigantic step backwards, for both gaming in general and RTS.It is too bad ambitious games that reward fast thinking instead of fast clicking are lost in the shuffle.But this game.This is a top 10 game of all time.  A timeless classic.PSAlso buy it for the chat."
,Recommended,251060,12934110,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,screaminediot,"The AI cheats but... just feel better when you can make an AI deck that doesnt have invisible tanks, or Artillery that knows exactly where your highest stealth unit is hiding in a random bush somewhere"
76561198028099491,Recommended,251060,9898760,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Turchine,"Ok, I've been playing my Red Dragon... At first there was no problems, now every map, with water, doesn't work anymore! WTHI still recommend the game! Is good :-)"
76561198007416890,Recommended,251060,9930626,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,YOUREPRETTYGUD,Come on over to my MANPAD. I'll show you my WILD WEASEL. I'll spread my SEAD and you'll get SACLOS. In the morning I'll treat you to my home made SPAAG. It will be GUID fun. RAD even. So come on out STAT and get some HEAT in you.
,Recommended,251060,9901238,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Core,"Very great game, uniqe RTS and with a wonderfull campain, but it sorely lacks in several aspects. Theres the desynq flaw when playing aginst AI! FIX THAT! it's been there since airland!"
76561198005694055,Recommended,251060,9899683,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,ravencall7471,Great game ! Worth every penny.
76561198124634152,Recommended,251060,20303210,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Migz,Great RTS game and even better with friends
76561198062108736,Recommended,251060,19373466,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Scrappy57,it is what I call fun.
76561198031866950,Recommended,251060,31128079,Posted: 13 April,all,(4eD) Krutan,yes
76561198143787777,Recommended,251060,28171915,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ahmed373,good game
76561198071329574,Recommended,251060,28514657,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Amplify,A Great Strategy Game
76561198081754614,Recommended,251060,11707973,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,TheQuadfather,"Wargame: Red Dragon is like the ArmA of the RTS universe. It's straight-up unparalleled. The in-game models, the gameplay mechanics, the necessity of combined-arms warfare, as well as the introduction of naval combat... Absolutely stunning. If you're into Real Time Strategy games, this can't be missed. It breaks out of the well-ridden World War II-era and brings RTS into the late 20th Century in mind-blowing fashion. The only downside I can really say is the lack of mod-ability, which leads into the four separate campaigns (based on partly fictional flashpoints in the late 20th Century) being kind of monotonous after being beaten two or three times (although the ever-changing, dynamic strategic map idea should be continued). If you like the idea of this, check out the previous two games in the series (also based around Cold War flashpoints), Wargame: European Escalation and Wargame: AirLand Battle."
76561198164215720,Not Recommended,251060,20185753,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zels,"Amazing look and feel, and replaying conflicts from modern history at this strategic level is exciting. Unfortunately, the AI is a big let down if you're flying solo, offline.AI armies mass and rush in every battle. Still fun, but only initially."
,Recommended,251060,11008377,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dealman,"I think a friend of mine managed to summarize this game in a pretty clever way;This game is the ArmA of RTS games.And I wholeheartedly agree with the statement.IntroductionThis game is a very realistic RTS game based in a modern era(Though, it does have a few selections of WW2 assets, they don't do too well against modern assets. Who'd figure?).You'll be able to select between 2 factions; BLUFOR and REDFOR - but can also select a coalition within either faction. For example, you could play as the Commonwealth, NATO or even Scandinavia(Really appreciate the addition of Scandi!).One of the biggest aspects of this game is not only the sheer amount of units available at your disposal, but rather they way that you use them. Similar to card games, you'll need to build a deck.This Deck will consist of9categories;• Logistics(Supply and Command Vehicles)• Infantry• Support(Anti-Aircraft, Artillery and Mortars)• Tanks• Recon• Vehicles(Mostly consist of Jeeps, Light Armour - pretty much whatever isn't a MBT. Lots of TOW and ATGM)• Helo• Plane• NavalSo as you can see, you have a fair share of categories to build a deck out of. Of course you don'tneedto use all categories - but it is highly recommended. Because if you for example make a deck without anti-aircraft to support you, you'll be having a very, very bad time.When you create a deck, you'll also have the option to select bonuses. Basically what this does is limit the amount of cards you have, but in return for faster veterancy gain and availability.I won't go into detail on how this work, there's a very nicely written 200-page guide which cover each and every of your needs - while also having a little but of humour in it.First ImpressionsBeing a big fan of slow paced RTS games such as Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander and Command & Conquer, I wasn't quite sure what I was getting myself into. Honestly, I just bought the game cause it looked interesting and had some nice tanks I'm very fond of.My first impression of the game was something like; ""Wtf, no base building? LAME!"". This was one of my biggest complaints, but only since it was what I was used to. I then realized this isn't just like every other RTS game out there, this one is REALLY unique.I had a really hard time getting into the game, until now. Because of the other RTS games I had played, you grow this kind of habit to just spam the most powerful unit at your disposal and just overtake your enemy with brute force. You see, this does not work in this game - not at all.Every unit has something that counters that unit. The key of learning this game is something called Combined Arms. If you do not get used to Combined Arms, you will die. Horribly. Even by the Easy AI.That brings me to another topic; the AI.The AII usually find the AI to be a big disappointment in RTS games, especially since I'm not too fond of PvP in RTS games since mostly there's a select few tactics which are always the best way to go, and if you don't do either - you'll lose.I haven't really done any PvP in this game yet, since I'm still learning the basics against the AI. And I'll give credit where credit is due - the AI in this game isn't that bad.Especially for a game of such a scale, I find the AI to be rather competent. It's not the usual cheating AI you see in other RTS games where they get bonus income because they're an AI, they're not affected by fog of war because they're AI and so on. As far as I know, the AI doesn't have any handicaps(Correct me if I'm wrong!)[/i].Final VerdictAt first I'd probably rate this game a mere 4/10, simply because I couldn't get used to the fact it's extremely difficult to get into. But now that I've started to learn the basics, this game really does a great job at introducing a new kind of genre of RTS games - maybe I've missed some, but this is the only RTS game I've played which such a focus on realism.The interface is alright, there are some things that could be better. But the main menus for all W:ALB and W:RD look great and feel pretty immersive.You have a absolutely ridiculous amount of units available, you can fulfill whatever role you have ever wanted - either to great success or great failure - nonetheless, it's great fun to explore new things and build decks from scratch.I would highly recommend this game, but I'd also like to warn you;This game is extremely difficult to first get into. I would highly suggest you read the 200-page guide available BEFORE you play this game. Or else you'll with most likeliness end up not liking it, simply because you were a fool not to prepare.If I were to rate it, I'd give it a 9 out of 10. Losing 1 point because it does a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job at introducing new players.The BadOf course, as with every game it does have its flaws here and there. Some of whichin my opinionare;• TOW and ATGM can feel a bit overwhelming. Both when used against your enemy and used by your enemy.• The game does a poor job at showing how to bed use infantry. Garrisoned infantry is wunderbar!• Scandinavian troops are pretty outdated, hopefully they'll be updated with some DLC in the future!• Some sound effects are really bad, most notably the infantry's firearms sound absolutely dreadful. Where as vehicles can sound very satisfying.• The maps feel really repetitive, just different landscape but usually the same amount of spread sectors. Maps with bridges can be great fun, though! Bottlenecks ftw!The SuggestionsReally all I'd want for this game is Scandinavian troops to be updated, since there's plenty of 1990+ units in some nations. Sweden has plenty of modern equipment from 1990 and above.Other than that, some things I'd like to see;• A more unique variety of maps, some with a tight spread of sectors, some very open ones.• Some maps with a GREAT focus on urban warfare, where infantry and IFVs wouldreallyshine. With this I mean perhaps a most mostly consiting of a city, with some forested outskirts.• More satisfying sound effects for infantry! Sounds like paintball for crying out loud..."
,Recommended,251060,21786164,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Viceroy,"The best Wargame to date, immersive, loud, tactical, strategic. It has everything you crave if you are into fast-paced large-scale strategy games."
76561198095266913,Recommended,251060,16393699,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jerome Mcgiee,"Omgz so good, like company of heroz but modern. Also graphics are gut. also margret thatcher 10/10"
76561198138821295,Recommended,251060,32457084,Posted: 15 June,all,Mr.Andries,Once you play it you can never creating decks and knowledge that they have :shenyangj8:
,Not Recommended,251060,20056997,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Joachim Murat,"Truely a WargameWargame: Red Dragon is a military enthusiast's dream. It places you in command of both Western and Eastern fighting forces in a series of hypothethical conflicts set in the 1990's with it's singleplayer campaign. With Red Dragon's multiplayer, you can also face off against other players in large scale, strategic battles with all sorts of military equipment. Artillery strikes will pound forests and towns into dusts as infantry companies are slaughtered in buildings. Tanks will crest hills only to be annihilated by airstrikes. Your army will be destroyed again, and again, and again in every circumstance.My biggest warning, and the ultimate reason why I do not recommend this game, is the mountain of a learning curve that it suffers from. The ingame tutorial is outright pointless, and user created guides for this game for newcomers are literally 200 pages long. You would face less difficulty in being a Soviet officer during the invasion of Finland than playing this game.My first experience in the beginner campaign was that of utter confusion. I have played one of Eugen Systems' earlier games, RUSE, which is very similar in style and presentation to this game, but I was still bumbling in the forest. You will see your units be destroyed again and again as you fumble with the UI and are subject to a hundred different game mechanics at once. Combined arms are the way to succeed in this game, but good luck figuring out how to even command your forces effectively, as you must study pages of statistics in order to decipher the barebones and lacking user interface.In this game, you must account for individual platoons taking towns while also making sure they are resupplied and well fed - but don't forget that you must also cover them with smoke at all times or else they will be vulnerable to enemy tank divisions. Hide your men in the forest - but wait, the enemy recon car spotted you! Now the forest is in flames as artillery barrages incinerate it. Quick, scramble your attack helicopters and jets to strike the enemy guns, but wait - the enemy has waves of anti aircraft weapons that will destroy your aircraft! It is a punishing experience in which you must act as the officer of every single element of an army. Even when in complete comprehension of the game mechanics, it is still a punishing and often frustrating experience nonetheless.I would only recommend this game to those who have played earlier installations of the Wargame franchise, or have the fortitude to withstand endless documentation and guidance on this game to learn it. For some, they will experience the enjoyment of a noble when playing this game - but for the rest of us, we will only toil as peasants to understand it."
76561198125959475,Recommended,251060,33375698,Posted: 8 July,all,Malexander,Perfect game 10/10It is so realistic and looks beautiful. Best game for who loves strategy games. Game is very hard but all the funny. Perfect when you have friends.
76561198327813779,Recommended,251060,28279286,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,yuda.bizz,game is good awesome graphic.
76561198132622753,Recommended,251060,24705660,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Parham 13,Do you know what will Help you win a battle in this game?.......Your Brain!
76561197967562806,Recommended,251060,9903573,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,McLovin,"I haven't had this much fun since Total Annihilation and Close Combat - in fact it's almost like those two titles come together in the most modern version. The multiplayer is what this game is all about - and the fun factor is huge. This game also is much more strategic than most rts games - micromanagement is still there, but it is not crucial to the overall success. Choosing your deck and playing it well is much more important, as is cooperation with teammates.Navy will need some work, but it's looking very promising."
76561197972221116,Not Recommended,251060,17971177,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Tungsten,"Buy Airland Battle.Red Dragon doesnt add much new features and still has te ""campaign"" which actually are a bunch of skirmishes stringed togather."
,Recommended,251060,23335939,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,flarg,It\'s not really about dragons silly!
76561198086508679,Recommended,251060,9914402,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,HunterB5,The absolute best stratgey game anyone can but. 10/10
76561197979148020,Recommended,251060,9914664,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,nub_sauce,Epic.
,Recommended,251060,9918240,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Prometheus,"By far one of the best Wargame releases to date. Intense battles, massive maps and advance units is what waits inside."
,Recommended,251060,9937886,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Doodleplex,Brilliant Multiplayer with fast paced single player action.Great game for fans of the series and new players alike =D
76561198008399127,Recommended,251060,13568525,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ElGranNoob,A great game for strategy fans with a nice community.
,Recommended,251060,11960730,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ObiWanComeBlowme,"I've been playing around in the Wargame franchise sinc European Escalation, and Air-Land Battle, and Wargame Red Dragon adds a whole new aspect of battle with the concept of Navy. In a smaller Multiplayer setting such as 4v4 or 3v3, Navy becomes a key role in winning matches, but in a 10v10 it is almost entirely useless as both teams will always have someone that maxes out their navy because they think it's a ""good strategy"". But in all fairness, gameplay of this game in almost identical to that of the previous version of WarGame and it is on the rather advanced side of RTS games. So if you don't have patience to play a multiplayer match that can take two hours, I suggest you don't buy the game, but if you like constant combat, in a large scale, fast paced enviroment, and you have patience as well as a love for blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with your friends, This is the game for you. I would give this game a 8.5-9/10. It is fun, but can be frustrating. Hope this helps :D"
76561198120443231,Recommended,251060,13768690,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ghost22,best game ever the cons are there are no Dragons  only a big russian battleship
,Recommended,251060,13772277,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Richard von Richtofen,Fair warning is that the learning curve is the hardest to overcome I have ever experienced out of everygame I have ever played in my life. Once you grind a little of practice and get past the learning curve this game is fantastic. Not related to gameplay but the lobby chat is full of autistic 'know it alls' who argue about information that they definately don't understand.
,Recommended,251060,13816915,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nate-errant,"If, like me, you've always wondered if the F-15's perfect combat record is more of a product of its design or an indicator of the quality of the opposition it's been up against... if, like me, the thought of a horde of WW II era T-34 main battle tanks rushing a state-of-the-art Leopard 2A5 in a desperate attempt to land a lucky shot on its vulnerable rear armor makes you a little bit giddy... if, like me, a modern warfare RTS that models ammunition, fuel, and morale and supports up to 20 players in multiplayer each of which can specialize in roles from air support to infantry to artillery or any combination thereof sounds like the game you've waited your whole life to play:  buy this game.Just be aware that the community is small and always will be on account of the niche target audience of the game, and that for some reason the preferred gametype is a sitzkrieg-inducing extremely campy team deathmatch mode where artillery sniping usually carries the day.  Don't let that get to you though.  The fun in this game is seeing cool military hardware in action, it's not the best competitive RTS on the market.And let us not speak of the toxic chat community.  As that would be giving them exactly what they want."
76561198089307749,Recommended,251060,13822379,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,冬云名乃,Best RTS game EVER! I am a master level starcraft 2 player. I am a bit old right now so I quit sc2 and turn to this brain-oriented game (instead of APM driven). This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome! It even makes me have great interest in all things related to military lol.Good Side:-Fantastic graphics.-Use your BRAIN to crush enemy instead of Fingers-Hyper close approximation of the real worldBad Side:- The learning curve is steep (I finally figured out this game after reading 200 pages of tutorial written by a PRO player from stream community. Thanks! It helps a TON!)
,Not Recommended,251060,15880290,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,songlinvincentli,I can't change my language setting to English. Can anyone tell me why?
76561198088784056,Recommended,251060,16250442,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Яazё.Tнє Bap,If you love RTS's then this is a good game for you.
76561198067808299,Not Recommended,251060,17166235,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tenda,"Game is fun, but irritating as all hell as if i play it it will invariably freeze, then once i force close it, steam still thinks it to be running and prevents me from doing anything until i ""close wargame red dragon"" which, i had already force closed and is no longer running, again very fun to play, but not worth a hard restart every time i try to play it."
76561198020170018,Recommended,251060,10491866,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Sszpyrka10,Highly recommended for anyone who is interested in intricate RTS games and military technology! Very good game for anyone that likes Strat games..... Warming this game is highly addicting and can cause you from not leaving the computer and ignoring everything else. You will find yourself reading and watching videos trying to own the greatest DECK for each country. I highly encourage everyone to get a mic for teamwork in MPLAYER is very important for comms!!
,Recommended,251060,13957819,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dr.Rimpac,I'm paying games for 20 years. If you want a game that delivers real strategy combat and the most realistic visual effects. Thats your game. The best of the best.10/10
,Not Recommended,251060,18135271,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sea Hitler,My 1 hour Experience:Finished the downloadOpens the gameLooks for tutorialFinds no tutorialJumps into game with an easy AIFailsUninstalls9/11 would go in dry again
76561198132041005,Recommended,251060,20110407,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TheObviousSpecto,Awesome
76561198007431034,Not Recommended,251060,11974176,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,OMFGitsST6,"Honestly, the DLC of September 2nd makes this game officially unplayable. Unless it is fixed, this game cannot be recommended. One half of the game is completely unplayable.In short, I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,251060,11089873,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Mikesterg16,Game has been released with a game breaking glitch!When playing against AI on multiplayer with a friend you cannot see your friend move their units. This is a well known bug.A real shame for a game with such potential.
76561198027264925,Not Recommended,251060,11980479,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mrmonsterpants,"The original was the best, this 20 minute time limit thing is annoying, i like to take my time with campaining battles shouldnt be 20 minutes was hoping for grander scale etc but they are continuing down this road, bummer, wanted more options.really disapointed wont buy another, but buy on 75% off only if you are looking at it."
,Not Recommended,251060,11100265,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Soop,"The first 2 versions of this game were some of the most fun I have had in RTS. This however, is absolutely terrible. The units they have added such as the overpowered artillery and boring as anything ships make the game slower than it has ever been before and more annoying than ever. The maps are also terrible, losing the pinch points of old for a go all over crap fest. Don't bother buying, get Airland Battle, it is a million times better than this rubbish."
76561198007982007,Not Recommended,251060,11854755,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Beirut_Papa,"Not much different from AirLand Battle but still fun when you get past the political rants from other players... The game was ment to be wrapped around Naval Units yet they are weak, expensive and don't really have a purpose... If you want to experience Wargame, you are safe with only playing AirLand Battle... If you want to dabble in the useless extra content like ships and anti ship unit's then go ahead and try this Expandalone... Kinda feel robbed when I got my hands on this game, wish there was a way to get my money back...."
,Not Recommended,251060,11975337,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Outcast,"Played some multiplayer before, often only with friends, tried the single player campaign. As always, step learning. Watched this game pretty much from day 1. Dident play Wargame: European Escalation at all, but i did play Wargame: Airland Battle and that was a great game. From what i understand alot of units from European Escalation was just ported into Wargame, so some units lacked detail.And here we are, with Red Dragon. Naval warfare galore it seems, but alas. No. I expected each country to have their own naval units, but instead each side shares their boats, so Blufor and opfor get their 15 or so boats, and every country can access all boats. That means that armies from like Scandinavia can use the Oliver Hazard Perry as their boat if they feel like it.There aren't alot of boats out there even, which sucks. For a game that boost about 1400 and something units it just feels... rushed. So it fails to deliver on that front. We do however get 4 new faction or so, and some alliance choices. You can now create decks of units from the commonwealth army or why not use scandinavian units et.c.Gameplay still feels like Airland Battle, nothing really new here. They told about terrain diffrences and that hills can block your line of sight and such, haven't really noticed anything diffrent from Airland Battle.And it might just be me but would'nt it be time to update the models abit. There are alot, and i mean alot of errors and problems in the models. Some examples are :Aircraft that are sunken abit into the ground when you create your decks (Landing gear clips through ground).Aircraft have payloads that are so large so they clip through the ground.Still uses models from European Escalation. Good examples are helicopters, some lack interiors all together. Some have interiors but no pilots, while newer helicopters have interiors and pilots.Many infantry units are portraited wrong ingame, sure you rarely play this game zoomed in but heres an example. The Swedish M90 uniform was formely introduced in the 1990, But was already in use since 1985. Wargame: Red Dragon is a game that spawns from 1970 to 1992 atleast. If we go after Eugen way of doing everything the easy way, why not butcher the U.S. Marine infantry model (They wear somewhat modern armor and BDU:s), arm them with the AK4 Rifle and just make a reskin so they use the M90 pattern? Easy as pie. (I know this might be slightly biased cause im from sweden, but as i see it, if i can find errors in a country representing my own, then others will do the same with their own countries)There are also some bugs here ande there, units that don't load in correctly, most units are just reskins of tanks from other nations et.c. Those skins are often portraited wrong, many of the nations camo dosen't even match (wasent there something called uniformity in the armed forces). I mean should'nt every nations unit look like they camed from the same place, instead of having some units colored in desert camo. Some in olive drab, some in digital camo et.c.These are mostly visual errors, the game has some bad problems with balancing. And suprise, suprise, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community from ALB has moved over to Red Dragon, new players will have an hard time getting help, bashing is to be expected and if thats not happening then theres always someone spamming the chat with flag emotes.And lastly, i find it hard to believe there are actully 1400+ diffrent units in the game. Most infantry can be ordered in diffrent transports. Are all those diffrent variations classed as a unit? I believe that's how they count. If someone actully counted all units (excluding their transport options) i'd bet there are alot fewer units to choose from.Can i recommend this game? No. Sorry, i really can't. It's nothing special, Airland Battle feelt like a more complete game all in all. At the time of writing this, the game was on -50% sale (19,99€). And i can't really tell if this is a reasonable price for this game... maybe, i guess? Get it if you feel like it for that price, or hope for an even better sale. Play it with friends, do not expect to much and well... maybe, just maybe you'll have a good time for a couple of games or two."
76561198031687674,Not Recommended,251060,11516184,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Bangin Mc Hangin,I'm a big fan of rts. and i got to say i didnt like it. i dont like how ammo is. air is over powered. and theirs not that much when it comes to sea battles.
76561198008031943,Not Recommended,251060,13949196,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Richard,"Awesome game with some most intensive micro and macro managment and even bit of realism. Single player is too simple once you learn how to handle rushing AI. Core of game lies in multiplayer, but unfortunately cheating is very common and not being adressed by devs."
,Recommended,251060,10109089,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Namzig,WarGame: Red Dragon Emphasizes and expands the continuing series of WarGame. Allowing the new edition of Naval Ships and amphibious assaults allows for some innovating new ways to trick your enemies :D
,Recommended,251060,10147830,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,TheGovnar,"An excellent game with 2 ways to play it. 1) go all out. Figure out the optimal deck, select the nations with the best overall chances of wining and master mind the game (Duh). 2) Just go in to appreciate the detail and thought placed into the way the game plays out. You probably wont win much but you will have a hell of a time just participating. Yes there are balance issues but isnt that true of the world we live in. I know most gamers dont appreciate that but a valid argument could be made that this just makes the game all the more immersive. I have been on the losing side of a steam role in which the enemy units far over powered my units. I approached it as if I were playing as a rag tag coalition of worn out and over worked units."
76561198004056149,Recommended,251060,31165281,Posted: 15 April,all,No Fear,RTS - only one I play.
76561198081339707,Recommended,251060,26922519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ra.Y,Pathfinding is broken but everything else is ok.
,Recommended,251060,15810297,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[Dolt] Nurizeko,"Sent a swarm of missile carrying helicopters, and missile carrying jets against a naval force, and sat back watching as the enemy fleet desperately threw up gattling rounds and flare countermeasures against the spam of missiles, smiling as one by one the big soviet ships blew up and sent a blastwave to ring against the hulls of it's allies.Then I fired the combined guns of my artillery to blunt an enemy push down a vulnerable gap in our lines. The enemy forces came to their senses just quick enough to see the napalm bombs from my jets drop on their heads and create havok amongst their lines.The survivors, still shaken from the bombardment were just about to continue their advance against my ally's thin perimeter only to hear an ominous distant boom-boom-boom, before beholding the arc of an incoming barrrage of missiles to blanket the area in explosions and fire.The enemy retreated, to regroup and rethink. Their answer would shortly come and I wouldn't be so lucky to come off so unscathed.10/10 would fight WW3 again."
76561198047956778,Recommended,251060,19547538,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,bluntsie,I would reccomend this to anyone who is a fan of RTS - - - not a fan of the multiplayer but the campaigns are very well put together and very challenging. This game plays very different from any other RTS like C&C however; be prepared to actually have to learn some real world battle tactics.If you like strategy and have not tried this game it is A MUST BUY trust me you wont be disappointed.10/10 ALL DAY
,Recommended,251060,9816377,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Disinterested,Boats are cool.
,Recommended,251060,9844140,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Tranarchist and Prude,"It's like chess, only more chess like, and less like an RTS.For Pawns you have♥♥♥♥♥troopers, and then for knights you have sea hawks."
76561198001934289,Recommended,251060,9856148,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,NEFLink,The best realistic RTS ever made!
,Recommended,251060,9858739,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,El Duderino,"pros:fun, cold war is neat, low on micro managament, more about tactics, naval combat is fun to look at and adds a nice element to multiplayer.cons:french bias, more hidden infantry than vietnam, tonks are pretty useless outside certain situations, french artillery is way 2 good, naval combat seems to boil down to who has more ships/planes, french bias.I'd definitely recommend the game, but I'd wait until a sale if you're on the fence about it."
76561198035289955,Recommended,251060,9861851,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Sound&Fury,"Eugen once again blows us away with the industry standard in RTS. Beautifull graphics, intense action, and highly strategic, balanced gameplay makes Red Dragon the best in the Wargame series yet."
76561198066672687,Recommended,251060,9862421,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Mr. Caputo,Overall a good and well-rounded strategy game.
76561198007506036,Recommended,251060,9864090,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Die Bundeswehr,love it!!
,Recommended,251060,9867947,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Captain Trout,"Great Game, Not easy though. Just wish they had achievments XD"
,Recommended,251060,9873162,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,SillyWilly,"This is an epic game, this is really an recommendation. Never played the Wargame franchise before and it's a game that's extremely hard to learn and get into because of the difficulty of the game. You have to check on all flanks, make sure your troops are supplied, see to it that no enemy units sneek behind you lines, order your arty to give them hell, try to sneek behind  their lines AND MUCH MUCH MORE YOU HAVE TO KEEP TRACK OF! This game is so much more fun playing againest your friends or some random person and playing with them. Really do buy this game, try and get into it because it does feel boring in the beginning like I said. It just gets more and more better."
,Recommended,251060,9881408,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Ragga,"An Excellent Addition to the Wargame Franchise!  This is a top notch RTS War Strategy Game with supurb Graphics, GamePlay, and Multiplayer!Get it... and Enjoy!"
,Recommended,251060,9882201,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,LordShade,"Possibly one of the hardest games in the RTS market to learn and master, definitely worth the cost and is immensely fun. Gladly part of the 'suck at wargame, love playing it' club.Super indepth logistical tactics, accurate mechanics related to RL warfare for the time period, all of which are easy to grasp but extremely hard to master and the game is a very fun experience (especially with friends)Fight the AI or fight against some other people online, my only gripe with this game is the AI almost blatently cheats making it extremely hard to defeat, other players might feel better of a more attainable challenge. Current Land/Sea maps seem to cause desyncs,  but I assume this will be fixed with time and patches.Armies are extremely varied and they're over 1200 different units inthe game. No two skirmishes are alike and this is the beauty of wargame.Pros- Excellent Line of sight mechanics- amazing logistics mechanics- an RTS game which emphasizes heavily on strategy rather then performing commands the fastest.Cons- Some annoying bugs here and there- STEEP Learning Curve (cliff)- Naval ships have no sound files so they're basically ninjas, also naval maps with AI cause desyncs which ifplaying with friends causing two different games to unfold at once. (in one game you could win, however for your ally the game is still going and he's losing)- Balance issues (or maybe I just suck)7/10."
76561198023143191,Recommended,251060,9883879,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,JohnCriton,Even better than the first two games in the series! fun game
76561198022781203,Recommended,251060,9857588,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,christopher1006,"First off, let me get something straight. I reccomend that you purchase this game IF you are not only interested in tactical and strategic combat but also constructing decks by comparing long lists of numbers.  If you don't enjoy the latter, you can get away with copying others but you'll have difficulty if you want to construct your own deck of units.As early as the game is, this game does need balancing so I don't think that it's fair to critisize what they've done on that front.  Be aware though that many units are subject to change in ability so you might want to wait awhile if you don't want to deal with that.Of course the big question is naval combat and how much it offers. . I think that there will be groups who despise that new system and others who love it but Eugen has gotten around that by allowing you to play maps which offer all naval, combined and of course your standard ground maps.  The focus is a lot more on mobility than before, reflecting an era where the battefields would be massive and commanders needed to get their troops to the point of conflict as soon as possible.  This makes battles engaging and they rarely slow in to a stalemate or slugfest."
,Recommended,251060,9859355,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,D0c70rWh053,THE best RTS on the market if you are looking for Modern Warfare.
76561198055597886,Recommended,251060,9871078,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Sir Dirkington,It is like Command and Conquer but a ton more things to do with lots of stratigy buy this game right away lads. Also the naval battles are pretty sexy.
,Recommended,251060,9879552,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,K1ck1nGY0urButT,"Good game, much improved from the last two games."
76561197977553012,Recommended,251060,9774940,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Church,Amazing what if strategy game that puts together over 1400 cold war units into one big war. Giant maps for you to truly immerse yourself in. Supports up to 20 players in epic 10 v 10 matches.
76561198044793720,Recommended,251060,9781055,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,✪ Pink Guy,One of the best Strategy games I've ever played :) very enjoyable!
76561198042603909,Recommended,251060,9793350,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Hoppou,"I played the first Wargame and i must say that i was pleased with the game but saw where things could be improved. This game is incredable, I love how it is able to include all three major types of battle through air, Land, and Sea. With each of these included I can deffinatly say that this is the best strategy game i have played to date."
76561198067168486,Recommended,251060,9830808,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,At Least I Have Chicken,"Awesomest, most addicting game I've played in a long long long time!"
76561197969421234,Recommended,251060,9834812,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,FurballHero,This is a great time to be a PC Gamer in no small part to great games like this.10/10 from me for the beta.Full release rating TBD.
76561197971223254,Recommended,251060,9836199,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,DukeOf Guise,I have enjoyed this series. I have played RTS style games for as long as there has been computers able to play them. I haven't played the beta much but what I have played I really like.
,Recommended,251060,9836687,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Arky,Amazin
76561198058806984,Recommended,251060,9840836,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,DomsTheBombs,Cool the damm thing messes up my login and password where the hell is the naval map.anyway seems inviting and all problems should be fixed sooner or later
,Recommended,251060,9841440,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Carver327,Great Game! From a relative newcomer to RTS games it really wasnt that hard to pick up once you watch some of the guides here on steam.
76561198054372067,Recommended,251060,9841762,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Swivel Eyed Loon,WHERE THE HELL IS KIROV CLASS AND IOWA CLASS WTF???
,Recommended,251060,9842005,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,KilroyIsHere,"I conider myself not alone when I say that I've been looking for a great modern-day RTS. The Wargame series has finally satisfied that craving I've had for so long! Fantastic game, truely nothing else like it on the market. Do yourself a favor, brush up on modern military hardware and get invested in this!"
76561198075143580,Recommended,251060,9844076,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Mad Fox,"Wargame: Red Dragon , this game puts your choses between air , land and sea . with more then 1200 units from the NATO armies to the PACT destroying force .  under your command from tanks , ships , choppers , bombers , cars , jet fighters , troopers , airboarn and sea forces . with such a freedom of choise , you'll have the most epic firefights between nations !! a game that's still not recommanded for new gamers . new for Wargame in genral ! what are you waititng for? hold raise the voice and move the arms to victory!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,251060,9845636,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,[GOTR] Haxta,This series keeps getting better and better!
76561197977528896,Recommended,251060,9858959,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Cold_Zero,"Probably the best RTS out there. Sank 250+ hours alone in the beta, it is very much worth the price!"
76561198007337645,Recommended,251060,9859202,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,TheAngryFrog,"Good game, Good multiplayer without the need for korean style reflexes.The initial learning curve is a bit steep, but once you figure out the unit styles its not as daunting as it seems.The ui could be more noob friendly, but its competent enough.The plane Ai and control is lackluster.The most fun ive had with any military stratergy game."
,Recommended,251060,9860543,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,fant0mas,The ships rock!
,Recommended,251060,9861359,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Allensaurusrex,Just Amazing
76561198064693474,Recommended,251060,9866710,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,19power97,"You can love it or hate it. Love Real Time Strategy? Buy it NOW...NO excuses. First person shooter or Turn Based Strategy? You'll get frustrated to no end. Been playing since the beginning of the series and I am a proud owner of each game. Wargame: European Escalation, Wargame: Airland Battle, and Wargame: Red Dragon are just simply the best modern RTS and has no competition. With satellite view straight down to bolts of a tank, the wargame series' focus on beautiful graphics aside from the truely inspiring game mechanics is what makes this series the best. The new Navy aspect introduced in Red Dragon gives endless options to attack the opposing enemy, but don't think the Navy will save you in every battle. You have the power to do whatever you want. Thinking from different perspectives during battle is what leads to victory. You got to love having a fresh experience each battle, and then replay the video capture to look at your mistakes and successes all while enjoy how beautiful the battle looks.This series keeps geting better with each year. W:EE - infantry,tanks, helocopters, and artillery. W:AB - intro to Airplanes. W:RD - intro to the Navy. Who knows what lies next. Do you have to buy all the games in the series? No, each new game adds to the old one and you don't miss anything jumping straight to Red Dragon. Its in the Cold War times and what could have happened. They keep adding to the game as the timeline gets closer to the 1990s which means bigger badder units and more choices. More opportunities.What are you waiting for? This is the best RTS on the market to date. If you think you are the best at conquering in Civ 5 then just try Wargame. No more thinking for 10 mins about moving to one space (which the campaign will cover that for those who like that) etc. Wargame is quick and new each time you go to a battle. You got to be quick, thoughtful, and strategic in Wargame battles. Time to play a real wargame. Wargame: Red Dragon"
76561198006708861,Recommended,251060,9866755,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Xterix,GeT iT!
,Recommended,251060,9872200,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Fahrradpumpe,Hard as hell. Navy Stuff could have been more.
,Recommended,251060,9886508,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Surrey_Kings,"Best Game Ever if you like military, jets....Strategy..It is just so good."
76561198009164269,Recommended,251060,9778465,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Moshh,Masterpiece of RTS. A must for armchair generals.
76561197971307893,Recommended,251060,9811737,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Beowulf,"This is my dream rts. Highly recommend.  Multiplayer with ships, air, and land is amazing. Planes are by far my favorite to play with but the addition of ships add so much.  You can sneak smaller ships into rivers, You can bombard the shorts with heavy deck guns. You name it. However, it is impossiable to do well unless you are working with a teammate over voice chat Or at least with map markers."
76561198045183675,Recommended,251060,10115426,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,THE ICEMAN *BC*,"Great game, however it feels like an expansion to Airland Battle rather than a sequel. Although it is a fantastic strategy game I am not convinced it is worth the full $40 USD as it is essentially the same as Airland Battle just with navy warfare and a few extra countries."
76561198063827965,Recommended,251060,10172084,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Jason_King,It's a good game!The effect is quite good and the naval battle is awesome!!
76561198007259813,Recommended,251060,10172906,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,RSharpe,"The Wargame series is consistently the best, most underrated RTS that people have overlooked. Airland Battle added fixed-wing air power to greatly improve the series, and Red Dragon adds littoral and amphibious combat to keep the series interesting."
,Recommended,251060,10946096,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ramsey,"Amazing game, very deep and enjoyable, and I appreciate all the aspects of strategy presented here. If you like Supreme Commander series, Men of War series, or even Total war series and you enjoy the cold war (1990s) setting you will really like this."
76561198030250183,Recommended,251060,15391998,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Rot,"I spent an evening drunk as I amassed an army of over 900 screaming Chinese and North Korean conscripts birthed for the sole purpose of giving their life for the Great Leader in a charge of glory across a 3km open field without any air defense.600 meters in my glorious bulwark is buzzed by a pair of A10s, then followed up with a napalm strike from an F4. My army now stands at 700 flaming, incredibly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off riflemen armed with little more than a scrap metal in the shape of a burp gun.The march continues.At 1400 meters we are in range of the bulk of enemy defenses. I am reduced to a mere 300 men in the span of four seconds,The march continues.At last we are in range, with 200 of the Great Leader's finest troops collectively decending upon a lone M1 Abrams tank as the capitalist pigs look on in shock and mild confusion. The tank operator is slightly worried, but otherwise unhindered in his task. This is good, now comes phase two.A turboprop bomber approaches from the south, dropping a 3000kg warhead dead on top of the command Abrams. My conscripts are collectively granted the sweet release of death, and I even managed to detred the lone tank. This all grants time for the two man anti-tank unit to garison a building opposite of the valley and singlehandedly decimate the enemy armored regement.11/10, I have proven my honor."
76561198092129304,Recommended,251060,25177001,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[GBH] Jay Smoove,Great.
76561197971509345,Recommended,251060,28122047,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Megaleif,The only choice for cold war interested gamers!
76561198026615014,Recommended,251060,28125902,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,francois,This is simply my favorite game.
76561198045512033,Recommended,251060,32667516,Posted: 22 June,all,zachnaldo,Not enough Maglans :(
76561197993823106,Recommended,251060,14630886,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Postman,"Best of the series so far. Adding in the unit sorting was the best thing they have done. Naval combat leaves alot to be desired but that seems to happen often these days when devs add naval to any game(ie: AC3). Only problem I have with the game is I wish they had included more maps or the maps from the previous games, yeah I know they are not geographically correct but its better then playing the same maps over and over again with friends in co-op."
,Recommended,251060,14605917,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Øuantum3,"Cons:01. Unit View MUST be also a live action camera.02. Units should show their trayectory.03. Terrain should be more competitive and strategic instead of large and flat scenarios.04. Add a LAN game.05. Units Tags should show some information about their status instead on the status bar.06. More maps 1vs1.07. Unit Direct Control should be possible.08. Table of Units deployed for faster selection of them as well, easy to recognice which Units have been deployed.09. Map Editor?10. KML/KMZ Google Maps Loader? It would be great to custom-map certain areas of the planet.Pros.BEST RTS SO FAR."
76561198028443247,Recommended,251060,14587648,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ｈａｂｓｂｕｒｇ　ｌｉｐｐｐ,best RTS game ever
76561198097186880,Recommended,251060,14596767,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Allan (A Bad Person),"I hated this game when i first tried to play it because of the lack of decent tutorials.However, after reading some stuff online and listening to a friend i finally understood the game,Hell i'm glad i figured it out because this is the best RTS I have played. Ever.Ps: FREE DLC, NO EA♥♥♥♥♥♥HERE"
76561198056301324,Recommended,251060,26596465,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Darth Maestro,"Overall: recommend.+1 Not many strategy games are in modern era.+1 Air, land and sea battles-1 Too few storylines-1 Where are the workshop and Mods?"
,Not Recommended,251060,16393880,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sultan Wilfred,"I'm a huge strategy gamer, but this just wasn't fun.I was consistantly confused, the AI was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and I'd much rather be playing Shogun/Empire Total War or Company of Heroes 2 than this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,251060,27998972,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SeaKnight505,lots of army and lots of boom
76561198036477697,Recommended,251060,16121232,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MayorOverFourThousand,"Great franchise, cant wait for their next game."
,Recommended,251060,16124029,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,LilShay,One of the best RTS in the last five years!
,Not Recommended,251060,18359325,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,evanr115,People keep laging multiplayer to gain an unfair advantage!!
,Recommended,251060,18435326,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,cybx,excellent!
76561198009025385,Recommended,251060,16324845,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Grim,10/10 ign would buy what are ya doing not buying this
,Not Recommended,251060,20916561,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,"Not throwing, just bad",Tutorial is probably a 3/10 started my first mission in Korea and got the US fleet but the only thing I could send in were air and they would not do battle... good idea but game doesn't work
76561198032282758,Recommended,251060,30353149,Posted: 6 March,all,Karhi,"I love how realistic it seems! You can't save a skirmish though, this game is a fantastic challlenge for any RTS Player!"
76561197991019313,Recommended,251060,12752969,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,nubbiecakes,"If a semi-realistic, pseudo-rts/strat., military game sounds like fun to you, this game will have you losing your mind. I got the 2 predecessors with it in a franchise pack, which is good because the campaigns tend to be short, and the game has way too steep of a learning curve to jump sraight into multi player, and the RD expansion has literally no tutorial, it was a good deal haha.If you're on the fence, there is no reason to not get this game, and it goes on sale often. You will not be disappointed even at full price."
,Recommended,251060,31207575,Posted: 17 April,all,Waggy,"Very little changed from the first game so I'll copy my review (the only reason I bought this version is because the multiplayer had a higher population):Fun tactical game of modern warfare, with just enough realism to be enjoyable while still being more of a game than a simulator.One option of score keeping makes your soldiers's lives valuable so that zerg rushes lead to defeat, not victory. You have to attack the enemy where he is weak and without suiciding your units, like in civilized countries in real life.I applied lessons learned from modern war veterans to great success. Noobs get steam rolled, veterans are dueled in the realm of psychology (feints, bait and trapping, counter-attacking).Unfortunately the interface is trash, memorized key commands a necessity and air defense requires micro-management, so it's not the perfect game, but still fun occasionally.Turn off ambient noise or whatever it's called, otherwise it will drive you crazy and you'll still hear it hours after shutting off the game."
76561198010897580,Recommended,251060,32659876,Posted: 22 June,all,Locke&Load,Awesome
76561198128607863,Recommended,251060,34074541,Posted: 6 August,all,danipman,Great Game and head and shoulders above Steel Division
,Recommended,251060,28222335,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Chef Michael Smith,ALB WAS BETTER SUCK MY NUTS 10/900
,Recommended,251060,10686799,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Big Boss,"Some fun new additions like Naval battles and custom AI skirmish decks are fun, but other gameplay changes like tweaks to how decks are built keep it from raising the bar above its predecessor. 7/10"
76561198027342835,Recommended,251060,26154057,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,salt.  Hippy Matador,honestly the best game ive ever played...
76561198094619689,Recommended,251060,26209319,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,omarnajjar80,Best war game out there. Bar none.
76561198012894127,Recommended,251060,26155708,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,nix.mills,This is one of the best tactical modern war games.
76561197963106157,Recommended,251060,17540377,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,SSDD,"A very good and complex RTS game. Very punishing to new players however, and requires a focused mind, as there is usually a lot to do, and not a lot of time to do it. The game looks like it is slow paced but combat is actually very dynamic. It's just that the maps are big.Worth playing. Only pick up the latest version as the previous games of the series always feel like a downgrade."
76561197985257236,Recommended,251060,17556468,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Sever,"Fantastic game, gamers who love RTS strategy with modern warfare units will love this game. The naval aspect adds a new dimension to the game. Air combat is solid. The variety of units is mind boggling."
76561198006458606,Recommended,251060,17445440,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Commander Blop,great game very realistic. extremely competitive multiplayer
76561198055502033,Recommended,251060,17467979,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,revolutionary01,love it
,Recommended,251060,17468221,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Talismanace,the RTS genera has a new king and it's wargame taking place in the cold war this is one of the most realistic and certainly one of the greatest games of the genera
76561198021763581,Recommended,251060,17537233,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,bongsi21,Score: 5/5 Military Strategy Game!
,Recommended,251060,17563313,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,xX-=>Joker<=-Xx,"first time reviewing, this game is good with great graphic and good on everything. But, the AI difficulty is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo        freaking       hardddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd even with the easiest difficulty such as ""korean war""...... i tried to beat this campaign so many time and all i get was a ""TOTAL LOST""you can bearly win all the matches even if u get a good tactic."
76561198164761653,Not Recommended,251060,31608106,Posted: 7 May,all,airrider225,"its an ok game ill play it every now an then but it gets repitive for playing against ai might need some ballanceing, also the ""DLC"" should be part of the base game because its nato vs the other faction usually and the ""DLC"" for netherlands israel an the other one are reguarly in the world this is a national war startgey game if we dont reguarly have all the resources it doesnt reall become a stragty game its, just half because its missing stuff. if they change that then i will change my opion of the game."
,Recommended,251060,23279772,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,-TSD- The Sleepless Doge,"i cant open my game on my new xps 15 9550! i have not idea what went wrong. i checked my game integrity, reinstalled my DX9, DX11 and DX12, adjust my screen resolution from 4k back to 1080p. however i was still unable to run my game, everytime i hit ""play "", the screen would either go dark or not thing happens. wtf is wrong with this game? i didnt pay for this. on the other hand, i can run this game on my old windows 8 pc with out andy problem."
76561198032033850,Recommended,251060,10356235,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,WingZero,"The game is tought to pick up on, but after a while it is well worth it. The multiplayer NEVER gets boring due to numerous units, deck composures and tactics. I highly HIGHLY recommend this game to any player who enjoys RTS and or modern warefare!"
76561198117574952,Not Recommended,251060,17754114,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,azatius61,лэ нагибэ
76561198159936937,Recommended,251060,17840457,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dignosaur,Spent hours honing skills against the AI and fine-tuning my decks.Squashed in first 14 multiplayer matches.10/10 would get rekt againP.S.  A Hideo Kojima game
76561198081243272,Recommended,251060,34819405,Posted: 8 September,all,terry flap folds,Visually it looks a lot like Zeus mode in Arma 3.It plays like someone merged the best parts of R.U.S.E. and TC's Endwar.Fast paced real-time strategy with plenty of tiny details to appreciate.
,Recommended,251060,25502528,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,AlliedZero,"Learn how to multi task, know how to learn quickly, never get discouraged and watch tons of youtube videos. When you are done you may have a Ph.D in Wargame but it will all be worth it as you still lose over and over again. 9/10"
,Recommended,251060,16281793,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Jexter,The game is quite tense to play even agains the AI - that what I like most about it!
,Recommended,251060,25334892,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,USA,"I would like to see an Ireland DLC, it would be the absolute best, however I still recommend the game."
76561198041603145,Recommended,251060,25313753,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,RYAN,gg
76561198289354391,Recommended,251060,25478709,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,sadcat,OMG!!! they made from company some piece of sheet ((( that who see first time this game not gonna play it. but anyway it old good one for those who know what to do
76561198048937764,Recommended,251060,25537723,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,pugstorm,It is good
,Recommended,251060,34537444,Posted: 27 August,all,Exyder,Nice game!
76561197978761463,Recommended,251060,20098365,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jor,"I know i don't have many hours in this game yet (6 hours atm). I only got it recently. The reason i bought this one is because i read about different speeds you can play with. I own all the wargames games in the series. It were games i really wanted to like but i never really could get into it.The reason was that it was to fast pased for me, i could not react fast enough. And although this may be fun for others and others able to develop skills with it, i did not. I never been good at multiplayer in RTS games for the same reason.The game was on sale during the christmas sale so i bought it. I watched some youtubers play it, liked the setting and hearing about the different speeds really appealed to me.I love it not, i love i can switch to a slower speed to give out new orders, then switch back to normal and watch my units carry them out. It makes the game more enjoyable for me. I'm not looking to play this game online, maybe in coop with a friend but that is it. So for me it really became a nice singleplayer experience now as i can finally play it without getting slaughtered at once. It gives me a opertunity to learn the game and have fun with it, instead of feeling frustrated and like a complete noob.I can really recommend this game to those who liked the idea's wargame had but couldn't get into it cause it was to fast paced. It also has some great settings and different dynamic campaigns to play with."
76561198014493888,Recommended,251060,20845732,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ahadihunter1,The greatest military simulator you can play.
76561198069499979,Recommended,251060,28193423,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Master Alcy,"plz give newbs a tutorial mission.Not recommand to newbs. Good game for others.And, considering they haven't added a easy making tutorial mission for two years already, I'm not expecting them to make one anyway."
,Recommended,251060,32646789,Posted: 22 June,all,RichManSCTV0™,"Awesome game that gets your brain cranking as you pick from thousands of units to battle with, the game is single and multiplayer. From pros to noobs this game rocks, you do not have to be the best to play!"
,Recommended,251060,24143235,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dankan37,The AI troops= Yours x 10
76561198135144548,Recommended,251060,28220487,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MolonLabe0928,"Great game if you like games like this. Do not buy expecting a RTS with base building, unit creation, or anything a typical RTS would have. Not really my speed, but I would recommend it to those who like strategy. That being said, the single-player is garbage. It's not a RTS, but a turned based game mode where even the ""Easy"" mode is insanely tough.Did get a refund, but again, not because the game is bad, it's just not my preferred flavor of strat game."
,Recommended,251060,31314081,Posted: 23 April,all,Starlit Firefly,ITISAWSOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
76561198062882812,Recommended,251060,18922440,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Nirk the Man-Thing Stab-Cutter,If you are okay learning curves that resemble brick walls and a dizzying amount of units this can be a good staple for any RTS fan. The only problem I see is maps that seem to get boring after awhile but this is a problem with pretty much every RTS so overall it's not that terrible of a flaw to have.
76561198056797729,Recommended,251060,18728263,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,FireFix13,Has one of the best single player campaigns I have played in a long time. The FX are just beautiful with a good card. Watching the jets scream across your screen the AA fireing the tanks and APC's shooting while troops sprint for cover in buildings or trees. The ships shooting at one another as their AA picks up and a jet tries to get through. Many countries many so many units to pick from east and west. Just try it.
76561198052655496,Recommended,251060,13679317,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Stormwynd,"Very fun game, but it feels just the same as the air land battle wargame.  I am very glad that I got this on discount because I feel like I just paid more money for the same game."
76561198007312425,Recommended,251060,16154145,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,athornton78,"While the naval battles leave a little to be desired, the air and land battles are no doubt some of the best in the rts genre. With highly detailed models and terrain, the game play itself it very enjoyable. There are planty of mods to be had, even authentic skins that the modding community has spent many hours on. Highly reconmended."
76561198126303795,Recommended,251060,20197408,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bigchilly™,"who knew that clumping all your♥♥♥♥♥♥together is a good taticAnd, too you Wargame Chat . . .██████╗░██║░░░██║░████████╗░██╗░███╗░░░██╗ ██╔══██╗██║░░░██║░╚══██╔══╝░██║░████╗░░██║ ██████╔╝██║░░░██║░░░░██║░░░░██║░██╔██╗░██║ ██╔══░░░██║░░░██║░░░░██║░░░░██║░██║╚██╗██║ ██║░░░░░╚██████╔╝░░░░██║░░░░██║░██║░╚████║"
,Recommended,251060,23812467,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cobra Commander,"Do I recommend this game? Yes. But be warned ye new blood, the game is complex at first.And when I say complex, I mean that in a realistic way. There are no base building mechanics, only a finite amount of troops to rely on, and most certainly of all a rough and ragged player base that will tear you apart for making even a slight mistake.I like the game for the complexity it brings unlike the spam and click fests that other RTS'es usually offer. The game takes a table top wargame setting brought to life in a computer simulation, relying on heavy use of RNG and does it rather well. The game engine does have its limitations such as no towable vehicles (Certain mortars and AA guns, etc.) and no infantry mortars.Also, for those concerned that the game may no longer be supported, Eugen is currently engaging in community events that brings more nations and units to the game, so they are still devoted to the game.The only thing I happen to dislike about the game is the lack of LAV-AD, YA-9, A-16, and F-16XL units,  but that's just a minor quip of mine."
76561198271617439,Recommended,251060,23819149,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,XxBossxX,"i liked the set-up of the game. but it really requires a lot of knowledge of the game before-hand. you cant just jump right in, as many experts who play this game would agree with. they would advise you to read the 200 page manual and then get in. units are so hard to identify between anti-air or anti-ground, especially when it comes to aircrafts. i like how they made it very realistic by doing so, but it really is a game that you have to be invested in prior, or else you wont have that much fun playing it."
,Recommended,251060,14425336,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SHALE,"Time killer~ If you are a busyman, avoid this game!"
,Recommended,251060,22354532,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Red Bear,"This game is a nightmare for anyone who is new and decided to play agaisnt an easy AI. in this game, easy AI is like playing a hard one.what i ove this game, alot of things, first thing first, is the Comm chat, its funny and alot of bull-shet in it. second, the game is soo realistic, well almost sooo realistic lol :P"
76561198046747192,Recommended,251060,28757975,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,WitchingSnake,The game that makes you want to have Wargame 4!Where and When is Wargame 4?Until thenhttp://www.moddb.com/mods/orange-alert
,Recommended,251060,15744022,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Noblezim711,"This is a very good game, it has lots of elements, and units. You have land, air, and naval units at your disposal. You will have to think about the units you place into your deck of available units, or you might not ever win. But this game is rich in tactics, and players. It does leave some to be desired, but I'm sure future versions of the series will add on this strong foundation."
76561198051923654,Recommended,251060,15426329,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,✪ PANTHER TANK ✪,its really funny but AI is really hard
76561198008414212,Recommended,251060,30395675,Posted: 8 March,all,Safe-Keeper,"So intimidating, and so hard to get into, but oh so much fun!"
76561198104514395,Recommended,251060,21143932,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,commander cool,i was butchered in multiplayer... by a light tank horde...... rip soldiers...
,Recommended,251060,11391096,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,sheepdog2142,This is a great game. It takes the best part of Air Land Battle and add allot more.I love the fact that all the DLC is always free.This company has got my buy any day.
76561198182071277,Recommended,251060,22600194,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,what a hell'uva way to die,A truly epic RTS
76561198071149928,Recommended,251060,27828667,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Torak8988,"If you think of buying this game, realise that the game is inbalanced, so playing everyfaction to win is not going to work. The AI on higher difficulty simply cheats more points so when you have 1 yet the enemy allready has 1,5 yet on the hard difficulties. Also the AI knows where you placed your hidden command vehicles and maybe also your hidden units. Playing vs AI is only fun if you put it on lower difficulties or disable the reinforcement points (this makes the AI unable to exploit thier massive point gain advatage, and makes both players start of with 1 army where they have to fight the rest of the battle with).The campaign imo is not realy enjoyable, you will find yourself grinding out enemy waves of units which are moslty straightup counters to your regirments, so if you have only tanks and yets the enemy will spam helicopters and yets and then straigt up overrun you, the AI is able to do this because in every campaign the AI starts of with a massive unit advantage and deployment point advantage. So for the campaign you are mostly trying to keep as many units alive and killing as many enemy units as possible battle after battle in the same area with the same units.However the game is beautifull and remember to only play the most overpowerd factions because the game is not fun if youre losing as an underpowerd faction. The israeli faction pack is a must have you even want to set 1 step into multi player because this faction is absolutely overpowerd and not playing as israel is a certain loss.There is also a serious lack of indicators, for instance the following indicators are still missing:range indicator of weapons, you cant see how far your units can fire.vision indicator of your units, you cant see what you can see, you will have to judge what you can see by expecriance.and various other indicators such as minimum range of your artillerythere are also no help guides or such things, you will have to learn to understand the game through youtube videos or something.this game is worth about 10 euro's but no more in my opinion, its fun but the lack of help and tooltips and indicators make it extremely hard to play. The campaign is simply not enjoyable, and the inbalance of the diffrent factions is also very annoying. yet if you buy israel the game gets a whole lot more fun.i have played a total of 40 hours of this game."
,Not Recommended,251060,25448767,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The ATF is 100% Constitutional,"Doesn't provide a good tutorial, incredibly confusing to newcomers, as you're pitted against experts who have been playing since EE. One of the only good tutorials is a TWO HUNDRED PAGE GUIDE. Worst buy I have ever made on Steam, awful investment."
76561198002879299,Not Recommended,251060,29731066,Posted: 5 February,all,tassos1187,If you prefer single player strategy games (like me) do not buy this game. I haven't tried multiplayer to be honest but after some hours of single player gameplay and several more in reading guides I believe the game is highly unbalanced and almost unplayable. Hope this helps.
76561197994358528,Not Recommended,251060,34835348,Posted: 9 September,all,Courage Wolf,"This game is properly very rich and has more depth than any other STR, but the lack of any proper ingame tutorial is just a deal breaker.A few walls of text in a menu or a 200 pages Steam community game aren't what I expect from a game as complex as this. Games with half the complexity offer ten times more learning content."
76561198003111571,Not Recommended,251060,9892687,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,re_qkchung,"sucks, i am new and i dont even know what to dotutorials are words and basic rulesno help , no indications"
76561198033083251,Recommended,251060,9440367,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Helmut Kohl,"Best RTSNaval is just a little (and for that good) Element, this game is huge!"
76561198112815222,Not Recommended,251060,11313191,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Hodors.Vocabulary,"If you like Command and Conquer, World in Conflict, or any similar strategy game; then you will most likely NOT like this game. The game is very difficult to pick up, there is no real in game tutorial, and the units rely on ammo and fuel so you spend most of your time micro-managing your supply chain instead of actually fighting.Pretty disappointed by this game."
76561198136273204,Not Recommended,251060,10116473,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,abnormalrabbit,"The game is completely destroyed as a balance and honesty. The game should be called ""Survive playing for the Reds."" In the game the most savage manner underreporting troops of the Soviet bloc, and incredibly overestimation of NATO troops. If you want that your 3 Position ""Thor"" (one of the best air defense world) have not been able to bring down one F-16, but the two NATO APCs easily knocked your MIG 29, then welcome to this notorious creature of NATO soldiers."
,Not Recommended,251060,10326658,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,PierogiPal!,"Having played both EE and ALB, at this current point I cannot in good conscious recommend anyone spend a single dollar on this game. It says that it's fully released, however it's more deserving of the title early beta. It's almost impossible to find players for REDFOR as the devs who know not what they made a game about only take suggestions from the loudest members of the forums, who all happen to be NATO players that believe that REDFOR is overpowered, and this caused REDFOR to be nerfed to the point where no one wants to play them. On top of calling for unwarranted nerfs, they also claim their units are not powerful enough and ask for their units to be buffed. The devs often do both at the same time which leads to a massive shift in power that ends with BASIC infantry units from NATO being able to decimate REDFOR's top anti-infantry squads.TL;DR this game is unbalanced because of NATOBabbies and it's not worth spending a single cent on until they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198085733861,Not Recommended,251060,9884318,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Josey Wales,this game  is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ absolutly no instructions like tutorials showing / guiding how to play a very complcated game. another RIP off waste of $ This is why I condone pirating because I need to make up for being ripped off by companys like this. because you can't get yoru $ back when your ripped off with Sw so yo no alternative but to pirate. so Im headed to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to get my revenge DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT SUCKS
,Not Recommended,251060,10239609,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,D Boy,"This game can be brilliant - the tactical thinking required puts it way beyond most other modern RTS games - the graphics are great, the units are varied and 'real' and the campaigns are stretching and a brilliant mix between semi-strategic and full tactical. I love it and I've found myself going back to the campaigns again and again to try out different strategic plans and battlegroup / company / battalion combinations.Would I recommend it? NOIt is mainly a multiplayer game, this is fine, it has a strong multiplayer community  - all the wargames have had this, but there is no multiplayer campaign - which makes this a multiplayer skirmish game with a limited single payer bolt on - a wasted opportunity, and my advice would be don't waste your time. Particularly as, at the point of both pre-purchase and full publication the Eugen website was advertising this game as having a multiplayer campaign - either an honest mistake or a strong indication that something went very wrong in development. I won't be purchasing any more Eugen products unless full multi campaigns are an option. Don't bother with it unless all you want is sup com style skirmishing - otherwise buy Wargame Airland Battle - it's cheaper and has a multi campaign option, though it isn't quite as good. Eugen , you really missed a trick there."
76561198088273555,Not Recommended,251060,10237471,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ahhyourbad,"nothing like the videos great graphics, butnot like startcraft or halo wars or red alert 3 or company of heros most of the game play is like chess. So the game is chest with very cool movies pretty much"
,Not Recommended,251060,31680929,Posted: 11 May,all,yoshisdream,It's pretty pay-to-win dlc nations are OP af.
76561197988042614,Not Recommended,251060,10467679,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Desolater,Regretted the purchase almost immediately and since purchasing through steam I realize I ca not get a refund for something I knew I didn't like within minutes of game play. I guess I just wont be purchasing games through steam anymore it just isn't worth the lack of customer service.
,Not Recommended,251060,33107500,Posted: 1 July,all,Ghojo,"Three reasons why you shouldn't buy this game:1. The community is the most toxic I have ever seen. The ingame chat filled with nazis (with the name of Jewhunter, WaffensturmführerSS, Adolf Hitler, ...) who openly talk about how they want to kill either jews or their parents... or in ""good"" moments just verbally abuse each other in ways that would make ♥♥♥♥♥ look classy in comparsion.2. The unit spam is really the worst about the game. It doesn't feel like a military strategy simulation, but rather like an arcade shooter wherein the one wins who can spam the most units.Honestly it just looks plain silly when I start a bomber and the enemy sends 10 AA jets against it, or suddenly there are 20 helicopters flying in bulk into my zone going full kamikaze.It's better when the credit gain is set to low on the map, but appearantly nobody likes that..3. Singleplayer sucks, and so does multiplayer sadly. When you finally get into a game after waiting for 20 minutes in the lobby, you either get an extremely stupid team who surrenders the match in the first few minutes, or your team gets stomped by the pro players, who make up most of the remaining player base.A big reason for that is that there's no auto team-balance and no way to see how strong your team is - except stupidly clicking on every player and then on ""view profile"" - so in 8 out of 10 games you get extremely unbalanced teams.Which just leads to really frustrating matches, especially when you are new to the game. I player over 50 matches so far and only 3 where actually good and worth remembering. This is really not good enough.Oh and the storefront screenshots are very misleading, you never play in such a close view. Check out lets plays to know what I mean."
76561197971228506,Not Recommended,251060,11409323,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Hunter S. Thompson,If you get this game thinking it's the successor to R.U.S.E. you will be very disappointed. They are absolutely nothing alike. Be ready to spend several hours searching the internet to try and figure out how to play this game.
76561198092480196,Not Recommended,251060,25257348,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,King of Heroes,"Micromanagement and spam. Thats covering about 90% of the experience youre gonna get from this game. But one thing after another.The core gameplay is good, really good. Building your own deck each with its own strengths and weaknesses is fun. And trying it out makes even more fun, at least most of the time or at the start of the game.But once you notice that there are serious balance issues it becomes a lot more frustrating. For example:""Heli rushes"" (a ""strategy"" that means you invest all of your points into Helicopter and send them around corners of the map; attacking the enemy spawnpoint) are completly broken, because you are forced into a lose-lose situation. Either invest money at the start of the game into your base and risk not having enough in your front line (in case your opponent actually wants to play the game) or invest nothing and get instantly destroyed by the enemy if they decide to start a ""Heli Rush"". The worst of all is that it takes no talent or planning at all. Just spam one unit; send it to one location; win.You will encounter this ♥♥♥♥♥torm in almost every third ranked game. Almost none keeps playing ranked because of that♥♥♥♥♥♥ And if i say none i mean none. One person out of 1000 players per day start a ranked (and there are about 400-700 players per day activ).Air units become useless after the 10-20 minute mark, because all players build a relativ strong AA-Base at this point in the game.Tanks are a must have and easily the strongest units in the game. If you or your team dares to play without them they will have almost no chance at winning the game. This would be fine if it wasnt for the fact that this destroyes a huge part of the entire deck building. Aircraft based decks, infantry based decks, etc are just worse then the tank based decks. Of cource it depends also on the map your playing, but at the end of the day you will still have a significant advantge with the tank based decks every time.---This could be accapteble. After all if the gameplay would have nothing besides balance issues you could easily play with friends or just ignore it (somehow), but sadly it dosent.The problem is (or cource) unreasonable and useless micromanagement. In 9 out of 10 cases the person with better ""micro"" will win no matter how stupid they might be.If you start a game you will get about 2-10 minutes of deploytime to select your units, try to think about your tactic, maybe talk with your team about a overall strategy and so on. However once the game starts you are forced to select each unit you deployed and send them to their location - *after* the game started. Its a annoying ♥♥♥♥ton of work every single time.Remembering the Typ, Plan, and position of about 20 (+/-15) units that are all called ""KA-52a"" ""T80UM"" or ""T80A"" is nearly impossible if you are new at the game and extremly difficult beyond that. And dont even get started about enemy Aircraft...""oh no there is an ""F-15A Eagle"" coming to Alpha"" or ""oh no there is an ""F-15D Eagle"" coming to Bravo"". One of these Aircraft units is a AA-Superiority Jet and the other one a heavy bomber. Have fun learing the diffrence.(Just a funny side note: you cant rename your units)And it gets even worse. If you finally managed to send all of your units to their location they will refuse to stay at the *exact* location you have given to them. They will stand around an 10m radius of the order you have given to them. This is just cancer since there are many situations where you need your unit at a absolutly specific locations, but this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just refuses to do so.But wait...it gets even worse. If you somehow managed to send your unit to the *exact* location (usually by just command them to go 50m beyond x and then just hit ""stop"" once they are 5m befor x), then they will not face the frontline...with their own frontline. For example i command my tank to x; he goes x (after that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) and then reloactes his frontal armor to y, because 1500m away (and thats no joke) is a cheap transport thats just standing the open - making himself extremly vulnerable to the Tank-hunter at x. I lost already way too much high value units because of that♥♥♥♥♥♥and there is not a single way to disable this ""feature"". And dont fool yourself. This dosent happen once every 50 matches, but *every single match you will ever play*. All of these problems. It just kills all of the potential fun, desicion making and overall gameplay.Just spam, micro and abuse silly mechanics to win the day.Dont bother and buy yourself something that you will actually enjoy."
,Not Recommended,251060,9714714,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Sui Venereous,"An inferior update to the venerable Wargame: Airland Battle. Red Dragon takes a lot of the worst aspects of W: ALB and magnifies them ten times - point & click artillery and airplanes are vastly superior to conventional ground forces, the maps are so large now that moving tanks and other ground vehicles across the map is impractical because they require micromanagement and extra resources just to ensure they have enough fuel to move halfway across, and the game is still missing many quality of life features like the ability to reconnect to a game (the netcode is even worse now than in ALB) or a ruler to measure distances. The community has devolved into nationalistic tribalism, and the developers do not take substantive and researched criticism into consideration.Red Dragon is a quick and dirty cashgrab compared to Airland Battle. If you want a modern RTS that isn't StarCraft, I heartily recommend ALB."
,Recommended,251060,9812353,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Dimitri,I play as JSDF and pretend I'm fighting Godzilla. 10/10 would buy again.
76561197974026700,Not Recommended,251060,13866703,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Yusho,"I played all the wargames before and this is by far the worst.The naval battles are totaly unbalanced. Also the balancing of the other units was much better in earlier wargames. The maps are much bigger and favour air units even more than in wargame airland battle.Yes they have much more units but the balancing is ruined.A really good thing are the new menus, which are much easier to navigate and have been enhanced with some very usefull tools (copy decks and send as hash).Overall this is a bad addon for the previous wargames and just money grabbing. I really regret buying this game."
,Recommended,251060,22978462,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Jerry,hardsteep learning curve
,Not Recommended,251060,19050268,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Brother,"To put it simple, Wargame red dragon cheats its way with the 'Detail' by multiplying the same contents into different names and stats and use of same models. It has very little to do with actual stredgy for the terrain and condition of which units fight in has very little to no effect.It is simply an arms race game, just like rock, paper, scissor, each different unit become more efficent against what they were armed for. It boils down to a spawn and send gameplay, since it has no actual detail in the little things; game becomes a birdeyeview ant fight."
,Not Recommended,251060,14955002,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,FtA.BallisticWoofles,"Cannot login or create account, no COOP campaign despite the promise of it"
76561198084348985,Recommended,251060,22655328,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,uncle orson,Played a game and my teammates left and i stuck around because I aint a ♥♥♥♥♥ then when i inevitably lost the other team talked♥♥♥♥♥♥about how bad i am when they all had 3x as many hours as me12.5/10 would become an rts monk and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥to lesser players again
,Recommended,251060,10175129,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Air Knight,good as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,251060,10352925,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Blurry,"Dislike this game, Huge fan of Air Land Battle but this one just doesnt cut the cake, The things added just arent worth buying a new game for. I continue to play Air Land and there's still alot of people who play it so no loss in not buying this game.For reviews sake, The Interface and deck assortment has improved in RD.There are more units and naval units have been included (I personally dislike the naval side)Thats about it."
,Recommended,251060,23073172,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,The Real Mr.Blue,Napalm can solve any problem
,Recommended,251060,19308581,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Fehbox,North Korea = Best Korea10/10
76561198074117845,Recommended,251060,10108080,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Equinox,"This game is a gem, a masterpiece. Eugen has fine-tuned every title in this serie, and in this the latest one put themselves in the absolute frontline of realistic RTS games.This is a deep game, with a massive amount of real world unit types which allows you to build your own combined force. The game mechanics are quite easy to learn but hard to master, but the pure amount of statistics of every single unit means you have to put in a great amount of time to learn how to use each unit the best way possible.You have to concentrate on your strategy and mastering the use of different unit combinations for the given situation and be prepared of your opponents units and how to counter them. The campaigns are not the strenght here, but the multiplayer are, and it is excellent. Eugen is continously and often updating the game and tweaking/correcting units, game balance etc to fine-tune the game according to the players response. DLC´s with new countries are continously beeing released.Prepare to loose sleep. The more you put into this game, the more it gives you back. It is timeless in many aspects."
,Not Recommended,251060,14461897,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MindTaker,this game is the incredibly tedious thing I have ever played. If you enjoy going though a bloody checklist 50 times a game then this is the game for you. Otherwise don't waste your money.
76561198102343289,Recommended,251060,23085998,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Droid_Master,A amazingly detailed strategy game. A must have for al strategists. 10/10
76561198115887690,Not Recommended,251060,13432916,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mr Steal Your Tech,"The game is quite good and has very interesting games. Although, you do get elitists who think they know everything about warfare and will destroy you with words if you make a mistake. The worse thing though is that a few people get problems with Eugenes servers, we also get disconnected mid game. This really needs to be fixed and the problem is caused by Eugenes servers."
,Recommended,251060,23428762,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,madlarkin8,"One of the finest strategy games ive had the pleasure to play. punishing, realistic, steep learning curve for multiplayer. There are minor discrepancies in some of the units in how they should look vs how they are modelled ingame, but still worlds ahead in realism beyond any game ive played in the genre. I hope they continue to make more in the series. If they would just un**** their campaign mode and allow coop/competetive campaign, this would be my ""total war"" game covering the scope of the modern era 1960s-1990s. Your selection of units is so vast (over 1700 unique units last i checked) covering everything from warplanes to infantry to ships, tanks, helos, armored cav, air assault forces, AA, SAMs etc etc... that the people who inevitably cry: ""That side is OP"" ""US too stronk"" ""new update makes game casul friendly"" ""USSR tank-rush new-meta"" are missing the point. Modern militaries are simply unequal, not all technology held by one nation is comparable to that of others. Sometimes it is superior, sometimes downright inferior. But taken as an aggregate with so many advantages given to the various sides in DIFFERERENT ASPECTS of their forces (IE numerical advantage, accuracy, killing power, speed) It truly comes down to who is the better commander, something not easy to do in a HIGHLY assymetric RTS."
,Recommended,251060,10489893,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Pathfinder{Tǻц},I regret this purchase
,Recommended,251060,9598192,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,sandvichpwn,"It's like Airland Battle, but better."
76561198036683614,Recommended,251060,9631824,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Repulse,Now that this game is out people really should buy it. Mostly if you were a fan of any of the other wargames this would be a 10/10 for you.
,Not Recommended,251060,18435660,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,…,Bunch of content but lacks basic things that Close Combat had in 1998. Pass.
76561198000653020,Not Recommended,251060,12115683,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Empirialist,Bought the game 10 days ago. The CD code they gave me does not work.  Have written into support no less that 7 times... NO RESPONSE!
76561197997911889,Recommended,251060,12998470,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Sharky,"[My review from metacritic with some changes]This is 3rd game of the series. And have some Improvement over previous Wargames.Best strategy game at the moment for sure. beats COH2 and MOW series easily In making sense and realism category.But its not enough to give it 8 or 9. Especially when they wont learn from previous games.Really huge and beautiful maps. Again planes and now Ships.  Aaah ships..you either hate them or love them..and the majority of the players hate them. Its cluster fOck of huge proprtion. And I played them in multi only once.But you can have mixed maps with land units and naval..which is pretty cool to some point.Rivers can be crossed now by swimming units - no choke points. Small naval units can swim there and so on.You can really go crazy tactic now. It became much harder game since tank spams are not that successful any more.I personally stopped using tanks at all.Def. you have to be much more smarter and careful with your units.Unfortunately instead of fixing basic issues they just keep adding more and more units.Looks to me they spreading they attention on everything ships, planes and miillion units and nations.Instead of narrowing and making it flawless.After 2 games they finally added some features people were asking from beginning :- map view in lobby,- ban option from room ,And it only took them 3 games to do it! Congrats Eugene! You are fast learners hehe.Ask yourself a question why it took you soo long?What kind of people work at Eugene that don't what's going on in multi games that you need to sometimes BAN people.Once again, it took them 3 games to do it!Stupidity of that team is pretty much visible. Yeah add more units to counter that.But that would be it.Still no black list, still no availability to see what kind of deck your team-mate have.And other simple things that should be straight forward for strategy game. Looks like they hit their mind capacity and ideas limit. Good to know its last game from this series.Still no strategy level in multi. It is in single player, but in multi ? nope.Just one map game where everybody throws units on each other mindlessly without bigger picture option.It seems nobody from strategy games devs can do it these days.Wonder why is that? Would that mean people who make strategy games have no clue about those games and are not fans of them.. like Eugene.Eugene studios had potential and some great ideas but it run out of them long time ago.Since then their motto is ""ADD MORE UNITS"".Only because of the forum they were improving game. This is just sad.Still you should buy this game despite my harsh review . Its only playable strategy game going towards realism atm. But don't expect miracles here.And like always in Wargame series - good team-mates. Without them you are screwed.I say like this On W:ALB I had 812 hours.On W:RD I have only 100. So if you didnt played before in wargame series. BUY IT you will love it. If you did played before in wargame it wont have that initial sparkle to keep you long on it like me. But still is great game compared to others games in this genre .Would I recommend this game? Despite those issues? YES."
,Recommended,251060,9616752,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,ket,nato op please nerf
76561198039463406,Recommended,251060,32144695,Posted: 2 June,all,Shinzou O Sasageyo,Meme.
,Recommended,251060,15419640,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Veers XII,Wargame: Red Dragon also known as: Rage Game: Communist Dragon or Warchat: Chinese Boats.Don't play this game if you to keep being friends with your rts incompetent friends.Rules to know before you play this game:Anyone with a UK or USA flag is a complete idiot.Norwegian helicopters are actually news helicopters comandeered by the military.Czechnology.Naval is the biggest waste of time ever.French Motorized is the best of France because they can surrender first.North Korea is absolutely terrible save for the....B5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,251060,9567178,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Hagganz,New Best RTS ever
,Recommended,251060,9644012,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Nyx,Probably the best RTS coming out this year
76561198047712720,Recommended,251060,9672810,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Neon Jesus,USUNAC♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ POLSKA + BEST GERMANY + CZECH = KILL ALL OPPOSITION
,Recommended,251060,9681844,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Ivorystate,9/10 the perfect game.
76561198010760769,Recommended,251060,13852434,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mecham,10/10 it's alright
76561198018371850,Recommended,251060,22731189,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,VostokMercenary,"The greatest Turn-based RPG there is on steam, you start off with just some flour and eggs, and have to use the basic cooking manual to make the first cake from there you get xp and can level (normal RPG stuff), Yes theres fetch Quests and the Cliche stuff but the story is solid and the combat is more diverse then the likes of Skyrim or Just Cause 1.Overall Yes buy it, its better played with a few friends as are all Co-op lan play simulators.Have fun"
76561198043161293,Recommended,251060,22945501,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561198038985309,Recommended,251060,30819245,Posted: 29 March,all,Captain Cob Scrobber,"The game within itself: Good.Majority of the community: Cheap battle tactics, helicopter/jet/tank spam.Looking forward to the upcoming WW2 game. So this community is going to thankfully die."
,Recommended,251060,27529443,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FMB,"Endless, brilliant, timesink."
,Recommended,251060,13161695,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Tempest501st,"What can i say?This is one helluva game, this is one of the best strategy games i've ever played. A lot of variety of units and nations to choose from. The realism is a bit OP but its manageable. I rate this 9/10 the reason why is the realism of some weapons.For those who are new to this game it will be hard at first but if you keep playing, you will get used to it."
76561198157974921,Recommended,251060,14545036,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,r.steventon,this game is so good but i wood like to see a ww2 dlc or sumthink along the lins of d-day it wood be so cool to see all ur men runing up the bech
76561198123609051,Recommended,251060,28518417,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Floyd,"hey, its pretty good"
,Not Recommended,251060,14234071,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,nickj,"Red Dragon is a big disappointment. I'm not a fan of RTS games, preferring grand strategy, but I thought WGALB had enough to make an enjoyable mix and I wasn't disappointed with it. When I decided to upgrade, it was already with reservations but there seemed to be more content for Red Dragon, so I made the jump.What a mistake.Eugen have pumped up the game with flash videos and cosmetic touches but the gameplay has suffered massively. While the campaigns sound attractive, the new interface makes moving and assigning units to combat difficult and annoying. Just when you think you've got the rigth mix of forces committed to a fight they retreat in an unexpected direction or fail to arrive.And in unit-to-unit combat the balance has tipped even further in favour of quantity over quality. While some units are real game changers the best tactic often seems to be to cluster-rush the enemy with as many low value units as possible (it's certainly the tactic the AI empoys).The shortcoming of Red Dragon's naval battles have already been highlihgted but are worth revisiting. Not only do naval units add nothing to the mix, they are a major distraction. For anyone that's played naval combat classics like Harpoon, Red Dragon naval combat is a joke. Since naval combat is present in all of the campaigns this means that there is no decent way to experience RD as a solo player as you are forced into endless (and pointless) naval slug fests. Further the naval outcomes influence the whole campaign (rightly so) and so you have to endure them to complete the campaign.I hoped for more and I got much much less.I hope Eugen listens to the community, persists and fixes the franchise because there is much promise in it. How long that will take is anyone's guess."
76561198046601722,Recommended,251060,10245190,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Silly_Ghillie,"Amazing game for the price, also great game for RTS players!"
76561197998142706,Not Recommended,251060,17394302,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,A Midnight Dreary,Garbage UI.  Complicated to a flaw.
,Recommended,251060,14441084,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Griffinhawk,Great game GET IT!
,Recommended,251060,14397474,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Noob-Noob,I've played this game for a couple hours and it suck 0/10====jk 10/10
76561198006563246,Not Recommended,251060,19111999,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,nazgul5,"While the ground combat is pretty good the game does not really use either air power or especially naval power the way they really work. Also, in all the games I've played so far, The Red force has a ridiculous advantage! Having served in the military I can honestly say it don't work like they're showin it!"
76561198076901308,Recommended,251060,13369443,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,BrotherhoodOfHam,My friend recommended this game.He's not my friend anymore.11/10 would spam T62's again.
76561198055729759,Recommended,251060,9901928,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Commander Zing,Great game! No words can really be put here to show how awesome it is!
,Recommended,251060,9949084,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Tjalmann,If you like RTS as real as possible.. Then this is the game for you!
76561198136234701,Not Recommended,251060,14568024,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,shuizhu384,rubbish boring game
,Recommended,251060,13170669,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[ZSU] Mr.Bluey,This game made me rethink communisim +1
76561197995596298,Not Recommended,251060,30450355,Posted: 11 March,all,Reyok07,"Can't recommend because of this example that is repeated over and over, T34 vs M1A1 or Merkava IIB with recon, T34 wins across open terrain no other units are involved in the battle.  Get tired of having superior units die and the AI's super recon."
76561197972196026,Recommended,251060,23850896,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cob,"Yes Buy it. its great! just ignore the chat, its super racist and xenophobic and filled with russian♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (pls remove it eugen)"
,Recommended,251060,22714732,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Tactical Tile Placement,How to win Wargame:Make Cat C Soviet Armored Deck filled with T-72AsGo into Cat C only lobbyStart gameSpam enemy team about how Soviet Union is underrepresentedSpend your 1K in deployment points on glorious Soviet T-72sMove Fast conga like them to the enemy spawnSend enemy CVs to gulagWin#feelthebern
,Recommended,251060,27113816,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Brother Pedro,"THERE, HAPPY?!"
76561198108724818,Not Recommended,251060,14642987,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,gamer nerd,"haven't been able to play the game, as it's in a language i don't understand. not english btw. i didn't do anything except start it, and it was in some other language. any way i can change the language?"
,Recommended,251060,30682740,Posted: 23 March,all,Boundless,"In this game, the user had a omniscient perspective. This means the user can see the battle field from above making the game like a board game. It allows you to make your own deck of infantry, support, tank, recon, air and naval units from many different countries around the world. The game is very detail because each unit is very unique. The game is semi-realistic  because units have a variety of accuracies and units are able to get stuck in mud, detracted, run out of fuel, ammo and can be repaired. The naval battles can be different each time and it's beautiful to watch the battle play out. You can see a missiles flying around the battle field, being intercepted by sea whiz, radar missiles and flares. The game is great for huge battles and great screenshots.There are only a few problem is that the AI can sometimes be buggy and there should be more campaigns. Another  problem is that you can't close the hud during a battle so if you want beautiful screenshots you need to watch the battle on replay which is sometimes tedious and boring."
,Recommended,251060,9589240,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Zach5421,Great game even for the Beta I enjoyed it at all times from the asian countries to storming the other side of a river .
,Recommended,251060,9637885,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,IGOD333,This game is awesomei love it the first time i heard about wargame airland battle i wanted it then i figured out about this and i got it
76561198096915703,Recommended,251060,9719557,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Brendan,"This game is currently in beta, so far it has Skirmish battles and multiplayer battles. They have added lots of new units and so far I a enjoying it. However I think this game needs to have less artillery that can just shoot down planes amd helicopters in a matter of seconds. Because it gets really annoying!Would give this game 6/10 so far."
76561198119676949,Recommended,251060,9727414,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Swigester,i love this beta it like a full game
76561198037667377,Recommended,251060,9831395,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Kogson333,"yea, very much worth the money!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,251060,9857032,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Gerhard Von Scharnhorst,Sometimes your rocket artillery will hit a man. Sometimes they won't.69/10 rocket physics simulator.
,Recommended,251060,9857424,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,SilEighty,"Long time RTS player here, going all the way back to the Close Combat series.  I'm always keeping an eye out for strategy wargames that focus on *realism* - engagements taking place at real distances, where terrain matters, etc., but are still FUN.After Close Combat there was one hell of a drought--for years.  Combat Mission was good, but (sort of) turn based and the visuals were...lacking.  Later, Company of Heroes looked promising, but ultimately played just like Starcraft.  The Men of War series was probably the best thing in realistic wargaming for a while until this series got wrapped up in its impossible campaigns and petered out.Wargame (this one AND the prior one) has a huge (but not overwhelming) scale, realistic scope, meticulously detailed units.  Infantry movement isn't at the level of detail of a Close Combat game, but that's acceptable given the scale.  This game is brutal, but the community (the game launches to a menu with an already-active chat window) is helpful and entertaining.  Honestly, nobody is very good.  This is the sort of game that you'd probably need a stint at West Point or Quantico to be truly great at.  But that's the fun: the multplayer games are a satisfying length of slamming around the map hoping (if you're like me) that someone on your team knows what they're doing more than you do.It's hard, but the menu isn't too complex.  Your units go, they stop, they land (if they're a helicopter).  It's not ""Micro"" that makes you good, it's deploying them intelligently...You'll spend as much time customizing your army ""decks"" as you do playing, and you'll enjoy every second of it.Last note: this game takes truly amazing screenshots.  And yes, it DOES look that good, but in the heat of battle, combined with dubious camera controls, you'll rarely be looking at your units that closely.  Wish the camera was snappier so you could zoom around and see those amazingly detailed units up close more often.Last last note: The second Wargame title (Air Land Battle) added airplanes, which the first game didn't have.  This one adds boats.  They're nifty and look great, but they're expensive so it is very sad when they sink, which they will."
76561198035514950,Recommended,251060,9887619,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Wasabi,so ♥♥♥♥ing good
76561198061369586,Recommended,251060,9893999,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,RexPatricius,One of the best Stratagy games ever created.
,Recommended,251060,9574789,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Marcothu!,"Excellent game, a true continuation of the wargame series, pretty hard for those who are casual players, but a little practice and you'll be on the game, most well spent money until today, a real ""must have"""
76561198002865577,Recommended,251060,9615796,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Kezeck,I highly recommend this game.  Sure there are a few balance issues but what would you expect in a beta.  As in  past installments of the series these issues should be ironed out in the full release.  Over all great strategy game.
76561197967371947,Recommended,251060,9617730,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,VasFURY,Third installment in the series - definitely the best.Probably the best Tactical RTS I have ever played!I give this game 9.2 out of 10.
76561198006423503,Recommended,251060,9618566,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,masterAlighieri,looking great so far
76561198045014370,Recommended,251060,9618593,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Chaos,Minus what are in my experience rare chopper rush and arty spam games which can both be countered if played right this game is amazing in both a visual and gameplay sense. The other nice thing is that so far in the beta the devs have been releasing updates for both bug fixes and balancing purposes on a regular basis making things like arty spam and chopper rushes less common and helping to keep the game tactical instead of having a mass of a single unit able to win te game. No naval units in the beta yet because the devs deemed the system unbalanced and broken in certain aspects which in my opinion is good because they said they will re release later in the beta once it is more refined.
,Recommended,251060,9619821,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Megatao,"More complex than your casual Strategy Game and way more fun than your casual simulation.Awesome game, with interesting and good game-mechanics and lot of fun in the Multiplayer!"
76561198086458369,Recommended,251060,9623909,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,MeetMyM1,o my godbest game ever!!!!!!!!!
76561198036141480,Recommended,251060,9624349,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,samli6479,get it
76561198004508882,Recommended,251060,9626475,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,BigFatLaDy,"If you ever loved the micromanagement aspect from Starcraft2 or any other rts, Wargame Red Dragon will be a blast for you! This game makes a clinic out ouf the rts genre. It's not for casual players it's for deep tactics, you will love it!"
76561198051870941,Recommended,251060,9726641,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,.102,We need an interactive map in which we can move units from the main screen into the map and not having to move the units on the screen to another location by only moving the entire main screen.
76561198011160774,Recommended,251060,9838175,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Skunk One,Simply the best RTS I've played in years.
,Recommended,251060,9579193,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,McNipsy,"If you are looking for an in-depth, tactical, beautiful, modern, and realistic military RTS, then this perfectly fits the job description."
76561198048157659,Recommended,251060,9638606,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Josome,it's awesome can't wait for the full game to come out and play naval battle
76561198067010781,Recommended,251060,9835465,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Miller,In Russia grenade chooses you.
,Recommended,251060,9842669,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Волк Volk,This is Eugen's magnum opus. Learning from its predeccessors this game adds several new layers with simple tweaks and creates a challenging environment in which you have to play to your strengths and cover your weaknesses in order to win.
76561198072380091,Recommended,251060,11774780,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"Excellent game, in fact the whole series is excellent. In case you are in for the multiplayer, get 'Red Dragon' as the other two titles do not have as much player activity.If you want a nice singleplayer, go for 'European Escalation' as the campaigns are better than those of the other two titles.Or just get the complete pack, you are not wasting your money."
76561198100631506,Recommended,251060,9578032,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Какашка,its a great game but needs skrimish mode for like warm up and playing with freinds and the etc but i know the games not complete great job with the game love it
,Recommended,251060,28112375,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,YUN,You either heli rush or tank rush. It's one or the other.
,Recommended,251060,17884700,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,YeenThatSipsLean,I love setting chinks on fire
76561198174238737,Recommended,251060,18420292,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,albaniamasterrace,"Starts game of multiplayer""ooh, looks cool ok lets go!""spams just tanks and infantryruns out of fueljust leaves units theregets arty spammedrage quits10/10"
,Recommended,251060,24347594,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,sausage,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
,Not Recommended,251060,26172828,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CaptDreyfuss,I can't honestly recommend this game.  It seems like the enemy always has some weird advantage and I have tried many different tactics.  Eventually resorting to YouTube for help and it still seems harder than it should be.  What about this trainer?!
,Recommended,251060,32997185,Posted: 29 June,all,Fakir MAJNU SHAH,I'm a fan
,Recommended,251060,19594493,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,อุอิ,Good Game
,Recommended,251060,11007629,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ears_rape.exe,"nly problem is fckin noobs quiting 2 mins after game starts, people who quit the game should have a 20min ban"
76561198042695188,Recommended,251060,9934067,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Donkey Ollie,Good game but still needs some improvments 8.5/10
,Recommended,251060,22128454,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mr Kitty,"I really dont have the strengh to write a long review. i'll just sum it up in a couple of phrases:- An amazing strategy game where you got points and you call in units (you dont build anything)- Based on a quite realistic line of sight which mean information an recon is everything.- very well balanced, you get 1500+ units and you build your on ""decks"" with your choice of units which you go to battle, there's a solution ot every problem and you gotta think a few moves ahead before just attacking.- team based - you're not supposed to win alone, you plan with your team mates and go to battle.- Many types of units (planes, tanks, infantry, artillary and ships).- mainly built for multiplayer gameplay.who is it for? for strategy military buffs and strategy lovers, it's a think first - act lator game. where clicks per minute don't matter and strategy is everything."
,Recommended,251060,10508624,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,420 Booty Wizard,get the ♥♥♥♥ing game already
,Recommended,251060,30174167,Posted: 25 February,all,Bryan,This game is a fun and challenging Real Time Strategy game although it does have a very steep learning curve.
76561198004635653,Not Recommended,251060,16967662,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Groo the Wanderer,FOB's run out of supplies and no way to replenish them. Very few servers to play on and when you do find one you sit around waiting for other peopple to join before it even starts. The game crashes constantly online in multiplayer. And basically from what I've read from posts in the lobbies this thing is dead and on it's last legs. Save your money.
76561198053796131,Recommended,251060,17488479,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,rontool,"It's the best army building simulator in the world for the era, and as a bonus, there's an RTS mode included"
,Recommended,251060,10267601,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Justice Beaver,Best COD game ever made.
76561198117049606,Not Recommended,251060,17775385,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,timlofton684,worst game i ever bought the code does not work my login will not work have tried everything to fix issue
76561198114798296,Recommended,251060,28175395,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Oddity,"Yes, Just yes!"
,Recommended,251060,15714358,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Degureschaff,I like tanks. This game has tanks. I like this game.
,Recommended,251060,14481519,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jai,how in the name of ♥♥♥♥ do i even play this game....?
76561198136034464,Recommended,251060,32069290,Posted: 30 May,all,henrysoggin,.
,Recommended,251060,22252024,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,hellatze,i seen the red dragon !
76561198242737238,Recommended,251060,25369199,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[10CCE] Nghikd,Best war game :>
76561198030312197,Recommended,251060,25421076,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zerion,needs more units clearly
,Recommended,251060,25611931,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Reverant☭Green,North Korea could acually win in this game.
76561198018847757,Recommended,251060,25610188,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Higgdaddy,She's a good one
,Recommended,251060,25678988,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Gooseneck,Best RTS ever made!
76561198168690505,Recommended,251060,26107692,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,✡KINGELI✡,In one word: bliss!
76561198003996728,Recommended,251060,18936061,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,wanted31,Just some base building would be nice.. otherwise game is dopy dope
76561198006756264,Recommended,251060,27620600,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,This game is amazingly good. Please add same speed control (bullet time-v.slow-slow-normal-fast-v.fast) to AirLand Battle and you're golden.
76561197986775314,Recommended,251060,15188410,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Aluminum Elite Master,"This is an under-rated game.It definitely is a little less on the production quality than some RTS games, and is certainly not a game with a vast number of players.But it is a RTS game with a slower pace and more mechanics at play than usual for RTS games. This is a welcome thing for those of us who are no longer in their teens and get less of a kick from being in a mad rush all match long. Plus, the slower pace opens the door to mechanics like supply and recon. Units eventually use up all their ammo and need to resupply, while recon needs to be conducted before sending other types of units into an area of the map.It's not a perfect game, and it does suffer from sort of repetative map design and fairly inconsistent AI. But multiplayer is the meat of the game, and aside from some latency issues that crop up from time to time, the multiplayer is pretty good and allows for more thinking than reacting, which for a RTS is a breath of fresh air.Again, by no means a perfect game, and definitely not overly polished in terms of music and UI, but certainly a game worth having for strategy gamers, particularly those who prefer a bit more though and a bit less reflexes."
,Recommended,251060,24944301,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mr.Crosby,"Has the best chat I've ever seen that's for sure. The game is amazing great gameplay especially online, it has a decent single player experience as well unlike older wargames. It takes a long time to get decent at the game that's for sure but it's a great game"
76561198007475885,Not Recommended,251060,10639813,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,itchy01ca01,"Not in its current state. NEEDS MORE SHIPS. If you're going to advertise naval warfare, make sure it actually HAS a good naval warfare system, or don't include it at all. Fail."
76561198025181769,Not Recommended,251060,9872401,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Gimboid,:(
76561198073520134,Not Recommended,251060,30287510,Posted: 2 March,all,ShakenNotStirred,"Unless you're willing to put a lot of time into learning how the game works, don't bother. Not beginner friendly in the slightest. The tutorials are entirely text based and do little to help you in understanding the gameplay. If you're a hardcore RTS gamer with plenty of experience with the genre, then go ahead. As for more casual gamers, don't buy it."
76561197960609414,Not Recommended,251060,9841942,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Naturgewalt,"EDIT: WARNING!DONT BUY OR DOWNLOAD!Wargame is actually like Malware...The BETA corrupted my system and maybe even caused my RAM to get ruined.After the latest patches (RELEASE VERSION!) it keeps using the RAM in some malicious way, causing the game to crash for all and even windows crashing with it.Every patch EUGEN releases fixes nothing and makes everything else worse.Dont get your hands on anything those guys produce, it will cost you just nerves and time...Review:Wargame, that was a great idea. But it has gotten into the wrong hands!Beware, if you buy Wargame, you will first think of it as a shining star in RTS heaven, but that is only half the truth.If you stay some time you will notice, that you are in RTS hell in many regards.With Wargame:Red Dragon you will sell your soul to one of the most biased and ignorant game developers and hosters ever. FOCUS is lieing to your face with their shining trailers that do not reflect the gameplay in any facette. While this is not to uncommon for advertising, it comes worse. They also praise this as the ""best naval battles ever"", which is a plain lie. Prepare to be disappointed by the naval component of this game.FOCUS is also most incompetent when it comes to support. Today is release day and there are still douzens of technical issues, random crashes, graphic bugs, AI bugs, HUD failures compatibily bugs and so on. If you visit the tech forum you will notice that only 1 of hundred threads is even answered by FOCUS, not to mention solved...When contacting a Moderator or FOCUS administrator, dont expect to be answered ever, no matter whats the issue.EUGEN.EUGEN has found a diamond of an RTS and decided not to polish it at all. Its the best RTS game ever made in the hands of all the wrong people.Its really a shame, that a bunch of developers can ignore major parts of their community even after almost three years of often very detailed and intelligent feedback in their forums.EUGEN has the bad attitude to send their trolling Communtiy Masters into the board, which do nothing but posting memes or give some random comments, often with a very arrogant and ignorant tone.They will not listen to your suggestions.They will not answer your requestsThey will treat you like you are some nationalist if you raise your voice for your favourite nationThey will not let you play Wargame they way YOU like, but make you play it how they want.You already looking forward to play YOUR favourite nation, be it NATO or PACT?Forget it! All you get is the same crippled decks we had in AirLandBattle.Want to play this game competetive and enjoy it the same time?Forget it. The only way you can play competetive is by exploiting the weak new deck system to the extend.You like infantry? Forget it. Welcome to the worst inf META since Suddenstrike 1.Like city fights? Welcome to the short range teleporting starcraft mod Red Dragon with the worst city fight solution possible.You like planes?Face the worst deck setup ever which allows you to spam a colorfull vairety of planes, but only 1 or 2 of the ones you really want to use (the whole game!).You like Helicopters? Feel free to rage hard on their nonexistent Unit AI, worst pathfinding, altitude management, movement behaviour and spotting issues. Using helicopters is like playing lottery, no matter how hard you try. And you will soon learn to hate the Message ""Angle to high - cannot target"" or seeing your helis lose their LOS during firing for no reason.Wanna join a prosperating, friendly community?Forget it. Thanks to the non-existent balancing of PACT vs NATO, Coalitions, nations and navy you will have to choose bteween beeing Pub Stomped from Premades, playing with incompetent random players who are so afraid of doing anything that they virtually do nothing.Ah, oh you play 10vs10 just to find yourself inside of the worst lag and spam fest ever in the history of RTS.What else you get:Impossible video options to make the game running smooth and look relatively good the same time (worst optimization ever)Bad Interface options (everything will always be in your way)Annoying sound when zoomed out. It was critized since 2 years, EUGEN decided not to change it. Prepare to get ear cancer when not listen to music the same time.No really usefull lobby options. The game is still virtually restricted to the most unfunny parts.Replay value is the lower than in ALB and EE.My advice: dont buy this game. Wait for a 10 EUR weekend sale, maybe until then the game is at least stable.Dont expect anything else to happen. In three weeks of BETA the game meta was not changed at all and community feedback ignored 99%.Dont feed EUGEN trolls with your money."
,Not Recommended,251060,12326126,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,They Call Me El Civ,"Although it's the best Wargame title to date, the new Naval forces feel wonky at best.  Ships blob up together when you move them, and most naval fights revolve around amassing 1 ship and sending them at the enemy's blob of ships.  Land/Naval combat is actually much better, as you can navigate rivers with PT boats like in Nam.  Really cool.Otherwise, the game just isn't worth the price.  Theres a lack of maps as well, making me feel like this could have been a DLC for AirLand Battle.Check out my video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6S3I_fyeN4&list=UUaVUKyqqEjfnjEV2IZd0uiA"
,Recommended,251060,13953494,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,McDonald,I suck.10/10
76561198021269544,Not Recommended,251060,25562120,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Markys,"TLDR; Good concept, poor executuion.First off, there is no other game out there like this one. I dearly want to be able to recommend it to friends but I can't. Its bigest problem besides the bugs (and god there are alot of bugs and general weridness in the program itself) would be the multiplayer. The interface is clunky and unclear at times, and really follows a design pattern of a 90s game.If your like me and just get bored with fighting a computer and need to have people to face off agaisnt, dont get this game. Go somewhere else. The community is generally toxic or uncaring, and when you DO get a game, you'll find you almost never can get on the blue (allies) side, and are always forced to take the red(russian) side. This also means you'll be going up against a team of players with an average of levels 30-40 (vets), while your team will have an average of ~10 (newbies).Its not fair, and results in the blue team seal-clubbing the red team almost every match simply because they know what their doing better, and red team never gets a chance to learn. Your recourse to this is to camp a blueteam spot (for possibly hours) or accept that your forced to take a red team slot.It also doesnt help that same-team griefing is possible and does happen (droping a friendly airstrike on the starting areas at game start to destroy all the friendly units before 10 seconds has elapsed is popular.)"
76561198202355880,Not Recommended,251060,33142756,Posted: 2 July,all,Blackbeard3002,Tutorial is garbage
,Not Recommended,251060,9878885,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Oddity,"More units and better maps and map quality is what I like in this over ALB standard.That said im finding the AI in ALB RD to be much more stronger than ALB.I've found that on easy mode vs AI the only reason im winning is the AI's lack of tactics.The tactics are better than the original AI however.Some examples -1 Harrier1 Phantom1 CosairVsAI SU AircraftAI takes out 2 of my aircraft before being shot down.2 Lepoards (70pt ones)Vs2 T62'sAll fire similtaniouslyboth mine miss both AI's hit and a lep dies,next round of firing mine misses again and the AI hits.This is just an example of what i've been finding in all my games of ALB Red Dragon.The AI hits more and usually hits first, waaaaaaay more than the original.Which even then was questionable.AI aimbot or unit scaling vs lower unit types.idk."
76561198046667588,Not Recommended,251060,14442318,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,kreeded29,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ENJOY ACTUAL SIM COMBAT!!...buy Escalation instead(ONE Player Review)Once again the Wargame franchise has ditched the decent, long, well thought out and balanced ""rts"" campaign experience for the hectic, time limited, rushed online method of crash play. Don't expect any sort of actual combat planning sim here...its just another dump, spawn and move as fast as you can typical Wargame mess Ive come to expect since their last release. Theres so many different units, with so much possibility here, its almost sad they did this again. You'd think they wouldve learned after the Airlands botched single player campaign, but apparently not.You quite literally start EVERY battle, no matter what size of force with a 20min time clock..... and that just sucks right outta the gate. You have massive troop counts of all sorts, and all kinds of possible attack strategies......BUT.... it really doesn't matter with such limited battlefield time combined with the fact you have to accumulate recruitment points by capturing/holding sections before you can even start to deploy more. Even the thought of flying a covert group of seals in behind enemy lines, or planning a smart well executed assault on a section of land is almost absurd in this game.  By the time you fly them in, unload them and attempt to move them...your already crushed by the mass spawned army of tanks and artillery that rush and bombard your command unit 2minutes into the game. Youre best just to spawn a bunch of heli's or heavy tanks and just buttrush their start area EVERYTIME...and thats just lame.According to the devs, in modern ""realistic"" war as they claim this is, all you need to do is find a good hiding spot for 20mins with your command vehicle... or just wipe out their command unit instantly and all those other hundreds of soldiers, armoured vehicles, helicopters and fighter jets you brought with you just decide its not worth it today, retreat before they even get to the battlefield and its game over, another province/state lostI should restate for the record, this is not a review for the online play. I honestly couldn't be bothered to even try it online after sampling the 1player and watching the same 3 guys trolling the chatroom three nights in a row.  Such a dissapointment for Solo players yet again.ONE BIG FAT THUMBS DOWN for a second dissapointing solo player Wargame...with another thumbs down on the side for the dev's themselves who once again created a great core game only to turn around and bury it with unneeded forced play restrictions and horrible community support... completely killing the entire ""rts/strategy"" playing experience!Like building a 69 SS Camaro only to turn around and drop a civic motor in it at the end. It looks so good, it's almost insulting how bad they screwed it up."
,Recommended,251060,9559829,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Josip Broz Tito,"Тут такое дело, лейтенант.."
,Recommended,251060,9559069,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Rin,"Red Dragon is kinda bad...for now,as compared to its previous series Airland Battle.....Look forward to the new units and be patient for all the new features :D eugene is pretty lazy XD"
76561198049217065,Recommended,251060,25786980,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,MagusArcanus,"""Tactically Outplayed"""
,Recommended,251060,11965886,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sox,bad
,Recommended,251060,9936199,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,g0Dwarrior23,THIS IS THE SHHHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT BUY IT ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BECAUSE ONLY COOL PEOPLE BUY IT♥♥♥♥♥ NOW BUY IT. CAUSE ONLY COOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL OF THE COOLEST GETTO PLAY WITH BATH TOYS LIKE IN THIS GAME!
,Recommended,251060,9887598,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Tyrannosaurus Tux,"Wargame Red Dragon is perhaps the best Cold War Strategy Game I have ever played.That said, it has a bit of a learning curve. This is okay. This is more to learn tactics of the day more than technical issues, if any.Even if you don't like going against other players online, you can always do what's called compstomping (That is, playing against the AI) with friends.That's always fun.Get this game."
76561198016443146,Not Recommended,251060,22664641,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,AeRoTR,"This is a very very good game, if you play with your friends !+The graphics are great, very well optimised.+Unit variety and details, all great.-Single player is not good, AI is Dumb.-Your unit AI, but in single and multi is Dumber.-Helicopters, infantry, tanks, they have morale but it just effect how well they shoot standing still. I mean 100 enemy infantry attacks your 20 men, they slaughter them and they do not fall back ? Your helicopters are shot down by rifle fire, they dont fall back, they are out of ammo, they just hover there still and die, same for all your units !-So you have to micromanage everything.-THERE SHOULD be options like falling back auto, getting into  cover vs.-Campaing is meh, including all the dumb ai issues.*** This could be the best RTS ever but it is not.  I mean so much detail but dumb ai overall ? If it had some AI, just some it would be definitly 9/10 but at current state it is a 5/10 for singleplayer and multi. 8/10 multi with friends."
76561198027092705,Recommended,251060,9637355,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Floppar,"In my opinion its the best Wargame till now (what ive seen and played so far in Beta). It feels again like EE with the best parts ALB in it. Of course there are still some bugs and balancing stuff in it, but after all it feels really great to play.So if you liked EE a lot and also ALB you will not regret this buy! Hopefully this game will attract a lot of people and maybe we see us on the Battlefield ;)"
76561198146532016,Not Recommended,251060,17142564,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,arastorun98,"To play this game, you have to study it like a lesson. Videos,guides etc.The tutorial is just a video so i wouldn't recommend this game at all unless you have the time."
76561198067016629,Recommended,251060,13842199,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,popo,I can slaughter communist north koreans with superior american technology 10/10
,Recommended,251060,10492201,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Jinglehell,"Wargame Red Dragon is one of the best RTS I've ever played. Even though there isn't that much new content over Wargame Airland Battle and the newly implemented ships aren't that great, the game still is , in my opinion, way better then ALB, the maps are great, amphibious units really make some new tactics and the overall gameplay is as good as we are used to from Eugen Systems. If you like to play RTS Games, there's just no way around the Wargame Series!"
,Recommended,251060,25546553,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tricycle#297,AMAZING
,Recommended,251060,14421342,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Resonance86,I played this game once and it was awful.
,Not Recommended,251060,15038543,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,The Ember,"Dont get me wrong, this is a great game. Mechanics wise. The only thing this baby lacks inorder to kick it to AAAgame value is an XCOM like story (not apeaking aliens, but extensiveness) and this would probably be the best game I ever played."
76561198096039088,Not Recommended,251060,29656115,Posted: 2 February,all,evt87,"Game is really awesome, but for some time now it doesn't start at all."
76561198080319214,Not Recommended,251060,19939922,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Taz,CRAP NEVER BUY
76561198064797557,Recommended,251060,10886345,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jetzone,"This Game is the best War strategy game, the game is both fun and immersive!"
,Not Recommended,251060,14539012,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ven,ThHis game is lacking in a few ways. 1 I spent loads of time trying to play it and it seems most of the time you  spend in a lobby waiting for others to join. I mean serious time in the hours I played I spent well over 1/2 my time waiting to play people joing a game lobby then exiting rite before it starts. It would be fun if you could actuly play but the game mec is not very good for matching up players.  No wonder it was on sale 75% off
76561198040092953,Not Recommended,251060,18240001,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Chase,worst game ever made
76561198147825810,Not Recommended,251060,14426023,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,dibbers,"Got this as it was on offer nothing like i thought it would be the product description and images don't give you a good idea of what your buying waste of money (well for me at least other people may love it, i can't stand it)"
76561198024997100,Recommended,251060,23125335,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jack My Swag,MalnurishedKoreanManWaveDefenseSimulator.
76561198018437687,Not Recommended,251060,27585791,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ccollier,i can no longer play this game it really mast up on video. I at one time was able to play on this computer and this card it a gtx 760 card try one of the games on the other computer gtx 480 card does the same thing and all I can fig. the driver updates blew this game out for me. it really colors all over the place and can not fix it even with auto in the game video setting it looks ok as it goes thru the setting but fall back to unusable. If anyone has any idea let me know.
76561198243766014,Not Recommended,251060,19966266,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ryan,This game is not good not bad But I prefer to click on no because it does not have good garaphic .
76561198137124183,Recommended,251060,18558757,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Rickery,OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO This is too hard to play.Cool game tho.
76561198161842143,Recommended,251060,13760981,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,KingNeverDie,good
76561198089147962,Not Recommended,251060,11975472,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Winnington,"Awful! AWful Awful Awful!This is ridiculous!! The scrambled words problem (MAC) is still here after I reported this 2-3 months ago, and many people have commented saying they have the same problem, and a staff of Eugen asked us a STUPID question like have you tried reinstalling?(yes) or have you tried restarting the computer(yes) and was never heard from again!!!! I bought this game and for 3 MONTHS but many of you're mac customers and I are unable to even play properly without having to guess what each word means. The words literally turn into many dots and no words are recognisable. Deal with this problem NOW PLEASE! Link:http://www.wargame-ee.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=174&t=46205"
76561197971655453,Recommended,251060,9761310,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Manx,Without a doubt the best multiplayer strategic rts on the market. Brutal and immensly fun.
76561198035127726,Recommended,251060,9843057,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,The Fleet Of Oceans,i ahve ntohing but good things to say about red dragon its is a flawless game and anothor welcome adition to one of hte best mordern strategy game franchises to date if you are a strategy fan you msut own this game
76561198059772027,Recommended,251060,9768440,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,autox14,Boat's n hoe's
76561198067424092,Recommended,251060,9751817,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,✠Herr Heinz✠,It is a really fun game to play
,Recommended,251060,9771348,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,SirChewi,Best and most detailed RTS ive ever played
,Not Recommended,251060,15346327,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Lü Bu,"The game has a wacky serial key system. Dont ♥♥♥♥ up, or you wont be able to play online or with friends."
76561197963448780,Not Recommended,251060,15323467,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Shroom,"Not until the fix the artillery in this game. If you play redfor all you need is 1 - 3 players (depending on game size) to roll a support deck and you win. REDFOR artillery is about 30x as lethal as BLUFOR artillery. Mostly because of rockets, but even their tubed artillery is better. They don't even need to try and in most games can arty random cap points to destroy your command vehicle and usually get in 1-2 hits. Pretty dumb.Edit: Have continued to play this game for months in the hopes it will get better and still wish I could get my money back. The bottom line is that this is very much a game. if you play it hoping to get some kind of wargame simulation out of it you're absolutely wasting your money. The units in most cases are accurate to real life (with exceptions to range for gameplay purposes) but there are some glaring inaccuracies and gameplay balance issues that kind of ruin the game in my opinion.1) The game in GENERAL revolves around a ""quality"" vs ""quantity"" concept. For example, if you're NATO you can expect to get a few REALLY good super units but very low quantity. If you're pact, you can expect to get some good units and a few super units but with exceptionally more availability. From a ""gameplay"" perspective this might make sense but the reality is it scews a lot of things in favor of pact. Bottom line is if you can kill a few of the NATO ""super"" units you're almost guaranteed a win unless you're just an idiot. This also ties into the ""balance vs realism"" that I post below because the reality is the USSR could field more infantry and artillery than NATO but not more helicopters, fixed wing or tanks. However in this game they can.... by a lot.2) Balance vs realism. Bottom line this is not a realistic game. There are a few combos that are near unbeatable in certain situations. For example, NATO patriot missle can snipe red air from miles with little risk even to SEAD. On the other side, russian spetsnatz + VDV combo in a forest is unbeatable by land units. Only chance to win vs that is bombs/napalm/artillery. There are no NATO infantry or vehicles that can defeat that combo unless you want to lose at a roughly 6 to 1 ratio. Combine that with the fact that US basically does not have infantry and you have a very ""gimmicky"" game. I say that the US basically does not have infantry because for the sake of ""balance"" their stats are so horrible that they're actually useless in most cases. The only reason to use US infantry is for their bradley which is barely decent vehicle. The infantry themselves are very close to useless. Combine that with the fact that Delta Force is also the worst SF unit in the game and can kill almost nothing then you will start to see what i mean.Potential: The game has a lot of potential but there are some glaring flaws that still ruin it for a lot of people like myself. Artillery is still a game ruiner, not just a game changer. In low point games it's not really an issue (because no one can afford it). But anything from 3v3 up with a decent amount of points and you can expect to get shelled all game. This is made particularly worse by ""Smerching"" which i reference in my earlier version of my post. This is basically when a player brings multiple cards of rocket artillery and picks a spot on the map where he believes enemy units are and simply hits fire and wipes everything out. This can be gamebreaking particularly early on since the maps use a lot of choke points so you HAVE to go certain ways to get to the front. This makes sniping in early games easy and can essentially end what should be a 40 minute game in the first 40 seconds.Bottom line: Eugen has a lot of work to do with this game before it deserves anyone elses money."
,Recommended,251060,11463147,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,xkimbo,its mediocre
76561198248839042,Not Recommended,251060,17900904,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,isaachaith,itz crap
76561198006568365,Not Recommended,251060,20822874,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,BobbyDylan,"MP game is good.  SP the AI cheets, getting about 3x the deployed units you do.  SO you're fortced to cheese the AI to win.Pity, though cos I could have been good."
76561198066135987,Not Recommended,251060,19948154,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rikashey,One of many purchases that I regret.Bought it on sale for like $10 and find it really boring and confusing.To even play this singleplayer game you need to create an account.Terrible.
76561198027548299,Recommended,251060,10173605,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Charlie Chaser,"The devs are stubborn and lazy while the community is a wretched mess of egotistical blowhards, yet the game can be surprisingly amusing."
76561198090636960,Not Recommended,251060,21319035,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TheTasterLad,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,251060,17913125,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,www.YouTube.com/VoskGaming,"This isn't RTS, wtf save your money - bring back wc3 and C&C Generals"
76561198216218635,Not Recommended,251060,17914564,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,evandyer1,"Terrible Game. Just so you guys know, theres no like flying aiplanes and drving tanks. It sucks. Nothing fun about it. Dont waste your money like I did."
76561197973384533,Recommended,251060,12803644,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Heinbar®,"Like the other Wargame, a good game, but honestly most of the fun is ruined by to much Arty and MLRS (favorit weapon of lamers.. and they are legions).And of course (National theme WG) one of the worst community in online gaming. Unskilled♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ racist and haters, TKers, brainwashed wanabe historians , boring kids..They are all here !I recommend it... but..."
,Not Recommended,251060,10922662,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,◔ᴥ◔ MagicPussyCat,"Game's dead (endless DDoS attacks on the server mean you can't play), devs are incompetent and have no interest in fixing it, no new maps, no support whatsoever, and a spokesweasel (MadMat) who spends all his time lying to his customers rather than trying to get the game fixed.Don't even bother."
76561197974637001,Not Recommended,251060,21973483,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Vector,"This game has a steep learning curve and is very frustrating to play.  Stealth fighters are not going to be shot down by AA Guns, I invaded a territory assuming I would fight on a grid with points and reinformcements. It put me in a middle grid, with no way to get to a reinforcement grid?  I had available fighters to protect me from their attack helicopters, but I couldn't bring them in due to not owning a reinforcement grid?  If I am the attacker, why can't I pick the grid the game starts on?  I had F16 in support, but I couldn't use them and when I retreated they were all destroyed? Why, why didn't they just return to their base?  In another game I totally wiped out their attackers with a lucky F111 strike.  Then suddenly the entire army rebooted and appeared out of no where and I lost?  On single player the computer massively cheats.  I can't beleive I have 431 hours on this game and still don't really understand how it works?  The game designers should look at the Total War series and take some tips.   I could go on for another 10 pages about this game that I REALLY WANTED TO LIKE."
76561198089667034,Recommended,251060,17484380,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,julek.89 (Busy with gf <3),"One of the greastest RTS's there.Realistic units with statistics that help you choose the best.Each country has a certain advantage.West Germany got a strong infantry while Great Britain has heavily armored,slowly moving tanks."
76561198070241514,Not Recommended,251060,16752270,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,John,Not fun at all
,Recommended,251060,34922288,Posted: 13 September,all,JDMs15,gud geym
76561198132246895,Recommended,251060,32664379,Posted: 22 June,all,Gunter,"Turns my computer into a heater, perfect for the harsh Canadian winters 10/10"
,Not Recommended,251060,14458809,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Token Why Boy,"I bought Red Dragon when it was 75% off thinking, ""Wow, what a deal!"" And I guess it was. I wouldn't pay more than $10 for this game, and you shouldn't either, assuming you want to buy it at all.Wargame: Red Dragon is probably a step under AAA. Why would someone not recommend it?Red Dragon is the third installment in the Wargame series, following European Escalation and Airland Battle. In Airland Battle, air units were added, and in Red Dragon, naval units. The air game seemed to fit decently into the meta, but the naval game...is a mess. Eugen's love for dice rolling comes out in a real nasty way, and any semblence of either realistic or tactical naval gameplay is set aside for blobbing up your units and praying that your anti-missile equipment holds out longer than the other guy's.So far as graphics go, yeah, it's a pretty game. It'll take your nice gaming rig and make things look real nice, or you can play it just fine on a potato like mine (just...don't go into those 10v10s if that's a problem).But where this game really drops the ball is in the single player. The campaigns are actually decently-structured---on paper. Consider the ""Medium"" difficulty campaign, Bear vs. Dragon, where you've got your Chinese/N.Korea army in 1979 facing 1984 T-80s and experimental units. This wouldn't be too big of an issue if you just fought a small number of them, but Eugen's AI compensates for certain shortcomings in AI programming by having it both be omniscient and have several factors more deployment points than it has any right to at the start of a match.This is a huge problem in naval games, where the enemy can deploy its 500 point flagships with an entire supporting navy *and* air support while you're lucky to get out a few frigates and some meager anti-ship missile defenses. And because, as we've already established, maneuvering and tactical combat gets one nowhere in the game, particularly against the AI, who fields a vastly superior force bar none, every game, what was a problem becomes a gamebreaking flaw.The ironic thing is, the sort of naval warfare that it looks like Eugen was going for would do great in a WWII setting. But by pushing in the opposite direction, I fear Eugen jumped the shark with Airland Battle, and it's all downhill from there.While I like the idea of taking regiments and attaching battalions and companies to them to make your force much more than ALB's ""here, have an army and let's tag team it up"" campaign, you're still woefully underequipped to deal with most of what the enemy will throw at you unless you specifically pick out the one little hard counter company, which often means having prior knowledge about what you're going to be facing several turns in advance.A common motif in Red Dragon is the necessity of recon. Unfortunately, while map sizes seem larger, point compensation wasn't considered, meaning the maps are now far too spread out for your unit visibility. This is again a compounded issue when you remember that the AI is omniscient. I've always felt that all units could use a visibility increase (both recon and normal units), but I know that's an argument made in vain, because that's a core mechanic to the game. But the amount of times I've had a recon unit one-shot the moment he spotted an enemy vehicle leads me to believe something funny is going on, and it just leaves me with a bad taste.In brief: the only reason I would recommend buying Red Dragon would be because you have friends that play it, or want to get into the multiplayer scene. But for the love of all that is holy, stay off the chat. It's unmodded, so if you think you can walk in and make a few friends, you've got another thing coming. If you're entirely new to the Wargame series and want to try it out, I would highly recommend ALB over Red Dragon. Yes, the AI still cheats there, but there's far less units to dig through, and the campaigns there are a bit more friendly. The single-player modes look great on paper, but Eugen's AI makes them a horrible experience, and the modding support simply isn't there to fix it."
76561198121706942,Not Recommended,251060,27632927,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tiger in denial,Cruse the Rainbow screen darn GTX driviers
,Recommended,251060,25655585,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Super Trump,The cold war could never get colder...
,Recommended,251060,11977505,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Deus,It's cool.
,Recommended,251060,20877271,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tea2theBag,"Great game, worth a buy."
76561198064996405,Recommended,251060,9842518,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,The Owl,Love this Game
76561198008336937,Recommended,251060,28480555,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ϟϟ Dlw4456 ϟϟ,"Good game, cancer community"
76561198030486077,Recommended,251060,17657536,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Timerunner,Psst Kids Wanna Spread CommunismThis Games Chat Is More Radical than RasputinAnd The Gameplay as Merciful As StalinWhould i Play it heck yeah i who... (gunshots as NKVD executes me for playin western game)10/10 I Whould get executed over it10/10 I am totally a Communist10/10 One of the above is a lie the other is a enforced truthEdit #01Its been 2 years now (dont know though gulag dont use western time count stuff)The Chat is More Violant then ISISGameplay got Me Sent to Gulag for Doubting StalinI think NKVD or KGB or whatever wants me dead (static in background after gunfire shot)10/10 Whould ban global chat from messaging me10/10 That AK-47 shots Depleted Stalinium Nuclear Missles10/10 That Beta testing = GLORY TO THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF NORTH KOREA10/10 Whould get NKVDead
76561198011571912,Not Recommended,251060,34764702,Posted: 5 September,all,giannarosth,"Avoid to all costs to buy Red Dragon.If you try single, campaing is somehow interesting but battles vs AI is a struggle vs swarms of spamming.Multi is alive, althought you may wait many time sometimes. Community is toxic to a degree.Players ether have 1 or 1000 hours, 1 or 50 level, can have the same units. This seems fair but it isn't, it could lead to very unbalanced battles.Use of air force is a joke, like rolling dice. You can't use airplanes in pairs. Naval battles is the same.Tank moving back is another joke, you must use special reverse button, while in the older game when tanks were retreating they did this move with front side looking to enemy.Worse a lot compared to 1st game of series"
76561198188679093,Not Recommended,251060,25643851,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sekrit Dokuments,Would've been a fun game if I actually knew how to play it. There is no tutorial level. There are writtens ones though which are way too complex to understand.
,Not Recommended,251060,34361221,Posted: 19 August,all,Ücxb,toxic community that crucify's you if you're new.
76561197978454468,Not Recommended,251060,12019952,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Imnuktam,"If you like to micromanage every little detail of your army down to refuelling and resupplying ammo then this game is for your. It has 1500+ units with no descrition as to their purporse, just stats. It has no playable tutorial and i guess is a cool game if you played all the previous ones? I found it overwhelming and it seemed to put little to no effort into teaching you how to actually play the game. I do not recommend this for anyone who has not played previous versions until the get a good playable tutorial at the very least."
76561197975267084,Not Recommended,251060,10119904,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Luft Korps,"Way to much unballanced.The Red faction is weak in ALL aspects, while the Blue (europe/usa, etc) are supperior in ALL aspects.For a multiplayer game, it takes away all competitivity and diminishes the strategy skill part for the victory.  Wargame: Airland  Battle is better than this one just because its more balanced.The ships are a good try, but its not that cool anyway.All in all, not worth phurchase a game were one side will always win on same skills levels."
76561198002000191,Not Recommended,251060,9964901,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Drew,"Adds ships.... Poorly.  Seriously, don’t bother.New Campaigns...  The only interesting one is the starter campaign…  Brits in Hong Kong?  Really?  There was a lot of potential with Korea, they blew it.New Maps…  Did not really enjoy them.  Lines of sight are wonky, towns are wonky, etc.They are focused on their ELA stuff, so I guess that explains most of it.Overall, would not buy it."
,Recommended,251060,9566919,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Firetwirl ~WindowSill,Very tactical.Much units.Such boats.Wow.
76561198031151424,Not Recommended,251060,10174577,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,kannito2000,"Incredible: just a month after release, 33% discount for a half baked game. i´ll never buy again something from Focus Home or Eugene systems. Disrespectful to previos and recent buyers."
76561198025610810,Not Recommended,251060,24885769,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,-A-,Reaming...constantly....incredible opposing forces who never tire...they never miss...but you will.
76561198051135339,Not Recommended,251060,18434267,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,nebula0618,"This game sucks...The only good part is the movie at the beginning. poor stories, poor control, poor strategy...even it's 75% off, it's still sucks."
76561197990179908,Not Recommended,251060,12339625,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,ap,"Latest version for mac, crashes really often on russian campaing in maps: obama, and gobo, I can't play at all :( please fix it."
76561198010050509,Not Recommended,251060,12123146,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,bourne.25,terrible tutorial and very complicated game you will need to google and research how to play this game
,Not Recommended,251060,11930440,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Theus Ixion,"I felt that the video for this was misleading.  I was expecting something along the lines of a Command and Conquer game, and it's more like RISK, without any useful tutorials that help you learn how to play.  It might be a great game, but if you can't actually make it work, it's definately not worth the money.Don't know if I'll get it, but I requested a refund on this one.  It looked awesome, and turned out to be kind of a turd."
,Not Recommended,251060,10713014,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BLOW JOB BLAZKOWICZ,Play Starcraft instead
,Recommended,251060,30948642,Posted: 4 April,all,S o l e ñ i a,not played enough to get the hang of the game...6/10
76561198049272316,Not Recommended,251060,23193868,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,DIGITAL DEATH,"Do not buy for single player. The single player is broken, the AI cheats and can spawn out mass amouts more troops than it's commad points are suppose to allow (other long time pplayers in the game chat agree with this) making the campaigns all but impossible. If you buy this I suggest you buy only for multiplayer.I am gald I only paid $12 and not $40 for this broken trash."
76561198071339694,Recommended,251060,15115078,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,EE,"Developer Eugen takes the RTS genre to a cold war gone hot. Gone is the concept of base building, and resource management. WG:RD introduces players to a realistic RTS unlike anything seen before. No longer will players contend with Actions Per Minute, but rather with tactics, units, and teamwork.With a blistering amount of units (1500+) they've managed to capture the most minute, and accurate features of nearly every unit. Players will find themselves lost in the sheer number of statiscal difference while attempting to create the perfect army. The complex task of ""deck building"" becomes simplifed by a restrictions and bonuses. The more you limit your military the more you have available.Graphically speaking WG:RD shines above almost all RTSs on the market. With almost painstaking authentic detail to units it's a shame to realize they are only utulized when fully zoomed in. The games scale makes it impractical to play any attention more than what's needed.Although WG:RD is a shining example of the RTS genere; it does fall short with it's limited maps, and often sidelined naval battles. You'll easily find yourself playing the same maps time after time. Not necessarily a bad thing when you have 17 nations to choose from, and more FREE DLC along the wayWargame: Red Dragon is an armchair generals dream. Pick it up today."
,Not Recommended,251060,18823032,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,gekido,impressive technology. very confusing game.
,Recommended,251060,9856476,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,The Cure,"Needs some more balance which will come with Eugen sooner than later, but better than Airland Battle in almost every way."
,Not Recommended,251060,25086172,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,小贾_KTXP,-1s
,Not Recommended,251060,14560404,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,horizontal,"Not a newbe friendly game. Takes a while to learn how to play as the tutorial is just an info dump where you have to read. not a big help. Pretty hard to learn when the AI are able to simultaneously controls 100 units, rushing  and  spamming arty attacks while they are hidden in fog."
76561198018190008,Not Recommended,251060,12010412,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Aero182,too ♥♥♥♥ing hard
76561198015103236,Not Recommended,251060,17935030,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Marinus78,It's not fun at all. Piece of crap
,Not Recommended,251060,13098299,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SpicyDog,"Billed as an evolution of the flawed, and unfortunately named, but overall pretty decent Wargame: Airland Battle, Red Dragon misses the mark in eveyr regard. Infantry combat is broken where it wasn't before, and the ships are underwhelming to say the least. Had they focussed on improving the good in AirLand Battle, they would have hit the mark. Instead they've moved forward with more half-baked game ideas and broken gameplay concepts. Overall, disappointing in every regard. I'd give it a 5/10."
76561198045422843,Recommended,251060,32354050,Posted: 11 June,all,Brostephano,This is a review of Wargame: Red Dragon
,Not Recommended,251060,13167936,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"NO!! This game is shart! There are many times where i feel like the game is not done, I hate a lot of things about this game, you can only have wars for 20min?!?! And Even if your winning 6/1 it still says its a draw. Another thing is the AI surrenders before you can win so you NEVER actually get a ""Victory"" its always like ""Victiry kinda"" its dumb, game COULD be good if the fix some things and changed a lot. Again this is just my opinion so dont be angry if you like the game."
76561198004130690,Recommended,251060,9759761,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Huey's cooking. Literally.,What is there to say about this masterclass masterpiece we call Led Wagon.From it's framey maps to it's AI enducing game crashes.From it's no naval powerece to it's John Doe unit names.This game is truly masterclass and deserves to be placed up in the highest honor alongside it's anncestors.This game is very majestic and Leonardo approves.10/10 still a better love story than Alien Colonial Marines.
76561198032296892,Not Recommended,251060,21099927,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Goat,"I only played the game for one hour, but i couldn't find any motivation to play it another...The game is super hard for beginners. The so called ""Tutorials"" let you read 3 sentences of how the game is aproximatley played. But not HOW to do stuff and what units do.There are  many confusing menus for units, most of them useless as I felt.Maybe if you sink, say 20 hours in the game it could make fun. But I'm not motivated to frustrate myself 19 hours to give it a try.Sry for the English - Greetings from Austria!"
76561198009093707,Not Recommended,251060,16039958,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CaveMan,"This game feels very boring and repetitive. Also, the single player campaigns suck."
76561198029341938,Recommended,251060,23086622,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,xX_YungMao_Xx,"10/10 best battle deck creation simulator (because really, who plays matches)"
76561198048238337,Not Recommended,251060,13599114,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,einar.sundgren,"I bought this game as part of a Wargame ""Franchise package"" and this game COMES IN POLISH ONLY! When I found the setting to change language from ""Polski"" it only had that language as an option. Why, I don't know. Seems really stupid."
,Recommended,251060,25560037,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sloth,It's like Skyrim with guns
76561198153858369,Recommended,251060,25945839,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,iamjames007,The Best Rts I have ever played.just buy it now.why are you still hear JUST BUT IT FOR GODS SAKE!!!
76561198066497536,Recommended,251060,30230694,Posted: 27 February,all,DannyDredd13,awesome game
76561198171126931,Not Recommended,251060,25509053,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,cv63,I don't recommend this game because of very poor Naval and Air performance
76561198162918142,Not Recommended,251060,30936902,Posted: 3 April,all,xaxazak,"They don't respond to support on:Their own support forum(post).Their own support email address.Steam forums(post).(this is over a month after, still no response)"
76561198097848014,Not Recommended,251060,30522792,Posted: 15 March,all,Herpedyderp,"The gameplay is great and everything i expected but the game crashed 99/100 times i try to start it and it always seems to be for a different reason, meaning no matter what solution to the issue i am provided a new issue arises."
,Not Recommended,251060,18140936,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Nova,"Crappy multiplayer without any idea of balance. Said to be realistic, but there are hordes of new zealand wheeled which are raiding with better accuracy and stabiliziting tank guns and could take from up to 4 125 mm gun shells from ""common' tanks like leo 2 and abrams, t-72. Developers even didnt read anything about use of wheeled tanks in real combat situations. They just do them in game cause ""they are cool"".Also global game chat is fool of nazis horde with ideas ""kill all jews, american, russian, arab"" (note which u want).If u are looking for game with tonnes of unbalanced units and crappy atmosphere in global chat u are welcome."
76561198120419114,Recommended,251060,25793321,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,------------,.
76561198086674695,Not Recommended,251060,28524385,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,alec_fermin,"It is not my custom to leave a review, but if I do I'm either incredibly angry or incredibly mad. Sad to say, it's the latter. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN THIS PRESENT STATE! There is a colour bug that can't seem to be fixed, going borderless windowed mode doesn't help. The units are imbalanced. Now they're starting to mil this game with DLC. Eugen, I've been with you since R.U,S,E. This is very dissappointing considering your past games were lovely.65/100 is the best I can give."
76561198007960391,Not Recommended,251060,13109996,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Didz,"Warning! This game is really not suitable for single-player.It's been designed as an MP platform and so has no 'active pause' feature to allow players time to think and plan their strategy.  This basically makes it impossible to enjoy as an SP game, as the AI can micro-manage everything at once whilst you're left trying to cope with a massive battlefield and loads of units running at 3x real time.It basically not fun unless you enjoy getting stressed and smashing the hell out of your keyboard."
,Not Recommended,251060,32949112,Posted: 28 June,all,URANIUMDESTRUCT,"So i wouldnt purchase this game unless you are someone who loves war, war stuff, can name every single war vehicle of ww2 and likes strategy. I purchased this because my friends play it and were like come play too. I was like well if you really want.. and then i played like 3 bot matches, put the difficulty on bot to easiest and lost in first 5 minutes."
76561198091915042,Recommended,251060,23095281,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tovarisch Comandr,"there's rule about leaver? badno real time, dayn night? not rly good, no weather? badno real map? badthe only 1 reason i ilke it bcos it most realistic RTS nowadays"
76561197995740014,Not Recommended,251060,24215812,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dedaulus,"Unreal air combat, missiles distance is cutted, airplanes altitude is too low, infantry is able to hit F117 with ZRK"
76561198106156371,Not Recommended,251060,33508671,Posted: 13 July,all,crimsonfalke,Artilery support and other units with supposedly good aiming systems seem to purposely miss their targets and take much longer than opposing forces to actually do any good in game. The company's patches seem more like they simply give the commputer increasingly and unreasonably good aim. Meanwhile your own systems take 10 minutes to aim and fire by that time you have already lost the game.
76561198004739838,Not Recommended,251060,31867877,Posted: 20 May,all,YOMan_CABSHERE,The game in early was fun but due to the learning cuve of the units and almost every match stacked by a team on discord or teamspeck / vent its really hinder the advancement of play. Not to mention the new spam decks are op as hell and easy to field
76561198377635655,Not Recommended,251060,31466363,Posted: 30 April,all,LZFCHINE,我想要退款，因为管方不更新以及没什么人在线，再加上游戏本身上手度难，所以我只能给40%的好评和60%的差评。
,Not Recommended,251060,20432887,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SudKreuz,"Game looks awesome at first, and then you realize it was made by frenchs,F 117 flying at low altitude and killed by MANPADS... it was epic, planes in this game are a bad joke. A mig 21 can kill a f16, a panavia tornado can kill a su 27 with a sidewinder, is totally random, and EVERY plane fly at NOE and therefore EVERY plane is vulnerable to MANPADS,Helicopters can't fly above 30 meters, need to kill that helo asap? Just get a mortar... yes, that's right... the best anti air weapon, a mortar,Tanks can't hit ♥♥♥♥, for some reason they can't see through bushes, (there's something named thermal vision you know?)helicopters can't shoot through bushes either, and because they fly at 30 meters 95% of the time they can't see the target in order to attack,Infantry while inside a building are terminators, and buildings are indestructible... attacking a city with lot of buildings is a nightmare, (Honestly, destructible buildings is a must in a modern rts game),Artillery is like fireworks, can't kill a single soldier in a building, (remember, rocket artillery and mortars are designed to shoot down helicopters),Infantry can hit a moving APC with an RPG at 700 - 800 meters with ease, now that's what I call skills man,Game is a mess, if you like ""wargames"" then this is not a game for you,On the other hand the deck customization is awesome, best (and only) part of the game,4/10 at most, a waste of money,"
,Not Recommended,251060,15501670,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,I feel kinda bad for saying this... but its too hard :/
76561198058870023,Not Recommended,251060,23176552,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,---,Where the hell is tutorial for this game?
76561198118938501,Not Recommended,251060,20245554,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Unless You A Zombie,"If you came from Warcraft,SC2,Total War,AoE2,AoM,CnC or other rts, you gonna have a bad time"
,Not Recommended,251060,21761487,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,phidz,"This game is overan by hackers already.  Bought the game on steam and well, steam you know.. no ♥♥♥♥ing CD's yet my ""CD-KEY"" is already in use and im unable to create an account. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME DONT BUY"
76561198006765864,Recommended,251060,23088498,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,LilBadWitch,"It's like dank memes, but with explosions."
76561198059901088,Not Recommended,251060,19371260,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,adeemin,"So, I had expected some kind of a real-time multiplayer simulator when I saw the screenshots and trailer. Maybe I'm off my rocker but I don't see how a risk-type of board game compares to that; because that's all I saw when I played. A colour coded pawns board game, far cry from a simulator. Rocks in my stocking this year, I guess. Looks like it could have been a fun game too, though I have seen cheaper risk boxset games. There are only 5 solo missions which isn't terrible if you know what you are getting into leading up to multiplayer. BUT especially if you are far into release; You can't fully rely on multiplayer at that steep a budget as multiplayer wanes over time."
76561198034971238,Not Recommended,251060,9948287,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,rwashb0318,"What a wasteof my money. Apperantely I had no idea what this game was about, major disapointment."
,Not Recommended,251060,16313082,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MS-06S,"Dead Game. Toxic Community.♥♥♥♥♥♥Balance. Non-Existant Support.Enjoy playing on FOUR horribly designed maps which are the only ones ever played and a Campaign which is just the same as a human vs AI skirmish.  No Scripted Events or excitement needed!The Amount of Research done is minimal (often WRONG to the point where quickly going to Wikipedia would get you proper answers for equipment and loadouts) and the New Factions which were to be added to the game to be the stars of this are borderline useless and the faction which got the most useful new toys were the Devpets (EuroCorps)Most units are more than useless and the Meta is determined by whatever random changes they made, which often bugged units.  Thankfully the Meta now is stagnant as they've moved onto their next game and abandoned this one to rot."
76561198051514398,Not Recommended,251060,15987199,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,JohnTheGreat,"I don't like it very much. Overly complicated, very little strategy involved. It would seem you have to spam cheap units to win, expensive units always get destroyed so fast that there's little reason to buy them.For a game of such scale it lacks basic things like Strategic bombers, Airborne units and submarines.The maps are also very bland, just open fields or mountains."
,Not Recommended,251060,30786900,Posted: 27 March,all,Mister Blin,"There is very little feedback as to why you lost a particular match, or why one unit was spotted while another was not. The inner workings of the game are not explained, besides a cookie-cutter description for some of the visible characteristics, so one does not know how far a poor visibility unit see, nor a excellent one. You just know that one is better than the other in some capacity(range? seeing in bushes?). It's all archaic when it doesn't need to be.Navy is basically worthless, and the general blob-spam strategy is all too common. Airplanes disappear when withdrawing rendering all hits, no matter how close the rocket was to the plane, void.In the 93h I apparently have on this game I don't think I had a single one of honest fun. In the matches I played either: I stomped, or I got stomped, or it was an hour long artillery duel Donbass style."
,Not Recommended,251060,12469729,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,striker93,"Might have had something good to say about this game, but as they have kept the same old crappy mission selection and play system as they had in airland my opinion of the game is bad. Maybe they might make up for it, but so far all they have done is make european escalation ""a great game"" airland battle ""a game thats worse then cancer"" and then with this they have stuck with the same old cancerous game style as airland and have seemed to just made it even more toxic.UPDATE Even once i had talked to people and got tips from in game chat... NOTHING they said worked. this game is nothing but ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and the franchise has been nothing but♥♥♥♥♥♥ european escalation being the only exeption."
76561198116103447,Not Recommended,251060,9919578,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Donald7777,"Enjoy the multiplayer, especially naval. Dont really care for much else in the game though. I feel like i just need to throw more troops at the enemy and it feels like if you have more troops you will win. I was hoping for something similar to world in conflict where you can choose formations and almost become attached to certain units after they achieved a high rank. This was my first game from this series and will probably not get another."
,Not Recommended,251060,23772619,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Penz,"CD key was invalid, never worked."
76561198003116312,Not Recommended,251060,9864404,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,rod222,game play utter crap you want a war game  get what i play its  better soviet strike much better than this crap game
76561198007653981,Not Recommended,251060,10282597,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,VICTIMOFWAR,"As much  as i enjoy the realism if the game it lacks in the dynamics of warfare; in a sense im talking about how a tank versus a ship and the ship loses, these arent tug boats going againt a tank these are destroyer class naval attack ships and a T-80 no matter how much you think ts awesome wouldnt stand a chance.its simple things like this that really irritates me, the information and how the game is layed out is all wrong, and any military expert wh has half a clue will call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on the dynamics of the game.good game and can be fun however not what i call well balanced or even close to reality in the real [erimeters and capabilities of the vehlces."
,Not Recommended,251060,10340273,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,PajamaMan,"You might not get from the looks of this, but this is not a simple pick-up-and-play RTS. That, combined with the multitude of variables, and no real in-game tutorial, means that unless you want to spend a couple hours reading online how to play, this will just sit on your desktop just like it did mine."
,Not Recommended,251060,11961924,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,LightMonk,Everyone thought it will be AirLand Battle with new Units and maps. We got this game instead.
76561197981764687,Not Recommended,251060,9994924,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Buckaroo Bonzai,Multiplayer. Me and my brother got the game :( . Becouse when i tried skirmish i loved it i ignored some miner glitches. So I purchased it for my brother to play multiplayerwith me.  After ten minutes my brothers games said he was victoriuos and I was still playing with him. Its obviuos the computer took over and i had no idea. Civilization does the same thing but it about in hour in the game before this type of disco happens. Very disapointed dont want to play any  longer game if thiis happens. They need to fix this..............
76561198077989969,Recommended,251060,9972314,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,TroySkott4ever,I love this game!!!!!
,Not Recommended,251060,11959250,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Admiral,Terrible game. Clueless devs. Poor balance. Placibo dlc. Nobody plays naval which was their key selling feature.Do not buy and avoid like the plague!
,Not Recommended,251060,25880590,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"After giving up on the tiny tutorial in game I stumbled upon a 200 page guide and found out this game has 1400 unique units.... that is just too much, if you are into very very detailed and complicated simulators then this is for you."
,Recommended,251060,25417284,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sirchurchill,"Why are french units better than most Bloc forces....i dont know...its like the world is falling apart....everything is a lie...Really, why is france in this game?They left nato (I know its not Nato in this game) so they would 'not get invaded' by the soviets,so why are they fighting in aisa?"
76561198083748628,Not Recommended,251060,35096512,Posted: 20 September,all,usmc_lugo,Cant figure out how to play. Doesnt have a traditional tutorial like most RTS's have.
,Not Recommended,251060,11298851,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,BurnThePlanet,UNLESS YOU HAVE 10 OR MORE HOURS A DAY TO DEDICATE TO ONE GAME THAN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU
76561198144488185,Not Recommended,251060,11198342,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,shananarocks,No audio
76561198118292343,Not Recommended,251060,13353477,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,nagem36,rubbish
,Not Recommended,251060,13643969,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kcorapi,So difficult. A complete waste of time. I cant even get by the tutorial battles. this game is a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,251060,13477072,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,knope,:(
76561198114647656,Recommended,251060,28171362,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Tyler Moore,do no =get this becuase it does not work its a ♥♥♥♥ing joke
,Not Recommended,251060,23562590,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Bankzbob,I bought this game as part of the Wargame bundle and boy am I glad it was on a discount. This game takes you straight into the action with confusing setups and no explanation at all. The other games are good but this one is unpplayable for me.
76561198018617953,Not Recommended,251060,10479409,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Rogue.Master,"The game is very poor.  Perhaps if you played others in the series you will like it, but as a newcomer I found it;Difficult to useDifficult to understand what you are doingPoor under interfaceNo tutorials (sorry guys, but a bunch of text explain is not a tutorial!)Too much focus on small details about each unit.  This means that you have no overview of strengths (and weaknesses).Difficult to move troops/vehicles aroundBecause of this then you can't build any momentum and you quickly get bored."
76561198074323290,Not Recommended,251060,25063164,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,☭ Vladimir Lenin ☭,No Nazis
76561198016962920,Recommended,251060,30266432,Posted: 1 March,all,dzik,10/10
76561197981609272,Not Recommended,251060,14769900,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Porxster,"This game is atrocious, depleted of ANY explanations on how to.Clowns on youtube are pretty much useless ,wasting your time while they enjoy the sound of their voice and all along think they are clever as♥♥♥♥♥♥Where is the manual ????I strongly don't reccomend unless you're a nerd deep in the matrix lol!"
,Recommended,251060,28150682,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Humvee,I saw a cat in dubai
,Not Recommended,251060,28151908,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,||Guilt||,"Game severly suffers from having no playable tutorial. Complexity put me off, there is no easy ""in"" without research and effort. I prefer a game that is easier to learn, but still hard to master. Like russian roulette."
,Not Recommended,251060,9856717,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Grimmshold,"This game sucks .. the tutorials are all text based they walk you through nothing in game it is all a hope and pray you figure it out, if I could return it I would ... Yes I can figured it out and I did but there should be some sort of tutorial to make the process faster."
76561198044861640,Not Recommended,251060,12451488,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,NigglyPuff911,this game is bad. I really wanted it to be good but it is so damn hard and there is no hands on tutorial for people who have never played before. wasted 2 hours of my saturday and 20 dollars. i want my money back.
,Not Recommended,251060,9992896,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,brizkt,This game is such Bull♥♥♥♥♥♥!! It's impossible to beat the campaign and the computer during the skirmish just punches through like a paper bag.  There isn't a tank in the world that can take on an M1 Abrams or survive an airstrike from an A10.  Artillery is stupid inaccurate.  Last I checked US marines specialize in taking beaches that don't belong to them.  WHEN WILL A VIDEO GAME BE MADE THAT ACCURATELY PORTRAYS MILITARY STRATEGY AND TACTICS!!!!
76561198033658760,Not Recommended,251060,23117018,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dapper,"I like Wargame.Wargame is a conumndrum. I don't know anyone who enjoys it, yet we all enjoy it. I don't know anyone who is good at it, yet we are all good at it.You don't win or lose Wargame, you barely win Wargame or you REALLY lose Wargame, there is no such thing as a narrow defeat.That said, it is beautiful and frustrating, like a woman. Unlike a woman, never have I ever said, ""Honey, can you be more like the Netherlands for $6? But just Netherlands, no one else, I have only wanted you to look like the Netherlands. Places like India and Egypt? Iraq or Iran? No dear. A flat $6 for my Netherlands fetish.""Wait.Whatever."
76561197971040970,Not Recommended,251060,10029358,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,slowurrizzo,Worst Game Ever horrible game mechanics
76561198056010838,Not Recommended,251060,12444567,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Karter Blackpaw,"Trying to take a much more modernized redux on the old turn-based strategy game ""People's General"" from SSI in 1998; this RTS just sadly falls flat despite good visuals. If you're new to this series, you'll have a very hard time trying to figure out what to do since there's no official tutorial system in the game aside from reading large paragraphs of ""what to do"" in-game, and that's it. Nothing more, nothing less. It won't show you how the game works or offer any idea to somebody wanting to try this. Campaign's are too difficult due to false difficulties that even going against a ""Normal"" AI will seem like you're going against a ""Hard"" or ""Very Hard"" opponent. Then once in-game, if you were looking for a great actiony styled RTS where you can see the carnage and explosions from units moving about like what you saw in the trailers for this game, well you're not gonna get that. It's impossible to see any of the units in-game due to how you have to keep track of EVERY detail of EVERY unit as you zoom back to the moon in order to see what you need to command and manage. Granted this is a nice feature which is rare to find in many games. But overall having to babysit so many units across big maps give you zero chances to actually see your units or look cloesly at the battle. It is the equivelant of playing ""Axis and Allies"" the board game in real time with boxes moving about the screen to tell you the name of units. This is sad since the detail that was put into these units is quite impressive, especially when you have 15+ nations to choose and assort with. As for the menu system, good luck trying to find and set up a game with a friend. As for the menu side of things, you are REQUIRED to make an account for this game due to it being a 3rd party company. Yes this is a small annoyance, but then trying to add your friend after setting up these accounts is frustrating since the adding buttons don't work unless you open them in a specific way.  I enjoy most RTS's, like Command and Conquer, Total War, and others, but this one doesn't do it right with all these small problems. It was a nice try, but sometimes the most basic things of playing an RTS need to be shown better."
76561198035588451,Recommended,251060,14423407,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chrysalis of Borg,Margaret Thatcher Simulator.
76561197987239126,Not Recommended,251060,13560522,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Technospyder,"Boring, bad controls and just not fun."
76561198298396617,Not Recommended,251060,32870286,Posted: 27 June,all,boomsssboom,crap
76561198045700159,Not Recommended,251060,30307030,Posted: 3 March,all,CyrusIV,Too complicated and the tutorial is not well done.  I wish I had seen a demo of it before I bought it.
76561198089159537,Not Recommended,251060,23288782,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,dieselbadangel,totally disappointed
76561198043390152,Not Recommended,251060,33295451,Posted: 5 July,all,Uncle,Missä tekat? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥n tunarit.
76561198026428226,Not Recommended,251060,23319209,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ExterminateJuice,"Dont waste your time on red dragon its the only wargame you sghould avoid i have played and am slowly beating the other 2 wargames, and its very enjoyable you loose a few but you make progress. Red dragon there is no progress load it up and get crushed time and time again. Its a whole new scale of lets F@#$ the player. I have read some post that say the AI has constant view of your units regardless of if they have recon thats why they can artilary you from have way across the map and not have a single unit in sight of you, if that is true it destroys this game. If you like to hate life when your trying to have fun, if you like wasteing the little bit of time you do have to game pulling your hair out instead then red dragon is for you if not buy the other 2 are forget this was ever made. How ever the use of air and naval units really jumped."
,Not Recommended,251060,26755476,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Palora McWhine A Lot,"Even if you ignore the blatan lies on the features pages ( ""1,450 units that have been meticulously reproduced from their source!"" aahahahaha good joke) this series of games is ultimetly an unfun excercise in frustration as you are forced to constantly micro manage 20 or more utterly inept units or group of units only for your plans to come undone because of the constant luck involved (Did you just send a state of the art f-15 to engage a junk chinease copy of a junk russian plane, doesn't matter, he got lucky, your f-15 just missed with all of it's missiles and you lose your expensive plane).But hey, at least it's fun to waste minutes of your time trying to find the exact pixel that will send your useless units into the bush that will turn them invisible. (= sarcasm)"
76561198097346452,Not Recommended,251060,10309198,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,r2com,"A lot of parameters for PACT/NATO Armored vehicles or Air Units are equalized in order to make the game.... *♥♥♥♥ING BALANCED*Here is what the scum developers are saying on their page: ""1,450 units that have been meticulously reproduced from their source!"" - No! they have NOT been reproduced from their source, they have been reproduced from your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brain!Range/Parameters scaling is done COMPLETELY wrong if you compare it with real characteristics published in a sources. And it NEVER been fixed, No attention is currently given to this game either. I have spent enough time in this game to make such judgements.Developers, go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves with your balance! Go do ""Act of Aggression"" like♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's your specialty.Not gonna buy any more games from those lying pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197972466839,Not Recommended,251060,9870130,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,crackersmurf,"What a horrible game. They show you all this crap youre looking at. NO, this is not how the game is played. The ads for this game are completely FALSE. Personally just want my money back. Unfortunately they won't give me my money back. What a horrible game."
,Not Recommended,251060,14590139,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Cpt. Rogers [DFS],"The AI cheatsI think I made my statement.Also conciderably overpriced concidering all you can do just about it is do skirmishes, there's not much customizability to it....It's sad to see a game come this close to something interesting but just stop."
,Not Recommended,251060,24738986,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rartemass,"I have never played a Wargame game before. I was expecting a tutorial mission to advise how to play the game. No such thing. The ""Tutorial"" is text based, explains units and tactics but not how to actually use the interface. I spent 30 minutes trying to figure out what to do before searching the internet for help.I found a 200 page tutorial document. Reading just hte first coupld dozen pages made me realise I don't want to play this game. TO be any good you need ot know every unit in your army, what units counter them and what units they counter. With over 1000 unit types I really can't be bothered. If I need to study and research for hours just to play the game then I am out.I sort of figured out how to create units in a skirmish but by the time I had a few units to start seaching, the enemy sent a massive force against me and wiped them out at every turn. I had 2 units run into 8 enemies. I had about 10 total units and theirs were split into 3 groups of 6 to 10 each. This was the first battle on easy.If you want a complicated game that takes a 200 page fan made manual to even play then go right ahead. I'm moving onto a game that is actually fun from the moment you start playing."
76561198007833760,Not Recommended,251060,9903240,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,dexyp,TOO HARD AND NO PROPER TUTORIALWASTE OF MONEY
,Not Recommended,251060,12472794,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,iZaphod,"I dont think this game is done yet, WAY TOO MANY BUGS!!!!!!!!!!!!LOTS OF MEN ITEMs dont workunfinishedold game, with new caimpains..."
76561198016990645,Not Recommended,251060,29388103,Posted: 20 January,all,pricky8,"The graphics are great, the diversity of units is great, the maps are great.  However it is an awkard war game.  You are a general and have an Army of privates.  You will have to deploy a battalion of troops into the field but place each tank.  You are on your own General.  No officers, no NCOs, just you and the greenest boot private the military can offer.  You will have to place each tank just right to be concealed.  You will have to guide each plane on its sortie to include its evac so that it doesnt decide to fly over the heart of the enemy air defense.  There is a lot of potential that is for sure, but the game itself just kind feels flat.  The best part about it and the only part I play is the 10v10 and then you ahve to hope for a team that works together.  The multiplayer base is large enough to support game play most hours of the day.  Its not a horrible game, but it just feels like Arma for first person shooters, you know, you ahve to sling your rifle to look through the binos.  Typically we just lean the rifle against something and look, but hey, someone needed a job in the graphic department so they made that sequence."
76561198075372694,Not Recommended,251060,10079274,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,BDC,THIS GAME WILL TAKE YOU A LONG TIME TO GET GOOD AT IF YOU ARE NEW TO THIS TYPE OF GAME. ITS NOT LIKE OTHER RTS GAMES LIKE STRONGHOLD OR AGE OF MYTHOLOGY. THINK OF THIS GAME MORE LIKE CHESS  MOVING YOUR PEICES ACROSS THE BORD. BUT  MORE COMPLICATED. THE TUTORIAL DOIS NOT EXPLANE♥♥♥♥♥♥BECOUSE YOU HAVE TO READ IT LIKE ITS A BOARD GAME INSTRUTIONS. I THINK IT WOULD BE A OK GAME IF I HAD TIME TO LEARN HOW TO PLAY.BUT I DONT HAVE ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD TO DO SO.
,Not Recommended,251060,11908326,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Argentum,"Totally NATO Bias, Absolutely gayropean domination. Play European Escalation, play Airland Battle, but don't even mind to buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥even with 99% sale."
76561198131875548,Not Recommended,251060,30289923,Posted: 2 March,all,steve,I spent 26 hours. I didnt have fun so now I am uninstalling it. Thanks
76561198077886135,Not Recommended,251060,11285069,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,#BIGMISTAKE out now https://soun,"wargame airland battle updated and with ships. Don't get me wrong, this game is enjoyable. For the buyer who is looking to continue to play and buy the wargame franchise, this is a mild improvement. For the buyer who wants co-op campaign, there is none. But for the buyer who is looking for multiplayer action and not looking at the single player mode, then go to town."
,Not Recommended,251060,13295538,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,don-t,"Bought this game on Steam sale when it was 9€, and I'm regretting for that money. Can't imagine how I will be sad if I payed 39,99€, which is regular price.Buy this game ONLY if you played previous games.WHY?Because there is:NO tutorials?!Yes, there are some campaigns, but so HARD to understand what you suppose to do, not even one explanation?!Multiplayer/skirmish noob games against people... very rarely!If you plan to play skirmish against AI, trust me... they cheat SO HARD, so you can't learn even basics!Twitch... only few channels, online VERY RARELY!Some YouTube videosMaximum of 1000 players onlineetc...So, if you plan to spend 40€, prepare to lose at least 2 weeks on learning this game... on you own to figure it out.Game is great, but no support for newcomers!"
,Not Recommended,251060,14052277,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,#Trump2020,"This game is too overwhelming for a new player. Yes, they have tutorials but they don't help that much as they are only text tutorials. This game hurts my head! There should at least be a step by step in game tutorial for a game this complex, FFS. Yes, I haven't even spent an hour on this game but that should just emphasize how this game was able to make my head hurt in a very short time!EDIT: So I played this game for a few hours now and had some veteran teach me the basics. Still, the first campaign mission is just too damn hard! I would seriously not recommend this game to people that never played this game before. Don't waste your money on something that will just frustrate you. Spend your money elsewhere."
76561198133988885,Not Recommended,251060,19919249,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pvt. Smith [2nd RB],"Very unrealistic, tanks take 1 shot from an assault rife and they die, infantry don't shoot at anything and they think that Russia is the best country in the world."
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,251060,15808424,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"PSA: the autoresolve feature is completely broken and useless, even on easy.Using autoresolve or through battle, I couldnt even pass on the first stage of the easy campaing.  This game is clearly not for me, although I`ve been playing turn-based games since civ1 and rts games since AoE2:AoK and playing Total War games since Medieval (where the auto-resolve feature actually works, go figure!).Anyway, I uninstalled and dont intend to ever play this franchise again (I tried european escalation before and didnt liked it either)."
76561198110090108,Not Recommended,251060,30019143,Posted: 18 February,all,OG Kushner,So f*xin hard
76561198038611783,Not Recommended,251060,9874920,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,icantbelieve789,This game blows. Dont buy.
,Not Recommended,251060,25950092,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Blackout231,Probably one of the hardest RTS games i have ever played. Things happen extremely quickly and it always seems like the AI always has one up on you. Never played online but it would proably be more enjoyable than playing singleplayer. In my opinion do not buy any of the Wargame games.
76561198119788494,Not Recommended,251060,23648849,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,blackhawkfalled,"After 4  hours of gameplay and total failure, I find out that this game's mechanic is awesome, Every vehicle and infantry in this unit have its own combat status , weapon property, even ammo count.  And the battleground is all style: River, jungle, dessert, penninsula, air ground sea . Everything u can imagine in the real war clashes.But still, I DON'T recommend this game to a simple RTS fan, unless you have a lot of spare time to 'study'(yes, study) this game's logic.Again, I consider the game mechanic, the level design, the scene setup, are all perfect. Then why I don't recomment it ?All the problems come from the problematic tutorial.We need a much vivid, game like tutorial. Like by playing multiple rounds of simplified settings game. We can understand the game mechanic and the game setting better.But now, the developer just throw the vast game world in front of you directly. You can't even palse the game to read the tutorial while playing campaign. This makes the situation worse.After 4 hours trying and total defeat, I logout and delete the game. The game is great already. But it needs a much RTS-noob friendly campaign level tutorial or training level tutorial to help newbies to comprehend every game mechanic appeared in this game better."
76561198113349150,Not Recommended,251060,9893687,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,vickygregs,very hard game to play
,Not Recommended,251060,12539208,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,DS,"I've played a lot of Wargame and I like it. But I won't recommend this game to anyone, who has less than perfect internet. Ay every point, where any other game would just lag a bit - Wargame would disconnect you from the game. No option to reconnect. If your internet lags at least a bit once a while - don't even try it - you'd get a lot of disappointment over unexpected disconnects.I agree that connection problems come from my ISP and not really stable internet connection, but it happened so that currently I can't use anything better. My problem may be not the usual one, I agree to it as well, while most of connection problems are sort of 'loss of signal', mine are micro-disconnects of some sort (for a brief second connection icon changes to 'no connection').But at the same time - I play a lot of various multiplayer games - from MMOs to online shooters, strategies, etc and in no other game my problems lead to disconnects. To lags on my side - yes. In most other online games you can reconnect to game, if you manage to return within some given time. I don't get a countdown or something - I just play, then in the middle ofnot lagginggame I get a sign 'You were disconnected from the game' and I'm out, disconnected from Wargame's servers, etc, with connection that already works once more. If the game would wait at least for those 30 seconds and allowed me to reconnect somehow - I could be back in game. If game paid any effort to keep connection open (or whatever other games do, where I have lags instead of disconnects) - I would just give my gamemates a two or three second-long lag, before resuming playing.And, given that finding a group to play can take up to half an hour in Wargame and that game can last for an hour or more - I expect developers to try to prevent such disconnects. And what makes it worse - the fact that after disconnect you get a page that you've lost, despite of whatever efforts you put into playing, despite of how good was your team faring at the moment of disconnect - you've lost. For me it sort of ruins mood and makes the hour I've spent of Wargame (half an hour of waiting for group, plus some time of playing) sort of wasted. I understand that it was done to prevent people cheating with surrenders and disconnects and running away, when they see that after some victorious start their team starts to lose... But I'm NOT running away! Let me back into game and I'll fight to the end, whether it would be victorious or not!P.S. I still love Wargame and I'll keep trying to play it, but right now it brings me much more sadness than joy. :("
,Not Recommended,251060,19686266,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,zephyr,worst game i ever played in my life
76561197995804725,Not Recommended,251060,14259941,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ruitan,"Nothing like an imbalanced battle you have no chance of winning to just frustrate the hell out of you.First you try more big ships. It fails.Then you try more little ships. It fails.Then you try more airplanes, but the enemy can knock them down faster than you can. And their guns are also much better.What is the point of this game? If it's frustration well... mission accomplished!!!"
76561198022475922,Not Recommended,251060,34167943,Posted: 11 August,all,[KNORKE] Saul Goodman,"Verdammt schlechtes Spiel, die Kampanie macht gar keinen Spaß. Da hab ich im Durchschnitt 20 Kills zu Einen einzigen Verlust und die Ki kommt mit mehr und noch mehr und noch mehr Einheiten, Wtf?!!! Wo steckt denn da der Sinn hinter? An die alten Teile reicht dieses mit Abstand nicht heran und der neuste Titel ist sowieso ein total Flopp.."
76561198055154978,Not Recommended,251060,16977663,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Laughing Man,wtf did I just play?
,Not Recommended,251060,29696921,Posted: 4 February,all,Pathfinder Serza,"Do you like nonsense? Yes? Good! This is the game for you, with heavy armor having better visibility in a forest than dedicated recon infantry. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not."
76561198036447796,Not Recommended,251060,28173214,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Znoop,"This game still produces a lot of crash to desktops and has many balance issues, the naval warfare part of the game is very poor and not that balanced. Their DLC policy looks like they need to earn some $ to compensate for their failed game 'Act of Aggression'. Had a lot of fun with this game, but it's just broken. Be aware if you are going to buy this game, it can be a lot of fun to play with friends but it has technical and gameplay issues."
76561198013763328,Not Recommended,251060,23486917,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Pavel Hirys,No tutorial. No intuitive interface. Strange rules of the game.
,Not Recommended,251060,30316588,Posted: 4 March,all,Bigmonsterdog,Looks nothing like the screenshots
76561198252167538,Not Recommended,251060,23145280,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Bowness2,"I quite enjoy this game, it is very deep and engaging. However if you plan to play this game on a mac I cannot recomend it. The online section of the game is currently impossible to play during the online section of the game. This game has caused damage to my hard drive and has caused hours of pain trying to fix this. The single player part of the game is entertaining for so long. In this game is a disater on a mac."
76561198068191350,Not Recommended,251060,23105293,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Psycatron,Another franchise that simply doesnt know how to write LODS. Instead these game developers should be making pop up books.
,Recommended,251060,30042073,Posted: 19 February,all,deceased (on the inside),WOOO OOO / I'M INGESTING BUDDY HOLLY
76561198078773953,Not Recommended,251060,31641901,Posted: 9 May,all,hotspur59,"Not for me. This game should have been turn based, because at it stands it's a totally uncontrollable click fest. If you enjoy watching your tanks explode, and your choppers plummet to earth in flames all over the map without being able to even pause the game to give orders, then this might be for you.It reminds me of some of the worse RTS's when it comes to combat, the ones where you end up with a mass of exploding and killing which has vey little to do with your input - might as well just leave it to the ai for both sides. It's also a solely MP game and should not be adertised as an SP game. Not cheap either."
,Not Recommended,251060,30348701,Posted: 5 March,all,Renato,There is no dragons.
,Not Recommended,251060,32071167,Posted: 30 May,all,RelicLord,"A complex and management-heavy RTS that suffers from some of the worst balance issues I've ever seen in the genre. Weapon ranges and strength are all over the place, and not one of them makes sense. A T54 (Soviet, 1954) outranged and one-shot my Abrams (American, 1992), and I haven't played since."
76561197985467742,Not Recommended,251060,23378778,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,old^school,"Map 1 of the 'easy' mission. Numerically superior enemy troops pour out of their spawn, sparying your troops with gunfire and napalm before you can even get your troops into position.  After 5 hours in game, I still cant work out how to even get my troops out of their transport units, despite reading some of the very detailed 'guides' on the internet which  say they deploy automatically, they dont and the deploy button doesnt seem to do anything.Avoid."
76561198016564139,Not Recommended,251060,19875246,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lkol John,"Hard interface, boring and not a RTS at all"
,Not Recommended,251060,33645175,Posted: 18 July,all,"""In hoc signo vinces""",@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198052441152,Not Recommended,251060,14747915,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DayJob,"This game is unplayable, it has no tutorial and no control interface. It isn't even possible to get your troops onto the map let alone fight with them.It's a straight up scam and I can't believe it's even allowed on steam."
,Not Recommended,251060,30696048,Posted: 23 March,all,Iffy the Bothan Booty,A garbage game where you spend more time babysitting units and watching your units die pointlessly then actually enjoying the game. Tanks are usless and can't fight for s***! Aircraft can't see ten feet infront of their own faces even though they should be able to target s*** a few miles away with mavericks. Its fun watching things move around a map but I would rather watch things move around a map in cities or sim city. Far less infuriating!
76561197967331522,Not Recommended,251060,26238577,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,CalmLlama,"This is a really fun game, but paid DLC is stupid."
,Not Recommended,251060,34539025,Posted: 27 August,all,BigDaddyPain,Don't bother unless you want to spend a ton of time learning how to play on your own. Didn't like it at all.
76561197996080095,Not Recommended,251060,11282515,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,cliff1000000,"""The new reference in RTS at its best! ""This is not an RTS!!  Its a Turn based Strategy game.  The fancy graphics are nothing more than a selling point.If you like a complicated chess simulator this might be your thing.Me, I'm just glad I bought it 40% off!!"
76561198027980272,Not Recommended,251060,26371903,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,gutoue,"not good for chinese player. really slow network for china, even so I am using 100mb network"
76561198044486396,Not Recommended,251060,34329832,Posted: 18 August,all,Metebacsi,"Cons:- You have to watch the game from a height that the units are sized of a pixel. Zooming in to the point that you see something visually pleasing from the units will make that view totally impractical. Not much fun.- Reinforcements take ages to get to the front, there is no way that you can use them as a 'reaction' to the opponents tactics. Meaning that if you haven't placed the units that counter your opponents' units, it is almost certainly a loss for that battle.- Controlling the game is not straightforward as in other RTS games. It is overcomplicated for no benefit.- You have to deploy troops both on the strategic view and the combat view. Very odd behaviour.- The game itself is not fun. This is my personal opinion, you can fan-boy-cry a river about it, but still I didn't find this game fun at all.- Lastly the most important dealbreaker for me why I don't recommend this game is the totally misleading advert video shows action from close range that is totally impractical during the game, so you will rarely ever do it."
,Not Recommended,251060,20928189,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Derrick Shitkicker,"only fun if you have autismrequires the fast-paced stressful micromanagement of a  filthy c h i n k, with very little payoff"
76561198071764676,Not Recommended,251060,19244165,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Crobi,One of the worst RTS games you will ever play. Half the time you dont even know what is happening the only way to win is just spam tanks and airplanes. It requires a CD even though we are past 2007; You need to create an acount and if you forget the password or username you can never play the game ever again because you already used your CD key for the game and it wont let you use it again. Welcome to WARGAME
76561198036303851,Not Recommended,251060,30051713,Posted: 19 February,all,Dr. Pepper Est. 1885,Crashed in the middle of a game. Just playing this again after a while of never touching it. Going to stick to that.
,Not Recommended,251060,24043753,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,♛HotHam♛,bad game it starts with a language that i dont know and then i have to login and i have to type a code??????????/
,Not Recommended,251060,31326465,Posted: 23 April,all,[TPG] Boseno,"To people who played TABS,first,the camara is bad.Trying to spectate on a aircraft is hard.And rotating the camara is hard.Sorry for bad english."
76561198027223102,Not Recommended,251060,10098674,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Pitiko,Worthless ... absolutely.Total GarbageVideos hide the fact that this is a turn based game.Nothing you see in the video or pictures has anything to do with the game.A toal misrepresentation of the game.and who allowed them to add the tag RTS to this game? news flash: turn based means not real time !!!Who should I contact to get my money back?
76561198032035439,Not Recommended,251060,28321484,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Connor,"Great game, wonderful design...... xenophobic, anti-Semitic, and anti-homosexual community. Pretty much turn chat off unless you really want to talk to the alt right."
76561198034338290,Not Recommended,251060,28892895,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,xi.hubu,"CD KEY NEVER WORKED. STEAM REFUSES TO HELP, PAIN TO TRACK DOWN GAME PUBLISHER. WARNING STEAM WILL SELL YOU A BUNK CD KEY."
,Not Recommended,251060,35244782,Posted: 27 September,all,Hakali,iiiiits a little complicated
76561198190710127,Not Recommended,251060,30350152,Posted: 5 March,all,aubergine18,"Looks nothing like the screenshots - not even close, at least in singleplayer. Just an overview map with a bunch of battle groups that appear to be completely uncontrollable, with player and computer taking alternate turns. I've not yet found any sort of tutorial so I have literally no clue what I'm supposed to be doing.Until I can actually work out what the heck I'm supposed to be doing in this game, it's getting a big thumbs down!"
76561198055794781,Not Recommended,251060,30748299,Posted: 26 March,all,SEÑOR BUZZ BUZZ,Boring
,Not Recommended,251060,12507780,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,FXCarl,no sound when using G35 headphone ……
,Not Recommended,251060,14435559,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,SpaceBuddy,The tutorial for this game is terrible.
,Not Recommended,251060,23109007,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Putang Inang,Get set for another overpriced DLC about a military no one has heard of nor cares about.
76561198060773945,Not Recommended,251060,28852350,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Some dude (Rommel),I dont like this game even thogh i like rts games im glad i bought it on a steam sale the dlcs dont change any thing.i wold not care for it at all. the it took to long t for me 2 find combat and yet i wold play coh2 and get in to combat in 2 min or so i wold say other wise but only if it was more fast to get it combat
,Not Recommended,251060,12634512,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,PandaStratton,"community sucks in this game.... people cry when you play multiplayer not like the guides... its like OMG you arnt using the exact same thing as me the exact same way, you must be a noob... OMG you arnt camping like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ you must be a noob....unless you play with friends or only singleplayer I do not recommend playing... I would rather troll the OCD tryhards then actually play the game...♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198302995636,Not Recommended,251060,29157091,Posted: 9 January,all,i will stuff you in the crust,boring
76561198128951692,Not Recommended,251060,28087030,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NomadBear,"Im very happy i got this on sale because it wont even ♥♥♥♥ing work. I cant run the damn thing, cant connect to steam client every single time. i bet this game is pretty good, but ill never know. wish i could get a refund,"
76561198058719980,Not Recommended,251060,9897141,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Russo,"wargame sucks, all because their forum staff are classic french♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..Dear Eugen, you suck, your titles are no longer original, please sell your game engine to a company with some courage and capital to put out a fresh title."
,Not Recommended,251060,33613503,Posted: 17 July,all,Poetic Pariah,">Fun Multiplayer>Realistic tactics and strategy>Alright campaign, I guess.  Multiple scenarios to mess around with.>Mostly FreeLC.>Feel Like a Major Modern General>But no Cuba...NO CUBA MEANS BAD GAME!!!  GIVE US CUBA!!!  >:C"
,Not Recommended,251060,28351720,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Umku₺ - Insect Killer,Everyone is cheating. Enjoyable game bbut have cheating players .Bende diyorum neden kazanamıyorum bu adamlar nasıl çatır çutur yerimi bilerek oynuyorlar. Meğersem hile varmış. Adam benim taa basedeki 5 tane saklanan aracımı patlattı hepsindede on 2 den vurdu.
,Not Recommended,251060,23524401,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ma-san,The only Human Rights I know is the right way to cook humans!dont get this game. its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥m8
76561198048098140,Recommended,251060,9789156,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Emperor Palpatine,"It is a good successor to Airland battle, Great graphics and the choice of units for all nations is varied which adds more to what you can put into your decks. Who wouldn't want to play as North Korea I mean they are the best in the game."
76561197979353622,Not Recommended,251060,23178235,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,marine,"great graphical video, nithing like that in the game. just old school squares of troops movemnets. not even showing tanks or planes or anything else. tutoeial sucks. no battle videos or anything cool about this game. the very first attari games are better then this one. CRAP CRAP CRAP. DONT BUY THIS SCAM. HORRIBLE. I RATHER PLAY BLOCKS OR GEM BREAKER. HORRIBLE GAME."
76561198311581519,Not Recommended,251060,29701721,Posted: 4 February,all,Chemau,"Unfortunately, the game experience will you down. First, at all, the mechanics of the game are really difficult to handle, and the units come from Gullivers' land. They are tiny and there is no so much detail on them, so  I don't get why the user must waste time in analyzing what unit will fit best. Basically, this is a long-range combat game. The tactics are repetitive; therefore, the gameplay becomes boring."
76561198028045319,Not Recommended,251060,25908988,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,PanssariSammakko,Misleading marketing. Do not buy.
,Recommended,251060,25989751,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,the queen is a muslim,the goal of the game is to steal cd keys and teamkill as many units as possibleadd me if u wanna buy maphacks
76561198055019589,Not Recommended,251060,25857929,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,NonConsensualMedicine,"A completely unbalanced mess heavily favoring the Soviet Union and France with a huge bias against the United States and United Kingdom. Despite what people may tell you, this topic pops up several times in the Wargame Global Chat and has overwhelming evidence in the statistics and inventory to prove it, such as the US having a very empty and weak roster."
76561198072349092,Not Recommended,251060,14261140,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Blackbeard_teach,"The war game series are all hardthe Al can you beat any second  if you got distracted, your men can ran out of ammo if you don't have a truck nearby, and the Al happens to have an advantage of you every second.And even when i try to make it possible for a human to win by narrowing down their approach, well, you can't.Cause sometimes you have stingermen,but the enemy don't have air.Sometimes they have air and you don't have effective anti-air.and most of all, while you are anticipating their attack, they just mobilize every unit perfectly which is an impossible for a human to pay attention to every one of their units, let alone his own.Even the campaign,You know the campaign?The kind of match where it's supposed to teach you a bit about basics and all, soften up the enemy for ya, so you can get a hang of things?NOPE, HARDCORE Al that will hand your♥♥♥♥♥to you even when the difficulty says ""Easy""I don't know if I am a noob, but I certainly didn’t enjoy the gameplayBut overall, this game is for realistic PVP match, not an Al one"
76561198010698336,Not Recommended,251060,10593229,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,D_loaded,"IT SUCKS!!!! DO NOT BUY IT!!!! its WAY TO COMPLICAITED there wierd♥♥♥♥♥decks and ♥♥♥♥en complicaited♥♥♥♥♥♥and the controles suck and the battle is WAY too zommed out for any real action, its SUPER realilistic and not fun, I CANT EVEN FIGURE OUT HOW TO DEPLOY MY UNITS!!!!! This is a game for people who have no life and dont like action!!!! I WANTED COMPANY OF HEROS WITH A MODERN THEME WHEN I BOUGHT THIS, AND WHAT DID I GET? I $30 dollar KICK IN THE NUTS"
76561198038852677,Not Recommended,251060,25454135,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Silver,This game won't work on HP laptops becuse the game cant recognize the better video card
,Not Recommended,251060,18279480,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Hensley💦,If you are a europoor who wants to make your country seem more important than it actually is or will ever be. Then this game is for you.
76561198255614519,Not Recommended,251060,34829748,Posted: 8 September,all,smbest163,Terrible control experience. Can't believe this is a 21 centry game...
76561198006120253,Not Recommended,251060,25858543,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Vintage_Green,Broken unbalanced pile of garbage
,Not Recommended,251060,30468997,Posted: 12 March,all,I QUIT,Very hard for me. This is disgusting. And where is chinese languge?
76561198397341648,Not Recommended,251060,34850164,Posted: 9 September,all,Ngotuannam,I am very disappointed with this game. This is quite different as demo clip.
76561198120502082,Not Recommended,251060,22931843,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Jewfro,Not worth the money
76561198007627237,Not Recommended,251060,23110265,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rollax,SUCKS
76561198008113285,Not Recommended,251060,23110270,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,LordHH |LMC|,Pay to win DLC..
76561198036695625,Not Recommended,251060,23091415,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ingmarsan,lousy single player dead multiplayer
,Not Recommended,251060,9588029,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,WDI,"Ruse was innovative for its time, and the first Wargame (European Escalation) had glimpses of greatness despite its flaws. Back to the third installment Wargame: Red Dragon is just dull and dry. There are more thoughtful strategic games out there (even if they are less pretty) and more exciting tactical ones.I will revisit this review when this game is out of beta, hoping new maps and contents can shake things up."
76561198278209635,Not Recommended,251060,23108735,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,_i_ casanova _i_,suckkkkksssssssssssssssssss
,Not Recommended,251060,31044969,Posted: 9 April,all,Maddog,Sorry but no.
76561198162907710,Not Recommended,251060,23126087,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,tbonecadet1,can't get past the first battle impossible to win if you aren't a commander in the armed forces. Not worth the money
76561197975369634,Not Recommended,251060,34865042,Posted: 10 September,all,Rattlehead,"horrible game! I don't even understand how its for sale, there is nothing about it that is playable unless you have a damn degree in programing! don't waste your time! if you based this choice on playing something like command & conquer you'll be doing the same thing I am, getting a refund! normally $11.99 doesn't bother me losing it on a game but I can't figure this game out at all, and if a game requires that much thought and trouble, it isn't worth it!"
76561198095931649,Not Recommended,251060,25454787,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,maxfff,"Not a 'true' strategic game. Gameplay is primitive, battle looks silly, and graphics is a joke."
76561198025943804,Not Recommended,251060,34843698,Posted: 9 September,all,demonstrable,"Total f***ing crap. Tutorials don't even play. Providing reams of text and no actual playable tutorials is utterly useless. The actual game interface is unfathomable and not suited to those suckered in buying this sack of s**t by Steam's malignant mis-advertising.I've topped the download of the other titles in this series that came in the 'bundle' I stupidly purchased. A complete waste of hard drive space, and an expensive reminder of why I have avoided Steam in the past. Great for hardened and experienced gamers, but completely useless for those like me simply looking for some idle entertainment to pass the time. Avoid."
76561197964604644,Not Recommended,251060,23096263,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Panzerman105,"Bought all 3 games on sale prior to steam refund policy.  Tried to play but the game is overly complicated and I am unwilling to put in the time to learn it.  I even downloaded some online videos with guides on how to play but I found researching how to play a game kind of boring and gave up.Based on reviews it looked pretty cool, but unless you want to put in some effort to learn how to play, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198334121851,Not Recommended,251060,30542436,Posted: 16 March,all,miklos.erdos19,"Sorry, not my cup of tea. To much like a browser game. We have Face book if we want to play such games."
76561198114444759,Not Recommended,251060,9570196,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,I_N0_Sc0p3dJFK,Please insert the naval units and please make some offline battle just like the old wargame:Air Land battle
,Not Recommended,251060,23027789,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Regulator,I hate this game
,Recommended,251060,30409857,Posted: 9 March,all,Kempa ♥,This game has flankers.10/10
,Recommended,251060,30393507,Posted: 8 March,all,[19th] Shadey,"Steep learning curve if you're new to the Wargame series, but very enjoyable once you get the hang of it. Highly recommend to anyone who loves RTS games."
76561197994847399,Recommended,251060,10475664,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,RonJon,"Very good game. Had some flaws initially, but the game is overall better than the previous. You have more units, and more unit specialization."
,Recommended,251060,10478854,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Cobra Phantom,Its like a post-cold war orgy
76561198006948002,Recommended,251060,10468290,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Adster94,"Love it! All round a great game! A fitting sequel to the unbelievable sequel to Escalation: AirLand Battle. The only downside I have wit hthe game, is unbalanced navy combat. The PACT side has fantastic ships, and great planes - compared to the NATO, which have alright ships (but can't compete with PACT) and great planes.Definitely worth a purchase if you love strategy games!"
76561198057713314,Recommended,251060,10469242,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,RED_ARMY,u should be add unit from 2000 to 2014 becuase the real china army just rise at that time
,Recommended,251060,10470364,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Smug Loli#23124,"If you like strategy games and like a game with asymmetrical balance, this is a great one to play.  Some fun alt. history to go along with it as well, I'd definately reccommend it.  A lot of fun."
76561198055459204,Recommended,251060,10571809,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Brigadier Childs,Bloody marvelous game!
,Recommended,251060,10766373,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MorbiusStorm,Best strategy game of all time.
76561198055345603,Recommended,251060,10767103,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,westwood_shadow,"Complex, difficult, and a HELL A TON OF FUN!!! Just how i like my RTSs. This game features captures the spirit of RTS games and makes it into a beautiful way to express your tactical skills while dazzling you with beautiful fight scenes"
76561198008639759,Recommended,251060,10695431,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sNAKE xAVIER ss,"Great game , but really long and difficult learning curve"
76561198004205826,Recommended,251060,10795121,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,Good hours of fun !!!!! Highly recommended
76561198127625249,Recommended,251060,10799272,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,starchaser,"This game is a rather realistic RTS. All vehicles in-game are equiped and look like their real-word counter-parts.Also wargame 3 is a primarily multiplayer game with large community. Game devs update game frequently, I hope most balancing issues will be gone with release of first DLC."
76561198081808678,Recommended,251060,10598286,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FrostReaction,"Really good game if you like RTS games.Ive only owned it for a few short months,but those have been the best months.It is the first RTS game that ive played to have Naval RTS.it is just a overall great strategy and RTS game."
76561198084516588,Recommended,251060,10774584,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Canadian Knight,"This game is amazing with graphics, gameplay and content. You can be your favorite nations from the, well I would say Democratic side *Canada, U.S, Britain, Germany, South Korea, Japan and Austraila-New Zealand*, or the Communist side *Russia, East Germany, North Korea, Poland, Czech Republic and China*. And it had air battles, land and naval. There is nothing bad about this game!10/10"
,Recommended,251060,10730824,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pho3nix Gaming,Amazing game! The Mac Beta runs well with allmost no issues! Has a very good RTS interface and feels fluid in gameplay. Seriously just get it :D 10/10
76561198012388661,Recommended,251060,10682929,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dozee,"Steep Learnig curve,but very good game!"
,Recommended,251060,10691404,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JulianDelphi,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,251060,10760236,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bruins79,"Awesome game, time investment to learn how to play properly, worth it if you do."
,Recommended,251060,10756890,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ammosexual,"Great game, all in all. Can't complain, great graphics, amazing strategic warfare simulation, and pretty much everything else polished completely. I gotta say I'm dissapointed at the lack of dragons in this game. A little advice, if you're going to advertise a game about dragons, make sure you include dragons in the game. You can't fly a single dragon into battle in this game, a feature I was very much looking forward to. They should probably change the title to Wargame: People Shooting Each Other / NOW WITH BOATS. Other than that, 9/10, would play for multiple hours at a time."
76561198093896037,Recommended,251060,10389674,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,sls7124,"Seriously, the absolute best RTS tactial game out there.  It is not easy to learn, but once you do the game is wonderful. Very realistic, very unforgiving, very addicting.  Buy now!"
,Recommended,251060,10172463,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Diffusion9,"Awesome strategic RTS series, now with naval elements and a Total War-esque 'grand campaign.'"
76561198017696643,Recommended,251060,10172545,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,quetzalcoatl000,"Good game, it needs more big updates to fix alot of the gaphic issues, but overall its a good game that provides a good strategy game."
76561198017060232,Recommended,251060,10655799,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RubySadhu,"Beautiful game. If you are struggling to beat a campaign mission, here is a tip: take your time and take cover."
,Recommended,251060,10659037,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gandalf,"This is one of the best strategy games that i have ever played in a long time. The campaign is not the best but this game shines on the multiplayer. It's hard, it's cold and you have to carefuly think about your moves. Every unit has it's role, every unit has weakness and strenghts, everything is complex but at same time so simple to play.The community is good and stable, you can always find games and people to play. The only problem i thing this game has it's the "" leavers"". It happens quiet a lot during games, mostly in 10vs10, when one of the sides starts losing people start leaving , they rage quit a  lot when even losing they could still turn things around, there should be a system to punish those who leaver apart from not getting EXP.Still, very good game, it plays a little like ""world in conflict"" but with more deep and cruel senses."
76561198018503560,Recommended,251060,10661849,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BadJuju,A must buy if you like RTS!!!
76561198064434994,Recommended,251060,11050385,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Kloudwolf,"Wargame: Red Dragon, is for all intents and purposes, A step forward in the series with one foot, and a step back with the other. One of my favorite pieces from AirLand Battle, the Coop campaign, has been left out of this game. If you're looking for a fun strategy to play with your friends, get AirLand Battle before this game. That being said, the SP Campaign of this game is exemplary. From moving whole armies across a map, you get even more control by being able to create your own army from units. You can have a supply company supporting an infantry regiment and tank company, with a specialized unit of recon flying overhead. Buying strike planes to stick it to your enemy or fighters to cover your own skin, it's up to you. Every single unit you lose is lost for the rest of the war, so strategy and keeping your powerful tanks and expensive bombers alive is a must. What you lose one turn may be your downfall later.On another note, Wargame is known for two things: A game chat which has the maturity of the worst CoD players you can imagine, and people who instead of playing legitly, go for Artillery Spam and massing cheap tanks and rushing them at you. Those people are a horrible blemish on what is in my opinion one of the best strategy games ever. Multiplayer matches can net you a feeling of accomplishment by beating a tough opponent, and can also leave you wanting to toss your computer out the window.Overall, I give this game a firm reccomendation. I've played both games in the series before this, and can say that what lessons I've learned from all three games have made me a better player in Red Dragon. Right now the only thing I want from this game before the Devs move on to their next title is a Coop mode to play with my friends. But they already have my money, so I guess it's a moot point."
76561197972464843,Recommended,251060,11021496,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Dwight,"Wargame Red Dragon is a strategy simulation that is the closest approximation of modern combat I have ever seen. The game plays extremely well. It is possible for a weak deck played well to destroy an opponent with better weapons and weak tactics. I recently played a game where an opponent attacked down an avenue of approach and was slaughtered in about 10 seconds through a combination of concealed vehicles, entrenched infantry, and heavy bombers.The only dynamic criticism I have relate to realism.1. If you capture enemy supplies in real life you will only really be able to use the fuel and the food. Shells, ammunition, missiles, and vehicle repair parts are available in captured stockpiles unlike the real world.2.  In real live having an air force with 5 different types of aircraft is much more expensive then one type of aircraft. I would rather have a system that would allow you to  select a type of aircraft and then multiple configurations of that aircraft. It would add complexity though.3. Helicopters once called in with infantry are almost useless. Allow players to return them to base for a resource refund.4. If i have a deck that incorporates Light Armored Vehicles (LAVs) for most vehicle types then I should get a bonus on cost and availability because in real life it is a lot cheaper to maintain one type of vehicle then 5.These are really nitpicky issues. The only substantial issue I do have is that you have to be careful who you play. It is very easy to ""Stack the Deck"" in a multiplayer game. Some players with high win to loss ratios appear more skilled at picking the right team then actually playing the game. Not to disparrage the multitude of very skilled players in the community. Most can relate to getting stuck on an unbalanced team and getting crushed. It really isn't a lot of fun. But it is in keeping with Sung Tzu's strategies which advocate ""knowing your enemy and yourself and only fighting at the time and place of your choosing when conditions are favorable."" I guess this means that even the calibre of player in Wargame: Red Dragon is superior to that of other strategy games."
76561198064872919,Recommended,251060,11101807,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,BOT Brandon,great game hard if you start of new but when you get the hang of it its a buket of fun!
,Recommended,251060,11103254,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,xMCSx Sabotage,"This game is really beautiful. The units are pretty balanced as long as you play with a bigger country. The multiplayer games are usually always stacked so new players really don't have much of a chance or a means to learn. (to much trial by fire) The ai when facing them is more like tower defense, and could use some improvement. Overall I would say its not worth the money picking up if you are new to the series unless they drop the price down to 20$ The game itself is great, but the community is one of the worse I have seen, so many rage quitters often leaving you 1 vs 4 or more."
,Recommended,251060,10922810,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BlindingLightVR,"Impression first 10 mins in.OMG THIS GAME IS STUPID COMPLICATED WITH NO DECENT TUTORIAL!Graphics are awesome.Single Player Campaign is small.Signle Player AI is OPThe tutorial for the game is not even with an actual game going. It is just a page with pictures and text? Are we in 1980, who doesnt have the first level of any single player game teach you how to play through the first few missions?Will keep adding more as I go."
,Recommended,251060,10927944,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aeriaz,"Ehh its an intresting game, comming from CnC its really different and frankly as my first wargame i personally didnt like it, and there (to me atleast) isnt a very good way of explaining how to play in the game its self.But graphics are goodGame play (once i figured parts of it out) is smooth"
,Recommended,251060,29523832,Posted: 27 January,all,Such a lust for precious metal!,You can tell the devs are passionate about this game.The game received more content and balancing last year than the number of celebrities who dropped dead.Singleplayer skirmish is fun; I get rushed by waves of cheap tanks.Multiplayer is fun; I get rushed by waves of cheap tanks.I recommend catching some replays on YT because the in-game tutorial is just some text.I once had a buddy nearly deploy with just a command tank and FOB. It was a 10/10 experience.
,Not Recommended,251060,17203710,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Wesley Hills,if you ceep skandinavian group still add FINLAND IT SUPPOST TO BE THERE DUMBS
76561198078834499,Recommended,251060,17263909,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Juusto Höylä,"The game is great! Looks good and sounds good!But... It takes soooooooooooo long for you to figure out what the f*** your doing. I played the easy campaign's first battle and lost every time and finally won ( after 20 tries ). When you get the hang of it, it's way more fun."
76561197967649451,Recommended,251060,17274539,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,matt,"A decent RTS that can be unforgiving but very satisfying. AI is predictable but brutal enough to put you on the ropes every once in a while. Enemy T-80's will tear through your mechanized infantry and meager anti-vehicle support while you hope your air support arrives in time to break the advance.Every battle is predictable though  - The initial phase of a battle is a slug match where you hopefully match the enemy and come out on top. If you win, you quickly try to roll them over where their command vehicles are and cut off any air support. If you lose, you rely on support and hoping that you maybe concentrated the enemy for artillery/bombers to make a strong enough impact. You then regroup and counter attack, hoping the T-72's were stunned long enough to get in range.Naval battles are a solid meh. They add little strategy and involvment but are quite pretty."
,Recommended,251060,17275628,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Photon_Sharpedo_54,This game is of exellent quality little to no problems running the game. It is beutifully designed and a very well balanced game. There is virtually no problem at all and is very near perfect
,Recommended,251060,17108537,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,capitalistnorthkorea,cant win 1st batle11/10 would lose again
,Recommended,251060,16992245,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,404 name not found,NORTH KOREA BEST KOREA!
76561198012413951,Recommended,251060,11481475,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,★Frostdemon★,"I absolutely love this game, it reminds me of World in Conflict but with an even larger scale, and naval units you yourself control.  If you like RTS games this is probably one of the best I've got the opportunity to play, and highly I recommend it. Experience the Cold war the way it would have played out, and with a birds eye view no less!"
76561198132376726,Recommended,251060,11481781,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Clone1,"if you've played the previous installments, then don't hesitate in getting RD. ships and amphibious vehicles add another dimension to the game stretching the limits of both the game and your playing style. don't hesitate!"
,Recommended,251060,11482138,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,nicholaiginovaef18,"I've been playing Wargame since European Escalation, and it feels like every time they release a new Wargame, it's just better and better. And Red Dragon keeps it going. The new nations are a welcome addition, the naval combat and amphibious warfare adds an element I've been dying to see since they included marine units in AirLand Battle, and it's just better.If you've played any of the other ones and haven't picked this up, stop waiting and do it. It's money well spent."
,Recommended,251060,11482794,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Fumble,awsome
76561198062695920,Recommended,251060,10991179,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kilroys Son,This has to be my favorite RTS game I've played. P.S. I'm doing this for the achievement!!!
76561198039667199,Recommended,251060,10995771,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,luv child of hansolo and chewy,"super great game!!!if you can get over the steep learning curve, then you'll find this as good as any Total War or RTS game.the campaign is fun, but not as in-depth as a Total War Grand Campaign.the Multi-player is where it is at! 10 V 10 games are intense!!a must buy for any RTS player who wants something modern and realistic"
,Recommended,251060,10949744,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,civvy,great game wonder what will be the next wargame
76561198018340384,Recommended,251060,10950699,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,exilens,very got
,Recommended,251060,11138687,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,zterrans,"Admittedly, the naval combat is a bit simplistic (blob up and swarm), and the campaign still can't compare to European Escalation's, Red Dragon does add a new setting, a ton of new units, and gives you more options than before.  You can now actually use amphibious units, and the campaign actually has some structure now (though like airland battle it is still just a skirmish rather than having a pre-setup situation like in the first).  Its definately moving in the right direction, though it can use a few more patches of polish."
,Recommended,251060,10856239,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AegisWolf,"A must-have for anyone who loves RTS games. Incredibly diverse tactical options, beautiful graphics, and a healthy dose of authenticity. As games go, this is a work of art."
,Recommended,251060,10905877,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,InAUGral,A great addition to the Wargame series with another interesting element of warfare added. It is good to see a fresh new look for the game with a new asian setting.
76561198015453329,Recommended,251060,10916777,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DeceiveR  326,brilliant game one of the best ever strategic games  its not easy  but thats the fun part of it if it was easy then why do it all about the challenge
76561198097778142,Recommended,251060,10909830,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zimbiku,Hard to get going but once you understand its not bad.
76561198022101968,Recommended,251060,10911162,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Krazyc77,"Great game. Could use some tweaking for the naval aspects, but overall, still rather enjoyable."
,Recommended,251060,10911165,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,swntzu,It's well good.
76561198066912498,Recommended,251060,10915524,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ste.orso,THE BEST RTS MODERN WARFARE GAME I PLAYED - if u like this kind of game buy it -
,Recommended,251060,11298439,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,specnazkooo,best strategy game for long time :))
76561198042800675,Recommended,251060,11309412,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,"David, the Tuna King",Multiplayer is a very enjoyable.2 40minute games were gone in a blink of an eye.
,Recommended,251060,11252325,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,glitch*,"As a fan of the old Warhammer 40k Tabletop game, i have to say Wargame Red Dragon has a lot elements of this game. You create a army around a certain strategy, you try it out and see what works and what dosent. Than you repeat.If i compare it too other strategie games, it play out a lot slower. But thats a good thing. I lets you think about you moves. You got time to breath and keep your strategy straight.10 v 10 matches in Online Multiplayer are really fun. And i really dosent matter if you are a new player. You get carried by the others without destroying their game expierence. Which is great.I like this game."
,Recommended,251060,11252952,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Redlinedracer,"Great game! over 1400 DIFFRENT units! And HOURS of fun rolled into this game. Each and every match is diffrent! You can play up to 10 vs 10 (if you think you can handle it).Fairly realistic, massive battles, huge variety of units, very well built game!"
76561198073067957,Recommended,251060,11392235,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[LL]captainredz,its good
76561197985165955,Recommended,251060,11409213,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Knothead,"I didn't like this game.   Looked great, but learning how to play it took too much time.   It's now gathering dust."
76561198007590820,Recommended,251060,11393724,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,SPOTTSWOODE,This is the best god damn game I've ever seen Gary !!!
,Recommended,251060,11394252,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Olórin Wolong,This game is by far the best modern strategy game on the market.
76561198049423557,Recommended,251060,11394404,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Vladimir Putin,"This game is like a commander view of ARMA and is insanely addicting. It is not too hard to get into and always offers a challenge as you get better at the game. It just feels awesome calling in airstrikes to constantly blow up peoples armies and set things on fire, and with the free dlc, is kept fresh every time you play it."
76561198006776964,Recommended,251060,11396561,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,freeborn,This is the coolest game with all the acurate tanks and planes for the different contries and you can play skirmishes in 1980 or 1975Love this game
,Recommended,251060,11396745,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,PEENOOTZ,WORTH IT!GET IT!NAVY/GROUND/AIR unitsMUST GET!AWESOME11/10
76561198066288702,Recommended,251060,11399194,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,XxREDxZON3xX,This game is beautiful and amazing... The talent to this game is more than just mind over power you have to move faster than the oppenent think faster and all that and more!!!!
,Recommended,251060,11399201,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,lastcrusade101,"Got into this franchise in the very beginning; with EE preordered. Was not disappointed, and the sequels only improved, with no exceptions. RTS lovers should flock to this franchise, as I can hands down say Red Dragon is the BEST RTS on the market today (2130 PST July 24th, 2014)"
76561198095712274,Recommended,251060,11533825,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,[HbR] Crimson_void,really good but really difficult
,Recommended,251060,11542772,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,The Lord High Executioner,"Easily the best Real Time Tactics game on the market. I'll admit that naval battles are not quite as exciting, and land war still takes up the bulk of the action. But it is very awesome action."
,Recommended,251060,11514980,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,YO MAMA,THIS is a GREAT WARGAME...
76561198089682718,Recommended,251060,11515615,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Leggs99,This game is awsome
,Recommended,251060,11523733,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,haug,"This is the most amazing thing I've ever played, definitely in multiplayer RTS games, maybe overall."
,Recommended,251060,11424521,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,FightingFirst,Great RTS with the ability to control a vast amount of units. The online scene is active and good fun. The devs also a good at interacting with the community. Visuals are stunning and epic.Only bad point is that the naval side of things needs work as it doesnt have the enjoyment factor of the land combat (which makes up most of the game).All in all I would recommend this game in a heart beat.
76561198059465967,Recommended,251060,11431623,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Mr.butcher-IYOO,"great game.it's realistic depiction of morden warfare can only be matched for it's name, wargame.....except abscent of post war conflicts, nuclear or any other straregical weapons, and mines.long live for Eugen!"
76561197998296865,Recommended,251060,11444018,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,SlyKnight,Game is great epic great!
,Recommended,251060,11607637,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,BottlenekDolfin,"(like, 200 hours multiplayer or something) How do I describe this game? It's a slow paced, high learning curve, RTS. Unlike Starcraft where APM is the most important, out thinking and deceiving is the objective in this game. Playing defensively is often very effective as that most unit's have hard counters that are very effective at their job. ATGM easily kills tanks, Anti-air often easily kills aircraft and helicopters. Infantry can not be caught in the open.In short, this game is all about positioning. It's like real time chess and every unit you control is some aspect of rock/paper/scissors. Except there is a ton of stats and stuff to geek out on.TL;DR If you enjoy RTS and are willing to get through the learning curve, $40 will get you easily 200+ hours in muliplayer. This game is well worth the money. Also try to join a teamspeak group."
76561197996841358,Recommended,251060,11693989,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Insomnia,One of the best real battle games you can play.  I would highly recomend this.
76561198034200992,Recommended,251060,11694711,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,iiDRUMCOREii,"Personally, I can't recommend this game enough. It is exactly what I have been looking for in an RTS style game. Now I'm not saying that it's perfect. There are some issues with the navies and I feel there could have been a bit more there, but still very playable. If  you are willing to tough out the learning curve (and trust me, it can take awhile) and can micro-manage, you will love this game. You will loose a lot at the beginning if you haven't played any of the previous games, but it will feel amazing when that match where everything just works out comes around.In closing, this game would definitely be more fun with friends, but I don't really have any that play these types of games. Also, the graphics are awesome.TLDR: This game is hard and takes time to get good at, but I would definitely recommend it!"
76561197995141561,Recommended,251060,12172059,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,wadeeno,excellent game.
76561198029337208,Recommended,251060,11977552,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,tom.glen,"If there was a game that had this RTs battle mechanics, and the turnbased side of Total War, I would never leave my house. ♥♥♥♥ing recommended."
76561198057741521,Recommended,251060,11978900,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,desertfox151,Can be fun at times but the realism and AI are maddening. especially ship and plane based. Ships will just sit and spin on their axis trying to line up ASMs and planes have trouble making ground/helo based attack runs and flight paths are inconsistant
,Recommended,251060,11982223,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Squids have curves,"Wargame: AirLand Battle used to be my favorite RTS, now it has been dethroned by Red Dragon. Long live the Dragon!I only wish the naval part was a bit more fleshed out and on par with the air and land units, but heh, still a great game!"
76561198080770405,Recommended,251060,12038095,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Wildcard1718,Best RTS I ever played. Much better than COH/COH2
,Recommended,251060,12038335,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,A-Drain,Mazballs
76561197972169781,Recommended,251060,12028098,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Phase,"Great game.  While it's not super realistic, there is enough there that the gameplay is satisfying to both casual and hard-core wargamers.  The 3D graphics and effects are top notch if you prefer to zoom in and watch the action.  Frequent updates and Free DLCs with significant additions to the game are a credit to the dev team.  Highly recommended."
76561198119739041,Recommended,251060,12029546,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,mwleman,FU%$ING AWESOME!One of the greatest games I have ever played! best RTS game in the world!
76561197970636097,Recommended,251060,12029687,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,-X-,Great RTS fun!
76561198105403688,Recommended,251060,12029837,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,jack71170,Great strategey game for anyone who's into it. It may be pricy but it is worth it. Now they just need to add rail transport and larger naval ships.
76561198040667078,Recommended,251060,12033407,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Long Dong Silver,"t-72 is best tank, broseph stalin aprooves"
76561198095207564,Recommended,251060,12061162,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Husarz,"This is one of the best strategy game i ever played. Apart from the fact that it's very accurate I love how so many different units from different countries are represented, it's amazing.There's just a con, if you buy this game expect to lose part of your social life."
,Recommended,251060,12065614,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Kozy,"Well worth the price for me. Easy to grasp, generally not too stressful and quite fun."
,Recommended,251060,11265844,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,[SG] MagpulOperator,"Great RTS, Plays like a cross between Risk and a True RTS. Great Combo! Has alot of challenge aswell. Must have for RTS fans!"
76561197960863685,Recommended,251060,11268024,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Taxation without Representation,BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT in Asia.
76561198038934770,Recommended,251060,12141563,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Warhead2121,Its an average game that fails to innovate itself in anyway. The naval combat is broken and dull and the campaigns are boring. However if you haven't played any of the other wargames yet you should buy this one due to the fact that you will love it dearly until the developers make another sequel that ends up being more of the same.
76561197968544038,Recommended,251060,12146256,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,BrainySmurf,"A lot of potential here but ultimately the game doesn't deliver for a number of reasons. With games like this developers often have to compromise between gameplay balance and realism, Wargame seems to fail at both. Also, many of the concepts are totally non-intuitive, balance is not as great as it could be, and tactics that seem intuitive often fail. Accuracy is arbitrary and specific effects (like panic) are unrealistic and random. All that said with some balance patches and time I think this could be a great game. If one aspect is the doom of this game it has to be the ridiculous micromanagement. In a game that bills itself as a real strategic simulator, you will spend 90% of your time calling in fighters are precisely the right moment, telling your marines to move out of mortar fire, or you tanks to back up into cover while under fire. For me, that makes it essentially a babysitting simulator. Basic AI or a more robust command menu where you could issue conditional commands would let players actually sit back and think about tactics, unit compositions, and angles of attack, rather than telling a platoon leader to move out of the napalm."
76561198103952874,Recommended,251060,16592511,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,EURO6,Very fun
76561197978370274,Recommended,251060,16767405,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Shepard,This simply awesome! maybe ehh... dragon 2?10/10
76561198058743609,Recommended,251060,16819380,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,chazonkhueze,"i have never played wargame before, so being new to it was pretty incredible. If you like to play RTS or anything close this is the game. The only complaint I have is I wish they had more modern weaponry, Not saying they dont have any. I also wish they had legit airborne units in the game dropping out of c130s, but your stuck with only air assault(helicopter)."
,Recommended,251060,16821747,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,momo_yo,Nothing else like it!
76561197970221124,Recommended,251060,16065934,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The Doctor,Good
76561197983105124,Recommended,251060,16090942,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Extremophile Elite,This game is absolutely incredible.  What you can do in this game is pretty impressive.  The huge variety of units allows you to put together the perfect army.  The possibilities are endless.You almost need to have a great APM like in Starcraft and the controls are very intuitive.  Great detail on all of the maps.  I wish there were more land/navy maps but no complaints besides that.I cannot believe this game is not more popular.
76561198089124014,Recommended,251060,16029900,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Captony Gaming,"This game is quite fun. I like how you can get to control an army at your fingertips. However, I am i am interested in WWII games related to this. For example; the Men of War series, the Hearts of Iron series, and the first Company of Heroes. Maybe you guys should consider making a Wargame that is based off WWII. Another reason is the fact that you guys have already put WWII vehicles into your current games. Like the T-34/85, the Su-76,85,100,122, and 152, and the M24 (Chaffee). But for THIS game, it is quite an adventure."
76561198013431548,Recommended,251060,16034068,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Stretch Bumstrong,"Best strategy in a long time, could do with more mixed naval/land maps and a random map generator of some kind i think at this stage maps will be more useful then units.otherwise 10/10"
76561198034576149,Recommended,251060,16034077,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ass Ketchup,Great game but needs more maps. Gets boring cause there is no variety. Just add the maps from the las ttwo games and you have one great game! Please take this into consideration. From a die hard wargame fan that bought all your games PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD AND ALL THAT IS HOLY..... Add MAPS!!!
76561198018570960,Recommended,251060,16103010,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Stroggo,"One of the best RTS out there.I miss the coop multiplayer campaign, please bring it back.8/10 due to missing multiplayer campaign."
,Recommended,251060,15755818,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TomCruiseMissile,"excellent game, really challenging but it really is fun when you get to grips with the mechanics, i especially love how you can create custom decks suited to particular countries. i would recommend to anyone"
,Recommended,251060,24020997,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HEHE DX,Played 2 hours loved 2 hours10/10 ignTelling people they got memed in chat
,Not Recommended,251060,16800429,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Runite Drill,"It has a ""tutorial""."
,Recommended,251060,16575703,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GLUTEUS MAXIMUS,"Witouth doubt one of the best RTS games ever made!Not only does it have amazing graphics, but the maps are huge, there is no lag or bugs.There realy are thousands of units also making this one of the biggest RTS games, but the units are so detail, borth grapicaly and technicaly, there are statistics for everything.You can play as many different nations and the game is extremly realistic.Another realy positive thing is that this company is not like the others who release a non-complete game and then throws DLC's that barley ad any content at you, no here you get big DLC's FOR FREE!I Realy have nothing bad to say about this game, or well... the only bad thing is all the butthurt Americans that cant accept that other nations might have better units than they, but it's not the developers fault.But it short: Beutiful, Big, Realistic, BUY IT!"
76561198008603695,Recommended,251060,16691848,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,KillerZombie,"One of my all-time favourite RTS franchises, Red Dragon is the latest, most polished and well balanced (Naval excluded) iteration in the Wargame series. Delivering fast paced strategic and tactical action in a highly competitive multiplayer environment. Not your average rock-paper-scissors system of countering your opponent make for truly challenging and engaging game play.My only issue is with match making, the current lobby system tends to make for consistently unbalanced teams in multiplayer games."
76561198041158986,Recommended,251060,16653861,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,joe_ferrett,I love this game I doTurn the chat off though - no dawdling now - turn the chat box off on the main screen.That is all
76561198005288135,Recommended,251060,16656774,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"Hard to learn, harder to master. Best modern warfare / cold war RTS out there... but just for multiplayer, singleplayer isn't good and the community should get more guts to play games to the end, even if they lose..."
76561198155405149,Recommended,251060,16307384,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,wcohen1997,Great game but a significiant number of the maps in skirmish crash as soon as I start to play
,Recommended,251060,16370298,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,pas_6,This game is awesome
76561198140836375,Recommended,251060,16375395,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bomber Harris Do it Again,"I'm certain i would love this game and play it constantly... IF ITS TUTORIALS TOLD YOU ANYTHING!the controls are a little bit wonky compared to other RTS games and the tutorial is terrible, only explaining how things work and not once mentioning how the control scheme is. the game itself is good but the tutorial is terrible beyond belief and controls awkard"
,Recommended,251060,16284376,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,No.32_Fishin,All DLC is free. What else needs to be said?
,Recommended,251060,16398091,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gens,"I like how you can improve yourself as a player by reading an actual tactics manual. On that same note, its nice how you can apply real world tactics and concepts (maneuver warfare et. al.) to the game and actually execute them effectively. Its nice not having to build bases and research ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and build additional pylons or whatever, and having the game focus more on realistic logistics and strategy instead of typical RTS fair.tl;dr, 11/11 would slav with again."
76561198018768221,Recommended,251060,14769891,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,calvin,This game is the king oF THE MILITARY RTS . its almost like the creators of Arma and world in conflict had a love child. RIP World in conflict.  9/10 would have got a 10/10 but no dragons..
76561198105250990,Recommended,251060,17119372,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,SexualJohnMadden,Never has being wrecked by people better than you been so fun.
76561198043503114,Recommended,251060,17120675,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Fixter-Upper,"In short:- Brilliant number of new units and Nations with a distinct feel but with a shallower learning curve than previous titles.- Tons of new Air Units to play with, which look and function the best i've ever seen in RTS.- Dismal Naval combat, with massively unsatisfying, anarchic, high-loss encounters as standard.- Excellent campaign scenarios, with varying degrees of difficulty and historical backing (if like me you're a sucker for             that sort of thing :P ).- Multi-level battles that function well; new air elements and marine landings working well together.- Game results from battles still incredibly confusing on the strategic overview, with entire forces being destroyed despite in game performance that would seem to dictate otherwise.It's been apparent, even to the most unobservant of gamers, that the Wargame series has been becoming more and more complex as it evolves. First, starting off with ground combat, then introducing the AirLand Battle elements of Close Air Support and challenging you think more '4th Dimensionally!!!' but now it seems to have become a victim of this very formula. Simply put, if you want a good idea of the naval combat in Red Dragon, watch the very first gameplay trailer on the games page on Steam Store: it's unadulterated chaos and I find myself auto-resolving every naval encounter (which is really unsatisfying since the computer often screws it up even worse than I do and I feel like i'm cheating). This is a real shame, and while it may very well be true of naval combat in the 21st Century it leaves you with the distinctly unsatisfactory choice as a commander to sacrifice the bulk of your fleet to achieve victory in the short term, or just allow yourself to be destroyed. You rarely find yourself in a position of real numerical or technical superiority (which adds a welcome challenge) but this makes encounters overwhelmingly phyrric (and it may just be the rage talking but the Soviet/Communist Forces really do seem to have simply BETTER Naval Units) and i find myself feeling that instead of giving commands i'm just watching the calamity unfold.Whilst I may be a self confessed softie in RTS games who tries to preserve the lives of his pixelated troops (nearly put 'pixelated privates' there ahem...) even I have a ruthless streak that will sacrifice to achieve victory in a game like Red Dragon, which I love in spite of it's flaws. However, I balk at the level that it asks me to be ruthless in naval combat, as there's something distinctly phyrric about EVERY SINGLE BATTLE, which is really unsatisfying as a gamer. If you have the ruthlessness necessary to fight like the computer does in Red Dragon and will sacrifice Naval units with reckless abandon, then you'll do much better than me.But, if you discount the ship-to-ship combat of Red Dragon, the naval elements function very well indeed; be it with dozens of amphibious vehicles descending on a beach in Korea or Japan or having a fleet of monitors sit off the port you are trying to capture, giving the enemy forces an almighty pasting. But Red Dragon's real step forward is the massive influx of new units and factions, each worked out to the finest details. It can take some time to acclimatise to a new set of Nations, and they still only say the same lines in different languages, but it adds so many new units that your options in game are much richer. The F-117 is a new favourite of mine! Stealth bombers and waves of planes armed with a myriad of new weapons give you the options now that AirLand Battle have introduced you to the basics of Air Command and it works astoundingly well! Forces available are much larger than ever before as well, especially if you play as China or North Korea, whose cheap-as-chips approach to units can be great fun.Basically, it's brilliant! If you liked AirLand Battle and want extra challenge, new units and don't mind skipping the naval combat if you find it as irritating as me; then the newest installment is definitely for you!"
76561197969617590,Recommended,251060,18396927,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Hogge,"Wargame has an INSANE ammount of content. I can highly recommend this game for people with an interrest for history or cold war era military equipment. The inclusion of Sweden and Poland in the game are what initially brought me to the franchise, although the depth is what gave the game longevity for me.The negatives? Quite petty, really. Some units have the wrong camouflage and weapons (please give the Lansen anti-shipping missiles!), and the ships have no engine sounds."
,Recommended,251060,30280881,Posted: 2 March,all,Antonix,"1 of the best RTS's ever played, customize your military you wish to fight with. I know people just want a straight up answer, if that's now what you need somewhere else ^v . Enough said, the game is dope"
76561198035115548,Recommended,251060,18344179,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,therealpedro,"One of the best rts of our times. If you are looking for a realistic battelfield simulation, don't look further !"
76561198115461907,Recommended,251060,18327880,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Maw2812,"A cold war rts in asia, what could go wrong."
76561197989417187,Recommended,251060,19568764,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BISS,Best strategy game ever!
,Recommended,251060,19418354,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,hellcase.com R A R E 珍しい,"Its like air-land battles......The only difference is, I'm not just bombing 2nd world eastern European countries...I'm now bombing a 2nd world Asian country too....couldn't ask for anything better.100000/10 would carpet bomb poor people again."
76561197997127013,Recommended,251060,19443039,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Spartanz1170,"This game is a great example of RTS gameplay similar to the Total War and World in Conflict, no resource gathering just deploy units and go for it. However there is a great amount of risk and just as much for reward, in Wargame the more expensive the unit it will generally do better but losing it will cost you dearly if you do not maintain an adequete supply line. The same goes in reverse for more low cost units, the cheaper the unit the more crappy it is, but losing a cheap unit won't hurt you as much if you can keep up a reserve of troops to take their place.Micromanaging is key in this game, no not like Starcraft II Korean tier of micromanagement but rather you need to maintain a degree of spatial awareness. Grouping certain units to hotkeys is key to sucessful micromanaging as well knowing when to use these units among other things. To learn more about the gameplay mechanics and features try and look for the beginners guide to Wargame Red Dragon, be warned though it's 200 pages long so patience is key.TL;DR: IT'S A GOOD GAME, LEARN TO GITGUD, AND BE PATIENT, ESPECIALLY WITH THE PLAYERBASE."
,Recommended,251060,19535914,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,PancakePutin,Arma with a god-like perspective and no glitches.10/10 Artillery too op.
76561198072419410,Recommended,251060,19763436,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,"Bob, Emperor of Bobistan","I think most of the people complaining about too less realism or ""Wargame dropping the ball"" just played destruction mode.. this mode is crap.Play conquest instead!"
,Recommended,251060,19742645,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Because Why Not?,What can I say I payed 12$ for the game and I am already sitting on 200 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,251060,19695324,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,LucifeR,"Amazing gameplay. the learning curve is quite steep with this game compared to RTS games, but it's worth it in the end. This game has the potential to be really fun you manage to keep your interest and learn it."
76561198080825160,Recommended,251060,19751232,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Goose,Polish artillery is true artillery.
,Recommended,251060,17201127,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Nikolai Belinski,I LUV THIS <3
,Recommended,251060,16736756,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SnIpeR,"Although I've only spent 5 hours in this game, it is a solid strategy game with an epic scope that we haven't seen since Supreme Commander.The only problem is that I've yet to see a dragon."
76561198041079051,Recommended,251060,16772541,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,dudajeff,I highly recommend this game. It is so much fun!
,Recommended,251060,16776605,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Warlord 1,Its like Command & Conquer but with strategy and constant actionGreat Game
,Recommended,251060,16777575,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,HeliOS-,B U Y  I T
,Recommended,251060,16678572,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Capitalist Janitor,its a good game steap learning curve but ummm im still on it XD
76561198094150178,Recommended,251060,16711411,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Jalapeno Buisness,"TL;DROne of the best RTS games on the market8/10If your friend is in to RTS, recommend it to them!I started my wargame craze when I first picked up a copy of Wargame: Airland Battle. I loved almost everything about it. Almost. The problems were that the maps were all pretty much identical, it was restricted to land warfare, and there were some graphical bugs. So you have no idea how excited it made me when the first Wargame: Red Dragon trailer hit the internet. I saw boats and planes and boats fighting planes and naval landings and jungles and mountains and so much more it almost made my brain melt. As soon as I possibly could I bought myself a copy and I was blown away by how awesome it was.Since I already had a lot of experience in the previous games, I jumped right in to a big scale war. My land units were ready to rumble, the airplanes were being geared up in their hangars, and the ships were being ships. I thought that I would dominate like I did in Airland Battle. When the game started, huge, no, massive firefights broke out that looked so real it felt like I was there. I was mesmerised by the beauty of the action unfolding on my screen, however before I could even get a grip, my entire army had been reduced to a single squad of battered infantry, running for their lives across a mountain. Why, I thought to myself, could this happen? The answer is that the games are actually totally different, but in a good way. The terrain and new field-of-view adds a more tactical feel to the game, and the units have greater specialties. On top of that the maps are much more detailed and have different environments clustered together like they are in real life. Each of those aspects make Red Dragon surprisingly better than the previous game.In Airland Battle, you have your fields, your forests and your towns. That gets boring very quickly, so in Red Dragon, the developers added deserts and jungles and oceans and mountains and swamps and rivers and even more to make sure you are constantly gripped to your keyboard, maneuvering your army based on the specialties. Some people have told me that the water does not make a difference, but that can’t be farther from the truth. Now people can’t just camp out in forests near bridges and wipe out thousands of units, since some vehicles can cross rivers. And let me tell you; there is nothing more awesome than watching a fleet of landing craft have a massive beach landing while they are under constant fire from artillery.The graphics are one of the best new additions. Forests look more real, fire looks like fire (finally), the units look like real units, and the special effects are PURE AWESOME! I’m giving an official Techno Shark thumbs up to the developers for doing such a fantastic job on the graphics in this game. Even though the maps are so large, you can zoom in to a very close distance and it just keeps looking better.All in all, Wargame Red Dragon is undoubtedly one of the best real time strategy games in existence. From its stunning graphics to its badass combat, this is the perfect game for any RTS fan.8/10Recommend this to any friend who enjoys RTS gamesBuy it normal price or on sale.~Mfilms2000You can find more of our reviews on our curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/technosharkreviews"
76561198060448312,Recommended,251060,16713387,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Daniel Okker,"How i can get new CD key, because i want to open new account, anybody know how I can get new CD key"
76561198135392592,Recommended,251060,16942554,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,I am nothing,One of the best games I have ever played!
,Recommended,251060,17383906,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Adolf Jr.,I've been playing RTS my whole life and this is the best one since World in Conflict. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,251060,17386545,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,G0RGAK,"This is without doubt the best RTS ever made, the depth of gameplay is huge, with over 650 online battles I'm still learning new tactics and play styles. I have played RTS games since they were invented, and this is by far my favorite. I won't lie, there is a bit of learning involved and unless you are a really good RTS player, it will take you rougly 150+ battles to become good in online games."
76561198098597706,Recommended,251060,17360425,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,(D☢N) ℝIGOℝ 𝕄OℝT𝕀S,"Hate the new maps...well,most of them. But still a great RTS."
76561198047861161,Recommended,251060,18805814,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ROV,"Where is the nuke? Plz add some nuke missiles, nuke planes and some biological weapons! Maybe let us turn our enemies into zombies  using t-virus weapon as well!"
76561198190983754,Recommended,251060,18860129,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Panzer,Gg 100/10
76561198255026642,Recommended,251060,18889619,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TITAN,"Before you start playing this game i highly encourage you to read the 200 page guide,the learning is pretty steep but once you got the hang of it you'll get pretty much get addicted,do buy if your really into realistic RTS..."
,Recommended,251060,18885327,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SeanLee,"This game is very fun and intriguing, players new to the game may have some difficulty at the start but their skills will develop as they progress on playing the game"
,Recommended,251060,18946544,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CapnKittenSprinkles,Love this game. Think they should make a WWI and WWII one and need to add some things. Eugen Systems give me a call
,Recommended,251060,21447586,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cedjoe,Good strategy game :)
,Recommended,251060,21578550,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Super Jew,Very good for you military strategy lover.
76561198068752851,Recommended,251060,21622652,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Grande,"Don't read this, just buy the game"
76561198055600073,Recommended,251060,21659268,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SentientTuna,"This is one of the best RTS games I have played. The level of intricacy with each country is pretty amazing. For example, almost every country gets their own custom BTR and different modifications of it depending on the unit type. This is only one unit. This level of intricacy stretches across the entire game. There are at least 10 countries on Bluefor and around 10 on Redfor."
,Recommended,251060,21526361,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[MAGA]#TRUMP2016,.
76561198007237143,Recommended,251060,21477697,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,c784hatch,"Another must have in my collection, good AI and a firm favourite; add to this the good graphics that just make you want to napalm everything. If you like tactical warfare then this is the game for you, next they should consider a WW2 version which I am sure would be an instant hit. Downsides are few but the naval warefare side is limited and could do with a rethink and more variety."
76561198122470107,Recommended,251060,21551123,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,kennethsmt2002,"I wish the devs would lock you in abattle after it starts. People join multiplayer battles that are listed as noobs only and leave as soon as they lose an infantry unit, or dont like which direction your headed on the map. This is a great game though. I have played many war games, none of them can begin to compare to this. Awesome, well worth the price!"
76561197996079215,Recommended,251060,21548302,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Major.Pain,"One of the best RTS games available. Right up there with some of the best in the genre(COH, DOW, TA, SUP COM.)"
,Recommended,251060,21926805,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,risingblade_21,A military geek's wet dream.
76561198030884517,Recommended,251060,21868865,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,asaphx,OMG WowTop game
,Recommended,251060,22096060,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,This name is too long for chat,"good game, but ♥♥♥♥ ban-tank-♥♥♥♥♥♥s. They are the worst"
76561198097294870,Recommended,251060,22080053,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,easevw,good
76561198150591117,Recommended,251060,21939436,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Electromaster,"Apart from some questionable balancing acts (like♥♥♥♥♥♥AT weapons for US infantry, the Rafale, factions being propped up by gimmicky glass cannons,OTOMATIC master race, the multiplayer is sometimes enjoyable. Skill and tactics will usually win games though, not slightly better weaponry or APM.1v1 if you don't like your team quitting on you. 10v10 if you like artillery spam and cheese.But not a lot of improvement over airland battle. ship to ship combat is not enjoyable or balanced."
,Recommended,251060,22008265,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Steeps,"Definitely the best RTS released in 2014. Still playing it to this day (March 2016) and enjoying every bit of it!The developers are great, they are reponsive to feedback on the Eugen forums, they released free DLC packs, and involve the community in new content.Cannot wait to what they do with the series next."
76561198055502271,Recommended,251060,21972168,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,"Doctor Nefarious Maniacus, PhD.",">Start a new game>American Armored Deck ready to drive their US Patented boots up some Ivan♥♥♥♥♥>Game starts place one command vehicle in one zone. Massive tank column ready to roll.>Tanks push towards Russian line>Scout helicopter machine guns my command jeep. It explodes.>Game Over>Total battle time: 00:01:3610/10 ""You need more than one CV dumbass"""
76561198075745198,Recommended,251060,22100840,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Cocky Bastard,"Basically... U want good, realistic and funny RTS? Then meet Wargame: Red Dragon. U have multiple nations from all corners of the world... except Africa, South America and Middle-East. The qualities of this game R: U can never say U R the best, that U know everything about every unit - each map puts your unit into different situation and it's up to U how to handle it.The army U fight as U build it yourself - U must study every detail of unit to find the tactic U like. This game is totally worth the money - great 10v10 battles or small 1v1 skirmishes. Not mentioning the awesome campaigns (god, I h8 that word).In short: I love this game even after year of playing it (every day at least three games). And I'm always happy to sit down behind my desk after a day at school and play it for eternity..."
76561198046654016,Recommended,251060,15760118,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Rvbbit Carti,This game is a great RTS. I see explosions and missles and bullets and explosions and more missles and longer range missles and grenades and explosions and missles that are longer range than the last missle and unguided missles. They got it all in this game.
76561198087126341,Recommended,251060,21912605,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch,it good game lellellleeleleel
76561198030424653,Recommended,251060,21892231,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kodkod,A very conforming culmination for a great saga.  Would only wish there was a matchmaking system in place and multiplayer matches would start faster.
,Not Recommended,251060,20633342,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Artyom Donavich,Decent game as my hours played showed but is a really good case of an awesome idea that is poorly done. 6.5/10
76561197972520839,Recommended,251060,18666040,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,E. Madness,"No base building, all about manouver warfare, tonnes of options while building your army deck <--- this is why I'm so addicted to this awesome game."
76561198000424025,Recommended,251060,18730263,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Biddybam,"Best modern strategy game currently out. Not exactly in the same vein as World In Conflict, but those that enjoyed that game are sure to love this."
76561197963973496,Recommended,251060,18731812,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,[GA] Doops,Just awesome. If you loved the old World in Conflict awesomeness this game is for you!
76561198089724894,Recommended,251060,30583106,Posted: 17 March,all,Pink Goy,"There is a bit of a learning curve for new players but the more you play, the better the game getsP.s never be that one guy who spams Rocket Arty"
,Recommended,251060,18598061,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Nekololi,Soviet Union superb in this game! Must play
76561198033816229,Recommended,251060,18578043,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Godsmike,Most realistic tactical Rts i've ever played in my life.
,Recommended,251060,18685802,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TedRaketje,Really good RTS. Takes some time to learn.
76561198133707664,Recommended,251060,18806645,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,echodelta99,Excelent over the top military simulator. Incredible detail
,Recommended,251060,18212905,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,RushiDeSwag21,"Beautiful, Just beautiful. Very accurate with the army units, cultural, and had fun creating different types of decks."
76561198094027617,Recommended,251060,18214386,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Azathoth,wargasm
76561198154970571,Recommended,251060,18267613,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,LegendForLife,best strategy game ever! But very hard.
76561198157041296,Recommended,251060,18229272,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ggilles,Very good game for anyone taking the time to learn about it!
,Recommended,251060,18251034,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Douglas Haig,Bretty gud expect to spend lots of time in the armoury/deck creator though.
76561198127587680,Not Recommended,251060,14521087,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,rpayne88,"Even worse than AirLand battle.  The AI still relies on spam and rushes.  The AI still gets several times as many points as you have.  The AI is omnipotent.  Multi-ton tanks can drive up 90 degree slopes faster than I could climb them.  Naval combat (the ""big"" feautre of this game) is a blob-fest with no tactics whatsoever.  Your units still have absolutly no common sense.  Units move stupidly close to enemies when out of thier primary ammo (such as a helo that is out of ATGMs or an artillery piece that is out of long range shells) and promptly get killed (rather than staying put.)  Radar guided AA autocannos and IR missiles are unaffected by ECM (a plane's only defense aganst AA.)  Artillery firing from 20+KM is more accurate than a sniper rifle.  The deck system has been entirely f---ed up.  (I can only call in five cards of a unit catagory at a high price compared to ALB.)  Most units are entirely useless compared to thier alternatives.  This game is still micro-intensive.  Mountains (and all the rocks on them) no longer block LOS.  Open fields can sometimes block LOS.  The AI has an ""everything"" deck.  Where as we would have to choose either no bonus or  a bonus specific to a deck type, the AI can have an Armored, motorized, mechanized, airborne, marine, support, naval deck with all of the same bonus (and much higher unit avaliability) as you can with a specialized deck.Its every bad thing about ALB and then some.  I've only seen two improvements:AI now includes a varying unit composition with its spam (i.e. AA with its armor)There are a few hundred new units.This game is not even worth the $10 I paid for it while it was on sale, nevermind $40 if it was not.Edit: add naval to the list as well.  REDFOR is still OP.  Its even worse if you're playing against the AI.  The first mission in one of the campaign basically places you in a hopeless situation.  It seems like the ♥♥♥♥ers that built this don't understand a damn thing about ""balance."""
76561198059518038,Not Recommended,251060,17906297,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,weirdhuman,"Doesnt have a coop multiplayer campaign, so campaign can be overwhelming against AI. Campaigns are fun and unique but incredibly hard in most cases.(even busan pocket) Naval is okay but there's so few variety in the boats you can use. Just get airland battle, they are the same thing but with coop.5.5/10"
76561198064784969,Not Recommended,251060,18977076,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ahadicow,"Warning !!! Major ""steep"" ""impossible"" ""unworkable"" ""harsh"" learning curve aheadyou're going to buy this game with your hard-earned dollar?you will get into mulitplayer(becauas that's the only part worth buying), you won't understand recon/LOS/infantry/cover/artillery/anti air/SEAD/CV/supply/builidings/label/grouping/moving speed/game mode/point...... and you will get absolutely trashed with k/d somewhere around 1:10. then you would leave that game ruining it for your side. and then you would be trashed-talked, insulted, trolled and get your nation, your race, your mom talked about. the situation won't improve until you get somewhere around 100hrs into this game and understand how to ignore trolls and death threat.if any of those is not your thing, please do yourself and this game a favor by not purchasing it.otherwise, you know what to expect and please don't complain about how ""hostile"" this game's community is to you.GLHF"
76561198042505390,Recommended,251060,19090028,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Anzacsmart1,a very good stratergy game sort of like a macro arma 3 zeus but with less mods 8/10
76561197970736578,Recommended,251060,19048759,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Jason,If you like Hearthstone or Magic the gathering then this game is for you!Most of your time will be spent perfecting your decks and chatting with the friendly community.
76561198048525577,Not Recommended,251060,18881734,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[HCツ]aCtiVaTioN,Not good. Tried playing online once absolutely hated it.
76561198138938437,Recommended,251060,19033483,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,james19825,Still one of the best RTS games i have played buy and join the fun.
76561198131130416,Recommended,251060,18636545,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,jokerman870,One of the best games I have ever played
76561198157711022,Not Recommended,251060,18632059,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Menskii,I WANT A REFUND> LATEST UPDATE MADE IT UNPLAYABLE ON STEAM ON MAC> WTF
76561198077655810,Recommended,251060,18634443,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kitakami-senpai,"Easy* enough to get into, hard as ♥♥♥♥ to get even remotely good.The community is so far the best I have encountered in any game with online features ever exept for Victoria. Calls to git gud, uninstall and kill myself have been few and far between. Multiplayer consists of people spamming arty, from what I got from the 2 games I played, at least.I've played 16 hours of mostly skirmish mode as the JSDF and some campaign and I still have no f-ing idea of how to not get rekt by the slavs spamming tonks. Pls help.I have to say I LOVE the models. The Type 90 is so beautiful it makes baby Jesus weep tears of joy. The A-10 brings the BRRRRRRRRT like a ballet dancer performing a deadly dance in the sky. The JSDF Rangers (My favorite unit so far) give me a raging stiffy every time I zoom in on them.Playing on ultra makes my laptop, with 12GB of RAM, a 2.10 GHz AMD A-10 5745 APU processor and an AMD Radeon HD 8610G and R7 M260 chug, weep and heat up like a goddamn oven. I had to buy an external fan and have to play with the AC at 50F so it doesn't melt. I guess it's to be expected.Overall it's really good. I like it a lot. I'll keep playing it until the next one comes out, and then play that one.*If you can into logistics and combined arms operations."
76561198019151392,Recommended,251060,18850434,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,illuma,very fun but very strategic play skirmish tell you feel confiedent enough to play online people are really good
76561198132847063,Recommended,251060,18934754,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,tsmithreg,"One of the best RTS games. A staggering amount of units to choose from and a realistic gameplay. A couple of well-placed and supported units will defeat wave after wave of disorganized attacks. The campaigns are satisfying but nothing special though. Most people will say that this is a strictly multiplayer game and skirmish is garbage but I always enjoy the skirmish matches. I suppose if one gets more than 500 hrs of multiplayer matches the skirmish will seem a bit dull, however I don't think everyone is on that page.The game is a very good choice if you like realism, tactical combat and RTS games. It also reminded me a bit of the old close combat series with the terrain importance, the detailed ammunition and morale tracking and the names of individual soldiers."
76561198074324511,Recommended,251060,18935258,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ArrangedTuba292,"The shear amount of eqiupment available to a player and his allys is ammazing the detail is unbelievable and the fun is endless! Naval fights, airial combat, ground combat and ARTYYYYYYYYYYY is all implimented in this fantastic game with a few dinamic campaigns that trully challenge a strategist to his/her limits, skirmish game modes for killing Ai's on large scale maps and fun multiplayer. There is no unlocking units you own them all at the beggining u just have to outfit your battalion (deck) with your choice of units from a ton of countries! This game is 10/10 will play for years to come."
,Recommended,251060,18940426,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Barcel,"Ever played World in Conflict? Imagine YOU can control air support, naval support and logistic support.No nukes though ;_;"
76561198053929906,Recommended,251060,18943667,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Osama Blink Dagger,If you don't mind casual racism and extreme political beliefs in your chat this game offers a great and pretty unique multiplayer RTS experience.
76561198053043728,Recommended,251060,19017758,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Mike757,I've played this game from time to time. I like it.
76561198003262407,Recommended,251060,19299672,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,8 JAM,when all else falls just surrender
76561198022183485,Recommended,251060,18979427,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Mistyfur,10 Motostrelki/10 Would B-5 again
76561198022227580,Recommended,251060,19273597,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,icyaj,"Wargame Red Dragon is THE BEST COLD WAR strategy game out! With realistic units and weaponary dating from the 1960s to the 1990s, this game is perfect for the wannabe commander. Compared to the predecessors Red Dragon includes the sea front (Would highly recommend recreating another D-Day with US marines!) and many more units to play with. There are also many more countries to choose from (both on NATO and PACT (Russian and her allies)). In additon, Red Dragon includes coalitions such as the Commonwealth which helps create more dynamic and interesting decks.However, This game is not your average casual game as to win battles and succeed requires alot of strategical thinking. An example of this was when my Elite SAS where on the front line wrecking russian troops causing havoc. Unfortunately, I forgot about logistics.... bad mistake, my men got overrun due to lack of ammo and my front began to crumble. A simple supply chinook was the difference between victory and defeat!I highly recommend atleast once particapating in the massive 10 vs 10 games with huge maps. The campaigns are interesting and imitate a what if senario such as, 'what if Britain refused to hand over Hong Kong back to the Chinese'. Moreover, campaigns are dynamic and long. They can also be played defensively or offensively as well as chosing what reinforcements to bring to the campaign.Rate 10/10! Would BUY again XD!"
76561198173174119,Recommended,251060,19320349,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,oliver101,this game is a brilliant strategy game. highly suggest it.
,Recommended,251060,19333730,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Skyline,"Wargame Red Dragon is for a certain type of person. Its not for the instant gratification brigade, you won´t get points for getting out of bed, and nothing comes easy.I should say that although the majority of wargame players play it for the Multiplayer, I would recommend this game wholeheartedly even just for the single player. If you crave PvP reking scrubs erry day then no, single player against the AI probably isnt for you. But for certain type of people its nice to watch a cold war gone hot unfold.The graphics are wonderful, with the little numbers popping up upon a kill one of the most satisfying things. Especially when you land a 1000lb bomb on top of a group of unarmoured soft targets! A little sea of red numbers rises out of the mess.Units wise, theres just about everything you would need or want, and you can customise for hours. I´d say knowledge of real world weapons systems is a plus, but not an absolute necessity. Yes, the cliche is that you have to be a cold war/military nerd but thats just not true. The unit variety just adds more depth and possibility for play styles.Although I've tried the MP a few times, its not for me as pubstomping is absolutely rife and the server options and general MP UI is not helpful in avoiding pubstomping and/or finding yourself a good game. The playerbase is diminishing also because of this, I believe. If Eugen were to add a matchmaking system.......Overall, 8/10 from me. A great time killer, will age well, and is good fun. It may teach you a thing or two about military hardware/tactics, and if you're that type of person, will give you hyper-competitive PvP action too.Underrated, solid game."
,Recommended,251060,13955171,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,stoc911,"After almost 200 hours of playing, often I still get owned by Easy AI...........but I love it anyway!!!PRO:- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic variety of unity- challenging campaigns- epic soundtrack, including the ones from the previous games (even if there are very few tracks)- perfect bridge traffic jam simulatorCONS:- naval combat has to be refined- Best Korea can be easily owned by a scandinavian deck"
,Recommended,251060,14072239,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,StainlessSteelRat,"I love the concept. of course. It's sort of like Operation Flashpoint: The RTS. The thing I HATE HATE HATE is when playing the AI and you've wiped them out the command unit scuttles around like a freaking mouse...making it near impossible to win a map in campaign mode. The variety of units and the historical accuracy makes it worth the while, even if the AI is a cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.TL;DR: How can one Command UAZ/BMP left scuttle the whole victory?!"
,Recommended,251060,14151729,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Darmody,Badass RTS with the same insane attention to detail exhibited in AirLand Battle and European Escalation. Quite a wonderful time.
76561198087485926,Recommended,251060,14154725,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Garuda,Best non-base building strategy game I've ever played 9/10
76561198041231199,Recommended,251060,14136804,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[FALC] Riley,Love this game but they could have done alot more with the navy. anyways i recomend this game its alot of fun and after 875.1 hours i can't complain at all.
,Recommended,251060,14139195,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ozzi,"Where do I start, I'm lathering myself with this game. Haven't no use for boats yet. I love the fact it's an RTS that I don't win 100% of the time! I get so much satisfaction off of knowing i can lose! Unlike SupCom2 where 6 cheating ai where not a challenge and neither were 6 players :(. But this is just a god gift from heaven. Blufor!!!! Opfor!!!! Wait it's Redfor. I don't know why but that isn't important. Buy it, only if you like RTS and having to watch every damn direction. 360. It's also fun to go in and zoom on one particular unit and watch. From the blobs of death to spams of units all of it is worth every penny and every minute."
76561197962763576,Recommended,251060,13442918,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Malaysianshrew,Realistic RTS game with no base building and very little microing. A relief after cursing at where my volksgrenediers decided to sit in Company of Heroes.
,Recommended,251060,13582188,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Weekly Wafflepiezz,You thought Wargame: European Escalation was hard? LOL THIS IS GOING TO MAKE YOU THROW AWAY YOUR COMPUTER!
76561198083004008,Recommended,251060,15845196,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sodomized By Bears,Pros-Lots of supply trucksCons-Not as many transport trucks as in previous titles
76561197979279250,Recommended,251060,15848314,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Blood.at,One of the best strategy games i have ever played!
76561198012822254,Recommended,251060,16222119,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DonutKing,"Best realistic RTS out there, would debate USA hegemony in global chat anytime 10/10"
,Recommended,251060,16825875,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,DamNed,"The RTS at its best, with no doubt.Outstanding game for those who like RTS with realism pieces in it.We're talking here about""simulation like""RTS.Sudden Strike was my previous reference (yeah, kinda old, but still awesome), Wargame became the new one.Amazing amount of units, strategical possibilities, play style etc...Campain is great, a perfect way to learn the game, and then comes multiplayer (from 1v1 to 10v10).There you build your own ""deck"" with gorgeous possibilities.- Country: choose a single country (with unique country units) or a coalition (without them)- Type: Armored, Naval, Mechanized, Paratroopers, Support etc... Involving a lot of different ways to fight on the battleground, and units bonus and/or restriction.- Units slot limited: design your own force carefully, according to your play style.- Experience: the more experienced the unit, the less avaible they are. Wisdom and strategy my friend...Boats, planes, choppers, tanks, shock troops... every unit is designed for a task, and it's your role to make them efficient on the battlefield.The lonely questions you have to keep in mind are :Did you like Sudden Strike and Blitzkrieg or even Arma type of game ?Are you searching for a realistic RTS ?You want to play with your homeland army, from Sweden to France and from Russia to Poland ?Searching for a clever and talented dev team who listen to the community and free DLC with it ?Then, you have no choice my friend, this game is a freakin' MUST HAVE."
76561198039402985,Recommended,251060,16829775,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ark-07,"Remember those moments as kid when you would play with toy soliders,tanks,aa,helicopters,jets and battleships? Well this brings to life those moments. Truthfully this game is hard to learn but once you do its so rewarding with over 1500+ units to choose from. Make your own personal collection for battles ingame. Its not like starcraft or command and conquer its more complex unlike command and conquer, in reality your blob of units would get bombed by the enemy in real life and this game also. Wanna play a realistic rts without the fps of battlfield or cod for kids? This is the game for you and I say this next.... With a vast experience of console games and pc games over 20years....This is game is by far the most underrated game Ive ever played it should have triple aaa recognition and hype. One of those gems that's missed in the endless junk of games we get today. Its 9 out of 10 for me and the only issue is that naval combat needs further tuning, thankfully we are far from the end of this title and those to follow it."
76561198020093023,Recommended,251060,16485573,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,suchamoneypit,"The navy in this game was put out as this great thing that really changes the game series. In my opinion, it was very cool and very well done, but I rarely find myself or my opponents using it as regular land units are better. This game is the definition of an RTS, but be warned, it does require some skill to not lose in MP constantly and casual players will not enjoy that."
,Recommended,251060,16547362,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BaoBaoBaoBab,"Trying to find the motivation to take a crack at this game because it feels like reading through a dictionary. Even though I've only lost games against easy AI, it's a pretty interesting RTS."
,Recommended,251060,17949192,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sicero,One of the best real RTS games with realistic units i've ever played.
,Recommended,251060,17961129,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Callsign Nazran,"Wargame: airland battle Red Dragon, defines Real Time Strategy. the combination of ground, air and naval is just blissful to any RTS fan. larger maps will seriously test your skills in all ways. There are things that could work really well with this, but everything has its limits and red dragon is well over enough to satisfy anyone. if you want a modern RTS, well here it is."
,Recommended,251060,17999170,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Richou~,are you the kind of person that needs 20+ mods to have at least 50 playable sides in a RTS?? buy this game you will need not a single one
,Recommended,251060,15258813,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,The new Wave,7/10 needs more maps
,Recommended,251060,18019236,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,OnyxRose,Ehhh...
76561198011275102,Recommended,251060,18039437,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,wolfphilosopher,"Best RTS ever made; good balance of realism and fun-- the only RTS I've played for more than a few weeks. No economy or bases (at least not in the traditional sense); it's really about intelligence application of combat power. Somewhat micro-heavy, but not APM-your-way-to-victory RTS. Steep learning curve, but very intuitive once the fundamentals are learned (note, there is no substantive tutorial for some unfathomable reason). No shortage of unit variety. Excellent multiplayer, although the community is significantly smaller than those of other RTS games. Somewhat frustrating matchmaking system (or, perhaps, lack thereof). Really rewards teamplay.Get this game if you are a fan of military history / tactics, the Cold War, or non-traditional RTS games."
,Recommended,251060,18050841,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Dogberry,"If you're looking for a realistic RST game, look no further. Hands down best RST game out there in the market other than Men of War series. Play with you're friends in a 1v1 duel all the way up to 10v10! This game requires ALOT of micro management and knowledge of the units and their capabilities and the decks that you make with certain countries. Not for the faint of heart RTS players. Its less harder than StarCraft, but more complex than you're run of the mill RTS game. Infantry, APC's, IFV's, Tanks, Jets, Ships, anit-air, MANPADS, ATGM infantry, AGTM vehicles, the whole deal. In this installment it focus's on the 1980's early 90's era in Asia. It comes complete with a campaign and multiplayer along with bot battles to test out decks or to test you're skills against. Highly recommend."
76561198097013940,Recommended,251060,20325758,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Duffman,defo the most under rated game on steam...the ONLY thing this game lacks is a community large enough to make a matchmaking system :(
76561198031777870,Recommended,251060,18081964,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Terry,Very good game.There's just one thing - absolutely unrealistic behaviour of infantry in towns. They do somehow teleport between adjanced squares and many players use this to their advantage.Also some units are out of balance and are used notoriously producing somewhat repetitive multiplayer experience.But there many pros to this few cons.
76561198085354976,Recommended,251060,18051585,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,TheRealHobo,"This is a great tactial simulator, the realisim is great and unlike many other games you cant win just by spamming units. Each unit has a pourpose and a counter. If you are willing to put the time in the level of satasification as you improve and progress through the game is immense. The immersivness of the game play the depth of units and the addition of naval combat makes this one of the best tactical simulators on the market. Truely an underrated game. I recomend you get it today and then take a week off work because you will be hooked!"
76561198119798643,Recommended,251060,17399156,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,MiniHammMN,"Difficult to master but a rewarding experience none the less, great game with solid mechanics. Personally i hope they add more units to the naval section soon!"
76561198206054705,Recommended,251060,17685587,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,deathhammer75,"I throughly enjoy this game. The game does have spam and other issues, but what game doesn't. As a fan of this style of rts, and a player of the previous games, this is a great improvement and Eugen still supports with free DLC's. try that with other games."
76561198039113878,Recommended,251060,17687108,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,mongo1437,I'm fairly addicted to this game. It's great!
76561198168837410,Recommended,251060,17643803,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,GetSomeBaby,Best rts on the market!avoid the chairborne rangers in wargame chat an you'll have a good time
76561197990546446,Recommended,251060,14900850,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,strigoii_mortii,"+ it´s Wargame!+ you will die a lot, yeah!+ 1700+ units? yeah, yeah!- poor naval battles- absence of map editor- no additional maps to download- personally I found Airland Battle maps more enjoyable- for unknown reason very minor modding communityNot as decent as Airland Battle (doesn´t mean RD is bad at all), the Red Dragon still offers a very intensive firefights and hardcore battles as well. Get ready for being destroyed over and over...If you like hardcore strategies, a must have ;)"
76561198126029772,Recommended,251060,17757062,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Ares,yes
,Recommended,251060,16967583,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,clubasquirrel,"WarGame: Red Dragon - You Command Armies, Large, Small, Good, Bad, But when your Fighting a Russian Arty Spammer, Even the Best Nato Armies Get Destroyed!"
,Recommended,251060,16067531,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The Quenchiest,"This realistic RTS is pretty much the only solid modern day-ish option on the market, and it does not disapoint. Its steep learning curve may scare away newbies, but the layers of strategy from deciding what units to bring and where to place them is both challenging and a blast. The community is odd to say the least, but find some friends to gang up with and you will have yourself a deep and strategic RTS. 8/10"
76561198016296785,Recommended,251060,16973657,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Garensterz,"If you love top down strategy games, then this game is definitely for you."
76561198009166493,Recommended,251060,11581974,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,general.45,"Dont buy games based on the trailer.  trailer made it look like a 'world in conflict-esque' RTS with unit ability micro-managing and excellent graphics.  What the game is is a horrible virtual chess type where every unit has a counter that will beat the crap out of it if implemented at the right time, and the best strategy isnt about fielding your best units and using thier strengths, its mostly about seeing what the other guy brought, and knowing what exact unit type will counter that.  If you get hard ons by knowing what type of AK74 variant performs best against m16 squads, and only care about graphics as much as seeing icons move about a map that is zoomed out so far you think the space station might cross the field of view, go ahead and get it.  I would rather see an artillery strike reduce a tank division to flaming hulks than feel a smug sense of satisfaction as whatever obsolete chinese missile system i smartly clicked on 5 minutes ago manages to chase off a group of skiddish helos."
76561198008930813,Recommended,251060,11584842,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,[SHARX] Hammerhead Shark,North Korea best Korea
76561198082424593,Recommended,251060,11970510,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,s0v3r13gn,Awesome!
76561198025869749,Recommended,251060,11971917,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Slavk1ng,"great game epic battles takes the bad out of commandign while leaving the good, the weapons and technology of the area are the most realistic ive ever played for this genre it also has large scale. so 10/10"
76561198078368484,Recommended,251060,11971967,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,LukeTerrance,The biggest flaw of this game is its tutorial if they made a level in which you could play and learn it would be perfect.7/10 For the complex enjoyment to understand this games wow factor playing it would be for the best adding most war enthusiasts should enjoy this game.
,Recommended,251060,11972481,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Iron Wizard,IS GUD.
76561198066179381,Recommended,251060,11973837,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Lazyhow (Snek),"Very terrific game, must have for military and RTS fans."
,Recommended,251060,11817459,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,DubbleBubble,Best strategy game i've ever played!
,Recommended,251060,12146489,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,MattDP,Great series of games these
,Recommended,251060,12100914,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Calvin Harris.,"If you want a game that will make you think about what you are doing and make you learn from your mistakes, this is the game for you. If you want to go in all guns blazing then you're going to be cannon fodder."
76561198069496106,Recommended,251060,12796818,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,thedawnguard48,Awesome game. Challanging but enjoyable and realistic. Everything you need out of a great RTS!
,Recommended,251060,9646836,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Mercury,awesome fun game :D
76561198076586372,Recommended,251060,12804308,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,A Cloudy Sheep,"Long story short: The Wargame series contains the best multiplayer real-time strategy games out there. Red Dragon is the latest iteration; the new features range from bad-but-ignorable (Navy) to marginal improvements (filter options in the armory) and in itself might not be a compelling reason to go for Red Dragon. Still Red Dragon has the largest player base by far, which is obviously what you want in multiplayer.Long story long:This is easily the best real time strategy game there is, precisely because it deviates from the norms of the genre in interesting ways. Also relatively unique in its late-cold-war setting, which I enjoyed.Firstly, in the standard game mode you win the game by destroying, say, 6000 points worth of enemy units. This has two implications. It encourages you to be cautious with your units so you do not feed points to your enemy, and you need to carefully balance your forces between different costs. For example losing a 120-point tank by assaulting a 10-point infantry unit in a town is a serious setback, as it just brought your enemy 120 point closer to victory.The net effect of this is that the game can actually be rather slow-paced and thought through. Especially in smaller games towards the end it can result in a cat-and-mouse game, where you try to snatch some enemy points while being careful not to poke your head out too far. It’s overall a much more thoughtful process than most RTS games. However, note that there are other game modes that are closer to the genre standard.The other distinguishing factor of Wargame is the scope and complexity of the underlying mechanics. Each unit has about 20 or so variables: basic things like speed, intermediary stuff like frontal, side, rear and top armour, and advanced stuff like whether the tertiary weapon of a unit has active radar emissions that can be targeted by dedicated anti-radar weapons. All of this results in a delicate system of counters that is not just unit-based as in most RTS games, but also highly circumstantial. A MILAN-2 anti-tank-guided-missile-team is a great counter against tanks – as long as it is stationary, can use its higher range, and is not too distracted (e.g. from being under small arms or mortar fire). A STRV-103B tank lacks a turret and stabilizers, so it cannot move very well while on the move – but it has good frontal armour, and a ‘kinetic energy’ gun, so if you can hide it in a hedgerow it can wreak havoc in an ambush.This is not very newbie friendly, but it is rewarding. Understanding the various units (there are several hundred) and the way they interact is more important than being very fast with your mouse. You do not need the memorize the precise range of the main gun of a T-72A, but you should know that an IGLA is a infra-red anti-air missile, so moving a helicopter close is not a smart idea (unless, maybe you supress the anti-air with mortars first). This is especially important, because the game uses a deck-system. You can pre-select a number of different units that you field during a battle, so you have to spend some time building deck that is well rounded and allows you to react to specific threads. Personally, I find this to be as much fun as the actual game.There is no base-building in this game, there is only one resource which is earned by occupying rather large areas on the map, and no typical fog-of-war: You are likely to spot a huge tank or chopper at quite some distance, but a unit with a low detection-value can drive by an infantry platoon in a wood without noticing. So you really do not know whether you do not see something because there is nothing there, or whether it’s just hidden well enough.Lastly, I praise this game mainly for the multiplayer. Single player campaigns and skirmishes exist, and the AI is alrightish, but the real fun is in multiplayer, between anything from 1-vs-1 to 10-vs-10.A great game that borders on turn-based strategy such as Panzer General, while maintaining the momentum and liveliness of a real-time game. Buy if you enjoy actual strategy over clicks-per-second gamin"
76561198031455290,Recommended,251060,12863776,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Qbus_88,"Congratulations, you stumbled upon the latest installment of probably  the best RTS series of its time.I Absolutely adore this game and the series as a whole, one of the very best strategy titles around. It's detailed and realistic enough to be engaging but not too focused on micro management to be off putting, I think they struck a great balance. Graphics are very nice and you don't even need to sell your soul to be able to afford a PC capable of running it decently.Be warned though: The learning curve is VERY steep and it will take you quite some time and studying the units to be successful. I actually read up on many of the units in the game on wikipedia, this does help but needless to say this costs a lot of time an especially at first it may be a bit frustrating. I will give you a short summary of my opinion of Red Dragon specifically, please do note that I only play single player.I'm happy to say that the game offers enough depth in SP to be worth buying for that alone. More and more games these days think they can slim down SP content in favor of MP. While Red Dragon has MP the single player is very enjoyable and more than enough challenge at times at least for me. When compared to AirLand battle it must be said that Red Dragon doesn't offer that much more than its predecessor. The hyped up aspect was the naval battles and they fall woefully short when compared to the depth the rest of the game offers. If you're new to this series: wait until it's on sale and go nuts on AirLand battle first. It's cheaper and gameplay wise not much different at all. I like the Asian theatre which is why Red Dragon is ultimately my favorite title in the Wargame series but purely from a value for money point of view, being as objective as I can be:If you're new to this series, try AirLand battle first, if you like that one I can pretty much guarantee you'll like Red Dragon but it's not worth €40 (or $ or whatever you pay for it with) because it simply didn't add enough content for that. Wait until it's around the €25 region. By that time you'll probably have gotten over most of the difficulty curve as well if you buy the previous one now. One final tip regarding that difficulty curve: There's a reason why every army in the world switched to a Combined Arms doctrine(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combined_arms)around WW2 and kept using it ever since."
76561197991341019,Recommended,251060,12893473,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,tommo8993,"The market needs more cold war RTS games. This is the best one yet, the single player still needs some work for the next game though.8/10"
76561198007273857,Recommended,251060,12855985,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,pwhitney68w,"I love this game and it hurts me to say ""BUT"" being Airborne in the US Army, i would really love that the Airborne category of each nation should have a C-130 or C-17 fly in and parachute units in. Considering thier all infantry the fact that they could be dropped a certain distance behind enemy lines would be awesome. They could still be vunerble to fighter jets and such makes sure that you dont try to send them into enemy base.That is my only gripe"
76561198052718818,Recommended,251060,12952473,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,richa522,Incredibly detailed and fun to play! Millions of strategic possibilities.
,Recommended,251060,11558805,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,igeighty,is don is good
76561198085647471,Recommended,251060,11562245,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Nichols,"Wargame Red dragon is such an amazing RTS game. It's really easy to get the basics, and sometimes can be addictingly fun! The campaign was great and very dynamic. The multiplayer might have some downsides, for example in some hosted servers you just get kicked by the host because of your win/lose ratio, and a lot of players in the game likes to exit the game while its still in mid-game which leads the team to do way more work than the other. Overall it is a great game, I had a lot of fun playing with it and hope more players come and join the fight."
76561198038177412,Recommended,251060,11704573,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Tyler298,"Great RTS for realism and strategy. Hundreds of Cold war accurate prototype and mainstream units. The game focuses on team support with artillery and Logistics (Ammo&fuel). Many ways to play such as Tank rush, infantry in APC's and many more."
76561197989740867,Recommended,251060,11768749,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,b2laptop,"Game looks good BUT!Trying to run game on Mac but all text is garbled, the formums are full of this same problem.  Months have gone by and still havent seen a solution.   Really enjoyed other Wargames, and they all ran well.   Looking forward to one day actually playing the  game i purchased."
76561197965370010,Recommended,251060,11397381,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Gunnyhighway,"It is a good franchise, and Chinese blow up better than Russians!....Drop your cox and grab your sox, it  is Wargame time!....See you on the LZ!"
,Recommended,251060,11603077,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Mental [Unicorn Actual],Absolutly amazing!Great graphics combined with great gameplay.From day one I knew I wasnt dealing with EA or Ubisoft because the game ran smooth regardless of what else was running. I have yet to have an issue involving a crash or disconnect due to a game issue.
76561198045234824,Recommended,251060,11667958,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,sascomander,This is a very good RTS. If you want historically accurate units from the early to late cold war this is the game for you. It does away with the tradition base building of most rts games. Which some people like and other do not like. I like it because it makes it more like a real battle. The variety of different units is crazy. Every unit even infantry feels different.The problems I have with the game there is only a few but these are a big few. Artillery. It is sort of op. Just the rocket artillery.    I am fine with having swarms of rockets destroy my units but the fact you can keep resuplieing these rocket artillery mean you can almost constantly bombard the entire side of the enamies part of the map. Howitzer artillery is fine because they only fire one round at a time.The next problem it is planes and anti air. Missile based anti air is fine its the gun based anti air or flak pretty much. It doesnt seem like it does anything even if you spam tones of them unless yuse tones of them.Finally Ships. I dont have a problem with the ships persay but the amount of ships you are able to have is crazy. These are the most powerful units in the game and you can almost spam them. Well not the Big command ships but the cruisers are spammable.  Big naval battles are awesome but when you can use the ships to win ground battles taking place on other parts of the map because of the range and how many you have it pretty annoying.Now I do like the river boats like they used in Vietnam. They are really fun to bring down rivers to hit the enamy from behind.
76561198036539970,Recommended,251060,11669302,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,BobbaFett200,"Wargame: Red Dragon is a game thats veary fun and will never get you borad. I enjoyed the total war series so I thought ""hey why not get a rts game in a more modern world! So I did and i'm happy I did. You can zoom out and see whats going on, you can also make your own army or decks so that you can totaly customiz what your army will be depending on your likeings. There are also TONS of factions so you never get borad and big maps so it dosn't feel tight. there are 3 game modes each with there own objecttive and twist.  so to sum up if you like rts games this is a game for you. The only down side is that i wish that There was a game mode that was like the last team standing so that the game wouldn't feel so short all the time. I would rate it a 8/10 mostly because i feel the game would be much more apealing if that last man standing idea were to be true. Thanks for reading. And comant if you agreee or diagree and what you agree ot diagree on."
76561198030274103,Recommended,251060,11653563,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,bflance,"one of the best strategy and tactical games in last 10 years.its a bit different than ""classical"" strategy games like starcraft on C&C red alert, that is, you dont have to gather resources.however in this game you gain steady income of ""political point"" using which you can buy more units.by capturing strategic zones on map you will get more points in given time.also you have to manage your units wisely, as each unit requires supplies to keep fighting (you also buy supply trucks or choppers for points).this game has more than 1500 distinct units as well as ships and prototype ""special"" units for each of nations.simply awesome game, with very deep strategic and tactical parts.single player compaing could be a bit better, but for that is small drawback since this game really shines in multiplayer.use SP for training mostly..a must have for any strategy game fan!"
76561198028652017,Recommended,251060,11654741,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Thang,"I really enjoy this game. Different than other strategy games you need to learn combined arms strategy, using infantry to multirole fighter jets."
,Recommended,251060,11621113,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Lucciola,Great Game! Fun!
76561198035196845,Recommended,251060,11623871,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,KilroyWH78,"""In case of doubt, attack."" Gen. George S. PattonI lost so many soldiers, but i made sure the enemy lost more... so many bots in only one map its a total cluster****, btw cluster bombs included. :)"
76561197964223308,Recommended,251060,11643869,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,kaiser_mobius,"A fantastic RTS game. I love the massive variety of units and countries available to play as, and take particular pleasure in playing as countries that you do not often see in many other RTS games, like Canada, the Scandinavian factions, North Korea, or the Non-Soviet Warsaw Pact states. There are some very fun and challenging singleplayer campaign scenarios to choose from, and the skirmish AI is always a fun opponent to play against. I highly recommend buying this game if you are a fan of the RTS genre."
76561198005851839,Recommended,251060,10551609,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,legendarymass,"In my opinion this is the best military strategy simulator in existence.  I own pretty much every good strategy game there is.  Favorites being company of heroes, total annihilation, command & conquer series, dawn of war.  This game is my new favorite,  The first few patches were rocky but the support for the game is great.  Updates happen like every month and the development team also gives you free dlc every few months.  The game is very well balanced and will take you a few hours to learn.  You will want to know all 1500 units very well to be any good.  All the units are spectacular in every field you could judge.  The game is much more action packed than you would assume, sound is good,  graphics are better.  You have a large range of graphics to choose like dx9 or 10,  I think open gl also.  If you are jumping from wargame airland battle I would say that my favorite new features include customizing enemy decks and half naval half land maps are awesome.  Its fun to pound land units with big ships.  If you are buying wargame red dragon for the first time then I would say you really really need to buy wargame airland battle first.  It's just as good."
76561198070921973,Recommended,251060,11648421,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,lil squifer,SO AWESOME
76561198120839707,Recommended,251060,11551885,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,wmarucha99,Wondeful game I played the previous game WEE but not airland battle so my tactics had to change drasticlly buy this game if you love rts or the previous WGs.
,Recommended,251060,11554270,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Michael Faraday,"great game, one of the best modern military rts' out right now"
,Recommended,251060,11556253,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Scorpionkiller19,
76561198090488310,Recommended,251060,11566377,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,bbaggs25,I love the RTS of this game. It's so in depth and fast-paced that I find myself having trouble keeping up sometimes. It's not a game that you can just play a few times and be an expert at. An excellent game in my opinion.
,Recommended,251060,11568788,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,salt.  ŘicӪchèt,"I'm not usually an RTS player, I find them all too clicky and stats driven, knowing DPS and modifiers etc. However I am a military enthusiast and enjoy realism in games. This is what sets Wargame series apart from many other RTS.An excellent blend of current and past nations, historical and some modern conflicts and full ""deck"" customisation allows anyone from any nation to get involved (and at some points, a little patriotic) As an Australian I don't often get a chance to see games featuring our World Class Special Forces SASR or Bushmaster APC's mixed in with other nations, however with nations such as Australia, Canada, Brittain, West Germany, Japan, Korea, CSSR, Poland, USA, Russia, Czech Republic...  the list goes on!When customising a deck to take on either AI or Multiplayer skirmishes of land capture, total destruction or an interesting shared currency mode known as Economy, you have vast options on wether you want close air support, helicopters, infantry deployed via land, air or sea. You can explore tanks, reconnisance snipers, artillery and MRLS systems and even Navy to some degree. It's an incredibel mix that really suits any gamer style with strengths and waeknesses to every deck and nation. Not to mention the Prototype vehicles the the amazing Nighthawk for the USA with a deadly and precise guided bomb, or the Russian KA-50 Akula Tank Killer!The community is very quick to judge, and the learning curve was steep! Reading forums and guides on playstyles and strengths really helps you blend into the battle. However persist the first few ""Ranks"" and you realise the tide of battle can easily be changed if you know what to look for and use team strategiesThe only downsides are that because they've themed the game to follow the 80's/90's style computer screen they have made a very backwards game room chat and game preview facility you have to ""join"" and look at each players stats individually to understand if the teams are balanced or not. One window for chat between your game room/general chat/friends is also rather annoying. The other downside is there are often connection issues that result in one person leaving at the start of the game, the points are redistributed, but if your team can overcome this then quite often you can counter quickly with the higher income.Wargame Red Dragon is an excellent multiplayer, great unit selection and balanced gameplay that will leave you asking where the time has gone to. Its a nail biting ride through every game with fluid battle dynamics, excellent realism and quite a little bit of pride when your team overcomes the enemy! I'd highly recommend Wargame franchise to anyone interested in a little more than base building and spamming units.9/10~R"
76561197970856695,Recommended,251060,11715223,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,austere,"In short, steep learning curve (welcome change from games these days), an engaging single player campaign, awesome fun multiplayer with friends or random people, the only bad part is this game will drain your life away."
76561198132822800,Recommended,251060,10284673,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,amaan911,The best RTS I have ever played. Despite the fact that it is tagged cold war most of the units featured are still in service. I was looking for a modern warfare RTS and nothing has come close to this game. It has a simple interface which still alows for complex tactics. The amount of units available is amazing. The games graphics and details are excellent.The only downfall this game has is the lack of naval ships. That however is easily fixed . The creators of this game do seem to fix any problems and add features where needed so I have not experienced any glitches.Overall a Fantastic and addictive game. Likley the best RTS ever.. I would 100% recommend this game.
76561197982272939,Recommended,251060,11108582,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Siao Angmoh 1,"highly recommend, steep learning curve but still very satisfying will you are getting owned."
,Recommended,251060,11919555,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,rootjax,Most intense modern RTS
76561197972146100,Recommended,251060,11900657,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,"One of the best strategy games I've played. Great Graphics. Tonnes of maps. Runs smooth. Buy it for the multiplayer, but single player is okay for a while."
76561198035640764,Recommended,251060,11903053,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,FartMonkeyFever,"Great game! the strategy is great and the combat is awesome to watch, if u got the money get it!!!!!"
76561198004436665,Recommended,251060,11903994,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,burkefett,Probably the best historic RTS on the market today.  Real-world tactics and strategic thinking must be followed in order to win.  Extremely detailed and fun.
,Recommended,251060,11904759,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Slickhuey23,"Amazing game, if only there was a smaller scale version where you can control individual soldiers etc. that would be a hell of a game"
,Recommended,251060,11944785,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,atomic_nop_,Another brilliantly strato-tactical game in the series.  RTS at its finest.  Great upgrade from ALB.  Boats are ok too.  I like how they fixed national/coalition/specialized deck balance and aircraft availability.
,Recommended,251060,11947815,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Der Kindred,"This is one of the top RTS games I have played, along with the series this game is amazing. The interface is simple and well thought out and so is the gameplay. The options of units for each nation/faction is great. I terms i would highly recommend this game along with the series."
76561198143267639,Recommended,251060,11935293,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Approved Friend,"Wargame: Red Dragon is one of those games that just keeps on giving. The scale of battles can range from a few groups of infantry and tanks, to massive battles with hundreds of tanks, jets, helicopters and artillery support. The variety of units is great for anyone looking for an RTS game with some kick. The tutorials are lacking at best, as they are only pictures with destriptions of the actions you should take rather than a playthrough  tutorial. The Naval aspect of the game also needs to be improved. It lacks the dynamic aspect of the land battles due to the inaccuracy of naval guns and ineffectiveness of their ship to ship missles. Other than that, this is a rock solid game and I look forward to further installments!"
76561198058107016,Recommended,251060,11786996,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,RƟȻҜΣͳ ⁵҉,"Great RTS game!, i highly recommend this game!"
76561197980136367,Recommended,251060,11984512,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Private Partz,Awesome RTS... A must buy for modern war game fans!
76561198094957823,Recommended,251060,11989653,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Lukasz_19,Wargame Red Dragon is a very good RTS. It has many real vehicles and units from many nations. It has a very steep learning curve for new players as more thought is needed into how you are going to win. Once you get past the initial difficulty it becomes very enjoyable and more satisfying than other RTS's.
76561198011335078,Recommended,251060,11990064,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,STOGGY RETURNS,Get Some!
76561197990974205,Recommended,251060,11992714,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,one9Delta,"This game is awesome, realistic military units, the game play is very smooth. The campaign is a bit challenging, but the skirmishes are probably the best."
,Recommended,251060,11994479,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,D.Va,suck my♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251060,11995091,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,tengkorax,"this is the most realistic and complex RTS that i ever play.. each unit has limited ammo, fuel, and unit morale are affected by situation.. 9/10"
76561198068042975,Recommended,251060,11995868,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,alphadude,"Absolutely the BEST RTS game I have ever played. Loved the realism and feel of the game. I love a good RTS game, love the strategies needed for this game. This game is not like a lot of other RTS games where you build a base and every unit has a health bar that takes a long time to kill, this game is fast paced, exciting, and gets you to think about the units you are going to send out to fight. One can't just replace a unit by simply ""building"" a new one, there are no places where you can build a unit from. each deck you make (or what the campaign gives you) is limited to THAT amount of units it has when YOU put that deck together, so be careful about picking units. But above all just enjoy the game"
76561198020471227,Recommended,251060,11962962,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,WolfEyes (Loki'd),There's ships!There's tanks!There's noobs!Buy it.
,Recommended,251060,11963459,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,The Spanish Inquistion,indeed one of the best true rts ive ever played
,Recommended,251060,11959819,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,kooldude_377,"Awesome, almost realistic, well detailed, full featured Strategy game. If Real time war strategy games is your thing. If you're a fan of military games this is the game for you. With expansive maps, I'd say a good mutliplayer and singple player experience.This game is not starcraft, it is not command and conquer this is a war game, from the perspective of what a real military commander might have to deal with."
76561198013986953,Recommended,251060,11960177,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Dmitry Donskoy,"Are you a brilliant commander?  Do you lead your legions of infantry, hordes of tanks and squadrons of airplanes to glorious victory over the capitalist dogs (or if you are on the other side - those dirty commies)?Or will you be the first one to run away, with your men being burnt by napalm, your tanks burning after and airraid and the airplanes fallen from AA fire?To find out - play Wargame RD!  The game that you will hate, but like a battered dog still come back to."
,Recommended,251060,11961868,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ネート。,One of the best RTS game of all time! Although I had a hard time to control lots of units but I got so much fun playing this game!! You should try this game if you like Strategy genre.
76561197971331769,Recommended,251060,11961950,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,BuddyLove32,Fantasic Strategy!
,Recommended,251060,11962569,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ToxicCheeseMan,"This is the best realistic warsim on the market its an amazing game with many differnt play styles. weather you like to plow into our enemys with a mix of pricey but king hiting heavy tanks and little t55s that are basicly just good for cannon fodder or if your a air force man and love to have dog fights and bomb your enemys with fast high powerd strikes just watch out for that AAA. how about an support army where you run supplys up to the line and back to your foward base for other allies to stay in the fight while at the same like bombarding enemy positions with massive rocket attacks and big guns aswell as counter batterys just remember to move after you fire as there is no doubt some big shells coming at you. or maybe your a behind the lines sort of guy sneaking recon teams far up into the hills and forrests to get behind the enemy and give you and your team vital intel on enemy movments. thats not it tho how about marines use there transports to cross rivers and oceans to flank your enemys defences, and a powerful navy to bombard the land while you send in marines and harriers to make a beach head and cut your enemy in half. but if thats not enough then maybe your a mechanized warrior bringing 100s of infantry to the front in bmp transports fireing missles and cannons as they rush towards that enemy town just remember to smoke infront of that tree line with all the m1a1 abrams in it or youll all die.  all in all this game is great but it does have a steep learning curve there are campaigns tho to train and skirmish mode but they game doesnt hold your hand or teach you much so i would suggest watching replays on youtube and training videos like i did back in the day."
,Recommended,251060,11962688,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Cheese🅱urger A🅱ocalypse,"If you like RTS games and you're not playing this, you're basically wasting your time."
,Recommended,251060,12015442,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,N-Word Joe,"absolutely amazing. has almost instantly become my favorite rts/rtt game on the market right now. Great variety of nations and units, love the ability to fight either bluefor or redfor of have a confontation between the two sides. This game is very fast paced, you will turtle a bit but not long or often. Graphics are amazing and the game runs on my mid range acer laptop without turning the setting all the way down or burning your nards off with laptops heat. all in all could use a few more maps but the game itself is clearly a wargame lovers dream. Any chance of you guys (eugen) doing a warhammer 40k title? 10\10"
,Recommended,251060,12004658,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,DPapey,This is an incredible RTS game!
,Recommended,251060,12781611,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dez,Great game. Some say that it's like RUSE meets Total War. It's little like World in Conflict with less restrictions. (i.e. you're not restricted to just Support or Armor units). It's definitely worth it. Watch for the steam sales.
76561197975921873,Recommended,251060,12733894,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,kiwiguytree,Yes i would highley recomend it
76561197970357393,Recommended,251060,10966989,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,sgtmelin,"Very hard game to master. Tutorial are not mutch, Im more in the middle of the yes or no, but I cant say not of my lack on how to do stuff in the game, it is a good game."
76561197988746050,Recommended,251060,10978375,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,nilocshepard,"amazing RTS, steep learning curve but if you stick with it wargame is the most rewarding serious strategy on the market."
76561198046639932,Recommended,251060,10603692,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr Peacemaker,"Amazing tactical game, trials by error and a good learning curve. totally worth it"
76561198009334395,Recommended,251060,10607810,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,atari,The new RTS King.
76561198010272323,Recommended,251060,10489396,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Duke Cannon,Epic for those who wish to clash in scales only before dreamed of and watch enemy fall one by one... unless it was a 208mm round landing on their heads XD
76561198024801655,Recommended,251060,11234717,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Mitch,"Really Great game AI could do with some work and if your playing multiplayer its best if you have some friends, Because clans just stomp noobs."
76561198108577610,Recommended,251060,11236803,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,sky-power2000,Play this game.
,Recommended,251060,11282579,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,relaxo,"Pretty good game, unlike many other RTS's. Totally recommend it for fans of RTS's."
,Recommended,251060,11303763,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ironyz,"Do not buy this game if you cannot bring a substantial time investment, as it has the steepest learning curve of any game I've ever played. Additionally, If you own Airland Battle and are buying this game because you want naval, I'd suggest not. The naval system is not well implemented and is not a large part of the game.That being said, this is my favorite game all time. I love the realistic combat and the fact that I don't have to bother with base building operations. The wide variety of units means that you can never be totally sure of your opponents capabilities, which adds a good amount of finesse to the game, along with the stealth aspects. There are some problems with the game but Eugen seems committed to fixing the bulk of them."
76561198124225185,Recommended,251060,11175719,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,dabeast713,"This game is a huge step up from its previous bretheren. It is by far the most advanced, realistic and overal fun real time strategy game on the market. The gameplay is smooth and the graphics remarkable and it truly takes strategy and tactics to achieve victory. This is by far my favorite game and i recomend it to anyone willing to give it a shot."
76561198029527579,Recommended,251060,11148286,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,[T40-1]ValleyFighter,"its a amzzing game but need more naval units such as more cruisers and a battleship or two, could also make a campign set in the first korean war for a prequel too the first game :)"
,Recommended,251060,11157433,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Bordinko,"I love Red Dragon. But here are my light gripes:It has some internal balance issues that need to be addressed.Co-Op Campagins. Not everyone want to play with Tryhards online.If you wanted to see a cold war gone hot, you would already have owned this game."
76561198087718750,Recommended,251060,10844820,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Big Sexy,This is the BEST RTS game I have ever played. I used to play ALB and waited for this bad boy to come out.
76561198040249014,Recommended,251060,10031678,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,cheapman44,For my first game in this series....I have to say it was money well spent. It can get challenging at times especially when you first start...but once you get some idea of how things work...it starts to go a little more smoothly. Great game and even greater replay value!
76561198016108266,Recommended,251060,9862034,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,[US]Moist Nuggeteer,"This game is really really good.   If you like strategy, you will like this game.  It is so detailed and the graphics are amazing and any strategy you want works if you implement it correctly.Also, Eugen is a great developer that listens to the community feedback and (at least in the past) has released loads of free DLC."
,Recommended,251060,10074393,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Warhog Fisher,One of the most badass trailers i've ever seen...
,Recommended,251060,10836223,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,v i t e k,"Insanely good strategy game, it takes a different approach from your normal RTS, and concentrates on details, simulation and reality of warfare.WARNING: You have to be patient with Wargame, at the start you will fail like everyone did when they first played."
76561198043953925,Recommended,251060,10828454,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kinglarrythethird,"This game is so so good, worth so much more than the price, if you're into military and strategy then honest this game is your soulmate"
,Recommended,251060,10440267,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,-MDG-Dark_Eagle,"The Wargame series is among my top favorite RTS games. The gameplay is amazing, deep and visually stunning."
76561198042404070,Recommended,251060,13529568,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HAL,yup its a good game... with plenty of longevity in it.
76561198005920534,Recommended,251060,13167611,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ghostly909,As good as the European Escalation and a lot better than AirLand Battle(based on campaign and playability)Definately a step in the right direction
76561198084145622,Recommended,251060,13201085,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,nazikiller1152,"way better than wargame: airland battle although i do have a couple of thing i dislike first off the fact that you cant get U.S.S Iwoa battleship or any other naval ships other than frigate, corvette and a few destroyers i mean to me id love the fact of having iwoas 16inch guns just a blazing cutting down enemy ships from a distance rather than having to spend a but load of point to get one of the few destroyers that can get cut down easily by asm or other ships even if it is esorted by anti air ships or any other type of ship and lastly add a carrier cause it really takes to long for jets and anti ship helicopters to get to the intended target via main spawn it would really be nice to have them launch off of carriers and be able to resupply via carrier while that said carrier was close to the front lines also i dont know if yall intended this or not but i have noticed that some destroyers or frigates have landing pad are yall gonna maybe make an update to allo helicopters to land on em? other than that very very fun game not like any other war sim i have played i really recommend it to anyone who likes war sim"
76561198066505022,Recommended,251060,13201871,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Lesbian Space Rock Commies,"the best RTS I have ever played or more to the point the most fun RTS I have ever playd, with how nerdy you can be with seting up you're army and is not to hard to lurn how to play.the only way this game could be better is with more nations OR a Warhammer 40k Mod <---- Modders get on thet"
76561198080674686,Recommended,251060,13202332,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Leader of the patriarchy,"-beautiful-glory to the luda-""2 udaloys in one deck?, thats cheating""-needs more use for naval units on semi naval maps-wargame workshop would be incredible-10/10"
,Recommended,251060,13205010,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,boober,"fun, future of non-arcade RTS"
,Recommended,251060,13232859,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Johnathan123,Amazing game!!
,Recommended,251060,13235182,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Bohemond of Taranto,"Ive only played so much of this game, however when I play it I cannot not have fun.  the graphics the units, the SEA BATTLES the everything.  BTW, if you play multiplayer and use more artillery then anything else, I hate you.  8/10 Only improvement would be the layout and UI of the screen is a bit funky.  great game though."
76561198006594137,Recommended,251060,13224315,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Dietrich_Von_Carstein,"An overall quick game to get into, but with enough theory-crafting and depth to make it last. A definate game to consider if you're into RTS or anything remotely fun and Cold-War esque. You can customize your playstyle and pool of units to use to feel very custom if you wish. Very fun...nice scale...excellent graphics."
76561198056899654,Recommended,251060,13222146,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SNAFU,I need more friends to play this game with me!! this game is addicting as hell!!!
,Recommended,251060,13009298,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,BaronSin,someofa♥♥♥♥♥ this game is hard.
76561198054694716,Recommended,251060,13094852,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,The Last Melon,Simply the best RTS I have played in my life.
76561198116879604,Recommended,251060,13098751,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,dkayhan7,"one of the best real time game , units are amazing real, More than 630 hours played not bored yet .expecting new units and countries !!!! (Like Turkey,Iran,Italy )"
,Recommended,251060,13101725,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mytrix,Great strategy game with plenty of replay value.Grab it when it's on sale.
76561197991765797,Recommended,251060,13061644,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Endergijón,"Best strategic game i have ever played. You can play multiplayer, or solo campaings, but the best point of this game is the ranked mode where you can play agains unkown players, so you should be prepared for every kind of decks and strategy on the other side of the map. 40 minutes top adrenaline for every ranked match."
,Recommended,251060,13062321,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Thelin Fil,"Quantos T-80 comunistas eh possivel matar com os meus AH-64 apaches? resposta: todosWargame:Red dragon eh um dos melhores, mais bonitos e mais dificeis RTS de todos."
76561198026968739,Recommended,251060,13107739,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SpaceMonkey,"Best RTS I played in my life! For all strategy and Cold War lovers-this is for you.Brought to you by Eugen Systems, the creators of RUSE (for reference). Ignore the naval part (which is honestly bad) and go straight for battles on land. There, it is the best I have tried. Over 1,300 units and 17 nations+coalitions (alliances like the Commonwealth: UK+CAN+AUS/NEWZ) will definitely provide a ton of fun.PS: If you purchase the game, be aware that the learning process in this game can take quite a while, so don't get too frustrated if you loose the first matches ;)"
76561198006686203,Recommended,251060,13108189,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jimmtron,brutal learning curve but well worth taking the time to learn it. also pretty stats heavy for the nerd in us all
,Recommended,251060,13148320,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GN Evan,The most sophisticated RTS game I've played. Incredible depth.
,Recommended,251060,13122122,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Anceril[☆]SacredBlaze,DAT GAME!! HARD BUT GOOD... BUT HARD :vOverall 10/10 cause i love history about war XD~
76561198006566004,Recommended,251060,13123930,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bashar al-Assad,"I sunk over 80 hours in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game...I mean, awesome game.Buy it fool."
,Recommended,251060,13124515,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tiger Woods,"Anyone donesn't want to go to war is a ♥♥♥♥♥. (All my friends proceeded to say ""I want to go to War"".)"
76561198154616779,Recommended,251060,13446520,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jag,keeps crashing mid game on mac patch? meet requirements
76561198008059843,Recommended,251060,13589551,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,anids,i suck at this game but i love it!!!
76561198023577805,Recommended,251060,12999838,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,DOG OF WAR,Great game! Like that you can use AIR Land and Sea.
76561198056989965,Recommended,251060,13635465,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,mjdmarines88,"soo here you are playing the first campaign (the easiest one) your objective hold busan for 3 turns till the U.S. reinforcements arrive and continue to hold it. on turn 5  i end up loseing badly. i restarted and now knowing what to do when the U.S. arrives you embark your trips to suruel and send some air support you hit launch battle and your waiting for it to load...... finaly the battlefield is in front of you or sector is an ocean sector, you bring in a few ships some landing craft and gunboats. you move your more bigger and better ships to the coast and they start hammering down on any enemy unit in sight, meanwhile two platoons of tanks and infantry have just hit the main beach and are rolling in and soon your comand vehichle and those units will control a land reinforcement sector. while this is happening i took the oppertunity to send y gunboats and half a dozen tanks and infantry up the small river leading to the enemies sectors man their were like what thee.... any way while the gunboats are covering the tanks and infantry get out and mop up the remaining uints while the fighter bombers take care of the runners as you mmove more inland the enemmy is trying to think of somthing he finaly deploys what he thinks can stop me but before they go anywhere it says your team owns 90% of the destruction points and just then two more enemy tamks were destroyed and the battle closes out and you win. thats a pretty succsesful invasion in my books. sorry for any spelling errors. 9/10"
76561198005576145,Recommended,251060,14891035,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nazguller,good game
76561198074657428,Recommended,251060,14892268,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Doctor Bung,"If you don't buy it, you'll never know what it means to be so frustrated yet purely satisfied all at the same time."
,Recommended,251060,14715281,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MajorSauce,Best Military RTS/simulator I've played ever.
76561198111067893,Recommended,251060,14719645,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,McSquizy,"Highly realistic simulator. Every unit is true to the one in real life. Great game, I would recommend this game to people who like battle simulators...10/10"
76561197996107667,Recommended,251060,14656325,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DWIGHT K. SCHRUTE,This game is for you strategy folks. Great graphics like World in Conflict had in its day (and still does). If you wan a real strategical challenge this game is for you. Most your battles will be land and air with large armys over a large map size. You can skirmish against AI and play the campaign or if you like an♥♥♥♥♥beating challenge a skilled player or a group of them and watch as you send hundreds of lives to their death and a sad effort to win a game. The game runs well and I havent had a glitch yet just be warned this is not for the COD guys who just pour their resources in the middle. This game is about creating choke points and suffocating your enemies.8 beets out of 10
76561198031440649,Recommended,251060,14701370,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Cunden,"The game is promising, typically fun to play, worth it on discount, was not disappointed, got what I wanted.I give: 7.5/10Worth: $19.99 - $29.99, would pay for it in that price range based on what it offers."
76561198072051408,Recommended,251060,14708501,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Awayuki,"A good strategy game differing from the usual RTS is the limited supply of military units. But, the description's font is a littile small and hard to see easily and clearly"
76561198063064598,Recommended,251060,14708953,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Clarence,"I LOVE THIS GAME. Its hard to explain but the game is a mix of RTS games and total war infact its exactly like total war, its addicting its really fun and easy to get into its so fun to watch your enemies be blown up by your artillery. Now the game is set in asia from 1979-1992 in a alternate history in the cold where lots of wars break out in asia involing countries like the US South Korea North Korea, China Vietnam and the U.S.S.R also there are 1,400 units in the game from all different countries on two sides Nato an OPFOR the game has deck building elemnets were you take units from each countries depending on the side you chose for that deck and build a deck i find that the best artillery in the game is the South korea artillery paired with an FOB the best AA is the russian  Tunguska overall the game is brilliant and addictive but is abit rough around the edges on the campaign but the multyplayer compensates for this it is the best part of the game this game manages to make losing fun. overall this game is excellent 9/10"
,Recommended,251060,14770018,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,bigLit,"Good game, but quite hard to master. I would recommend watching a few tutorial videos. Overall, I really like it and you should try it out."
,Recommended,251060,14931253,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wild Cat,"If you're looking for a casual RTS don't come near this game, go for R.U.S.E. instead, it is a great RTS also by Eugen Systems and perfect for LAN parties and casual rounds of RTS fun (my review).On the other hand, if you're prepared to put up with a steep learning curve and get into a very detailed RTS experience, the like of which have never been seen before in a video game, then you are in the right place.What Eugen Systems seem to be doing is a daring step to change what we imagine when we hear ""RTS"", the level of details is unrivaled. For those reasons, I couldn't come up with pros and cons, just ""features"", they are the first things you'll probably notice when you go from Red-Alert RTS to Wargame RTS, some bugged me but after a while I realized I was just playing with the wrong mentality so I'll leave it to your discretion to decide if they are good or bad.The Features:A huge selection of units, grouped by nationality (lots of those, too) and by era. The amount of research put into that section gives the game its taste.The campaigns, though few in number, are very well made depicting real, modern struggles. There is a lot to learn and a lot to enjoy in those.Selecting any unit in Wargame showstactical detailsthat you're probably not used to see, things like range, accuracy, rate of fire and ammunition for each weapon that unit carries. The same unit might have different armaments and different experience levels and act totally different.You have to createdecksof your units to play during a game, the deck section, in my opinion, is an added strategy battle, one that you have to win before even going to the battle.Logistics:That's the word that will make you challenge the nearest wall with your head, repeatedly. Every unit uses fuel and ammunition for each gun it carries, when it fires a round, it has one round less and, you guessed it, those things run out and ""someone"" (you) has to keep logistic routes open to resupply them. Also, your main supplies are not limitless so even with the perfect logistics routes you might still find the wall a good place for your head to bounce upon.Reconis the second factor that contributes to the depth of tactics involved in Wargame. Most units have limited optics and they need scouts to uncover and identify units nearby. Recon units make it possible for a tank to hit at maximum range and might save your troops from a deadly trap. That being said, recon units are not created equal and even the best ones will not see deep into dense jungles and inside cities, which leads us to the next feature:Infantry. While useless in most RTS games, infantry units in the deck of a worthy Wargame player could well turn the tides in a battle. The variation of infantry is astonishing and they can be transported by APCs or by helicopters for fast, deep operations. The best part is their stealth inside jungles and cities. There is nothing more satisfying than having a couple of elite Seal team sneak right next to an enemy artillery undetected. Also, training counts. A lot.Artilleryis where I start going really mad, I hate them and their long range BUT, the satisfying part is that in Wargame, those tin-monsters have a ""dispersion"" factor and use up a lot of resources, so much so that I usually let an enemy artillery barrage live just so it drains their resourcesand that's a tactical move you can't do in other RTS games.Navy Unitsthough not often usable, are quite nice to play with and the right ones could considerably boost your land prowess.ConclusionWargame bolds the ""S"" in ""RTS"" and Eugen Systems is redifining the genre. In Wargame, you'll need more tactics than fast clicks and more strategy than amassing armadas. You'll find very fast that the most expensive tank is not invincible and airplanes obey the rules of gravity pretty well if you don't know your enemy's air defenses. Rolling with a lot of troops into the enemy base will almost never guarantee you a victory and the same tactics, even the same decks will never be the perfect ones on all maps or in all scenarios! And well, that's the best part of this game."
76561198007273367,Recommended,251060,14876148,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ctmoney,great game. without question worth picking up.
76561197960773688,Recommended,251060,14846528,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Arstotzka Hero,This game like spitt hot borscht into face of enemy. Most applaud.
76561198064878661,Recommended,251060,14642829,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,moodypoopman,"Great price, Great game, free dlcs"
76561198007138440,Recommended,251060,14634591,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Whiskey Medic,Bring tanks and bacon. AA and bacon. Extra Recon and bacon.. Enjoy
,Recommended,251060,14696628,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BamBam,Just simpily an amazing game by far
76561198098701068,Recommended,251060,14351150,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,paultheairman,"Este es un excelente juego de estrategia. Lleva tiempo aprender a jugarlo, y mucho mas tiempo ser bueno para multijugador, pero no te podes perder este juego!"
76561197974718270,Recommended,251060,14353774,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mistah B,"I have played more hours of this game than any in my steam library. It may not have a broad appeal and is aimed at contemporary war simulation nerds, but it is an excellent game. There are some who criticize how realistic it actually is. This is an argument that can never be won. Compromises always have to be made in simulation games to make the games enjoyable and balanced."
76561198109612882,Recommended,251060,14315442,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,combatsmithen,*sends in 20 M1 Abrams thinking they are indestructable like they claim* *gets blown to hell by a bunch of attack helis* *seems they arent invincible to modern tech* 0-0 They lied to me... 10/10 would send Abrams again.Fine ill do a real review. Great game with awesome features. Just wish when my tanks and vehicals finally got to their destination the just stopped insted of pulling off to the side of the road exposing their side armor. Also wish i could control which direction my tanks faced so i can have my frontal to the enemy insted of my rear. Simmilar to the way company of heroes does it.
76561198061079399,Recommended,251060,14357024,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Metallicat,"The list of modern real time tactical combat games (as opposed to classic building Real Time Strategy or first person shooters) is rather short.  The Wargame series by Eugen Systems is a unique standout in this category.  The first game, Wargame: European Escalation, came out in 2012.  That was followed up by Wargame: Airland Battle in 2013, and the current game, Wargame: Red Dragon. I mention this history because the predecessor games are still quite decent, very similar in mechanics, and offer different maps and single player campaigns.  So if you aren't sure about trying out Red Dragon, you could go for either or both of the prior games.  Even if you do like Red Dragon, the others are cheap enough (especially with the Franchise Pack) that you could get them as well.Wargame.  The name itself says what it is.  It plays very much like a real time version of a classic tabletop miniatures wargame.  It is set in a cold war gone hot 1980s-1990s world.  You have individual units on the map -- tanks, helicopters, trucks, artillery, and even individual soldiers -- brought on the map by a point value system.  The game plays by giving orders to units, or groups of units, which they then carry out.  You have a range of orders for units, more than just move and engage the enemy.  As a tactical game, there is no base building, or building of any kind.  You have a fixed number of units in your battle group (called Deck within the game), and bring them into the game based on their point value.  Better units cost more, but you have a finite number of each type of unit. Once they are used, you cannot get more of them.  This makes the tactical value of survival important.  You may win a fight but lose too many of your best units, and be unable to follow up on your momentary victory to actually win the game.This has some similarities to the older games World In Conflict and Blitzkrieg.  But Wargame: Red Dragon puts you in the role of the off-map commander of a company or battalion, directing all the forces present on the battlefield represented on the map.  Your forces can range from couple hundred infantry with IFVs to a few hundred infantry supported by dozens of armored vehicles, all of which are individual units on the map.  Infantry is controlled by squad (you can't give orders to individual soldiers, but each is its own figure).  Vehicle units can be grouped together in formations, making lining up your forces for battle easy.The game interface itself is easy to learn.  Placing units and giving orders is easy.  This isn't a game where rapid repeated actions are helpful or necessary.  You can give units orders and trust them to continue as planned, with only a few things requiring immediate, reflex actions.  If a unit comes under attack, you get an alert and can immediately switch to it to give new orders.  No need to find the units in danger.  As the number of units on the map get larger, keeping up with what every unit can get tricky.  Fortunately, most are just fine either holding locations or attacking the enemy as ordered, no need to babysit every action.There are a huge number of unit types in this game.  Over 1450 from 17 different nations.  Some of these are either duplicates or similar to other units.  Each nation may field its own version of a given tank or IFV or plane, but the stats are often nearly the same or identical.  Infantry is always purchased with transport vehicles, so each infantry unit + transport is a separate ""card"" in your force deck.  But no matter, there are still a wide range of units, filling just about every role you could see in a modern battlefield.  The units are not generic either.  Each nation has its own unique mix of characteristics in its units.  There is a lot to learn to become an expert on all units.  The stats on all units are readily available in game, so memorization isn't required.Combat has tremendous depth.  This isn't just a rock-paper-scissors level of strategy.  The unit roles and stats reflect modern combined arms tactics.  Your modern tank group will destroy enemy ground vehicles easily, but is vulnerable to infantry shooting rockets from ambush, especially from behind, and air attacks.  The terrain on the map provides real cover.  Units, especially infantry, can hide in forests, behind hills, or in and behind buildings.  Recon units are essential to locate enemy forces.  If you can't see the enemy, you can't shoot them.  It is not only practical but effective to move units out of sight to flank the enemy, and place units in good hiding locations to ambush them.But then you have air and artillery units, which can strike units at just about any location on the map.  They themselves are vulnerable -- air to air defense units, artillery to airstrikes, other artillery, and things like an airborne ranger force landing behind them.There are a choice of victory conditions, but the typical game begins with each side having one Zone on the map, their original deployment zone.  You move command units into other zones on the map -- suitably supported so they don't get destroyed -- in order to take control of them.  Each zone has its own reinforcement point value -- the central areas most fought over are worth the most usually -- and some also have extra value because they open up new areas for off-map reinforcements to enter.  With roughly even play, both sides will have roughly the same value of controlled Zones.  That makes the side which best preserves its forces, especially its best units, while eliminating the enemy the one most likely to win.But not always.  Good tactics, especially good sneaky moves, can snatch victory from defeat, or at least hold a bad situation to a draw.  The game plays fairly fast as well.  A typical game may be 20-40 minutes long.   Action tends to be constant throughout the game, and keeps the player attention focused and tense until the very end.The game has a single player campaign, but it is built around multiplayer play.  The single player skirmish mode is just a multiplayer setup with an AI (and game speed controls).  Wargame offers not just one on one play, but allowed teams of two to four players (with AI fillers if needed), and even 10 vs 10 games.  In a team game, each player on the team gets a share of the reinforcement points -- both the initial force and those earned in the game.  By dividing the forces on the map between different players, it makes it easier for each to keep focused on their own part of the map.  It also allows each to use their own preferred choice of units.That leads to the other special part of Wargame.  Deck building.  You get to pick the units which make up the battlegroup you will have access to during each game.  You get to pick from cards containing a number of a kind of unit.  The type and quality -- from unskilled rookie to elite -- affect how many of each unit will be available.   Each card taken in a deck has a point cost, based on its position in the deck layout.  The first cards of a given class of unit tend to cost less than additional cards.  This makes a balanced force easier to field.  Decks can also  be specialized, and thus get more points to play with, or more and better units per card.  Armored groups get bonuses for tanks, but have less or more expensive infantry and supporting units.  Picking a national alliance, or a single nation, gives you access to more units of those nations at the cost of having none from others of your side.  Choosing to restrict yourself to older units gives you more points, but loses access the most modern (and thus most powerful) units.All in all, a must have game for strategy fans.Metallicat95,Metallicat95.com"
76561198098317107,Recommended,251060,14105133,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Titanium Zeus,"This game is overall pretty good. The campaign is a little cliche and the AI isnt very good except in scorched earth fights. The multiplayer is where this game really shines though. Massive maps boasting twenty players and 30-90 minute long battles are what put this game way ahead of its competitors. The graphics are decent, though not great, and a good internet connection is absolutely neccessary for playing this game online."
76561198029069901,Recommended,251060,9872998,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Unknownaussie,this game is pretty good just need patience and skills
76561198011916291,Recommended,251060,14768354,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,WarHamster,Game has a very steep learning curve but is incredibly fun.
76561197989847632,Recommended,251060,14769732,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,bryanjg,"Amazing game, but the learning curve is pretty high.   Your best bet is to watch a Youtuber a bit to learn the game.  Stealth17 Gaming has an excellent YouTube channel with game play and tutorials.  Very good"
,Recommended,251060,14770846,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Dr_Galactose,"One of the greatest RTS game I've ever play which completely eliminate all the need for Action-per-minute thing or micromanagement thing. This game is completely about strategy, and I mean real world strategy, not ""Zerg Rush"" things.Absolutely worth my money."
,Recommended,251060,14767060,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,PeaceWalker,Great RTS game with a lot of effort and detail put into each individual unit. A must have for fans of the large scale tactical RTS games.
,Recommended,251060,14749715,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Frosty,"Skip naval combat if possible, and make your own lobbies to avoid pubstomps (or play with friends and look for pubstomps).  Those tips will make your first impressions of wargame RD much better.  I love the game, and despite a lack of quality maps I play it more often than any other game these days."
,Recommended,251060,14479733,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DubMeister,"WARNING! DO NOT expect this game to be like any other RTS game. If you are expecting this to be similar to Total War, Company of Heroes, World in Conflict, or Men of War: Assault Squad 2, this game is not for you. This RTS is a very serious tactical and strategic game. Every mistake you make and misstep in preparation will cost you dearly. Though, in contrast, every successful push made may very well change the tide of battle. It has a large learning curve, but after some determination, it's worth it.I tried out European Escalation and Airland Battles in the past. I sucked at it horribly and couldn't finish the campaign. Yet, I still enjoyed its unique gameplay. I bought Red Dragon because it was on sale and I was interested in trying out the additional gameplay content. Knowing the basics of how to play from EE and ALB already, I jumped straight into campaign thinking that my experience from TW, CoH, WiC, and MoW: AS2 would surely have improved my skills compared to my first time in Wargame... I couldn't have been more wrong... My forces were obliterated within the first minute of the match... Lost to an easy AI on the very first mission of the easy campaign.This time, I wasn't going to give up on a game I couldn't win. I watched a few battles to see the tactics and strategies players used to win against both AI and human opponents from their deployment patterns to mid-battle decision making. I was also lucky enough to find a veteran player willing to give me tips on deck building, guide me through some basic combat techniques, and invite me to his group of other veteran players who would advise me on how to play. After a little more practice, everything changed. I started to win more than lose and do an efficient job.In total, I only found two cons in this game. The minor one would be the naval battles which are just clunky and follow a last-one-standing-wins rule rather than the tactical combat that is regular land battles. The most negative con I find would be the rather newbie-unfriendly community of veteran players. I'm not saying all veterans are unwelcoming, but if you're new, you're very likely to run into matches where you're kicked for being too low ranked. You have a better chance of finding a match by joining a very large match like 10vs10 because they don't bother to check everyone's levels. Though with inexperience, you wouldn't contribute much to the team in such a match. The best way to gain early experience is by creating a server of your own and title it ""Newbies only.""9.5/10 Would learn how to play rather than do college homework again."
76561198058108212,Recommended,251060,13211920,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SoulStorm,"Military porn simulator 2014. My top 5 highlights of the game thus far;  1.Playing as South Korea and the US against North Korea and China. 2.Looking through the armoury and salivating at all the vehicles and equipment, Especially the PLANES!!! 3.Joining the online chat lobbies and asking people if they wanted a game of Modern Warfare 2 :P 4.Fighting the Chinese as Great Britain in Hong Kong. 5.Laughing at how rubbish most of the french equipment is and then realizing there are anti-tank rockets called FAGOT rockets hahaha!!!  A must buy 9/10   Only Bad point is that there is too much focus on multiplayer and not enough on singleplayer. :("
76561198022230431,Recommended,251060,13214389,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SpectreVA6,"I think its a great game, its a work in progress."
76561198015475346,Recommended,251060,13214848,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Perilos,"What if World War 3 happened between 1970 and 1990… multiple times?I think that is the question which Eugen System thought first about, as they started to create the concept of the Wargame franchise.“Wargame: Red Dragon” is the third part of the franchise.If you ever thought about to be a commander of military operations, this game is for you. Eugen Systems is very accurate with the arsenal of weapons they offer to you, to do your job on a big battlefield.But it’s not like a Command and Conquer or a Starcraft. You’re not “in the action” like in that classic strategic games. You command the whole operation.There is no base building. The only building you have in that game is a supply depot, which you deploy at the start of the match. You take care of the supply of your troops and you only have a limited army. Your troops need ammo, gas and repair. If you don’t watch your supply line, your army result in a sitting duck and total destruction.Unlike in a Starcraft match for example, you don’t decide the winner in a single battle. There are multiple hot spots and you fight on different fronts. Positioning, mobility and tactical knowledge is the key to survive and win a battle. Tanks have different hit zones with different defence values. Different weapon systems deal different damage to different armour or units.The realism factor is high. The community is “hardcore” and you should have a little bit real world tactical knowledge. The learning curve is pretty straight and high. If you want to invest a few bucks in that game, know that you will hate the game. You hate it, but you want to beat it. Your first match you will win, will feel like you won the whole war.The game features infantry, tanks, vehicles, planes, helicopters and warships in different categories. Your troops are from different times. So your “deck” (army build) features different tanks. For example the West German Bundeswehr shows up on the battlefield in the early game with Kpz Keiler from the 60s and end their match with Leopard 2A5 tanks. The key is not always to bring the biggest tank to every battle. Every unit has a point value. To win a match you destroy points. So your 50 points tank isn’t strong as a 120 point one, but you feel less slapped if your assault on the enemy defence line is destroyed by two helicopters in one run. Combined warfare is the basic of every match. If you throw tank after tank into the battle, you win nothing. The enemy simple counters with a spam of helicopters or other anti-tank units. And tanks have many enemies in that game.I recommend the 200 page guide in the guide section of that game. It helps a lot to understand the game. The core of the game is: Warfare as realistic as possible.I really enjoy the game for 1-2 hours in a row on a rainy day at home. Let your enemies bath in tears, because of your superior chess move or burst in tears, if you thought you win the battle but end in a napalm disaster, watching how your troops burn like candles.The game features a few campaigns with made up scenarios. The intro movies are nice mad and explain the situation to you. The campaigns itself are chained destruction battles. This is the core gameplay of that game. It can be boring after a while.If you think about multiplayer, forget it. The people are moping the floor with you, until you aren’t a hardcore player yourself. Play with friends for the best multiplayer experience.The AI makes a good job. Depending on the situation on the political map in the campaign they rip you off or get steamrolled. But most times you face an overwhelming army in points and really need to think about which troops you bring to the battle. I really enjoy the campaigns. But I didn’t beat a single one.If you enjoy grand battle real time strategy games, this is the game for you. Play it, love it and be happy about every battle you win. But keep in mind, that the game only centre around the battle. There are no different objectives. You make your own to win.8/10"
,Recommended,251060,13113683,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Explosive Tomato,It's a great game. I have nearly 200 hours on it and it's a perfect real time strategy game for anybody that likes games that have to do with warfare ( modern ) and strategy obviously! I'd recommend this game to anybody that is into strategy or warfare games. It's worth the 40 dollar price.
76561198059173536,Recommended,251060,11214807,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,El Cunado,:)
76561198056707438,Recommended,251060,11012021,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,dean.sharman92,"If you have time and patience to learn this games steep learning curve you will be extremely glad you bought it. Its so fun and addictive, definately my fav game. Have been a fan since European Escalation. WARGAME RULES!!!"
10110001110011010,Recommended,251060,11092277,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,tannercrawford241,"Good game, but lower the price, you'll get more over time"
76561197972413251,Recommended,251060,11170095,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Corporal Punishment,"I'd never seen this game franchise before but saw that it was on Steam sale so I picked it up.  I have not been disappointed.  I've not yet played online, but the opposing AI is very tough.  Trying to play a game where every unit matters regardless of size, and even your most powerful Challenger 2 tank can be destroyed by a lucky shot from a 1980's Soviet infantryman adds a whole new tactical dimension that you don't get in traditional RTS games.  That combined with the realistic line of sight, amazing graphics and sound makes this game a must buy.  10/10"
76561198140798955,Recommended,251060,11209150,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ANZACranger,"This is the Best RTS I have ever played.  Yes this game his hard for those first starting, But it is grat fun. It may not have as many players in multi as Battle felid, Capping out at 10v10, but you get more fun. Some people hammer on Naval combat when it's no that bad when you know what you are doing. I would give this game a 10/10."
76561198037243515,Recommended,251060,11061132,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,GoD p@RTicle,"This is an awesome game! For anyone who likes Real Time Strategy, this game is a must. Its not like the Starcraft cariety RTS where you have to micro a lot. This game is more about strategy. And this game is very real. The maps a big and distances are almost to sale which means you are shooting things that are 2 km away with your tank. This is not a click fest and high Actions Per Minute (APM) are not required. This game about attacking or defending by using terraina and more importantly the right unit against your enemy. Positioning of units is paramount. The battles are extremely satisfying.  Like I said an awesome game!"
76561197996481081,Recommended,251060,11108051,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,neoamerican,"Requires ALOT of self learning. REDFOR is OP against BLUFOR to the point of breaking the realism. A Kongo class if anything should be broken against anything else in game. You can also see the creators bias against the USA. Typically the US in any RTS is the best force, but most expensive for balance. Here it is just expensive and that's it. Otherwise, a good effort. Just prepare to get killed in PvP bad. I typically play on a team to prevent a steamrolling even against the AI."
76561197982931652,Recommended,251060,10890423,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mobilesinper,"So much fun so, not for the faint of heart"
76561197970277128,Recommended,251060,10891604,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sprite,A fun and deeply detailed strategy game.
76561198008958821,Recommended,251060,10895465,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,R1CHARDCRANIUM,Glorious leader approves
,Recommended,251060,11038951,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Alyx,"The is an amazing strategy game it has so much depth to itand is a worthy successor to both the first Wargame and Airlandbattlesadly it does have a downside there is not much new content aside form Water , Ships , New Units , and Mapsnothing groundbreaking or different like paradropping soldiers , or calling in offmap artillary things like that would this game feel fresh and new , another downside is that the maps in Red Dragon suck : (compared to the beautiful European Landscape and Towns in the frist two games this is a huge step backif the maps get imrpoved and maby some urban maps this game would be gold.In Conclusion you totally should get it its a load of fun and worth the money"
76561198006871369,Recommended,251060,11742448,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,David Decoster,By far the best RTS game out there. Good singleplayer campaigns and great multiplayer. The free DLC's are nice too. One has to wonder though why Eugen didn't just keep it as one Wargame and then update it continuously instead of creating 3 different games...
76561198017444507,Recommended,251060,11963869,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Krombopulos Michael,just buy it
76561198025420296,Recommended,251060,11964456,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,clowdy,JUST BUY IT NOW!
76561197992299343,Recommended,251060,11968162,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Red Eye,Great RTS a must have.
,Recommended,251060,11968731,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Trizzen,a perfect to play whilst wearing monocles and a wifebeater. much giggling was had when glorious DPRK's infantry dudes beat filthy navy seals in urban warfare. my coffee connoisseur and sensitive artist friends and friends-of-friends loved it 8/10
76561198007373524,Recommended,251060,11970047,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,DannyBoy0203 - R1-,very good love it. dont listen to previous stuff about the naval units... theyre ace. works brilliantly on skirmish modes :)
,Recommended,251060,10868560,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RobboCop,It is good.
76561197984854290,Recommended,251060,11244590,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Bill Door,"Fantastic increment to the series. The screenshots only show new naval units but map level strategy has become hugely important as armies are broken down into regiments, brigades and companies."
,Recommended,251060,11228641,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Vĕņŕøm™,good game you can have alot of fun :)
76561198140844481,Recommended,251060,18440253,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Bazookamarx171,"First of all english is not my mother tongue. This is my opinion/review that i am sharing is based in my experience in playing wargame in the single player campaings and Ai battles, i have and played all wargame titles of them.The most important aspect is that wargame its a game of patience and strategy.I am saying this, because thinking that sending a convoy made of tanks,ifvs and chopper cover is not going to work very well in most ocassions, you have to decide how you are gonig to play it, like focus on using armor and crush your opponent early on or focus on using chopper by making lighting strikes, and so on. Find a way that you are comfortable and you like it and keep using it, expect to loose a lot of troops until you dominate the game, expect more if you are new to the wargame franchise.This game is based in reality so expect moral, fuel,ammo,repairs,range and reconissence which is an aspect of the game that you have to be good if not excellent at, because with no recon your units can't see the target until it's faring on you or are close enought .Now to the prosYou could say that red dragon is the second wargame( airland battle) with navy combat, asia focus and a better singleplayer, the singleplayer of red dragon is: you choose a campaing, you'll be taken to a map and high ranking officer you tell you the situation and how long you have in turns to win the campaing, just like a open world game you have complete freedom to win the campaing in any way you want, block the enemy retreat, surround the enemy, make beach landings, airdrops.About the navy combat, is true that it's not the best and the developers could have worked more , but it's fun and realist like today naval battles are fougth with(misseils,torpedos and ciws), there are no 19 and 20 century gun battles and stuff.Acess to a lot of nations armies and units a lot of detailsGraphics and mechanics are goodGameplay is nice but there could be more options in formations and  behavior.The consThe balance between nations armies are another topic that migth complicate, like the sweden army is balanced so it can face the soviet army in simple words, but all games(exclusively the strategy ones, save a few ones) have this issue we like or not. For a realistic game this con weighs a lot.The time limit battles that happens in both the single and multiplayer, the multiplayer limit is understandable but the singleplayer sometimes it gives the nerves mainly if you want to try something different or use that unit or because in order to win the battle you have to get a high ponctuantion to get victory nor a draw.I a recommend this game to anyone that looks for a more deep strategy game that use 20 century weaponry and that you command everything from infantry squads to regiments and from ships to fleets."
76561198064549727,Not Recommended,251060,10404810,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Thermite,atroctious pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251060,18439857,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Rybec,"A strategy RTS. No base building, it's all about controlling your units.You get to choose between a combination of around 1,200 units for the two factions with their countries. Pretty fun game if you like modern equipment. Nice detail too, as you can scroll in so far you could count the number of shingles on a roof of a building. Alternatively you can scroll so far out that you can have some sort of war room table."
76561198072091969,Recommended,251060,18433288,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,John Mason,"This is the best wargame so far with over 1,000 units and great maps and nations there are some prombles to but in my opinion the pros bet the cons"
76561198100465024,Recommended,251060,18433495,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,seb54519,Great game but requires time to get used to.Disclaimer no dragons in the game.
76561198162385453,Recommended,251060,18494444,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Razorthx,This Game is awsome and also very difficult to play. But you get us to play and parctice. For me this game is pretty dam good. Also the Graphics are pretty cool and the gameplay is good too.
76561198021613841,Recommended,251060,18471524,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,duck 2 roll,"9/10 Needs mod tools, otherwise amazing."
76561198063332228,Recommended,251060,30567200,Posted: 17 March,all,Tuonelaam,"Since its release, I have played this game a ton and I must say, every single hour was worth it.I simply love the details the publishers put into the game, both terain as well as into the units themself.The gamemodes are a lot of fun and as long as you play against people of similar level, you will enjoy the game.If you like strategy games then you simply must try this game."
76561198095707983,Recommended,251060,18513478,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Born2Kill 007,"It has its flaws (difficult to learn, french bias, ...), but all in all an epic game and the best RTS I've played so far. What i like most is the simplicity to make your units: 1 resource buys everything, no need to gather, just keep zones under control."
76561198059415401,Recommended,251060,18503068,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Swogity,"Joined game, got rekt, cried, did it again."
76561198125557088,Recommended,251060,18452305,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Urubro,"Playing this game will teach you much about the strategy used in real life battles, the units used around the world, and the importance of military inteligence and comunication. It's a must have to anyone who loves realistic games."
76561198146061167,Recommended,251060,18454194,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Sandstorm_Player,"I really like this game nicce graphics, u have so many choices of vehicles, infartry, nations...... must say that thats one of the best game i ever played and i already own all 3 games of wargame.No bugs , no Glitches, No lag must say  perfect game (>)"
76561197965556207,Recommended,251060,18451112,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Yeager,Best RTS ever.
76561197991392736,Not Recommended,251060,17819357,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Commiebloc,"Not as good as ALB, but peole play it.I play it but cannot recommend to others due to it's inferiority to it's predecessors.EE had some handling issues, those were solved in ALB; in Red Dragon the tactical movement elements are largely eliminated in favour of something in between Pokemon memorization of stats and COD memorization of positions"
76561198093925051,Recommended,251060,17821574,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,HanFuckingSolo,This game is awesome
76561197993477115,Recommended,251060,17828047,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SaxonRaider,"Awesome rts, and all the DLC came for free. Overlooked, very deep gem of a game. takes around 100 games to get good at it. persevere and you will be rewarded with amazing battles that keep you on the edge of your seat when it gets down to the last few units on the field.. :) Thousands of units to play with!! its great."
76561198034248659,Recommended,251060,17855102,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ray Lewis,SERGEI LIKE GAME. GAME REMIND SERGEI OF GLORIUS WAR AGAINST TRECHEROUS CHINESE. SERGEI ENJOY GLORIOUS TANK WARFARE.
76561198088000061,Recommended,251060,17872211,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Itsdacisco,"I've played this a lot, when reviews say mother of all RTS, believe it. I was new to this series when i thought men of war series was the best. Wargame Red Dragon is hands down fun, it does take abit to understand what everything means as far as what tanks are better etc, I got through it, even as a person who hasn't played the series before. Futhermore, if you're looking for something new to play or looking to get that RTS, fix you'll find it here, I've spent many hours playing, and i've only played OFFLINE. I got it on sale, if you have the chance to buy on sale do it for sure, it just makes it all the more enjoyable."
76561198048992946,Recommended,251060,16508123,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,{GNRep}ARC Commander Orar,"I wish there was a highly reccomend.The only downside to this game is... you need a GOOD comp to run it, and it will run stable."
,Recommended,251060,16609951,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,internet user,note: reccomendation only applies when price < $10.00 USD
76561198054312267,Recommended,251060,16631840,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Stubbornaught,"Wars are not glamorous affairs where gentlemen officers meet on the field of honor. Neither is Wargame. Wargame: Red Dragon is more akin to a bunch of shockingly incompetent individuals (yup that's us! :D ) trying to sort through dizzying amounts of information while taking fire in the hopes of killing the other guys slightly faster than the other guys can do the same. It’s confusing, messy, and merciless; and it punishes every single mistake, every single time a commander fails to observe the basics. It will frustrate you, you may even hate yourself for being so stupid afterward, but you will love this game!"
76561198002518859,Recommended,251060,17324752,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RedStar,"This is by far one of my most favorite strategy games I have played. This is not a simple RTS like some may be used to, but if you dedicate the time to learn it, it is a game that will always surprise you and will test you no matter how long you have played."
76561198095632654,Recommended,251060,17329037,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,WildWillyUSMC,I love this game.I hope the next Wargame game is good as this one.
,Recommended,251060,17904173,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nice_Garry,"Great game, boring alone but with mates online is great fun"
76561198084131427,Recommended,251060,17934895,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Travelyn Redanovitch,Basically were black peoplemeet.com
,Recommended,251060,27177549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,samzala,"After years of wishful thinking and begging, FINLAND IS FINALLY IN WARGAME 10/10"
76561198050671303,Recommended,251060,27204103,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Peeanio,Warchat is best game within a game
76561198050325349,Recommended,251060,27284578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ACJCLIGHTNING,Most high tech expensive tank in the game can be destroyed by one dude with an RPG in a building.Make sure your that one guy and you will have endless fun.10/10
76561198026428101,Recommended,251060,27306198,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sir Garlin,Great game.
76561198043168641,Recommended,251060,27306791,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Uncle Sam,This is the real cool game. I spent lots of hour playing at this.
76561198044210554,Recommended,251060,27337508,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,duit13,This games chat makes it seem like everyone in the world is a nazi.
76561198042408937,Recommended,251060,27336468,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Obermotz,Best Combat Sim since Close Combat 3
76561198028164920,Recommended,251060,27319401,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wurzelsepp,Could use more players !
76561198091005981,Recommended,251060,27350802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,White Coyote,"Great game until the enemy, bombs the hell out of you with artillery or airplanes.  The two categories with no  counters."
,Recommended,251060,27361828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mark IV Style,One of the best RTS games I have played in many years.
,Recommended,251060,27100711,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,markbrotherton501,Difficult but great fun.
,Recommended,251060,27208350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Beeernd,Warchat is your best source for actual political and military facts.
76561198074823823,Recommended,251060,27179639,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paulianus,Canadians don't apologize in this game. Not ingame. Not in chat.The game is actually great. The chat is so bad it becomes amusing.
76561197962982456,Recommended,251060,27231397,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pmurder,"I decided to play election night so I can avoid getting cancer from the televisionHowever, warchat decided otherwiseAnd its terminal, only like warchat can provideOn my dying breaths I shared the love of Roki to a coworkerMy coworker is Serbian, and grew up during the warListening to Roki every. Single. Day.The childhood memories of Crni Bombarder brought tears to his eyesRoki is Love, Roki is LifeAnd just like if I gave a burnt offering to the God of Israel, I am now cancer free.10/10 Would cure cancer again."
,Recommended,251060,27222289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Von Steinberg,"Probably the best mix of micro- and macro-management there is. By ripping out the base-building aspect of traditional RTS-games and replacing it with a preparation similar to card games, the matches themselves focus on what's important: The action.The game allows for either massive, energy draining battles that require the best you can give to keep your units alive AND manage your side of the battle, as well as more laid back, tactically demanding small-scale battles where every single unit you get is important and has to be kept alive at all costs. Then there's of course the more tightly packed action of the smaller modes (less players) and the true test of your abilities in a ranked 1v1.The game is still kept alive and supported by the developers, although recently that means mostly paid DLCs. Considering the longevity of the game, that is understandable and seeing that the DLC is not necessary to experience the full game and compete well in it, that's also okay.Sadly there is no option to completely shut off the text window visible when outside a match - usually there is nothing but flamewars and stupid Hitler-discussions going on. This game does have a ""mute"" button for individual players though (unlike the predecessors), so it is possible to filter at least the worst offenders from going on your cookie..."
76561197969455464,Recommended,251060,27196689,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BouRRino,"Best and most complete rts ever...It would have been good to have better solo campaigns , but the best of these kind of game is always the multi player !Excellent overall game , bought the full serie , never regretted a cent !!"
76561198108218964,Recommended,251060,27252455,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,subtitan,"Great game. Enjoyed every time i win and every time my♥♥♥♥♥gets given to me.Onlay i don't like that rules of logistics and fuel usage does not apply on AI.That there are nations whose units are practically indestructible buy other specific nations weapons ( tanks and AA guns).But despite all of that, it is fun and challenging game."
,Recommended,251060,27306054,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Real Chef Soyyarrdee,"I have well over 70 hours of game play. Since they have added the new nations into Wargame, it has become a much more interesting game. The amount of times I have seen the AI do things or other players is great. I will keep playing until the end of time."
,Recommended,251060,10874144,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Muhler,"Wargame: Red Dragon is a great build upon the previous titles in the series. The core gameplay is the same, but with the new twist of ships and amphibious operations. While Im not a huge fan of the larger ships, I love the addition of coastal craft and the ability for ampibious vehicles to cross rivers. The new factions are also quite interesting (South Korea is probably my favorite nation to play as at the moment). I do wish the campaign aspect were a bit more deep. The multi-player can be a blast, especially if you are on TeamSpeak or some other voice chat. This is probably the best RTS Ive played.Edit: Still a great game. Over 600 hours (my most played game). They are adding new unit packs that are optional if you want to play with the units (but you can play against people that have them without owning it yourself). This is my go-to game."
76561198068035068,Recommended,251060,11904546,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Devil Dog 4,"This very realistic RTS sure has a steep learning curve, but once you get the hang of it, it provides fast-paced, pedal-to-the-metal action covering a time-period a bit less touched by other games out there (the Cold War). Punishing to those who get lazy or too greedy with their strategies, the game keeps you at the edge of your seat, no matter who you are up against (including a surprisingly efficient AI). Many games end within 30-40 minutes, but that's more than enough adrenaline-pumping time to keep any gamer satisfied.The Red Dragon iteration of Wargame adds the element of naval warfare. This aspect of the game still has room for improvement and refinement, but with a very responsive set of developers who seem to truly listen to the community, the sky's the limit for this game.(did I mention there have been recent expansions/updates that have made the game even better?)"
76561198082344404,Recommended,251060,23191858,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,juuice88,"A very good game. It has a very high learning curve(armor values, armor penetration at different ranges, recon,ect.) but when you get the basics down by watching youtube and playing its a very rewarding game. Nothing beats taking a town or forest using artillery somke screen, infantry with apcs to provide fire support. Huge maps and alot of units. Also being able to create your own army is great as well. Lots of options for what you want, choose your nation or coalition(if any), what type of army you want i.e. motorized, airborne, mechanized, armored, ect. You can even choosed time periods as well. Again its a very complex game but very rewarding it has hooked me in from the start."
76561198120451891,Recommended,251060,23144092,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Xenospartan653,"An incredible game. One of the most realistic RTS's on the market, and the Nation DLC pack has given me hope that the Devs will continue to work on this game instead of that satanic she-demon, Act of Aggression. I highly recommend it, even if it is a bit pricy."
,Recommended,251060,23275053,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ZacVenom,10/10
,Recommended,251060,14328227,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Primetarget,"Treading the fine line between realism and fun, and does it very well!A must for armchair generals."
,Recommended,251060,23436861,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,palets,It's so deep and addictive. A must have for strategy fan.
,Recommended,251060,23529446,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Matthias Pantaloons,I like this game but it crashes all the time and leaks memory like crazy on long games.
,Recommended,251060,23516442,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mikkall,"This is an awesome game.  Easy to learn the controls, easy to maintain situational awareness on the battlefield, easy on they eye's."
,Recommended,251060,23312792,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Tony Kito,Yu-Gi-Oh for grownups.
76561198299920134,Recommended,251060,23230577,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,KINGJAMES,Great game
,Recommended,251060,23187228,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,kuroimago,"Why the hell didn't I review this before?It's wonderful. If you're scared of it, play the campaigns in slow mo until you relax and you get used to it. There's a good guide out there to learn to play.Will make an actual review when the time comes, but for now, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,251060,23644049,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Earthshakerson,"I find this game an excellent (somewhat) modern RTS game. The mechanics are mostly easy to use and only require about half an hour of practice to master. Since no units are unlocked, War Game: Red Dragon does not require hundreds of hours of work like many other games that I play. I am fond of the feature that allows you to replay previous battles, and it reminds me of the days of BF3, since artistic people are able to take and assemble screenshots and videos. I think that this feature makes the game entirely worth its cost, since the graphics and attention to detail are very precise and lag-free. Without a shadow of a doubt, I'd reccomend this game to anybody who likes realistic war games."
76561197999843404,Recommended,251060,23662845,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,griffon926,"To be  blunt, this game should have redefined the genre, but the lack of good publicity and attention left this game woefully underadvertised.The simple... this game is the Homeworld of modern/cold war RTS's (yea, that damn good, forget World in Conflict).Here's why:Hundreds of realistically rendered and balanced unitsA set of well crafted and historically based ""What if"" WWIII campaigns with scaling difficultyNo basebuilding BS (I personally don't care for Starcraft/C&C) as basebuilding detracts from the real STRATEGY of fire, maneuver, and support any real general considers.  You have points, you get units with these points.  More zones you control with commanders, the faster the points roll in.The Total War style campaign map, with your regiments you order in from offmap and refit with campaign points is plenty enough supply/ ""basebuilding""Excellent multiplayer experience with customizable ""Decks"" (regiments)Fairly easy to learn, difficult to master, as any good game should be.  The tutorials go through the mechanics of the game rather well, but it's up to you to learn the strategy.Battles cover whole scope of WWIII combat: Land battles with tank charges into ATGM launcher/infantry ambushes under artillery fire, dogfights/air support overhead, and a naval battle unfolding in the adjacent sea.---So in short, this is a Total War 'esque campaign map mixed with modern themed Supreme Commander scale battles (sans base building)This is what World In Conflict could have and should have been.Finally, if this game is commonly used in Military Schools and ROTC for Tactical/Strategic training, you know they're getting it right.So come on you armchair generals, time to get yo Patton on!"
76561198061865084,Recommended,251060,23662676,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SHOLeary,One of my all time favorites. Not for everyone and hard to learn -- all about online play with a steep learning curve. One of the only realistic-ish war games out there with its own totally unique combat. Eugen: make number 4!
76561198084679396,Recommended,251060,23619460,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Burrito150,This is a great game but it has some problems1. No match Makingthis allows new players to be put against those with over a hundred games played2. Unfortunately this is not a very noob friendly game there is no tutorial basicly and often new players will be kicked from the gameOver all though this is a geat game with a active player base and if you are looking for a wartime simulator this is the game for you
,Recommended,251060,23634368,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Blazing-Urzu,I enjoy playing this game a lot. Love the style and tactics involved. I think any RTS gamer would like to have this in their collection.
76561198163411257,Recommended,251060,23630107,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,John Wick,"This game will make ou think differently about strategy and will give you an overview of how things really work on the modern battlefield. You must learn and unlearn strategy game conventions, there is no godlike or overpower unit and all units can die with one shoot. There are 2 blocks, 18 nations and 1700 units in the game so it is safe to say that it offers a lot of time lasting variety. Pick it up if want an awesome multiplayer game which offers tons of hour of entertainement and the singelplayer is also good, the AI makes a good job when it comes to skirmishes. Don't miss this one out, it will be a tad difficult to learn the game but onw you learn it you are good to go."
76561198021638259,Recommended,251060,30802653,Posted: 28 March,all,Jimvajicka a pimp named Big Blac,"Have you ever wondered, what it would be like to command a ""Huge"" army in quasi-realistic strategy game that tries to make the war balanced and fun experience ?Then this game is for you.Obviously you can find some flaws in this game like the fact, that T55 can destroy M1A2 or M60 can destroy T90 or the missing features on merkava tanks, or the unrealistic ranges on all the weapons and guns for sake of balancing russian ♥♥♥♥♥♥ equipment or mabye fact, that TOW missile won't annihilate any russian tank etc.In the end it does't matter since there are MODS on WG:RD forum, which turns this game into fun/realistic experience for everyone who is found of realism and authenticity.Base game is good.Modded game can be exellent."
,Recommended,251060,18647616,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Thegrapejellyman,AMAZING game! very fun rather imersive and endlessly entertaining
,Recommended,251060,23600804,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,generalpickleful,wargame is a fun fiw games thy are hard rts that make you think befor acting with moderen tanks and jets  if yu like rts other then start craft youl defitly like this one over all 7 out of 10 like but wouldnt get 1000 houres in itbut would with the 999 :)
76561198095549318,Recommended,251060,23594442,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Killer07641,"Very good RTS game, if only they didn't leave it for Act of Agression..Luckily they are returning on it with the Nation Pack ehhe"
,Recommended,251060,24063268,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Neighbor Vadim,Really fun!
,Recommended,251060,24038921,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tues_Rom3_38,Honestly one of my favorite RTS. spent many a hours in single player alone. has its flaws but there is no other game out there like it.
,Recommended,251060,23998110,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[TFK]-Patrick,"Good game overall, but it has Cons. Number one Con I see is the Multiplayer. If you disconnect from the game there is no way back in. Another is the Learn Curve. It takes time to get used to the game but after you learn it (Still haven't) it allows for fun battlesas I can see."
76561198069224693,Recommended,251060,20890408,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,xXx_MLG_GoaT_xXx,when you think a nuke has a big impact try arty in this game10/10 would snipe Heli's with mortars again
76561198149634279,Recommended,251060,24112852,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,(NM)jakmalo,GUDE GAME BRO
76561198114889897,Recommended,251060,23957080,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,students101,"I want to see this features in the next Wargame series.I wish that they have a features in multiplayer like; player can able to ""choose role"" function  if the player wish to command units like:Infantry role infantry with combat transport vehicles, recon vehicles & squad of course (for the players who wish to command infantry soldiers in multiplayer)Armor role (for the players who wish to command tanks and recon vehicles)Support role (for the players who wish to command Artillery vehicles, and Anti Air cover & recon vehicles)Air role (for the players who wish to command Attack helicopter, Recon Attack helicopter and Fighter aircraft)Not confusing isn't? this is what you called: Tactical Team Strategy game, World in Conflict style in Multiplayer.(anyway RIP world in conflict online)The purpose of this is that; if your teammates commanding tanks or Infantry and they busy on killing the enemy hostile, capturing command points in the battle ground, As teammate, your job is to protect or support them with Artillery, Attack helicopter and Fighter Aircraft for air strike fire support.player able to used ""symbol communication"" (Requests Menu)The Requests Menu contains a number of requests that can be sent to your teammates.Many of the requests require the player to select a location, for example; select the position where the artillery should be placed. The other players will then see an icon on that specific location.Requests Menu is an extremely powerful and effective way of communicating with other teammates.TO:Developer: Eugen SystemsPublisher: Focus Home Interactiveplease include this features next time you make a new series of wargame.I wish that you read my suggestion.That's all Thanks"
,Recommended,251060,24758425,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The_MonkeyKing,Exceptional multiplayer especially with friends to play it with.Horribly bad singleplayer
76561198077731285,Recommended,251060,24901346,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Evelynn,good game ..butlow campaignwrong balanceunstable server
76561198137430756,Recommended,251060,24865605,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Bigler,great game
76561197998027846,Recommended,251060,22378426,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ellemann357,"Absolutely brilliant, solid and fun RTS. Its got a steep learning curve, compared to most other rts titles. Its got depth and complexity, mastering this game will require the player to learn what specific units really do, and when to use them. The sheer amount of units that can be implemented in a force, and the diversity among them, makes it possible to tailor an army to specific tactical preferences. Hell, the deck manager is fun!Also, as mentioned by others; Quite entertaining lobby chat, probably the most hostile social-arena on this planet."
76561198006708850,Recommended,251060,22436721,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Loves2Splooge,"If you really like history, especially contemporary history, then youll love this game. While it doesnt convey history to you, the amount of content on war units is so immersive that you will really appreciate how complex, massive and well designed these machines were and the massive part they played in history between 1949 and 1991. The game is very strategy based and you can't assume to win just by spamming.... Okay sometimes you can, but that gets old quick and against a competent player it probably wont work. Its much more satisfying to atleast emplore some degree of strategy and try to minimize losses. Or you can go totally russian and try to smash enemy lines with numbers alone. There is a massive, massive, massive, amount of units, and within them, a massive, massive, amount of depth. This alone provides a huge amount of replay value, so long as you enjoy RTS games to start with. Here are some of the most important things I have learned so far. 4.15.16- Massive learning curve.a. little help from game in introducing you to the game and how to play.b. massive amount of content is daunting and discouraging.c. this is overcome only by trial and error, when you start to get what your doing, the games layers and depth will be more obvious and this is really where the game begins... probably a good 10-15 hours in is when id say youll start to actually realize wtf your doing.- Prepare to read and analyze hundreds of different unit selections that are seemingly similar.- The differences between them, while seemingly small, are actually very important to distinguish, proper selections will offer most efficent use of money and more knowledge about how the unit should be played.- Never underestimate the value of infantry, in cities, and outside of them too.- Realize the necessity for recon units. *** without sight, you cant see enemy units and youll just see your guys blow up.- Realize the value of accurate, efficient, long ranged artillery.- Efficiently choose aircraft (being theyre so much money, really test them out and pick the best option, a really expensive plane with only one availble might not be a good choice versus a moderate plane selection with 3 avaible).- Realize that tanks are proably not as important as you thought they might be, and should be de-emphasized.- Again... RECON RECON RECON.Great game with massive depth, if you like RTS' you love it :D"
76561198017230875,Recommended,251060,22422500,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Neebs,Deepest stategy game on the market.Difficult to learn but well worth it.
76561197994958716,Recommended,251060,30768478,Posted: 27 March,all,BigBabyV,"This is probably the funnest and most in depth RTS I've played in a long time. I truly wish they made more games like these. It kind of reminds me of World In Conflict but much more detailed and much more challening. This is one of those games that you will suck at, even after 261 hours I can still get whooped online. But when your strategy works and you deploy your troops just right theres no better feeling. Do buy!"
76561198079680444,Recommended,251060,16361321,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,papayafighter,"I honestly love this game and the Wargame series in general. I haven't found it difficult to master the gameplay, but I could see how this game would have a steep learning curve. For all of the people worried about how difficult the game is, I promise you just have to play around with the system. It's not your everyday RTS. If you are looking for a good story mode I would Airland Battle.8.5/10Grapics: 9/10AI: 7/10Multiplayer: 8/10UPDATEDNow dont get me wrong I love this game, and im going to continue playing it, however Eugen and Focus Home Interactive have just left a bad taste in my mouth. There are so many trolls, and there is no way to ban them. They also let people who own servers basically do whatever they want. Getting kicked from a server for winning is just annoying.Mulitplayer 5/10"
76561198049058355,Recommended,251060,20901247,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[TFLDW]Tete4,Very good RTS+Free DLCs!
76561198069512896,Recommended,251060,20853865,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Relentless,"This is a fantastic game to play if you interested in war, complex strategy, and teamwork. The single player campaign was very nicely designed. The only complaint I have about that is that you cannot play with two people in it. This was a feature I liked in Wargame Airland Battle but thats okay because it brings many other great features to the table. The zooming feature is something that I have always praised in this series so I will do it again. It allows you to zoom in as close to see the men mounted on the machine gun of a tank or infantry on the ground with great detail. Everything ties in nicley with the gameplay the only complaint I have is that the stats of units and items are off in my opinion, but that is expected to make it fit the map and be fair. There are many combinations of different units and deck perks you use to make the best set up for you and your team. I would reccomend this game to anyone interested in a challenge. 9/10"
76561197990394288,Recommended,251060,20850729,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,GreenAlien,This game is great.
76561198069710812,Recommended,251060,20791715,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,cpt_nosh,"Unlike it's predecessors, Red Dragon lacks a good tutorial, aswell as a good single player campaign. You'll get this for the multiplayer, no doubt. And don't get me wrong. As everyone says, the learning curve is steep.But when you got the basics, making your own deck, playing competitive games with other people and have a nice chat in the Lobby-Simulator is absolutely worth it.So, if you want to know why SovKor has too many unicorns, ships don't make sound and US needs an infantry buff. Check it out."
76561198098710409,Recommended,251060,20862017,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MLG Used Car Salesman,"John types in the in game chat.John types ""get out noob""John says ""ez pz""Do what john does."
,Recommended,251060,21069724,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,stang.gang.55,allahu akbar but with chinese instead 10/10
76561198021745490,Recommended,251060,14555751,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Derpy Meerkat,A great game that realy supports infantry gameplay but the navel side is dissapiointing
76561198023194358,Recommended,251060,16498328,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GEM,"Excellent tactical game, Red Dragon rewards careful tactical management combined with strategical planning.Keep a view of the overall situation while getting that pesky SAM off the map, know the strengths and weaknesses of your units, beware the lowly soldier for he will cost you a T-80 in the right situation.Fun with friends, and even the campaign is interesting!"
76561198011415932,Recommended,251060,16428819,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Broseph Stalin,"-Create North Korean deck-Fill it with their cheapest infantry and T34 tanks-Go into online battle while yelling ""For Glorious Leader!"" over and over again-10 squads of T34s get annahaliated by a single squad of M1 Abrams-Infanty gets destroyed by superior technology of the enemy side-Lose battle, teamates furious-10/10 would North Korea again"
,Recommended,251060,16446988,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,big boy,"This game has a very high learning curve, and although im still learning and getting gud at the game, it is still very fun for anyone who likes a challenge"
76561197985432631,Recommended,251060,22250354,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Big Bachala,"I used to read books in my free time, Now I stare at warchat.....10/10"
,Recommended,251060,22521812,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,xiixJONNYiix,All time fave
,Not Recommended,251060,18729171,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,KINGQUES,"If you are on Mac Osx don´t buy the game , you can´t play it anymore (waiting for a patch to play online but it didn´t happen  that the patch was released to play online again). Eugen Sytems is a bad company."
76561198157384748,Recommended,251060,16122402,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Scottish Daniel,"A very good game well thought out and hundreds of hours or more can be put in heres a simply Good/Bad reviewPros;More Units than the previous twoMore BalancedMore MapsMore inventive and interesting campaign storylines.Cons;Mainly based on luck, your 200 point Su-27m can get shot down be Mig-21 Lazur worth 85 points if the game doesn't like you.Naval battles are boring watches ships shoot a each other for 25minutes isnt really enjoybleIf your easily offended I'd probably block Wargame Global as it is mainly filled with hate."
76561198044987695,Recommended,251060,30752884,Posted: 26 March,all,Hussite,"I originally got the game for the campaign, but upon realising it was in the Airland battle style (not scripted storyline) I decided to try out the multiplayer. After a couple of tries at learning the game, I finally got it, and it is really enjoyable. The deck building is amazing, as is the diverse country options. My biggest complaint would probably be the campaign not being the original European Escalation style. Other than that, watch out for noob stompers and you'll be fine."
,Recommended,251060,10884206,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Gen_Warlord,"Wargame Red Dragon provides for greater desks and unit compostion. The DLCS added over the course of the game have greatly improved some of the Nations that barely had any units before. The new nations have provided more selection, however they do lack in untis and overall firepower and dont really add much if playing a larger map.Overall the game improves on the last two and gives more options and shows it greatly by making a better experience for all."
76561198049449791,Recommended,251060,23118911,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Godphila,"I love this game. And let me tell you something: It is hard (Maybe because I am sh*t at strategy, but that's another topic). I gave my enemy a very bad deck of units, and set their A.I. To Easy, and they almost kicked my ... you know.The Pros:-The Unit selection is extremly big, with Units from Every nation, from Sweden to South Korea, from Czechia to North Korea. Each Nation has Tanks, Infantry (with Authentic Names), Artillery, Jets, Anti Tanks Unit, Ships, Helicopters, Commandvehicles, Recon Units and Supports (Several Nations share units, of course, but that is unavoidable)-The Units are very detailed, and are well balanced. The better a unit is, the more it costs, and the lower is the maximal number of untis of this type you can own.-Combat is fast and brutal. There is not much time to decide and improvise when you encounter your Enemy. Every Unit has Moral, which influences their behavior.-And most of all, it's very realistic. You have no idea what your enemy is doing, except through reconnaissance. If you don't have reconnaissance, you loose. There is no radius showing you how far your recon units can see, which always gives you the feeling of missing enemy movements.-The possibility to make a deck from ALL nations (of course only from either West or East, no mix-ups) is really really cool.-Full-fledged Cover system-The graphics is simply gorgeous.The Cons (Which are fairly few, because I almost always happy with games):-The Sea combat is very much improvable. There are not much sounds, the unit selection is small (Compared to the rest of the game), and the russians CIWS Systems are overpowered.-It's often difficult to command troops, as they all have different speeds, so the weak support and recon go ahead, and on enemy contact get instantly wrecked. There are no formations out of which you could choose to improve the survivability of units.-The Experience System has no influence what so ever.But this game is the wet dream of every Strategy Gamer who loves realism. If you don't have this game, get it. But wait for a sale, because 40€ are still a little much xD"
,Recommended,251060,16160790,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Herr Baron Von Blue,Is good
76561198121220796,Recommended,251060,25356821,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Anon,"A steep learning curve if youre just getting into the game, but loads of fun.didnt like the new netherlands dlc though, definately wasnt worth what i paid for."
76561198042645057,Recommended,251060,11653592,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Mad-Cow,"Really fun game; however, the learning curve is quite steep, so do yourself a favor and read the 200 page guide in the community guides section.This is not your typical RTS where you base build and what not, this is simple and utter destruction; how to best use the points that you have to counter and destroy the enemy.Also the visuals in the game are just amazing (even though you won't see them most of the time cause you are zoomed out trying to be a good commander)."
,Recommended,251060,14584056,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,M❤︎E.Fateweaver,it's ok
76561198094803338,Recommended,251060,18140295,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,GOD 6,"eugen idk if oyure gonna see this or not, but add ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of more ship options. like the arleigh-burke, and ticonderoga's, and maybe some spruance class ships if the arleigh-burke's are too advanced for the era. just do something to fix the naval combat of this game. give the US navy something respectable besides a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ outdated frigate. then maybe give the redfor some better asm planes and get rid of the spam of tiny ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little ships that would never be found in an open sea fight"
,Recommended,251060,25232773,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MrTurtleman1107,Am I the only person that would LOVE to have a game like this ibut during WWII time period
76561198135012808,Recommended,251060,20184688,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Captain MacMelon,Sort of a serious review-Pros:-Crazy amount of different units-Very detailed and varied maps-Commonwealth stronk-Very fun if you get into itCons:-F**KING ROCKET ARTY SPAM-SOVIET NAVY OP-Steepest learning curve known to man(picture a concrete wall leaning backwards 25 degrees)
,Recommended,251060,20815278,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,woolfoma,"Pros:Things explodeThings continue to explodeThings never stop exploding OH GOD WHY MY TANKS!!!*Things still exploding* &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ arty spam newb!""Cons:Calls True Best Korea by its fake name: North Korea"
,Recommended,251060,15440430,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jaxjace,"This game should come with a rule book thicker than the rules for W40KNeedless to say it takes a great deal of background knowledge, tactics, strategy, inginuity, creativity, logic, and a host of other skills that you dont need for most 'strategy' games, this is almost a simulator. Featuring a couple THOUSAND different units, it may seem overwhelming at first but once you spend a few hours building decks and reading guides, you will be ready for the most intense RTS you have ever played.From almost 20 different nations you command the military branches in their almost full power. I have never seen a more comprehensive list of units from these nations military except in some books. From the 1970s-90s everything these militaries had is at your disposal, this means that you can choose to bring 50 riflemen squads equiped for the vietnam war or 20 squads equiped for the gulf war with expensive high tech gear.  or any combination therof. the possibilities are almost limitless for building the force you deem acceptable for each job. But be warned, casualties in this game is for real, once a unit is dead in game it is dead for the duration of the match. Ammo and fuel are also factors, as well as morale, training and veterancy levels...This game is for robotic nazi super computers designed by rommel.11/10 would buy again"
76561198031065427,Recommended,251060,21680022,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Spartanmaster96,"This game is pretty awesome, but I must warn you that if you're completely new to wargame Such as myself, then your going to have to dedicate yourself on learning how to play. Unfortunately, there isnt really a real turtorial its just a written guide. I had to watch turtorials on youtube to really get the basics. only 8 hours in and I'm getting better but I still play as a rookie. As a total war player it was a huge transition and it took more effort to learn how to play than i thought. If you are considering on buyng this just know that there is a huge learning curve you have to overcome, but once you learn it really becomes enjoyable"
,Recommended,251060,23109105,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ヴェノムG,"The only game i can spam Katyusha's at 2 people and still get taken over because my Katyusha's could not hit the damn boats, ROCKETS ARE SO SLOW. DONT RECOMEND. if you suck at this game, helicopter spam. Always Works!"
76561198097469744,Recommended,251060,11592437,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,lamar554,I love this game
76561198006807823,Recommended,251060,24497354,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,holtr,"you need learn many game mechanics and tactics in these game, if you wanna to play multiplayer, or you will have win loose ratio 11, like me and nobody want me in team :)game is hard in single too"
,Recommended,251060,27130071,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,imdying,"If you like strategy and tactics, but only want to spend an hour or so playing this is the best game out there...EDIT - ahh so good."
,Recommended,251060,16546108,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Panzer VI,"Solid game, naval could do with some work, and free DLCs are quite rare at the time of writing.However, this game is slowly dieing, which is a shame as it is amazing, once you get the hang of the mechanics.If you are going to buy, I reccomend waiting for a sale, say 70%+ off."
76561198170178439,Recommended,251060,24284271,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Scary Terry SuperiorServers.co,i love this game
,Recommended,251060,24260295,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bouncer,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Recommended,251060,25252163,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bubbles,"Amazing game, I've sunk 47 hours in the last two weeks. I play on multiplayer with and against friends mostly.The main downside for me is the lack of maps, we've already played and replayed all the maps. Add in more maps!"
76561197989722913,Recommended,251060,24421302,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Thommo,Love this game. Always play it. Very repeatable campaign.I want more!
76561198066508250,Recommended,251060,24381529,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,General Alex,"Its a good game overall, frustrating at times, but on the whole its pretty good. I reccomend it to people who owned Airland Battle and other RTS outsiders. The simple point system means you can focus entirely on the combat side of things and not have to worry about base building or upgrades or anything like that. Dont buy into a units stats alone. Weaker units can kill stronger units if positioned correctly ( or if your oponent has no idea what they are doing). The enormous range of deck combinations is pretty awesome because you feel like its ""your"" army you are playing with. Your tanks, your troops, your planes. Dont make a ton of different armies because you will never use all of them and if you do you will constantly be trying to remember what goes where. Better to have a couple armies and then really get to know them.P.S Please dont spam artillery, I dont mind if you use it,but dont make an all arty support deck.P.S.S All of the above is my personal experience playing the game and if other people have had other experiences thats just fine. Im just trying to give some advice."
76561198060648879,Recommended,251060,30842680,Posted: 30 March,all,hayseddy,Spam enemy position with a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of artillary knock out thier air defence and then go all ape♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy with all the Bomber jets i have while preforming a beach landing on the other end of the map 10/10 its a game of deception.
,Recommended,251060,24654821,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Goldoche,Best RTS I have ever played.
,Recommended,251060,24627246,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Claw,"THE Modern War Stategy Franchise.Wargame is a no holds barred representation of the realities of a cold war era skirmish, presented in a format that while simple to learn, takes noteworthy strategic skill and rationality, and no small amout of practice, to master. Eugene has served up for us three generous offerings of Cold War gone hot goodness. Pick a flavour out of European Escalation classic; AirLand Battle extra sweet; or Red Dragon extra spicy. Then get ready to build up your deck of an insane selection of military hardware, and lead it across the decimated landscape of the Old World. Then rejoice or despair as appropriate as your brave army pulls off incredible victories, or gets shocked into submission by the opposing force. Not a game for the faint of heart, or the thin of patience, but I would absolutely recommend it to anyone else!"
,Recommended,251060,24625374,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pornhub PREMIUM,"Is an INCREDIBLE game and every RTS should be like this! My only request is to ability to battle using units dating back to the 1940s or 30s, which sadly isnt a thing and might never happen. So far the oldest units are from the late 59s and early 60s but i just think its pointless without vietnam. HOWEVER it is a great game and worth the money."
76561198084664414,Recommended,251060,24622754,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Luck,"I can't yet tell if it's an RTS where there's a simple permeating technique or combination of units that can win any fight, but then again I've only played one level. For twelve hours. Over and over again sending my units to their deaths. Digital scorch marks litter the land where squads of infantry were obliterated by Apache missiles and armored convoys met their end at the hands of long range artillery or guerrilla anti-tank units or that blasted destroyer that always seems to find its way within range of the city I'm traversing. Buy this game and tell me what the other levels are like."
76561198007245570,Recommended,251060,15896704,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,DrDryg,"Really nice game!I really enjoy the whole thing. Nice graphics, a lot of tactics and some strategy as well. The great variety of units, nationalities is wonderful. The campaigns are ok strategy wise. Good enough for me and I´m a single player only since I don´t have the time or skill for multiplayer. Since I´m also a bit slow I love the possibility of changing game speed which was lacking in the previous wargames. The possibility of saving when ever is appreciated as well when the kids need acute attention.When the campaigns are done, the replayablility is so, so, and for me, that only leaves skirmishes. A little bit disappointing but I don´t regret buying the game a second. Good value!What I would like to see is either more maps for skirmishes or rather, maybe a sort of sandbox or alternative campaign mode to increase replayability for us strictly single players. I will definitely buy the next wargame anyway if it´s as good as this.9,5/10"
76561198008486164,Recommended,251060,30399466,Posted: 8 March,all,remisaway,This is the only game I play every day. After defeating the single player I thought I would be prety good online but I was wrong. I have a friend of mine who is a fan of RTS games and he was convinced that he would easily beat the AI even thought he never played the game and guess what. He was wrong.  There is a lot to learn and to understand in this game  and also it is a decent simulation of a combined arms aproach in modern warfare. If you are seriuos about playing. Get it now.
76561198244611062,Recommended,251060,23448804,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,emmmmmm,"Very nice RTS game, defintely recommanded !"
,Recommended,251060,23158026,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Anc,"I really like this game. I only find 1 flaw, the AI is really ♥♥♥♥ing hard.Great Game"
76561197982223654,Recommended,251060,23259418,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Male Privilege,"I suck at this game, and still come back for more. Building your own army, or deck as they call it, is one of the coolest things I've ever done in an RTS. You can specialize in different branches for different boosts, however when doing this it locks you behind specific units for that specified branch. That being said, you can go in and not specialize in anything and use whatever you'd like. Oh, and there's a ton of countries/groupings of specific countries that you can use. Combined countries and their arms are always fun to dabble in and you can get lost building your perfect deck. Me? I like Stronk Soviet Union so that's all I build decks for. I sent 10 stronk Mi-24's to their death as I tried to rain fire down on some tanks and infantry in the woods, my team yelled at me, I ran out of command points to call units in, I cried, and we lost. I still love this game though.Community is toxic but also helpful at the same time so I can't complain.Oh and be prepared to get into stacked lobbies, usually the BLUFOR team is stacked, and lose many times."
,Recommended,251060,12960110,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mercury,"I have played all the games in the wargames series.  They are so far the best cold war rts games I have ever played.  This game is in my opinion a lot more realistic compared to other rts games, eventhough there might be a little bit of balancing issues."
76561198283268587,Recommended,251060,23266404,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Buker,GOOD GAME! HAVE A FUN
76561198007742331,Recommended,251060,23565047,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Totenkopf,"Hands down one of the best RTS games I've ever played. The detail, immersiveness and realism are unbelievable. This is not a knock on any Total War games, but unlike Rome 2 or Attila, you get a few FREE DLC's. The learning curve isn't the easiest, but it's not hard either. Mastering the game however, is a completely different story. It will kick your a s s and then kick you in the nuts even on easy difficulty. But that's what's great about this game. If you consider yourself a true RTS fan, definitely buy this game. Sale or no sale....get it"
76561198211451276,Recommended,251060,23534534,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,CATZILLER,awesome game!
,Recommended,251060,13557330,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Commando Green,"Great for Modern Day Strategy fans. Very tacitcal game and every game is different. You also got so many options of units, classes and countries to choose from. The possibilites are endless and is a great game for military strategy minds. I cant get enough of my NATO decks and in game operations."
76561198081858350,Recommended,251060,10938771,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fessay,"As a new player to the wargame series, I can safely say that this game is bloody terrifying. You have no idea what your doing, everyone else steam rolls you for some unknown reason, and you stop playing because you feel like the game is out of your intellictual league. Then you find a friend who teaches you a little, you work the rest out and have a great time. The game challenges you and will kick your♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you get used to it and learn to kick it back. The same applies for multiplayer, yet most people play against AI."
,Recommended,251060,11585399,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,ARHYST,"STRENGTHS: AVERAGE RTS, WITH VERY NICE GRAPHICSWEAKNESSES: ROTTEN COMMUNITY (AND THEY DONT BAN TEAMKILLERS)NEVER HAD SO MUCH FUN TEAMKILLING IDIOTS, AND HUMILIATING NOOBS."
76561198008463916,Not Recommended,251060,11937808,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,DroppMan,"Probably my favorite system of any RTS ever! Play it!Don't be dissuaded by the learning curve. There's plenty of good guides/videos out there that explain some fairly basic things that completley change your understanding of how the game works, and explains why that thing you don't understand is happening.nope nope nope, see below......"
,Recommended,251060,15706956,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Eliot,"I love everything about this game,"
76561198083992066,Recommended,251060,15804871,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Inspector G Spot,Best RTS that has EVER been created.10/10
,Recommended,251060,15818808,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Grimreaper,Love this game. VERY technical and very intense for a strategy game.
76561198165990913,Recommended,251060,15402903,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,PiluLost,the best strategy game
76561198007860292,Recommended,251060,15462611,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Kerry,"If you prefer playing RTS, this is definitely the game for you. It's pretty much similar to Command & Conquer Generals except that this game allows you to utilize air, land and sea units. This game is quite challenging and difficult to play. It requires you to divide your attention to several units, control points and etc. Last but not least, it is quite realistic."
,Recommended,251060,15493663,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[OpFor] Ghost,"A great game, that pisses you off, but is sooo addictive.You will most probably want to play this game for the multiplayer, considering the AI is pretty bland.And multiplayer can be amazing or it can be a Cluster ♥♥♥♥, depends on who is on your team really.Not a game you want to just throw your troops at the enemy, You need to think, addapt and cooperate to win.It features a good amount of different countries to fight with and against, devided in Blue and Red, blue being NATO or those allied with it in some way and Red being Warsaw Pact with those that would Ally with them, China, North korea ...each countries troops have similarties to each other and also big differences, in what they can use as material for example. for example West Germany has Leopard2A5 and the French have the Leclerc.the interesting part about this game, for me, is that you make a 'deck' of troops (think like making a deck in a card game)before you enter a battle, in the battle you have a certain amount of points that you can spend to 'place' these troops on the battlefield or later during the battle, call them in as reinforcements. Each troop has a certain amount of points cost, for example: early tanks that are not that good will be cheaper than the best of the line and last produced tanks.You also have a fixed amount of troops you have to your disposal,for example you can only call in 12 leopards2a1. so using them wisely and being carefull when and where to use them makes a difference. Not only in the fact taht you have a limited amount of troops usually the games goal is to destroy a certain amount of 'points' of the enemy team. for example destroy 1000 points of enemy troops to win. so destryoing a tank that costs the enemy 180 points is great, compared to only a tank of 20 points. vice versa the lose is also worse if it's a good, expensive tank.You can have all sorts of troops in the game. ranging from infantry and tanks, to airplanes, ships and logistical units, which is to say that logistical units are a very important part of the game. you will need to ressuply your troops with ammo, fuel and repairs. Although this seems like a hassle, it's actually done in an easy, straightforward way, that yet keeps the tactical and strategical importance of logistics inside the game.there's a lot more to be said about this game. Id say go watch a let's play to get a better understanding of it, it's easy yet has depth to it."
76561198010893607,Recommended,251060,15678153,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ruski,get jiggy with ti
,Recommended,251060,15689949,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Darth Marsuli,Guinea pig seal of approval.
76561198079472353,Recommended,251060,15721907,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,The Thot Police,"Like big battles?Like alot of troop choices?Like Playing as France and actually winning?Hate Naval Battles?Then get this game junior, you won't regret itUnless you play Naval Battles, f### Naval Battles"
76561197981069071,Recommended,251060,15722338,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,^2higgins0112,The best strategy game i have ever played
76561198074727636,Recommended,251060,15835824,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Cracker with Cheese,it's fully sick!
76561198129940711,Recommended,251060,27693441,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NightMare,"This is easily my favorite RTS, but it is a bit confusing at first. After you understand how everything works, it becomes super fun and amazing to play. Would defiently recommend this game to any RTS lovers!"
76561198022238133,Recommended,251060,19250730,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Makors,Quite an enjoyable game so far !! One Year Later and still think the same :)
76561197974674638,Recommended,251060,27107399,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Achtung,Excellent game for any bonafide strategy lover.  Just stay away from the in-game General Chat.
,Recommended,251060,15114094,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Defender of Khartoum,"Sitting in a Lobby Simulator 2016 and Smasher of Noobs AwardBest of the series and one the the most fun real time stratagy games made, if you like tanks, helis, aircraft, troops and ships then you WILL LOVE using them all blowing each other litrally out the water. Imjproves of the last two as there mulitplayer is pretty dead. Quite a steep learning curve although if you start by playing noob multiplayer games and not 10v10s then poeple will like you alot more ;D. One last aspect of this game is that using historical staragy can actually work, I brought The Art of War off amazon and tried a few tactics from the master that is Sun Tzu and they actually worked!"
,Recommended,251060,27138918,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EnigmaStoleMyBike,"You dont buy this game for its gameplay, no! You buy it for the exclusive access to the best chatroom ever created.Also its a great game."
76561198045770444,Recommended,251060,27143094,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sjagrusa,Please play this game
,Recommended,251060,14239697,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,KhanIndustries,"The Wargame series are some of the best RTS games out there and rank among the titans of RTS gaming in my opinion.You can play it single player, multiplayer and in between (even humans with AI). It includes a massive number of units from different nations deck building, land forces, marine forces, air forces and even limited naval forces. It really has it all and as a nice bonus it covers a period of time which not too many games cover, the cold war period and it does it really well.It is very unique in that it is, to my knowledge, the only game that handles complex and modern weapon systems and it does it very well. It is an RTS but Wargame will be a very unique experience and will feel like no other RTS you've played before.I really can't say enough good thigs about this game and there are a ton of reviews that go over the specifics. If you're into RTS games I'm confident you'd enjoy it for a long time to come. The amount of decks (armies) you can build for either you or the AI to use, the number of tactics at your disposal and many other things. It is games like this that lend credence to PC gaming.Does it do everything perfect? Of course not but it does do everything good and those are usually the games that stand the test of time and I'm sure I'll be playing this far into the future. I know I'll be playing this until the operating systems of the tomorrow no longer want to run it, or until the next installment of the series comes out.It's vast and deep games like this that caused me to put down my Nintendo controller and use a keyboard many, many years ago. Excellent job developers."
,Recommended,251060,19470441,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,mammothrider,上手难度非常高的RTS类游戏。不过一旦入门了，这游戏就很好玩了。
76561198030491729,Recommended,251060,27084759,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Yellow King,10/10 would side shot with 20 ap again.
76561198121496573,Recommended,251060,27030631,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pure_Gaming,"This game is a challenge and there is no easy mode the AI can be cheap, The players are decent and watch out for the air spam."
76561198039886796,Recommended,251060,27018958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Old_King_Fred,"All maglan, no skill"
,Recommended,251060,27017212,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Titenic,"If you want to experience the ""Cold War Goes Hot and Tactical"" WG:RD is where it is at.The few improvements over the previous installments includes more unit/faction variety (with upcoming faction DLCs will expand said variety) and basic naval combat, culminating in a overall combined arms battlefield.The game would be better if there were more single-player story scenarios added; expand on the naval combat with inclusion of more ship classes and types; more factions, especially those that would expand on the European battlefield (i.e. Mediterranean nations like Italy, Greece, Bulgaria, Romania, etc.)Overall is a solid RTS for those who are looking for this type. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,251060,26993676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Firepower,The best game of the series. The naval units are underwhelming but everything else is a huge improvement over the rest of the series.
,Recommended,251060,27423319,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cool Harvey,"SO fantastic a game, waht else to say?"
76561198077154377,Recommended,251060,12204166,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BreadComet,"Great game, naval is a bit broken and the game takes a while to learn but the land based portion of the game is very fun and makes the long time that it takes to get used to the game worth it."
76561198007307650,Recommended,251060,14535548,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Legatus Brutus,The wargame series is one of the best game series I have ever stumbled across. With a fair price and almost infinite online replayability. Wargame Red Dragon will suit anyone who is a fan of military strategy RTS.
,Recommended,251060,14545362,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Chocolate Thunder,Soviets be mad
76561198144569603,Recommended,251060,14551814,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,poisonedzoro,This game is dum fun period  no explantion needed   all you need to know is its fun and cool but anooying at times  but   its a great game either way so thats why it gets  thumbs
,Recommended,251060,14586508,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Untamed Caviar,"What do you need to know about Wargame: Red Dragon?Dragons aren't in the game, but you can nuke Japan and conquer North Korea.9/10. Needs actual dragons."
,Recommended,251060,14575866,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kohlrabi,The best game I never play.
76561198053734879,Not Recommended,251060,14579224,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,lifferds,"Possibly a good game for experienced players, but gaining that experience is truly one of the most frustrating things in computer gaming. There is a tutorial which is almost worthless as it is basically an extension of the manual with no easy skirmish mode that leads you step by step into the basics of gameplay. Nothing to show you basic tactical strategies or how to position units or use cover or air support. You are immediately thrown to the wolves and a forty minute skirmish might be over in 3 minutes because the AI is fully up to speed while you are still lacing your boots.Glad I only wasted $10 on this. I certainly don't recommend this for anyone without experience in similar Wargames games or who are willing to spend hours getting up to speed where they will not die in the first few minutes."
76561198166679675,Recommended,251060,14598124,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Fortunate Son,Do you enjoy not understanding what the hell your supposed to be doing for the first hour of playing then still be confused for the next two hours to come but still enjoy watching your teammates do everthing look no further
76561198068822702,Recommended,251060,14427283,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,PEPSI GRENADE,its a great game with awesome weapons and logistics  and after so long i still am learning.wargame series100/10
76561198028032527,Recommended,251060,14429620,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Facialmatters,Wargasm: Red Erection. Everytime.
76561198040384009,Recommended,251060,14432406,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,wov_ace,A great strategy game overall. And the simulated mechanics of each vehicle is as accurate as it was historically back then.Only issue that I have: where are the Italians? They possessed pretty good military equipment at the height of the Cold War then.
76561198018194042,Recommended,251060,14425679,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,rohanisaac,"If you're looking for a modern real life RTS, then look no further!The scale of the game is just massive with over 1600+ units to choose from !This is as real a game can get when showing modern vehicular warfareP.SNaval sucks and it seems even the developers have given it up totally. But it's worth checking it out"
76561198136670199,Recommended,251060,14427029,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Setimanosomo,You know that feeling when a NATO anti-ship missile FINALLY slips through PACT CIWS? That feeling is what makes the smoldering remains of my entire flotilla worth it.
76561198171897237,Recommended,251060,14409938,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,God Emperor Trump,This game is an awsome game to with friends.
,Recommended,251060,14450558,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Zesty Mordant Soul,"Easiest way to explain this game series is Total War in the modern ages, or Company of Heroes: The Cold War, with a dynamic campaign meta map. That is a complete over simplification of course, but the game basically takes place in turn based campaign maps with realistic real time battles on fixed maps during the late Cold War era.Graphics are great, sound is amazing, and the campaigns are really informed alt history ideas presented with enticing old school ""news reel"" videos. Simple, but fun and effective presenation. Quality wise these games are very well made, with a few bugs here and there, and UI ""quirks"" that take a little getting used to. The Wargame games are also constantly being patched and improved, and with a set of FreeLC at your disposal.This one adds in naval combat as well to the series, so if you haven't bought a Wargame title yet and are wondering which one to go for first, I'd say this one for the simple fact it has all the bells and whistles of the past with the above and I'm sure a few more improvements I haven't really noticed being a bit of a noob with the franchise.Only real consumer down side if your weighing this agaisnt something like CoH2, if you can call it that, is they have a very steep learning curve. Once you get past that first layer of learning however it becomes a very intuitive game engine. Online is a very steep curve to get used to as well difficulty wise, but I've run into a fair amount of like minded noobs to learn with. From my experience the existing old guard player base is a healthy, helpful community as well even when they're wiping the floor with you're army online lol."
,Recommended,251060,14452560,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Acme weapons co.,"First impression:Very nicely done. The tutorials could have been better made but after getting a hold on the mechanics it really works out.Great detail. Nice effects.Bought the game on sale. No problem BUT when I bought the same game as a gift for my friend he got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ polish version of the game. What's the logic? I bought it, all in english. Gifted it, all polish.I still recommend this game, however I might change my mind if the support won't provide a correct cd-key for english version of the game."
76561198067774312,Recommended,251060,14453367,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,JonBax,"A high quality RTS with Macro and Micro tactics, good price, 3 free dlc's, and great community.* Please read up on how to play the game, it does have a slight learning curve."
76561198116492660,Recommended,251060,14493904,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Shaun1805,"I've never enjoyed getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in so many ways. There are 100's of ways to be outmaneuvered. The deep level of strategy needed to win a battle is insane. I've once spent 30 minutes just trying to over come an entrenched hill only to get the hill then to be surrounded by anti tank and heli's all waiting for me on the other sid of the horizon.I would change some things though: Jets need to be stronger, Heli's can take way to much damage. But other than that I would still give this game a 9/10. Great game, BUY it!"
76561197966629677,Recommended,251060,14494936,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,WaMpa,"Very good game, I love the drag and drop units map and then jump onto real time fighting. Alot of strategies and great time mastering all the little stuff. Great game"
76561198027293294,Recommended,251060,14495640,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Grim Looter,"A Masterfully balanced and deep game of strategy and grand-scale conflict that no Armchair-General should live their lives without experiencing. Also, for the first time in RTS history - 'Straya!"
76561198093642814,Recommended,251060,27612012,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xtreme Meal,Really good game and very fun multiplayer.
,Recommended,251060,28154230,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,mixtape,PROS:-napalm-so much napalm-over 2000 units to choose from- lots of countries ranging from japan all the way to sweden and everything in between!-diverse mechanics-great map design-awesome animations and effects-SU-27PU most OP fighter jet iv ever seen-mig 15 spam-MI-24A spam-north korean elite conscripts-luring an M1A2 into a forest with chinese conscripts only to have it come face to face with 200 more conscripts-shooting down a 170 point plane with a 30 point SPAAG-serbia-serbia is strong-no turks-lots of ways to play the game-different ways to adapt your deck of units to fit your play style or the task at hand-despite the games untis usually comming from the cold war there is an overwhelming amount of ww2 units-lots of different map types ranging from open ocean for naval warfare to deep jungles for infantry ambushing-diverse community that often refuses to speak english with you even though your on a north american server-diverse and awesome single palyer missions-randomly bombing the forest near your base and killing 200 points worth of infantry and their vehicals.CONS:-really big learning curve-some units are so bad its pointless to have them and they seem like fillers-israel will ruin your life whether your arab or not-SU-27PU shooting down anything it meets (i had one take on 3 jets and win)-MIG-15 spam-MI-24A spam-us special forces are completely aweful at anything that isnt attacking other infantry-rocket spam-russians-russians who refuse to try and communicate and opt to spam helis and fail then surrender-teamates who enter your lobby and say nothing then proceed to enter the game and only then realise you speak english. they then proceed to good translate some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ english from what ever eastern europeon language they speak and leave the game without doing anything there for wasting everyones time including their own-people who play the game better than i do-as a noob you will often be kicked from lobbies-unforgiving community who doesnt seem to want to help you-global chat. dont even start me.
,Recommended,251060,28172434,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Federal Autocrats of America,"Prepare for war! Since this ain't gonna be an easy fight to finish. Or an easy war to master. Even if we can get a could army deck going. The enemy can get back up with the Command Vehicle. And if this is destruction. Then Camp and kill there best units.Comrades, brace for impact!DEFCON#3/10"
76561198271596816,Recommended,251060,28244756,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,turbolukeman,"love this game! adds realistic stragety into the RTS industry. The hundreds of units allow for diverse gameplay. I really enjoy how you can zoom all the way in and follow the action, or zoom out and view the battle from a satillite point of view."
,Recommended,251060,28292417,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Jetrise,"I have played WarGame before from the start of AirLand battle and a fan of RTS games.Positives:- Great RTS gameplay.- Very nice balance between realistic battles and action packed battles.- Runs well.- Supportive Community, constant updates in terms of free/paid DLC's.- Good map scale.Negatives:- Graphics are starting to fall behind with leading RTS games.- I would suggest in-game VOIP for better teamwork as this game heavily relies on teamwork in MP.Specs:CPU: i7 4790K OC 4.4 GHzGPU: GTX 1070RAM: 8GB DDR3 2133 MhzInstalled on SSD."
76561198227029212,Recommended,251060,28284754,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,wmvanerkel,"You have a bit of homework to do as there are tons of unit types. The multiplayer is a great way to get more knowledge of the game and test different army composites. Join the 20 player games though, it is a bit more forgiving. Still I have no clue what every weapon does. It's a great strategy game worth playing.I've also added one of the nation packs, still not sure if it was worth it. It unlocks one nation in the game."
,Recommended,251060,28248378,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ThirtyTech,"This is one of the most realistic combat games i have played. The action is a little fast paced compared to a real life scenario. However this is offset by the fact you need to know how to use every unit in the game in order to effectively support your military and respond to threats including logistics. Also a great way to see how real combat strategies play out, blitzkreig, envelopment, false retreat enclosment, etc."
76561198056965688,Recommended,251060,28268845,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,udi194,what about new maps?
,Recommended,251060,28077244,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rocktavia,"So, you are a complete newbie and you want to learn the game. you have 2 choices.1: singleplayer, play skirmish and get stomped by the cheating Zergrushing AI2: join random multi server, get kicked after they see your single digit level2+: join a random 3vs3 ""noobs Only"" Server, you get to play as REDFOR. Everybody in the BLUFOR team is level 20+.10/10 IGN ""the Warchat is the true experience, the rest is just a Cold War RTS minigame"""
,Recommended,251060,28146875,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MechPilot524,I've spent so much more time crafting decks and pitting WW2-era fights (400 T-34s vs 400 M18 Hellcats M36 Slaggers and M24 Chaffees) than actually playing the game.(But the gameplay itself is fun too)
76561198087975095,Recommended,251060,21609369,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,THE RED ROT 1,"East German LSTR-40STG 943 (5.45mm)  x 3200	Ground = 525 m Suppression 40 533 r/minRPG-29 Vampyr (105mm HEAT) x 6 Ground = 875 m Accuracy = 70 AP power 24 10 r/minIgla (Infrared) Helicopters = 2450 m Airplanes = 1960 m Accuracy = 55 HE power 4 6s r/minTransportsSPW-60PBSPW-70SPW-80THS Mi-8TTHS Mi-8TVTHS Mi-24ATHS Mi-24DArmed with a reliable assault rifle; state of the art LAW and a decent AA launcher. This unit is the ultimate special forces unit dedicated to operate behind enemy line. Like any special forces unit, they can out run every infantry unit except other special forces. with their weaponry they can deal with any kind of threat they can possibly encounter. When spotted by a recon helicopter they can simply shoot it down with their AA.Now get this game and use some LSTR-40s"
76561198006664216,Recommended,251060,28143216,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[GART] TheBoik,Incredible! THE militay simulation. Huge replayability! ;)
,Recommended,251060,28112329,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Atreides,"Yep, like it."
76561198018232292,Recommended,251060,28070957,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RGchainsaw69,A hidden jem for any RTS lovers a must buy!!!
76561197988197863,Recommended,251060,28044223,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Molekyylitatti,"A great RTS. Requires some microing and your undivided attention in online games, but the rewards are there when your sneak attack with DDR's elite units destroys your enemy's reinforcement convoyQuite a high learning curve and chances are that you will be decimated in online games in the beginning. Tutorials are not very helpful either, but if you have a friend who knows something about the game you are off to a good start.Community is also quite helpful and can give you good tips during games. Community guides are also a great resource to improve your play."
76561198088822615,Recommended,251060,28260911,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Stab I./JG52,Has a very steep learning curve. I gave up on it twice. I am so glad I came back because suddenly the game clicked. It all makes so much sense now and is so much fun to play.
,Recommended,251060,28260562,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Twistah,Learning curve is more brutal than the rodney king beating.Once you get below average at the game it only keeps getting better.Warchat is great too
76561198021384208,Recommended,251060,28395270,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,jhizzil,Falklands 1982 how long do we have to wait
,Recommended,251060,28420479,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,sudo,"Albeit a quite steep learning curve, once you do get into it you will be hooked"
,Recommended,251060,28410894,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Hydra,"Steep learning curve. I would suggest playing your first round with a friend and going over the workings of the game before you do anything serious. That being said, it's a great game with hopefully more fun DLC on the way."
,Recommended,251060,28087926,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,OMG Inw4lid!,Love this game. I just wish it would get more singleplayer content like 2nd Korean War. I just don't have enough time to get good at multiplayer
76561198024272721,Recommended,251060,28335611,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Gaming101,Absolutey awesome game has tons of strategy only con is a really buggy stupid AI
76561198285040492,Recommended,251060,28339174,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,HorizonSpirit,"Seems like a fun game only 20seconds playing but many more hours to come, great grapichs Need more people to play with though"
76561198025825890,Recommended,251060,28531677,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Najmanj,"Great game, highly detailed, few games have 10v10 capabilities that actually work and make sense. Highly addictive once youve passed 50hs gameplay."
,Recommended,251060,27429161,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hac850,"I thoroughly enjoy this game.  With that said, there is a steep learning curve.  It can be difficult to start with but just stick with it and it will work out great for you.  Take some time to read the guides.  If you put some effort into learning the ins-and-outs of the game, as well as a bit of micro-management you'll be great.I recommend watching Stealth17's videos as a tutorial.  He does a great job of explaining how and why you should do certain things on the game.  Also, his videos are very entertaining while providing such insight."
,Recommended,251060,27274575,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Para,Are there still good Strategy Games out there ? YES !
76561198122681833,Recommended,251060,27740717,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fire.luca0,Great
76561198042848336,Recommended,251060,23440005,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,mmihai352,"Great game. I keep coming back to it and it is still very enjoyable and interesting. Quite a while after release, the game is still visually stunning and new content is still being developed."
76561198009287632,Recommended,251060,20296483,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[PsI] Operative13,Micromanagement Simulator 2016.
,Recommended,251060,25798497,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,(productive member of society),"If you lose your login, you are ♥♥♥♥ed.+++edit+++They de-linked my key from the account, enabling me to create a new account. Wish it was a ready available feature, but at least the support team is available and acts quickly. I change my review to a thumb-up, but i seriously wish they solved this issue in a more user-friendly way."
76561198059410549,Recommended,251060,26241705,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mr. Beaver FTW,"After getting this game on a steam sale and playing it for an hour or 2, I was put off by the hectic learning curve and uninstalled. Wargame red dragon has been lying in my library for a very long time and I recently decided to give it a legitimate shot.I HAVE TO NOTE THAT I REGRET NOT PUTTING IN THE EFFORT BACK THEN.Once you take the time to learn the game, you start admire the detail and effort that has been put in the game. The tactical aspect makes this game what it is. Its stands out from the rest and allows you to really feel like a general controlling the battlefield. I have probably played busan pocket campaign 50 times and still find it challenging but so rewarding.I full heartedly recommend you get this game and put in the effort. Google tutorials and watch Stealth17 on youtube and you will love this game."
76561198273361658,Recommended,251060,29500570,Posted: 26 January,all,Rainmaker,"If I'd start writing about this game it would take whole day, so try it out. There isnt comparable game and wont be so soon. It is complex as game can be. Billion units and even more ways to use them. Whatever you do dont go 10 vs 10 when you start playing..........Excesive use may cause brain damage."
76561198066777336,Recommended,251060,27721161,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LeotheCrab,👍
76561198312183025,Not Recommended,251060,25314838,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bling Ming,it was more fun when you could do the campaign on multiplayer so if you update the game please add it to it please
,Recommended,251060,23455577,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Nilop,"It's brilliant.Great scale and campaigns are well thought out.I have yet to see any bugs, and you losing is aways your fault and not on the game.Only issue I've encountered so far is that lag really affects a multiplayer game, so people with potato internet connection beware."
76561198006555519,Recommended,251060,10684396,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Automatix,Great game with new coalitons and new amazing stuff!
76561198107772400,Recommended,251060,28128012,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jeb Bush,Really the best part of this game is the chat. You can find some of the weirdest♥♥♥♥♥♥and also the funniest. I mean yeah the other parts of the game are really good. But the chat is where its at. Also russian bias
,Recommended,251060,31160180,Posted: 15 April,all,Fool´s Pryro,"Wargame: Red Dragon is a cool rts game that is set in the 80s to 90s, basically it has that ""Cold war"" feel. It is definely the most advanced rts game i have played (however i have not played some well know rts games so someone might disagree with this). There is a lot to learn when starting the game and many strategies to beat your enemies.Game has a campaign, all of them are fictional conflicts. I won´t spoil them for you. Then there is the skirmish, where you can practice against AI and then there is multiplayer.Do not forget about the Wargame chat, the place where you can find highly educated political opinions about current events in the world, memes and helpful advice with computer problems."
76561197964574299,Recommended,251060,28476209,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,-SIBERIANWOLF-,can play AGAIN!!!!! grafik bug fixed!!!! one of the best RTS !!!!
,Recommended,251060,24782422,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Duck Without Wings,10000/10Great game. Great company. Mostly Free DLC. If it came with boobs it would be complete.
76561198075963948,Recommended,251060,31273244,Posted: 21 April,all,ftw1985,Best RTS game ever made. For so many reasons. Not suitable for casual gamers though (which is a big advantage)
76561198130996471,Recommended,251060,31326713,Posted: 23 April,all,ECG Cpt. Recneps,"I love this game. It so much fun to command an entire battlefield. The community is generally very nice. Wargame Chat is full of trolls and radicals. I have not really played the multiplayer a whole lot but I have played enough to know there are those who are very hardcore about this game and will absolutely destroy you if you are not careful. The multiplayer is deffinitely not for those who just started the game. I am still not the greatest at the game but I am gradually getting better and better with more skirmishes I play. The campaigns can be very fun and each time you play through it, it will be different. The units that you choose to use can be very wide ranging and you can choose how to go about taking a sector. The skirmish battles are fun even when you are alone. I would reccomend this game if you do not mind a lot of micromanagement. There is less micro than games like Hearts of Iron but more than games like Company of Heroes because your units can run out of ammo, fuel, and need repairs.Overall I would give this game a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,251060,30363299,Posted: 6 March,all,Ghost Of The Fright Black As A B,its good
76561198079545168,Recommended,251060,30374712,Posted: 7 March,all,meadman( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)乇乂,My favorite RTS game by far the realism for modern warfare is exceptional. I truely hope we see more of these games... hey devs... north america?
76561198289630998,Recommended,251060,30345481,Posted: 5 March,all,ReaperActual,Very hard stratigic game that you really need to focus on it depends hardly on your decisions to move your units to attack or to defend a point I seriously suggest this game to those who are really good at stratigic games.
,Recommended,251060,10632512,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JewJitsue'd,ayyy
,Recommended,251060,30348145,Posted: 5 March,all,mr. david,"This, & wargame: airland battle are probably my two favorite RTS games.Nigh flawless gameplay. Now I just need a few more copies of it for my friends! :)"
76561198111963592,Recommended,251060,30285638,Posted: 2 March,all,LeoJohn787,its complex but great
76561198255174109,Recommended,251060,30278951,Posted: 2 March,all,Kelpy G,Good game 10/10
76561198108160601,Recommended,251060,15370670,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,mesikam,perfect game!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,251060,26346569,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,bottle,This game is dank.
,Recommended,251060,26346849,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,The Dark Lord,"Anyone remember Toy Soldiers for the Xbox Arcade?Imagine that but on a whole new scale!This is one of the best RTS military strategy games that I have seen in a long time. YOU are the one to create your own scenarios and strategies to conquer the battlefield. The multiplayer is fantastic, and if you're a singleplayer fanatic like me, then fret not, because the AI is also challenging without making it too impossible. Everything is small from a bird-eye view, but zoom in, and your little toy soldiers and tanks come to life....Just make sure to destroy those Anti-Air guns before sending in 20 napalm bombers to the battlefield. Attempting to crash-land planes into AA guns after being shot down is NOT a good strategy...Although that would be cool if it worked...."
76561198055012204,Recommended,251060,26265513,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Poland Cannot into Anschluss,I fell down the learning curve. It really hurts.
76561198139904937,Recommended,251060,26522058,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,field4e,Brilliant graphics and great for LANs
76561198095761584,Recommended,251060,26568843,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,goodguybrons,"Not for the faint of heart. First few games you will die like a ♥♥♥♥♥, but once you get the hang of it, you will be responsible for forcing lesser men to quit in immature rage when you beat their♥♥♥♥♥over, and over, AND OVER again.10/10."
,Recommended,251060,26782888,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nightrader,Rockets. So many rockets.
,Recommended,251060,26835727,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sotakon-E,Steep learning curve but the action is totally worth it
,Recommended,251060,26820803,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ERK,"Spam arty, recieve bacon."
,Recommended,251060,26851043,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Terru,"Fantastic cold war era RTS that continues to recieve constant updates from PC focused devs.  If you enjoy nerding about older tanks and planes, you'll enjoy this game.  While not realistic in a hardcore sense, it is one of the most realistic RTS's out there.  For many, there is no other game quite like it."
76561198056824990,Recommended,251060,26857751,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,aj4709,"This is really two games in one,you get a really cool RTS set in the cold war.And you also get a constantly evolving chat simulator, with the most up to date database of♥♥♥♥♥♥posts and memes."
76561197970773588,Recommended,251060,26584371,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Milo.[HUN],"Wargame is the best modern military RTS out there, period.You can go from satellite view to unit level view without a hitch and the graphics don't disappoint. Beautiful landscape, models and animations, nice soundscape (from radio chatter to explosions) and a realistic combined arms gameplay.It has a steep learning curve - due to realistic unit movement speeds, you need to think two steps ahead, and not only manage the usual build-move-attack trio, but also manage your supply lines. You can have the best units out there on the front without your supply trucks replenishing their ammo or fuel.Unfortunatly, the AI cheats at anything above Easy level (more reinforcements than it should have), so it's not easy to learn and progress on your own. I'm told multiplayer is the real meat of the game - I've yet to try anything beyond coop vs AI with a friend.If you're interested in modern military tech and battlefield tactics, this is a must buy for you."
76561198073238565,Recommended,251060,26713242,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Humlan,Good game
76561198005732966,Recommended,251060,26741910,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lorcis,"I have played this game for five years now since the beginning and wargame airland battle.I have always loved wargaming so this was a no brainer for me.The game is easy to learn so people learn it well.easy to play, tough to win.The develepers are very active in listening to the community, not experienced any bugs in my five years of play.The community can be a little unfriendly but once you learn to use the big red mute button it gets better with every press of that beautiful button.What a great game, pure strategy and tactics, very well balanced and the developers ( eugen ) are always tweaking the balance to make it better.Lots of people are willing to help you learn along with great steam guides, in game tutorials and campaigns as well as  youtube videos which help you hit the game running.I dont really have any complaints, perhaps the navy could be a little improved but no complaint.I would like to see more beautiful graphics but what they have is nice and very easy to view.a full range of easy to use effective weapons are available including smoke, morale, recon and logistics bring life to the game. it is real strategy with astounding depth. not just a simple play.The better you prepare, the more effective you areI Love this game, perhaps it is my favorite or one of my favorite games.did not plan this review, if i think of more to say i will add to it.Please buy this game, you won't be sorry.I am Lorcis and willing to help new players.I just noticed that steam only shows single and multiplayer but it is coop too with up to 10 v 10 players each side"
76561198112655663,Recommended,251060,26733440,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Gamingbox,I have put many hours into this game. And you know what? Time well spent.
,Recommended,251060,26724853,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,matty1053,"An absolute great stragtegy game!  Having played every single other Wargame (European Escalation, and ALB), I have to say this one fits well.  The number of units are GREAT.  Not sure exactly how many units there are, but there's a crap ton!!!Graphics are just beautiful, sounds are great, and the gameplay overall is epic.The ingame chat box at the main menu is very entertaining as well, NO I am NOT kidding.However, if anyone thinking this game is 'easy', or if you are new to the strategy genre, it could take you quite some time to get it nailed down.  Do NOT get upset, you WILL lose a LOT of units.  Just make sure you plan ahead, always have Anti-Air, and Anti-Tank.  Do not do silly things with your jets either.  You WILL lose them very easily.  Most times I have played, the enemy team is stacked with Anti Air assets.  (Specially if they are USSR/Redfor with the BUK system).  However, some players end up ragequitting.  It's understandable, but a lot of times it's just pure ""throw the white flag up!"".The developers are going to be fixing and adding more factions to the Redfor to balance it out, as the Blufor is very decked.  But, the weaponry is great on redfor.I recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,251060,27583653,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sea_Laszlo,"The learning curve is steep with this one, but once you master the basics and make your way into multiplayer it's easily one of the more rewarding experiences. If I were to describe Wargame I would say that it's a salient military strategy game minus the boring simulator bits. I would recommend to to folks already familiar with the RTS genre. Don't gift this game to causals this Christmas; they'll be super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the difficulty and immediately remove it. I have already gifted this game to three friends and family to no effect; save your money. Purchase this for yourself and gift KOTOR this holiday season."
76561198051159121,Recommended,251060,27536145,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,oWe,Very solid game
,Recommended,251060,27573737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Laivindil,"Improves in pretty much every way over the previous titles. The DLC/post release support has been pretty great as well. One of the best wargame series of recent years. The depth and skill ceiling of this game are phenominal, and while I am terrible at the multiplayer it is still impressive and fun to play."
76561197991238274,Recommended,251060,27565276,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Katy,"If you love RNG, play this game. If you don't love the die, don't play this game."
76561198073047994,Recommended,251060,27564257,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GoldenEgg13,Nothing gets done without oil and rockets10/10 - Best Bush simulator
76561198001660421,Recommended,251060,27808795,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kortez Kardinal,Best game inside of a gameWarchat - forever in oue hearts.
,Recommended,251060,27816942,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MKAM99,This game is an awesome strategic masterpiece of Eugen Systems and I enjoy playing it. Wonderfully animated textures and good balancing.
76561198015998720,Recommended,251060,27781409,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alamode,One of if not the best modern based strategy game availablewould recommend 10/10
,Recommended,251060,33225050,Posted: 4 July,all,✪ PW,"Amazing army simulator, funny and true10/10"
,Recommended,251060,33046156,Posted: 30 June,all,Largos,"Some good ol' fashioned cold war era fun. The wargame series is one of the few series where it gets considerably better everytime. While Naval doesn't have quite the best balance in 10 v 10 multiplayer due to the effectiveness of spamming ASM planes, everything else seems to work really well. Crazy variety of units and factions, not to mention beautiful fights to watch when you're not too busy managing reinforcements."
76561198000836625,Recommended,251060,33013357,Posted: 29 June,all,SpikeAUS85,"Brilliant RTS, absolutely brilliant, takes some getting used to the level of mechanics in the game but once you do, you'll find it very rewarding"
76561198101715750,Recommended,251060,33011060,Posted: 29 June,all,f2eagle624,"One of my favorite games in my library, awesome graphics, large 10v10 multiplayer battles, great community. But some things I would like to see is; improved navy, more gamemodes, and maybe the ability to make your own mods and maps. otherwise you guys are doing great and i'd like to see the Wargame franchise grow."
,Recommended,251060,33249347,Posted: 4 July,all,JayFergg92,One of the first games i got on steam. Vant find any other game like this.
,Recommended,251060,33362707,Posted: 7 July,all,Yi Heng,"A good strategy game with lots of nations to play as, tons of units and a decent AI. Difficult to learn, however gets easier the more you play."
,Recommended,251060,33372053,Posted: 8 July,all,Storm,You can play as every major miliatary power in the world.Multiplayer is fun and competitive.Alot of variation in building your unit decks.
,Recommended,251060,33288087,Posted: 5 July,all,SgtSchmidt11,One of my favorites.
76561198394850123,Recommended,251060,33350850,Posted: 7 July,all,redflutter23,"Pretty good game, but it does lack a tutorial aspect for new players. Also the AI tends to use ruse or charging tacties only."
76561198026572161,Recommended,251060,33444012,Posted: 10 July,all,LongStyle,"This game is simply amazing. Best strategy game out.  Think starcraft times 10 without the annoying parts. No more base building, no more winning based on APM only. This game requires actual positioning, strategy and general knowledge of units."
,Recommended,251060,29465962,Posted: 24 January,all,dark_heart07,Badass RTS.10/10 because Easy AI can kick your♥♥♥♥♥really bad <3
76561198238787036,Recommended,251060,29455827,Posted: 23 January,all,[YTG] Rebelkommando616,"A very good RTS game with hundreds of units from many countries including the US, Russia, Germany, China, South Korea, and even Yugoslavia. Very fun. 9.5/10. Only issue is there are lots of quitters and trolls. But that's true for all games.Look at the Padobranci '90 then go watch ""Remove Kebab."" Oh Eugen you are so clever."
76561198194328947,Recommended,251060,29445633,Posted: 23 January,all,JJhotgun,"very fun, steep learning curve. veterns can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s sometimes but otherwise good  community"
76561198034534190,Recommended,251060,29361495,Posted: 19 January,all,Valkyre,"Great game, adjustable game speed, real tactics required not just tank spam!Complex unit ""character sheets"" fun stuff if you prefer your games a little more advancedI've only played single player.Recommended!"
76561198311380464,Recommended,251060,29304923,Posted: 16 January,all,skullcrusher4981,this game is a stratagy game with giant wars if u like giant war game i think u would like this
,Recommended,251060,29303941,Posted: 16 January,all,Pastrami,Perhaps one of the best strategy games of modern times.
76561198259528065,Recommended,251060,29312190,Posted: 17 January,all,sillywillyt,"Huge learning curve, and a significantly less-than-amiable online community. Still the most challenging and enjoyable RTS I've played."
,Recommended,251060,29291932,Posted: 16 January,all,The_Watchman_,"This is a hidden gem, this is one of my favourite RTS games out there. If you love RTS you should have this in your collection. Amazing visuals amazing game. Get rekt!"
76561197985107496,Recommended,251060,29645726,Posted: 2 February,all,sengrath,"One of the best strategy games ever made. It has unique gameplay, it's very complex and requires a lot of tactics/strategy.Even tho I suck in multiplayer and everyone is destroying me, I'm gladly coming back to this game every once in a while."
76561198044691745,Recommended,251060,29930184,Posted: 14 February,all,soljaste,fun game when you get used to it he learning curve is a bit high though
76561198067055418,Recommended,251060,29856741,Posted: 11 February,all,andac42,"Good game, realistic game unit, good for learning real life military unit ."
,Recommended,251060,18004059,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Rozwell,VERY NICE!
,Recommended,251060,29725660,Posted: 5 February,all,Dunkersplay,"This game has a beautiful multiplayer, as well as a great online community, it's easy to get into if you're playing some games just for fun, and great to intimidate and♥♥♥♥♥♥off your friends after how good you get once you get into the hang of things.Now the single player is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ its complicated, hard to learn, and hard to figure out what the hell to do unless you actually play the tutorials. And even then they don't help out.Overall it is a good game, the community supports each other, and shows no intent on ending soon."
76561198110550055,Recommended,251060,17630759,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Sunglasses Guy,The game is good and the developers are active -ishAlot of memes
,Recommended,251060,20095214,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TAC69,"Amazing game, you need to get a person to explain this game to you so it makes sense. Naval battle are ok but very unbalanced and underdevloped. Other than that amazing game, my personal favorite unit is the ever OP North Korean Band-ten Fagot."
76561198179442149,Recommended,251060,31346669,Posted: 24 April,all,Tombstone,Great game
,Recommended,251060,10945651,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,wocyloh,"Quick comparison to AirLand BattlePositive+Better maps: there're less silly chokepoints, more open space+More units+Better deck building system : Now it makes sense to actually use coalitions or nations, branches are very useful as well+Infantry is very viable nowNegative-Special Ops infantry is a tad too viable now-Tanks still too expensive to compete against the cheap ATGM onslaught-Naval is♥♥♥♥♥♥ thanks for trying Eugene-Some coalitions too well rounded, I'm looking at you Eurofor & CommonwealthNeutral~USA & USSR are not really superpowers hereFor ~20 bucks you're in for quite some fun. Also no one is playing ALB or EE anymore so you're somewhat out of options.Update '17:I still play and I'm still♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love the setting and the mechanics to death so while I keep getting slaughtered I keep coming back. It is cheap as dirt now and Steel Division is building up to be a huge dissapointment so hop in and the keep the flame (and the incredibly cancerous warchat) burning."
,Recommended,251060,31424684,Posted: 28 April,all,Themop21,"I Love This game its like steel div normandy but sooooo much more moderen and it atuo confis to your sestem- this is the only RTS with Navy Battels only, This is  a great game"
76561198068650826,Recommended,251060,31408135,Posted: 27 April,all,Sea Goblin,"Top Notch late cold war stratagy, for maximum emersion I recomend 99 Red Balloons on repeat."
,Recommended,251060,31460627,Posted: 30 April,all,ZyNfrix,"I don't usually write reviews but when I do...They're usually short and to the point.Should you get this game? Yes definitely.Does it have a huge learning curve? Yes, yes it does.Will you still have fun? Ye...well that parts up to you. If you stick with it and learn the game then yea it'll hook you like crack. Do the tutorials and watch a LOT of videos to help you learn.Will you lose a lot at first? Yes most definitely. Stick with it and trust me you'll love playing it.Would I still recommend this game? 100% yes. 10/10 best rts out there."
,Recommended,251060,11452769,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Gas Master 1942,10/10
76561198007491450,Recommended,251060,31467082,Posted: 30 April,all,Ezze,"I am enjoying the purchase, very strategic RTS...  fun to make different style of armies... interesting units.A more intense C&C"
,Recommended,251060,31572340,Posted: 5 May,all,mackenzie scott,Simbly.... ebin.
76561198046762409,Recommended,251060,31512542,Posted: 2 May,all,Steff-dog,"Bren L4, Light machine gun - Fully automatic sniper rifle."
76561198066266656,Recommended,251060,16208542,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Altawi,"this game is one of my fav RTS games so far. Good Graphics, Naval Vessels and a lot of other things. it would be intersting to see Aircraft Carriers in the series, giving how it will work it will be kinda more intense since the game can boost big maps. Looking forward to the next Wargame ;)"
,Recommended,251060,30339940,Posted: 5 March,all,mika fuchs,"tl;dr Wonerful little RTS with virtually infinite possibilities- would certainly recommend, but only to players who are willing to spend some time learning mechanics.Wargame: Red Dragon is an awesome little realistic RTS that simulates war on a scale rarely seen in such a genre, spanning miles upon miles of territory. It forces one to use real logic and strategies to outfox and eliminate the enemy. For example, approaching the enemy without combined arms is a disaster waiting to happen- e.g tanks without AA will easily die to helos and planes, infantry without armoured support gets obliterated by tanks, etc.The game can be split into two parts- building 'decks', in which a player builds a force using 'cards' of various units, and actual combat. The battles, on the other hand, are (quite literally) bloody fantastic. Every small detail from the whistle of the Katyusha as a salvo of death gracefully flies across the map to the empty cartridges ejecting out of an infantryman's rifle is faithfully modeled, as Soviet-backed Warsaw Pact and allied countries engage in a massive showdown of epic proportions against NATO nations and their supporters in the beautifully depicted landscape of East Asia. A huge number of units from both sides feature, compelling the player to make several crucial decisions that could turn the tide of battle- whether it be to risk sending an unsupported force against what you hope is the last thing the enemy has, or to pin your hopes on a small squad of recon infantry to find and take out the enemy's command vehicle before they can call out more reinforcements.But something one can really appreciate about this game is the diversity of the units, allowing the player to send out more or less any kind of unit fielded during the era of the 80-90s- whether it be surplus WWII-era T-34/85 tanks supporting North Korean reservists armed with Chinese PPSh-41s, all the way to the cream-of-the-crop T-90 tank and elite troops armed with grenade launchers. This could lead to some interesting realistic strategies, such as sending out cheap 'meatshield' tanks to weaken enemy defenses and waste their ammunition, before deploying a proper, competent task force to finish 'em off.Of course, like any other RTS, the game suffers from a couple of balancing issues, such as a pathetically underpowered North Korean military (even though it's 1980) and a rather controversial DLC pack, but otherwise most nations are similarly competent against eachother. Usual issues such as kiting isn't very common, since ranges are very strictly controlled (e.g all tanks in the same class have the same engagement range) but issues such as the infamous ""helo spam"" (self-explanatory, some jackass sends a ton of Hinds your way, can (sometimes) be dealt with by spamming your own AA but unrealistic and not very fun nonetheless) remain. Also worthy of note is the extremely shortened engagement distance in this game- the longest ranged tanks in the game have a maximum range of 2.275km.However, the game really isn't new-player friendly. The community is your best bet for learning this game- the ""tutorials"" in W:RD are among the worst I've seen, simply being pure text about how to use the menu and introducing the naval units, with nothing actually explaining how to fight! Thankfully, an AI skirmish mode featuring some of the most incompetent AI I've ever seen exists, so that can be used as a stepping stone. Many guides exist on the Steam and Eugen forums about how to actually play, along with many excellent videos one can find on YouTube.Overall, in conclusion, this game is great albeit slightly flawed, but it's a perfect fit for RTS fans and military enthusiasts of the Cold War. Granted however, it's quite difficult and frustrating- but playing it properly will reward you with hours upon hours of fun. Oh, and one last thing-Expect most of those hours to be in menus.Trust me."
,Recommended,251060,31806405,Posted: 17 May,all,mjohnsimon,I once took out a destroyer with an armada of tanks near the coastline.
76561198109396854,Recommended,251060,16897099,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Intoxication,"I love this game for what it is, awsome. The level of detail thst you can go down to is astonishing and the graphics are beutiful and dont cause much lag, even at high graphical levels (for me anyway). The game really makes you think and creates some preatty amazing scenes in the game. The only issue I had with it was that it  doesnt include a video or interactive mission to help beginners which might mean that the game is hard to understand when you first start playing. Apart from that however, 10/10 from me. I seriously recommend this game to any stratery game lovers out there! :D"
,Recommended,251060,32649709,Posted: 22 June,all,Sydney Sierota,one of the best rts
76561198035245455,Recommended,251060,28226396,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Motherfucker,Otomatic can't be mounted on Challenger 2's chassis. 0/10
76561198154240737,Recommended,251060,32965031,Posted: 28 June,all,dgstart,One of the most EPIC games I've played xD
,Recommended,251060,32599872,Posted: 20 June,all,MillWolf,"Awesome game, but possibly update a bit more and add new units? And also add a underwater capability, and make the ships sink correctly instead of just remaining the same angle and just sinking like a flat piece of metal. Other than that, Greatest RTS game for the past 4 years. Beautiful graphics, great models of vehicles and aircaft/ships, I love this game to much.I would advise you get it, and you wont regret it."
76561198253753210,Recommended,251060,32653801,Posted: 22 June,all,thatrandomguy1898,This game requires skilled strats
76561198048552763,Recommended,251060,32990384,Posted: 29 June,all,Roses,"So... i ahve played the game enough to get my first impressions of it... and its♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""Why?"", I hear you ask. Well because im♥♥♥♥♥♥at it, ye thats it. I suck at this game and have absolutely zero idea what im doing. The game seems crap becaus im so bad at it, but if at some point i get good enough to not smeer my ♥♥♥♥♥ines all over this game, it might be pretty good. The detail is there, the challenge is there, the action and strategy is there. Take notes Paradox"
,Not Recommended,251060,17010690,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,O.T.I.B.,"...................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\."
76561198140698326,Recommended,251060,33485776,Posted: 12 July,all,hard hat jones,"Most realistic tactical military simulator in all of Steam, possibly ever. You can also play as Israel.It also works on low end computers.10/10"
76561198149174548,Recommended,251060,33541788,Posted: 14 July,all,Rocketcar12,"great game, the community is♥♥♥♥♥♥though. It is not noob freindly"
,Recommended,251060,33506541,Posted: 13 July,all,urogard,Sneaking up Infantry behind enemy lines and blowing up every single command unit and winning the game. 10/10 would sneak again.
,Recommended,251060,27119961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rohm,north korea best korea
,Recommended,251060,33747567,Posted: 23 July,all,Forgotten Skills,its been awhile since this game came out but im still having fun playing it
,Recommended,251060,33825415,Posted: 26 July,all,LionofLannister,"This is an ultra-realistic wargame.  If you are looking for a Command and Conquer or Starcraft style game, this is not it. I used to think I was an amazing general, the second coming General Patton or Rommel. This game made me realize there is more to warfare than securing the most resources and pumping out the most troops. I’ve had an armada of tanks wiped out because I charged in without securing the high ground. I’ve had planes shot out of the sky because I underutilized my reconnaissance. To put it simply, if you fancy yourself a strategic mind, then buy this game. It will test your intelligence and common sense. This is the first and only game to really make me feel like a General."
,Recommended,251060,33842218,Posted: 27 July,all,The Quill Guy,"Again, not really any other games like this one, so recommended for that reason with reservation.Even on the easy AI (which on other RTS games gives you some space to breathe), the computer will swarm the map and take all the points.There are dozens of units named only by seven-digit numbers, each with specific roles to play. The game doesn't help you out with that.The tutorial is laughably non-existent, consisting of five pages of text.For the length of time necessary to get something out of this game, an equivalent effort with an actual tutorial and some help with what units do would be useful.I appreciate that the game is purposefully difficult, and that war is meant to be neither fair or easy. But the amount of time I think I'm expected to play on this just to make some workable combinations, and the lack of a beginner AI means that the game really requires a lot of investment to become fun.Read the positive reviews from those who are better than me at this game for what the game is like should you persevere."
,Recommended,251060,33848450,Posted: 27 July,all,FEGALEIN,I like this game a lot when i got it during the 2017 steam summer sale for less than $15.00 CN and it is a great serries as it is based off my favourite game R.U.S.E on my ps3. I don't have any of the nation add-ons so a cannot comment on that but i do think this is a great game. I do wish this game had larger or more campaign's.
,Not Recommended,251060,16287654,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,大麻 (TAIMA),DRM doesn't allow to re-install.
,Recommended,251060,33989975,Posted: 3 August,all,Muslim Stalin,hard but good for larping
76561198046919234,Recommended,251060,34382039,Posted: 20 August,all,HerrDak,Excelent Real Time Strategy game... ist fun and has a good and competitive mulitplayer community.
76561198073404930,Recommended,251060,34401859,Posted: 21 August,all,refrigeraptor,If you want to play a complicated RTS with a steep learning curve while Joseph Stalin and Mao argue in the chat about who was the best at making death camps while Hitler questions the sexual habits of their mothers this is a game for you.
76561197970816016,Recommended,251060,10874504,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Darkin,"This is what I first thought after an hour of playing it-Unplayably complicated with no tutorial, this game drops you into the fight straight at the deep end. The ""tutorial"" on the menu screen is basicly the manual, and you better read and understand it first go because you can't get to it ingame. If you want to spend two hours trying to figure out why you have no troops to command or lose thirty seconds in, buy this game. If you want a decent Real Time Stratery game, look elsewhere. I'm sorry I atually paid money for it.- UpdatedBecause I paid for it, I stuck with it. It took me about five hours of blundering around and re-reading the tutorial section, but I finally worked out the resource mechanics, how you have to secure sectors to call for reinforcements and the incredably complicated rock-paper-sissors system of weapons and counter weapons. I am, at last, enjoying it, although I still think it desperately needs some better introductions for new players. I have had some stabilty issues with crashing graphics, but infrequently, its not a massive problem.Overall, its a pretty decent, highly complex, combat simulator. Be prepared to sink a few hours into reading the online player guides, and more hours into learning the systems by losing repeatedly. This game will eat your time up.-UPDATED 183 HOURS LATEROk, I get it now.Only took what, two, four years to master? My biochemistry degree took longer to earn that that! A mere instant! totally worth it!final review - really really micro intense RTS with endless complications. Really hard to master, frustrating, built for people who already know how to play it. Fun when you do."
76561198020469084,Recommended,251060,31661121,Posted: 10 May,all,L. Turowiesky ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),9/10 Best checking missile range simulator 2014
76561197980770496,Recommended,251060,30373768,Posted: 7 March,all,Mr Schroeder,"Wargame Red Dragon is not a tradional RTS game altough technically it is a real time strategy game. There is no basebuilding or resource gathering.  The decision making necessary to be successful at it can be equally fast paced but the gameplay itself is slower. This is due to the unit movement speeds, where planning in advance is necessary because units can take several minutes to reach the desired locations. On larger maps a unit will run out of fuel before reaching the otherside of the map. Fuel? Yes the game features logistics. Ammunition, fuel and parts for repair.The singleplayer campaign is unremarkable and frankly its gameplay is bland. In skirmish modes on some maps the cheating a.i. has such an advantage that you will likely need to create a deck just for that map. What is a deck? A deck is simply a collection of units from the games vast database that can be called into battle. This means that not every unit that a nation possesses can be called into battle.There are a lot of units available some good some very bad, but ultimately unit cost will often determine whether a player really wants to fill a spot in the deck with the best unit or a cheaper and less effective unit. Stronger units are only available in less quantity. Essentially this means that even if a player can afford an expensive unit in battle, if only one is available in the deck and he already called it, then no more can be called! Each powerful unit must therefore be used with precision and protected.So how do players pay for units if there is no resource gathering? Well there are points that are generally affected by the locations that are controlled on the map. This means games can be altered depending on terrain and starting points to favour one deck over another. For example cheap unaffective infantry may be excellent to gain ground in a game with few starting points and lots of buildings.The game has a steep learning curve because it allows for many creative approaches and tactics. Some people might find the necessary micromanagement that is an essential part of the game problematic; A.I. tends to choose horrible paths when spawned, radar equipment must be turned off manually to avoid anti-radar weapons, artillery will never change locations on their own after firing. Planes will often take the worst evacuation routes imaginable.  The game isn't a simple hit point system and features some RnG elements resulting in some unfortunate battle events on occasion. As an example armour varies in effectiveness depending on a tank's alignment (side, front, back, top). This means a blind Artillery strike on a location can sometimes destroy some expensive tanks. Can you Imagine a cheap light tank hitting a mamoth tank in Red alert 1 and destroying it in one shot? In wargame red dragon this exact scenario will also occur sometimes. Ouch!General infantry play an important role in the game as in real life. Tanks are not immune to a hidden infantry group's short range a.t. weapons. Specialized a.t. and a.a. infantry units can be devastating. Air power, artillery, and tanks all serve realistic roles. Mortars can be used to stun enemies before an advance or to simply cover a unit with smoke. Napalm and cluster munitions can also be utilized. Essentially the game has a lot of diverse units each with different tactical purposes. If any of this sounds appealing you will likely enjoy the game.If you are looking for a traditional rts with a strong single player campagin then avoid this!  If you want to experience a unique strategy game with a solid multiplayer experience then its worth trying this game, flaws and all."
76561198093800703,Recommended,251060,34462822,Posted: 24 August,all,Colt 45,"Bought it for the game, stayed for the Warchat. 10/10"
76561197966591691,Recommended,251060,35093412,Posted: 20 September,all,Thorden,"Wargame is a RTS with a deep tactical environment - there is armor facings, smoke, tactical insertions, multiple types of artillery, and aircraft support.  Basically, it is a RTS with the best take that I am aware of on combined arms tactics.  It is also one of the very few RTS with a fairly modern military theme.I wish I would have gotten into the Wargame series when it first came out."
76561198009014492,Not Recommended,251060,33981824,Posted: 2 August,all,LordH3,Amazing RTS but not recommending. Multi is full of cheaters.
,Recommended,251060,10464309,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Deus_Drone,"While I preferred Air Land battle in the serries, this one is a more tactical combat game where everything has a counter.It is a good game for someone whom likes this style of game"
,Recommended,251060,35382087,Posted: 1 October,all,Sir Winston Churchill,"Napalm works on water 11/10Problem in MP is that u don't get enough points to buy stuff so you are kind of forced into low budget guerilla warfare.Also - and this is probably the biggest issue - Pivads are the most overpowered thing there is, along with the Czech Dana Artillery and Israeli and Finnish Napalm MLRSs.Also the REDFOR Navy is waaaay better than the junky 1 Kongo and 6 Fremantles you can spawn when playing as NATO and the SU-27 is... just overpowered. It can fire it's rockets from a distance of 2 km or so and they almost always hit.I really like AirLand Battle more, tho it got way less attention at EUGEN than Red Dragon and therefore you have less vehicles there.So to sum it all up: It is indeed a good game and worth buying, but it is quite unbalanced and the campaign is unplayable - Even I as what I would call a veteran of Eugen's games haven't even managed to beat the easiest mission."
