user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,251020,10409420,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Fire and Ice...and Caffiene,"As much as I want to judge a game based on its actual content and gameplay, I simply can't for this title.Why?Because it crashes at launch, every single time. I'm not alone in this issue, a quick check of the forums shows a thread with several people reporting.If I had to say based on the screenshots alone I's aay think about it. It certainly looks good, it looks better than Railworks and Trainz, but those two titles (and a host of others not on Steam) have the massive advantage of being playable.So, currently, as of right now it's not worth it. If it gets fixed I'll actually check out the game's content, the furthest I've got is an error screen on launch so farIf you've read this far, go grab a cookie or a sandwich and thank yaIf you want the short version, look up at the top. Not recommended.. It should say Not Recommended....YETBecause when this gets fixed I have a feeling it may well turn out to be a sleeper gem of a simulator...but for now save your money and wait for a fixed version to be uploaded to Steam or find a workaround yourself."
76561197975596840,Recommended,251020,12678348,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,charlieencin,"Good value, since it's the super version. Ive followed EEP  for the last 5 years, knowing it would eventually evolve to be quite interesting. No,its not easy to learn. Ive always enjoyed piecing  track together in real life, Ive done severall layouts in the real world, HO,,,027,,,N,,,,,,Trainz seems a bit too easy, and the Microsoft TS program gets boring very quickly...and this seems be more along the lines of demanding careful planning,,and FEELS  more like a model railroad,,,planning carefully, measuring radii, etc. Getting an understanding of the basics of trackwork isinteresting,,I was pleasently suprised by several features, driving inside the train, etc, sparks upon breaking in the steamers,,,lots of nice touches,,,....There tons of little surprises along the way,,,this program has been evolving for years and will continue to grow and improve,,,the difference between, X and the older versions I remember from several years ago is astronomical,,,I noticed suddenly,,an example,, something floating by a window,,,on closer inspection, it was leaves falling,,these little touchs add an awful lot to the feel of the game,,and will continue to improve,,,last word, you really have to read the manual very carefully,,,but well worth the money,,,and comes with tons of assets,,,Im very pleased,,and one more thing,,,editing can be done practically in real time,,,that I really enjoy,,,"
,Recommended,251020,12766632,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,⬅BenDragon81037➾,"I'd recommend this for more of the creative people of the train simming community, the people who like to build and automate routes as I haven't seen any other simulator work the way railroad X does with the various contact points.I find the forums very nice, friendly, very responsive and kind, and I always get healthy responses from my opinions, a brilliant place to find advice.The game itself, I find to have a very narrow field of view, quite large interface.I wouldn't, however, recommend this to the people who just want to ""drive trains"" as this is more of a ""creative tool"" rather then a simulator.Sure there are bugs and sometimes, crashes but non-the-less, for what it is, it's currently the best creative tool currently out there which has an adjustable work table.I find the only Achilles heel heel to this, is that it's a railroad modeller's program, because I find this program to have real potential.I haven't really seen any other simulator let you be able to control anything but what it says on the tin... However, this program lets you control cars, trucks, planes and ships... Even if they are on invisible track.The track-based ""control points"" allows for a good range of flexibility, including sequenced control of transferring freight from one vehicle to another using a crane that you can actually drive.I have to say, that driving a crane and using it to transfer freight between vehicles, is something I have not seen implemented in any simulator, ever.I have to warn you though, there is no AI in this game so you have to set either contacts or routes for the trains, then they follow the path you set for them via control circuits.The Control circuit design is completely up to you, letting them handle the layout for you the way you want to, without the hassle of assigning priorities and such.So, I fully recommend this to anyone that's interested in creating routes and automating them for the player to use because honestly, there are features that I haven't seen in any other game / simulator, including trainz and rail works.It does have a large learning curve though, so if you're prepared to put up with that, railroad X can be a very rewarding experience."
76561197971977215,Not Recommended,251020,10426963,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Kildaz,After a couple of houres building my track I will say this game is not too bad but not that user friendly.And the game contents is limited. I guest they want us to buy for more. seriously $11 for a couple of more trains?and everything is europe base so nothing in there for north america.If you already own Train Simulator 2012 you don't need that one. same game
76561198055586349,Not Recommended,251020,11008786,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,lennyQuick,"Have Trainz 2012, MS Train Simulator and  RW Train Sim. This nicely fits in as a train sim which can hold its own. Positives: Significant amount of options regarding content, editing, multi-layered complexity. Animated individuals are the best even better than Railworks. Why? Because they employ collision detection and move nicely around other characters  although they will go through objects. Not like Railworks which go through things and other characters. Also more animation on them like the woman who is using her cellphone. Nice touch! Great range of trains and rolling stock. For example I like the TGV. None of the current Train players have any TGV trains included in the content. And as varied as they are.  So if some of you are whining about some cost issues keep in mind the trains and stock beats hands down the trains and stock in Trainz or Railworks. Both of these latter you'll have to buy separately comparable stock if they exist or buy a ticket (Auran's Trainz) to download the freeware stock.You can make large routes and so this is not just limited to a so-called table-top type creation.Love the choice in  animated animals such as a flock of pigeons flying over your train station, or those fish in the river, or as your train is going in the country animated farm animals and farm equipment.There are various animated industries for your train route.Love the environmental editing features: scales for controlling, wind, rain, fog,  snow, clouds or random. You can  isolate areas of your route for different types of weather. So for example your train may be moving from a warm dry area, climb to higher levels and you can start to experience snow and a driving wind - all zones you are free to create.Like the choices of rail types and catenaries, gantries, platforms, etc. No shortage.Huge number of animated grasses. No shortage of various trees.Huge number of base textures to paint your world with.Wide variety of sounds easily added to the layout or make your own.You can use the Omega feature.This is a novel and quite exciting addition to the animated people.  You can make your animated people do certain things like go down stairs as if they are leaving the platform, checking out the  arrivals/departures. They can be constrained in certain areas. Lots to learn and adapt here for your train world. You can also use the animated people  on invisible tracks to walk up and down platforms and in buildings. For example, I have a river going through the city with people walking up and down the  sidewalk by the river enjoying the scenery. All the while a sailboat is sailing by on invisible tracks set in the water and flocks of birds are flying overhead complete with sounds of all sorts.You can use invisible tracks for many other things such as helicopters, planes which bring life to your layout.Wide use of cameras. You can hop in a car for example (clicking on it) and all of a sudden you're being taken for a nice ride around your city wherever you've made the road paths or if in a train on your train route.  Cameras can be placed strategically and triggered by events such as a train arriving at a station.There are certain train engines you can actually enter and drive. Hope this is improved as time goes on.Can't access the PDF help from within the game. If you have Windows 8.1 will need to right click the pdf file and use the reader. Editor takes some getting used to as there consists of the 2D editor  and 3D editor, Tunnels through mountains is an exercise in huge frustration. Better to make a flat plain, make your tunnels, then raise terrain over. There are excellent english tutorials on You Tube - Ruud Boer. Thanks to his tutorials will make route creation a lot easier.Searching for content in the game is not easy and seems limited (right clicking a folder for example).Layers: These appear to be handled by clicking off certain things such as properties for example. The buildings will disappear allowing you to manipulate objects which would have otherwise been impeded by the properties.Content creation: Where is the facility for this? The content is in the 3DM format which the Rhino 3D program is known for. Every other competitive Train programs lets its members freely make content. For Trainz as an example I'm making a route in Strasbourg, France. I can freely create my own content in custom buildings, stations, etc. by using any number of 3D programs such as Blender or Sketchup. With the plug-in for Sketchup or Blender (or 3DS Max) the content is easily inserted in the route. I don't want to use buildings which have nothing to do with the area I'm creating. If you protect your content like the family jewels than you are inhibiting creativity and interest.CAUTION: The  Mod  here who appears to be a developer with EEP stated the Norstructor program a plug-in to make your own content would work in Railroad X. Well I bought it, installed it and it won't allow me to run the program. Appears it is searching for the EEP version and not Railroad X and thus wont install. Moreover, I thought I'd purchase the EEP-X Basic so I'd be able to use it. A folder called Trend is created and both the Nostruktor and EEP-X each have a folder inside it. Problem: Still doesn't work! Moreover, you can't operate both the Steam version Railroad X and EEP-X. It's either one but not both. To go back to Railroad X you'll have delete Railroad X and reinstall it - this will concurrently deinstall EEP-X. Wow. I did this just so I could use Nostrucktor only to find it doesn't work anyway. Now I'd be looking for my hard earn money back. This has to be a significant negative. Anyone not making German routes, everywhere outside of Germany, France, Britain, etc. North and South America,  will be severely disappointed because of the issue of personalized content creation. There is very good and high quality content on the pay site but not having personalized content creation is a significant negative. All the major players in RR simulation have an abundance of  content creation because of the ability to personalize your layouts.NOTE: Good news! Have been advised that Nostrucktor will be made available and compatible with RR X in a few weeks.Suggest Heights Explorer from the site in route creation. I""ve purchased this. With this program I can take a Google image of a layout and with the height aspect imported for use as the base for the layout. It can also generate numerous images for use. For those wanting to use Google images without messing around with that I'd suggest a neat little converter program from this site:http://www.mm2eep.de/.  Downloading and installing will allow you to use the base objects as a base for the Google images. That way you can overlay your tracks, objects, etc. on top.There have been several crashes  and it's wise to have the auto saving feature on while constructing or save often. Specs:  i7-920 9 gbs and ZOTAC GTX 650Ti 2 gb card with 340.52 driver.Conclusion:UPDATE: MARCH 6/15. NO NOSTRUCKTOR!!! Are you kidding me! This program is a heaven for content exploitation. If you can't make your own content then this program to me is dead in the water! Get that bloody program on its feet and then this game will deserve a platinum badge. Now, it's time to degrade it."
,Recommended,251020,14954069,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,BillyR,"With a learning curve steeper than the Navy's Nuclear Power Program this is an excellent model railroad design tool. This is not a 'train game'. If you want to spend the time learning how to use this to help build your dream layout then 'yes', I recommend this program on that basis. If you want to drive trains and play railroad scenarios I recommend DTG's TS 2015. I have close to 250 hrs in that game and it is the best train sim currently available. Avoid at all costs the one with the 'z', it's terrible."
,Recommended,251020,17700694,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,dj_ogi,"This game series is better known as EEP - Eisenbahn.exe Professional. I know the EEP series from the very beginning and Railroad X is another of its development.First of all, it's a simulation of model railway, not real trains. If you want train simulator, buy Train Simulator or eventually Trainz.Railroad X (EEP 10) is for everyone who did not have enough space at home to build their own railroad model. It is more an application than a game. This allows you to build very complex automatically controlled railroad systems, imagination is the only limit. You can control not only trains - also road, water and even air traffic.I must admit that the editor is complicated (so many options which you don't know at the beginning) and requires patience but once it is mastered, it works instinctively. The only thing that is awful, is a camera control in free view - never, from the very beginning, it has not been fixed...If you want to become better acquainted with Railroad X, you need to book yourself plenty of time... Building even a simple model takes a long time, if you want it to look really nice. To compare your abilities, there are a few finished models with EEP.If you like to build a railway models and maps, have a lot of free time and patience, Railroad X is created for you."
76561198191859786,Recommended,251020,16620625,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,colinb,"Very good model railway building simulation. Quite tricky at first as it's very comprehensive, but once you get to grips with it you can create anything.Very good English tutorials on YouTube by Ruud Boer. Also a lot by McIwer in German (you don't need to understand the language particularly as you can pick up most of what he is doing just by watching)."
,Not Recommended,251020,17580424,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,DasMatze,"It worked for me when I bought the game at release - now after some updates it starts and returns to desktop immediately. I seem to be the only one to occur this problem so that's not why I don't recommend it.It's more because a) everything costs money and b) the devs seem to hate Steam. Let me go into detail:a)You want to get modding tools or plugins? Pay! You want to make your modded content available for everyone? You are not allowed to share them unless your content has been approved by the devs to be sold on their store. You need help with the game not running? Call a hotline and pay!b)A not that small part of Steam's existence is due to the convenience of having everything in one place and most stuff is automated. Not with Railroad X though, as you are greeted by an installer interface once you install, uninstall or verify your content (it even wants to remove the game when you want to verify content). Not a big deal but it adds to my argument.Next thing is the devs are not very active in the forums. If you have critical problems like I do, you are asked to call a hotline. It may be faster than an email or a forum post but it costs money as stated above.About DLC: the most of them is available only on their store. I don't know if Steam get's their cut or not, but it is not as convenient as it would be here.For the prices they ask for everything both here on Steam as well as on their shop, you thought they would have the time, patience and staff available to give a Steam user the experience he feels familiar with - turns out they don't.The verdict:The game is probably ok (except I haven't been able to play it for a long time) but the way the devs interact with Steam is not satisfying and their price tags on modding tools and the like is unheard-of. If this is something you don't want to support, then don't buy this!"
76561198062967988,Recommended,251020,12519046,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,mp2,"realy nice modelrailway sim , Lots of rolling stock included the manual included is just full off errors where can i get a german version to see what the mistranslated things mean? Luckily i speak german too ;) If your not so lucky look on youtube for ruuds english spoken tuts. I see there are 2 links to the manual but both are to the same english one , just add the german manual too, wo ist die deutsch sprachige? Another thing missing is a 3d object importer i'd say .blend .obj and .skp should be included as this is aimed at train hobbyists (bastlers), who like to build things, and not virtual train drivers. You could benefit from people making stuff by allowing them to sell through steam and get a percentage, lets say 10 % for steam 10% for eep and 10 % for me  for comming up with the ideer. ;) See every one will win  as there will be lots of international content."
76561198263636275,Not Recommended,251020,30080908,Posted: 21 February,all,ClaytonH,"The game is fantastic to play but as from day one when i play the game there went eleven files missing which had to be reaquired every time after i played the game for more or less half an hour which is very frustrating. I experience a major problem.  I have done everything in my power to try and find a solution for the problem but all in vain.  Some trains stop running, some signals don't operate, some switch points don't switch. I tried to find out where the problem is but all answer that i get is that happens in many games, which is no answer for me. I have done the usual like exclude the game from virus scanning etc, etc.The people who sell these games make a lot of money and no one actually complain about the poor service. I don't even get any feedback for my problem from the Steam community. (Am i the only one having this problem?)Is there anybody out there that can help us to resolve this problem because i am starting to have my doubts about buying games from steam. I experience the same problem with EEP 12 the more upgraded version of Railroad X. I would say a no to buy the game."
76561198145553030,Recommended,251020,11392297,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,barrybilewitz,"It's a very good train simulator  Much work still needs to be done on translating from the German text used in the simulator to English.  Tried to buy some tools from the EEP Shopping website, but the Click and Buy merchant app continued to state that my password was weak and would not let me proceed although it had already taken my credit card details.  According to reviews on the Net of Click and Buy, which I subsequently read, I will need to monitor my bank account very closely from now on.The 10.1 patch has not yet been released in the English version although it has been out in German for a while.I imported a very large layout to act as a guide for laying my own track.  The size of the imported bmp file limited the number of pixels I that could specify, which resulted in a very grainy, unusable template.  In today's age of 64-bit computing and virtual RAM, this limitation seems needless.In conclusion - a purchase that should have been postponed until the quality of the software and support of the English version is equal to that of the original."
76561198023528895,Recommended,251020,20544056,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Terry,"Railroad X like its predecessors is a brilliant extensive model railway simulator. A bit time consuming to create a good furnished route, but well worth the effort. Don't be put off by the somewhat crude models as in game they appear somewhat better. The level of control of all the vehicles is very good and it's easy to set up multiple trains and road vehicles. For example you can have many trains on the same track controlled as in real life by block signals. You can set some trains to stop at stations while others pass through without stopping. Not much that you cannot do as regards automating a full and complex layout.Now for the downside. The EEP shop..... Items purchased are linked to your registration number. I so far have not been able to get one for the Steam version. This does not stop the shop selling you items if you have a previous registration as I do for EEP 7. I now have a number of purchases that I can't use in Railroad X and no one replies to my e-mails.I used to be able to purchase for EEP 7 but now I find even those purchases cannot be used with EEP 7 even though they were bought through my EEP 7 registered account.The EEP crew have now sorted out my registration to Railroad X."
76561198148392374,Recommended,251020,24298470,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,chp,"I have played one of the older versions and have gotten the hang of it.The game has its ups and downs.for an example, It takes a lot of time to get familiar with the controlls and how the some of the mechanics work. and some of the stuff in the game can easily be extremly overvelming and look some what unnecesary.but it still has to be said, it is a well made game with a lot of potential and opertunities."
76561198098096129,Not Recommended,251020,12444967,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Susannah,"In all honesty, Hornby Virtual Railways is far better.  The UI for this game is clunky, with poor tooltips and long-winded readme.  For someone who just wants to get stuck in and have fun creating and designing, and eventually running a railway, this isn't the game for you.  After just 1/2 hour I was so ridiculously frustrated with how things worked; I haven't played it since.  Overall a waste of money."
,Recommended,251020,19934518,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Vertinove,"This game is good for people who want a model railroad but don't have the means of being able to get a model railroad in their home (for me it was an issue of space). That being said, this is probably the best MODEL railraod sim i've played. Don't buy this if you want to drive trains but if you're interested in the actual layout creation, this is for you. I've tried sims like Modelbahn and TS for layout building but they don't come close to this program. However out of all the programs this is also the most difficult to learn. It has no doubt the steepest learning curve of any of the sims i've played. But if you can get over the learning curve (there is a free pdf included with the game to teach you how to do things) then it is well worth it."
76561198038861815,Not Recommended,251020,20636332,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ClanMcAllister,"Unless you have a German dictionary of railroad jargon, this game will be very difficult to play. Everything from camera modes to train types is in German, as are most of the scenario controls."
,Recommended,251020,22403839,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,bck0825,"Long learning curve ,but worth the time to learn"
76561198010754458,Recommended,251020,10415708,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,gabbs,Well they updated this game this morning. 10/06/2014 It looks good But only seen the demo just started a new layout. Time will tell.
76561198049233189,Not Recommended,251020,28804250,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,stonechair,SUX
,Not Recommended,251020,11680371,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,holmen38,Buy something else
