user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,251130,20377615,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jive Soul Bone,"I wanted Final Fantasy Tactics in Sentai suits and was not disappointed!No seriously, I'm callingChroma Squada must-buy in terms of tactical RPGs. At worst, the scenarios get kinda samey, the mecha battles are more luck-based than anything, Scout class needs work in terms of role within the team and the meme-based humour might get under some delicate skins. Never mind the details; as a tactical RPG, Chroma Squad gets everything right and even dares some neat ideas concerning character statistics, combat and the money/audience system.What I'm saying is there's a deepness to the game despite the apparent simplicity of the setting, with clear character roles and a certain leeway in how you want them optimized. The love for the genre is genuine and goes a long way in enhancing your experience; it's more than just shooting aliens as in X-Com. Building an audience to gain money and better toys is a welcome change from XP grinding. The grid movement can be unforgiving what with the inability to take back a move but I feel as this just adds to the challenge factor.In short: the core of the gameplay is great and the further you get from the tactical RPG, the worse it gets. I can't fault a game for false notes when it's just being overly ambitious. An original backdrop for an RPG, multiple story paths, clever insertion of Kickstarter backers into the story and the fact I've encountered no game-breaking bugs despite a Report button makes me want to heavily endorse this product. An example for other Kickstarter-funded game developers."
,Recommended,251130,15631735,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sodders,"If you are a fan of Power Rangers or Super Sentai. You should give it a try!Lots of subtile references/nods to Super Sentai seasons. (Won't say what they are but if you've seen sentai seasons of the last 2-3 years, you'll see some and will put a smile on your face!)Gameplay is really simplistic (Don't go into it expecting complicated mechanics like from the Disgaea Series) but honestly it doesn't need to be overwhelming. The overall episode ""goals"" challenge you to certain things before the end of the section. Have yet to run into one that wasn't impossible.As the seasons (5 in total) go on, you'll come across items to craft and buy to upgrade your Squad members, so there is atleast some customization for you to play with as you're going along the story.After each episode you get revenue based on how many fans you get. Fans are usually earned if you use an ability or complete one of the episode goals. Most goals tend to give you well enough fans to hit the cap. If a squad member falls, it'll subtract fans. Later on you'll start to get contracts from agencies that can change the end revenue based on what you want. +Money? +Fans? Things like that. The more fans you have, the more bonuses you could have!Again if you like Power Rangers/Super Sentai or Tokusatsu, try this out!If you aren't, you may not understand the fourth wall breaking studio-type story the game has. But the gameplay is still enjoyable!"
,Recommended,251130,15823381,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Whoota,"Back when the Power Rangers were a big deal in 1995, my parents wouldn't let me watch it. They deemed it too violent. Mind you, they're telling this to a guy who is chronically addicted to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and tuned in every Saturday to watch the Spiderman and Batman cartoons. Power Rangers were much too violent though. When my folks finally gave up on controlling my viewing habits Power Rangers quickly became a guilty pleasure and I watched it until Wild Force. EnterChroma Squad, a retro style turn based tactics game that puts you in control of a squad of power rangers. It is every bit as fun as going round your parents' back to just watch cardboard robots beating up rubber monsters.Chroma Squad's premise is very catchy hook to begin with. A group of disgruntled stunt actors are fed up with their boss and quit their current Ranger season to start their own series. With buckets, old shirts and cardboard boxes your crew assembles a set of costumes and backdrops and the battle against evil can begin. Along the way you'll find that there is a little more to playing Power Rangers than just making cool poses.The game's real kicker is the ability to create and assemble your own team. You can possibly recreate every Ranger team down to the letter with the game, or engineer a squad entirely your own. Did you like Mighty Morphing Power Rangers? Just pick the five colours, three boys, two girls and be on your way. Fed up with the patriarchy? Pick five girls, colour them all in shades of purple and kick some♥♥♥♥♥ Feeling grimdark and edgy? Pick five depressed kids, paint them black and act like Batman. Everything is up to you. Each Ranger has its own role. Lead is in charge and gets additional hitpoints, while the tech rangers does bonus damage with weapons. The colours are up to you, so you can make the Pink ranger be the boss this time round and let the snooty Red ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ be the butt of the Megazord this time.After you tune your squad you record your episodes. This is a turn based tactics game where you fight minions and monsters on a grid. The real selling point here is positioning and teamwork. One ranger can kick a mook for sure, but positioning your squad in such a way will allow you to vault your rangers straight into the bosses face on the first turn to deliver a juicy team attack. It is key that master the acrobatics and abilities to chase down the shifty bosses, or that you weaken and wear out the brawlers without losing a Ranger, because no one likes it when the good guys lose.You performance isn't measured in money, or experience; it is measured in audience. Since you're recording a TV show your audience is your life; and you cannot survive without loyal viewers and fans. Every episode gives you a hand full of objectives to clear to make your episode a bit better. More audience, means more fans, means more money, means better suits, means better TV, means more audience, etc. It is a simple, yet fun system, because it invites you to think of other ways to approach a problem, rather than to look for the one tactic.The entire game is booming with references to the Power Rangers and its Japanese original: Super Sentai. Finishing moves, focus on Red, giant robots, believing in your friends, mystery helpers, talking jars, it's all part of the experience. During your downtime you have time to craft new weapons from arts and crafts materials as well as answer fanmail and hire marketing groups to propel your show to the next level of hype. You'll quickly fall in love with the familiar and sometimes cliché traits of the series that round out the experience.All in all, the game presses so many right buttons, it's hard not to like. Though the sometimes lazy writing rips you out of the game, the desire to know what kind of crazy thing the devs have cooked up for the next episode will have you coming back soon. The branching storyline also helps to draw you back in after beating it once.Chroma Squadis a precious gem that should be play by anyone who ever watched even a single episode of Power Rangers."
,Recommended,251130,15624966,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Upa Oba Opa,Another great gem from Behold Studios. The game is so original and well designed/made. You guys make me proud to being brazilian!
76561198087302154,Recommended,251130,15671377,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,"Sanchez, Rick",YOU NEED THIS GAME.GAMEPLAY IS FUNBEAUTIFUL PIXEL ARTNICE SOUNDTRACKMAKE ME FEEL LIKE 10 YEARS OLD BOY.11/10 AWESOMEBUY AND ENJOY
76561198043728484,Recommended,251130,30987446,Posted: 6 April,all,The Foxy Knot,Was able to make JoJo characters.10/10 best game.
,Recommended,251130,15712119,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,╞╬╡ëgå≈¥rΦñ,"This is one heck of a game and definitely worth the price.  At first I didn't realize that it was a tycoon ontop of a tactical rpg.  However; with that said, both elements compliment each other making this an incredible experience.  I didn't read any reviews before I purchased this game WITH the soundtrack, which is also hellacious-ly awesome.  I mean... go manage some power rangers while you see thousands of people watch you kick♥♥♥♥♥and take names, or get pummeled.Pros:*The download is very small*You get to manage your very own power ranger team*actors*colors*weapons*store bought*crafted home made*studio building*clients via marketing*lawsuits*yeah people gonna hate on you for being heroes to children or carbon copies*Over 100 episodes*approx 5 seasons so farCons:*Where the hell was this when I was a kid?Nuff said, no questions asked.  If you cannot decide then go watch youtube."
,Recommended,251130,15861277,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Vagaldindo,I lov it!-Great music!-Nice battles.-Awesome Story.-Nice challenge.Congratulations Behold Studios!Best brazilian game ever made!
,Recommended,251130,15647764,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Gas the Gnoblins,This game saved 2015
76561198014265097,Recommended,251130,15632092,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Commander Power,"What a Fantastic game. As soon as I saw this hit the Steam Store I had to buy it. I remember this from a year ago. So glad its finally done. I know that they had problems with Power Rangers copyright but its good that this is here. I just played through the first season and its fantastic.For XCOM and Power Rangers lovers, this is the best!So great guys! Fantastic! And it plays on my Laptop too!"
,Recommended,251130,21341062,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Burn,"Chroma Squad scratches both my nostalgia and strategy RPG itch in places that have long been left unscratched. Do you remember in your childhood the Super Sentai TV series? If the answer is yes you MUST buy this game! It's a cool tactical game with cute pixel art, a high nostalgic content and a good humor. There is a hilarious tactical strategy RPG hiding beneath the pixel cover, which proudly confesses its Power Rangers heritage. The whole thing is just so darn sweet and well-intentioned.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=602494492http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=628410142Unlocked all achievements!"
76561197995224922,Recommended,251130,15641402,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Triple M,"It's a bit meta, lots of weird, and a huge amount of fun.Even as a concept, Chroma Squad is unique: You are stunt actors who decide to leave their job on power rangers to start their own better written power rangers.That means winning the battles are only half the fight: You have to win them with style, lest the audience decide your fights are too boring. While some of the directors goals are tricky, they do add to the challenge, and it force you to learn the tricks of the game quickly. You'll soon enjoy tossing actors across the map and pummeling minions as a team for fun and profit.Outside of combat, it's all about the show. You and your mech will need upgrades that not only give you the usual benefits of gear, but also make you look better. Get a bigger studio! SD Cameras! Flood lights! The better it looks, the move people will watch, and the better your options and cash flow will be.And this works together, resulting in a good casual strategy game that I can't wait to play more of."
,Recommended,251130,15647200,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,WITCHDAGGA,"You don't have to like tokusatsu shows to enjoy this game. It's a lot of fun to play, and the developers clearly have put their heart into it. I highly recommend getting it, though at the time of this writing it still has a number of bugs to iron out.The game is challenging. It may be possible to resolve an episode quickly, but going straight to the finish line without doing anything interesting doesn't attract an audience, which you'll need if you want fans and money. Figuring out how to build your audience efficiently while keeping your squad standing is difficult and very satisfying.Between episodes, you produce your show at your studio. Here, you manage your squad's equipment and skills, purchase studio upgrades, answer emails, hire advertising agencies, and choose which episode to shoot next. If you've played X-COM, you'll be familiar with this.The customisation options really let you craft your own super sentai. You can choose your squad members, pick suit colours, name the mecha (the mecha's colours reflect the team's colours), write catchphrases, and of course, name the squad. The personal touches aren't ""cutting-edge"" but they make the game more immersive and playing a lot more fun. At least, I get a kick out of it.Leading my Cuddle Force is a man in a panda suit named Blossom. Squad members Make Love (yes, the button to suit up is labelled ""Make Love"") and they yell ""Cuddles conquer all!"" after transforming. Their finishing move is the Beatdown of Love, and their mecha's name is Robert."
,Recommended,251130,16375272,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"Talk about a hidden gem!I wasn't sure of what exactly I was expecting when I purchased Chroma Squad, but I liked the combination of tactical RPG and Power Rangers references enough that I had to give it a shot.  I was impressed right out of the gate as the game incorporates several different genres very well and even adds several new elements that I have not seen before.The tactical combat of the game is very enjoyable and there is much more to it than I had initially assumed.  Each episode begins with your heroes arriving on the scene and battling their enemies in their plain clothes.  While in this form you don't have access to your equipment and abilities, though you are formidable enough to go toe-to-toe with the villains all the same.  Once you transform, however, you get your costume and the previously stated abilities unlocked and you can really do some impressive things.The aspect of combat that really caught my attention and made this game stand out, though, is that your goal is to make every fight as cinematic as possible.  For example, every battle has two Director's Objectives that give a massive boost to the points you earn for putting on an exciting fight, your Audience.  You also gain audience for performing special skills, defeating enemies, using teamwork to give a teammate a boost (the boosted character performs an acrobatic maneuver to move additional spaces that turn), and most of all for performing unified 'team attacks' where you set your squad up in such a manner that they all focus on and attack the targeted enemy at once,The music is enjoyable, the battles challenging and fun.  Did I mention that you get to customize the look of your gear, colors of your outfits, specializations of your stats and skills, and actors who you use for your squad?  Oh right, and you get to customize and do battle with your own mech!I can not put into words how highly I recommend this game.  Truly a hidden gem and one of the best games I've come across in awhile."
,Recommended,251130,16301147,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Cryptic_Bagman,"Aaaah! After 10,000 years I'm free! Not only from the infernal hellfire of school, but from that god awful writer's block! Time to conq- write; write a review. Sorry. It's on Chroma Squad, so strap in.REVIEWChroma SquadGENRETactical RPGSTORYThe year is 20XX probably. Five stunt actors with attitude are recording their parts in the most recent episode of the hit sentai show sensation: Super Rangers! The show stinks though, and so does its director: Dr. Mi Ah. [More like MAMAMiAh, amirite?] No cool monster fights, no struggles against the higher ups, and most of all; no giant mecha fights! Our heroes are fed up and, immediately after finishing the recording session, quit Super Rangers to start their own sentai show. The gang sets up their base of operations in Blue's uncle's warehouse; unsure of where to begin. However, in the center of the room stands a large object obscured with a large bedsheet. Pulling the sheet off, our actors find the start of their new journey,  and after signing a contract or two; they're ready to Lights, Camera, Chromatize!GAMEPLAYChroma Squad is very unique in its gameplay, fairly simple, but unique nonetheless. You control your units on a grid, taking turns moving your units and allowing your enemies to move. Simple. You can utilize a teamwork mechanic to not only group up on an enemy, but launch your rangers to spaces they couldn't normally reach. Unique. Each of your units has specific passives and abilities tailored to their class. Simple. These abilities may come into play for completing 'director's instructions'; secondary objectives that will give a healthy boost to your audience. Unique. Every mission features a big boss monster that has its own special attacks and abilities. Simple. Just like in Power Rangers though, the monster becomes gigantic after you beat it; bringing you into a risk-vs-reward kaiju fight minigame. Unique. You get the jist.Outside of combat you can upgrade your gear, improve your studio, answer e-mails, sign marketing agencies to your show, and upgrade your mecha. Upgrading your gear not only increases certain stats, but visually changes the look of your heroes for hire. Improving your studio provides you with an advantage while recording your episodes; though you really shouldn't think too hard about them. I'm not rally sure how upgrading your light fixtures makes enemies less likely to dodge attacks, but I also don't get how so many people burn their meals while watching my show. E-mails range from heartfelt to crazy and everything in-between Sometimesyou get fan-mail about aliens and tinfoil hats, and other times you get companies asking you to buy a 'sword enlargment kit.' Marketing agencies provide temporary bonuses in and outside of combat depending on which agencies you sign your brand to. Personally, I always chose Toys-R-Fans because I like money having money; lots and lots of money. Upgrading your mecha simply gives it small bonuses during the kaiju fights, such as increased hit chance or a chest beam. Y'know, little things.VISUALSThe visuals are nice, not too complex, but very charming. The pixelated aesthetic compliments the game nicely; and this especially shows in the exemplary boss design. You'll start out fighting monsters like Boxing Box; a cardboard box with boxing gloves. [You're on a tight budget okay?] Eventually however, you'll be fighting intergalactic evildoers such as Tengu, a Japanese demon with cloning capabilities. Either way, the game was pleasin' to my eyeballs and I think it'll please yours too.SOUNDTRACKHot diggity dog, this is a good soundtrack! Featuring 31 unique tracks composed by a variety of artists; you couldn't ask for anything better to accompany your multi-dimensional misadventures. Each track fits its respective scene beautifully, with the timing on some of them being downright god-tier. [That might be a bit of an exaggeration, but you get the point.] Personally, my favorite track has got to be the main theme. I can't tell you how much time I've wasted on the main menu listening to it. I probably need help.FINAL THOUGHTSIt takes quite a bit to make me buy a game based off of impulse alone, and Chroma Squad happened to have that special something. It was charming, enjoyable, and just challenging enough from start to finish to keep me wanting more consistently. In a way, I got hooked on Chroma Squad the way you get hooked on a show. My first thought after beating an episode was 'Man, I can't wait to see what happens next!'. Being able to choose my actors and their names was a great touch, and the ability to modify the catchphrases and names of aspects of the show took it to the next level. I don't think I'll ever get tired of a wise, robed monk yelling 'Prepare for dank justice!' before turning into a spandex clad superhero. The gameplay is simple, but brings a unique twist to just about every aspect. The dialogue is... cringe-worthy at times to say the least. At the same time though, it reminded me of the horrible dialogue in my favorite shows as a kid. I love the look of it, and I don't think I'll ever quite get over how fantastic the music was. This game is by no means perfect, but for what it's worth; I'm willing to say that this is everything that I've ever looked for in a videogame. It panders to my inner-child, it indulges my unhealthy addiction to customization, it scratches that tactical gameplay itch, it gives me goosebumps when I listen to the music, and most of all; it makes me remember why I love video games. Thanks Behold Studios, I needed something to get me outta this rut.Ohheytherealsomayormaynotbeanactualalienthreatthat'sgonnadestroytheplanetifyoudon'tstopitsogoodluckwiththat."
,Recommended,251130,15685942,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,MelficeOne,"101 Miutes played and just finished chapter 1. Oh excuse me ""Season 1"" with 4 Episodes  + a 4 Part Season FInale!and I have to say - I. Am. Pumped!the game itself is (as the title card says) a Shoot out to the classic Power Rangers series. You take over the role of 5 spandex wearing Super Sentai Actors who grew tired of their old director and start their own studio.They use Blue Rangers Uncles warehouse to shoot their first episodes and find a prop from a huge Super Hero thing - which their old director finds out himself... From there on he starts plotting and you start raking in fans, money and cardboard to make awesome costumes.First of all - the Episode stories are HILARIOUSLY terrible! But then, looking back to when Power Rangers was a thing in my life... WHo cared about story? I dont want to see those 5 people at school! I want to see them beat up those evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! Come on, make an entrance and beat the crap out of those Baddies! And thats what those episodes are about""F**k Story, lets kick some♥♥♥♥♥""the fighting feels like its fitting into a SUper Sentai series, with acrobatic jumps, multi hit combos and dreadfully colorful Team Attacks, and at times, I feel less like a twenty-something years old dude playing a strategy game, and more like the 6 year old kid, watching those spandexed Actors beating the crap out of other spandexed actors, Striking poses myself and being the Blue Ranger in Kindergarten.But I have to do some critic here as well. As first - the tutorial covers the basics. and only the basics. It covers moving, acrobatics, Team attacks with basic attacks. But thats it. Okay - other things can be found out within play, like that you can start a Team Attack with a Weapon Attack, instead of a basic attack and that the Weapon musnt be on Cooldown as well.Secondly - Weapons. Your main weapons are your - gloves. You can buy and craft swords and Guns but they never seemed to use them in battle. just... punching the enemy. Until I found out that those weapons are Active Abilities, with Cooldowns and all.The Amount of customisation is overwhelming in the beginning, and sometimes you may end up not knowing what to pick. But you'll come to understand.However, overall the game is awesome, and if you are a fan of old Super Sentai Series and in need of a little nostalgia fix, get this game!Random Fun Fact : When Haim Saban first bought the US rights for the Power Rangers Series, he only reshot the ""Everyday Life"" scenes with US actors and took the Fightng scenes from the japanese original series and re-dubbed them. A pretty intelligent move."
76561198248174126,Recommended,251130,23626361,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,mylesjaden4709,"The game is a exciting,funny, and intelligent parody of the Power Rangers, Super Sentai, and Kamen Rider series. The game is highly replayable with three difficulty settings, different actors to put on your five person team, and each character has a range of colors they can wear. Higher levels of skill is needed for the last two difficulties; interesting and challenging. Overall, the game is challenging, fun, exciting, and has high replayability."
,Not Recommended,251130,24946757,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,FunnyMan3595,"Starts strong, with an amusing story and good base mechanics.  By season 3 or 4, the scarcity of new and interesting mechanics turns the combat into a dull grind, full of reskinned enemies that you've fought again and again and again.I played through the end of season 4, on the highest difficulty.  The game balance seemed reasonable but not overly challenging at first, but by the end, it felt like I was constantly underlevelled and underequipped.  Even though the game has no concept of experience (season number does function as a sort of ""level"") and my gear was the best on offfer.As a result, the game became a tedious slog of repeatedly sending 2-3 people after each enemy (for multiple turns, if it was the defensive type), keeping everyone's health up, and the occasional weird ""because the director told me so"" goal to get more audience.  The strategy varied *slightly* depending on the exact configuration of enemies, whether you could hit a few with an AOE, and if there was a boss.  For bosses, the standard procedure was to ignore them until you killed the enemies, then repeatedly wail on them with 2-3 people and heal up from their inevitable ""knock one or all nearby people back, move, attack again"" attack pattern.  And with a boss in most episodes (stages), even that became completely routine.The end boss of season 4 was particularly dull.  Every few turns, he summons two enemy-summoning portals.  The portals have about as much health and defense as a normal enemy, and they spawn an enemy every turn (except the turn when they are spawned).  So you spend half or more of your time cleaning up the portals, rather than handling the boss.  The boss also has an assistant, who (for plot reasons) the game suggests not killing.  The assistant heals the boss periodically.  I ended up killing the assistant eventually, because it was taking far, far too long to win when I kept having to go kill portals and watch the boss get healed.  I had even tried letting the portals spawn for a few turns and just focusing on the boss, but had to regroup and clear them out, as the ever-spawning enemies were threatening to overwhelm me.The mech battles similarly stagnate.  The first one is neat, and the next few are also cool as you customize your mech.  But by the end of season 2, you're mech has basically reached its final form, and it's just a matter of making numbers go up to try to keep pace with ever-stronger enemies.I liked the game.  It had charm, an amusingly-cheesy plot, and solid mechanics.  But while the plot progressed and got better, the mechanics didn't,  I don't regret buying it, but I do find myself saddened and disappointed that it couldn't follow through on the solid experience it started."
,Recommended,251130,15789437,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,[TechRaptor] Coboney,"TechRaptor Review by Mark RichardAfter a development cycle interrupted by looming threats of legal action due to copyright issues, Chroma Squad, a a Kickstarter turn-based isometric tactical strategy with Super Sentai spices, created by Behold Studios, has made it across the finish line after reaching an amicable agreement with Saban Entertainment. Thank goodness for that, because it’s every bit as charming as the developer’s previous game Knights of Pen & Paper, only without those pesky micro-transactions.Despite a few questionable design choices and small bugs, Chroma Squad is an enjoyable experience. The customization makes all the difference in the world, and it has an infectious innocence that evokes fond childhood memories. The campaign goes on for a solid ten hours, plenty of time to use the framework’s potential to the fullest. If that doesn’t appeal there’s also a branching story, talk of adding multiplayer, and the end credits promise an upcoming New Game+ mode.Overall Score:6.5/10-Good- A whimsical love letter to Super Sentai and a must have for a fan, though far from perfect in design.Read the full review at:http://techraptor.net/content/chroma-squad-review-spandex-warriors"
,Recommended,251130,23158121,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,thitz,This is how a simple and elaborated gameplay with awesome pixel graphics and a touching soundtrack brings your childhood back to life.
76561198049018800,Not Recommended,251130,29415296,Posted: 21 January,all,pkp,"Tactical RPG fans interested in a Power Rangers parody should buy.I would like to give it a thumbs up. However, while I personally enjoyed the game, it has far too many issues and bugs. Behold Studios can do better.Pros*The Teamwork systemThe core of the battle system is the Teamwork system. I overall really like it. During a character's turn, you can end it by selecting ""Teamwork"". That character can then do one of two things: A. Join another team member's attack on an enemy.  B. Throw another team member to a further space.*You can fast forward through scenes by holding down Enter or SpaceA lot of games simply have a ""skip scene"" option, but that's a very binary choice. With fast forward, I can selectively skip through parts of scenes.*Character models change as you change equipment- In a lot of RPG's, the character models are the same regardless of what you've equipped. In Chroma Squad, the characters look different depending on what you've equipped!*Music- The background Studio music got stuck in my head. In a good way.- The music that plays in the Mecha battles is good and gives the appropriate feeling.- Japanese theme songs are great.*Can choose the order you play Episodes in- Each Season, there are 5 to 6 Episodes. Except for the first and last Episode, you can choose which order you play the Episodes in.Mixed*Story branches based on your choices- Great to have branching- But the branching is simplistic. There's onlyone minor branch and one major branch- If you want to see all 3 different endings, you have to replay from the beginning. And because the branching is so simplistic, you'll be mostly replaying the same content.Cons*Many game mechanics are not clearly explained.- What's Crafting Rate? Fan Conversion Rate? Income Conversion? Skill Regin? None of these are clearly explained by the game.- Some abilities boost Defense. Wait, how do I see my character's Defense stat? Well, you can't. They hid it.*Difficult to plan character movementIn Chroma Squad, you'll often want to use Team Acrobatics to have one team member throw another to a further tile. But this is tough to plan and I was often off by one.- You don't get to see the member's throwing range until after you've already put them into Teamwork mode.- The grid is only explicitly drawn as you're moving a character. And it is only drawn covering the area that that member can cover.The ability to undo actions that don't trigger RNG would be helpful. So you could undo movement or putting a member into Teamwork (exception: the Support class can heal neighboring members when put into Teamwork mode, which does trigger RNG).*Crafting is problematic.You can either buy equipment or craft it yourself. Crafting is neat in concept, but it has several issues:- The bought equipment is unique from the crafted equipment. You'll often be asking yourself whether you should buy Equipment B or craft Equipment C.  However, the Shop and Crafting screens are separate, so there is no direct way to compare the two. I found myself constantly jumping between the two screens. (And you can't jump directly between them. You have to back out to the main Studio screen first. Bleh.)- I generally found the Crafted equipment to be worse than the bought equipment.- Some crafted items get random properties, which are basically boosts to one of the stats. But there's no explanation of what to expect. If you get Health +10 is that a good roll or a bad roll? Also, sometimes your rolls can be for the same stat. I found that a bit surprising at first and wondered if the game maybe failed to give me one of my random properties.*The story scenes have horribly slow pacing. Thank goodness you can fast-forward.- In many scenes, the enemies are shown appearing one... by... one...  by... one... Why? No one want to see that.- Do you like watching characters move across the screen with nothing happening?- There are significant pauses between characters saying lines- The fast forward system doesn't have an option to let you stop fast-forwarding at speech lines. That's what I really want. I want to read the dialog, but I don't want to have to wait through poorly choreagraphed scenes.*Every mecha battle is the exact same- Every monster you fight behaves the same way. And so you never have to change your strategy in how to fight them.- The setting where you fight is always the exact same. (The game lampshades this, but that doesn't excuse it.)- This was a huge missed opportunity. Imagine monsters that attack in unique ways that require unique responses. Or unique environments that you can use as part of the fight.*The final bad guy is a huge letdown.He simply just shows up at the very end. You've never seen him before. There's absolutely no connection to the character. That's a big story failure.*Tons of bugs- About 20+ minutes into the final battle, the game wouldn't advance. I had to restart from the beginning of the battle.- After finishing an Episode, I pressed escape while it was totalling how much Money and Fans I had earned. The game got in a messed up state and never gave me credit for the Money or Fans.- For a game that fails to explain its mechanics, it compounds this by showing incorrect information around those mechanics:-- The game often improperly calculates Expected Income.-- One Ad Agency gives you a bonus of 35 Fans per Episode. The game improperly shows that the Fan Conversion rate is increased by 35, instead of just a flat increase of 35 Fans.-- The game is often incorrect about the number of Fans and Money you earned the previous Episode- When defending in the Mecha battles, you basically have to time when you press your mouse. Unfortunately, this is exactly when the game would decide to stutter on me.- Sometimes a character is attacked offscreen and the camera doesn't move to show you what's happening.- If you click the upper right corner, you can submit a bug report, which is great. But, the form to report bugs has bugs! The arrow keys where you're writing text don't work."
76561198202741297,Recommended,251130,34700719,Posted: 2 September,all,PotPi,"Lights, Camera, Chromatize!I've 100% completed this game so I not only feel entitled, but also morally obligated to shove my opinion down your throat. Deal with it.Chroma Squad is a tactical RPG in the same vein as Nintendo's Fire Emblem series, but with a strange twist. Instead of being a knight or a dude with spikey hair and a giant sword, you play as a group of five stuntmen who act in a Power Rangers inspried show, complete with cheesy catchphrases and mech battles.Chroma Squad's story is pretty simple. Your goal is to film each of the gangs' adventures for their TV show. Things seem fine at first, but the group begins to realize that their adventures may be more fact than fiction. I won't spoil any of the three endings, but they're all great.Gameplay: As previosuly mentioned, this game runs in a similar way to the Fire Emblem series. For those who are uninitiated into weeb culture, Fire Emblem (and this game) do away with the idea that in turn-based battles your characters all stand in a line. Instead, you move them around a grid to get an advantage and perform special moves. One of this game's most important features is its' teamwork specials. By having a member of Chroma Squad perform the Teamwork move, other member can perform teamwork attack, Finishers, or Team Acrobatics which extend your sprint range. At the end of each episode, how well you did will be tallied into ""Audience Points"", which are then converted into your profit and fans. You'll also recieve materials which can be used to craft better weapons and armor for your squad.Mecha Battles: These are, in my opinion, the most fun part of the game. At the end of most episodes from Season 2 and on, the boss you fight will grow to gigantic size! In order to combat this, your Squad gears up thier Mecha bot. Your bot and the enemy then take turns hitting eachother, defending, and performing specials. Each time you attack, your percent chance of hitting goes down by 10%, meaning you'll have to be careful to balance your attacks and defences. You can also use the materials you recieve or buy to upgrade parts of your mecha in order to increased attack, defence, hit chance, or give new specials.Customization: There are a total of 5 rangers on your squad. The techie is best at dealing ranged damage. The Scout is the best at sneaking in, dealing damage, and getting out. The Assualt is good at hitting things really really hard. The Support is for healing your team, and the Lead is for keeping your team organized so they don't become too thinly spread. Within each ranger, there are 6 actors you can choose from who each gives their own extra stats. For instance, the lead in my first playthrough had the Asimobot actor, while my second playthrough used Mr. Beaver. Beyond that, you can also choose the nicknames of your rangers and what colors their suits are! :DPros:1. Simple gameplay that's easy to pick up, but still has some depth for experienced players2. The story is just interesting enough to keep you invested3. Multiple endings adds a ton to the replay value4. Four levels of difficuly most different types of players (Casual for those who want to see the story, up to Legendary for those who want a callenge)5. It's so gosh darn charming! Each boss has their own personality and taglines, and it makes me feel so fuzzy inside. <3Cons:1. There are occasionaly a few visual glitches, but unless you're a real stickler, they shouldn't hinder your experience much.2. The only real complaint I have is how short the story is. In total, one playthrough of the campaign takes about 15 hours. Again, this is brought up to about 45 hours between 3 different endings, but the 2nd and 3rd playthrough are mostly filler until the last season.If you don't play this game, you're doing a disservice to yourself. This game is filled with so much charm with it's characters, palette, and story, you'll find it hard to stop playing. Prop all of that up with awesome gameplay, and you've got yourself an awesome way to spend 40+ hours.9.5/10, HIghly recommended."
,Recommended,251130,15624049,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Minmataro,"First Impressions: Will Update as I play moreChroma Squad is a pixel art tactical turn based Rpg.You are a bunch of stuntmen and women that decided to strike out on their own and start a tv studio.You take contracts, set up costumes and weapons,  battle it out in power ranger like episodes that lead to boss fights.All in all its been good fun so far.So far in my limited playtime i would most certainly recommend this game."
,Recommended,251130,33445733,Posted: 10 July,all,Homem-Arantes,"Amazing game! It's funny, the battle is really good, and there is plenty of customization. The mecha battles could be a little harder (playing on the hardest difficulty), but that's the only thing I have to complain."
,Recommended,251130,31329046,Posted: 23 April,all,thinghole,"Overall, I think Chroma Squad really has a lot of great ideas going for it. I'm not a power rangers/sentai fan, but I do like srpgs and I was pleasantly surprised by a lot of things in this game:+ The gameplay is simplistic but satisfying. Where you can sometimes have maps that last for ~30 minutes in a game like X-com or FF Tactics, it's not uncommon to find yourself done with a Chroma Squad map in about 15 minutes. This is great if you have that strategy itch but you don't want to commit a lot of time.+ The teamwork abilities are a very nice inclusion that offer some depth. There is a nice sense of risk/reward in choosing how you control your team - for example, do you throw a ranger across the field to take out an enemy, potentially leaving them too far out? Do you chromatize now, or wait until your actors' health bars drop significantly in order to take advantage of the full heal? These are things I caught myself thinking about before I committed to any actions.+ The presentation and story are charming enough, even though I found myself skipping through the cutscenes more often than not.+ Micro base-building feature that allows you to do things like respond to fanmail and improve the studio so that you can make the most out of your next battle.+ It's obvious that the developers loved making this game and there's always something to be said for that.There are some really deep flaws, though:-The giant robot fight sequences. You trade out a decent-sized field for a setting similar to a really basic fighting game where your only options are to hope you click the right thing to defend (which only blocks a meager amount of damage) and hope your attacks keep hitting. Even if you lose this fight, there is a safe-guard that brings your health back to full, so I never really felt like these fights were as climactic as they probably should have been. Compared to the surprising depth you can get out of the field combat with the rangers, the giant robot fights feel really underwhelming and lazy.-Dumb boss fights. You can breeze through a set of interesting fights only to come across a season finale (aka boss) that can not only attack more frequently than half of your team -combined- but can also teleport or heal in addition to summon extra minions. These fights are sometimes difficult but always annoying. These fights come off as cheap ploy to increase difficulty rather than actually coax you into utilizing the best that your strategy has to offer.obligatory numerical rating: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,251130,15673819,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Anselan,"I'm not really one for writing reviews, but I wanted to make an exception for Chroma Squad.This game is an absolute gem. It is so suffused with character and charm as to reach points of ridiculousness. It pairs down the infinite complexity of many tactic games to a small team of characters, which allows each to have their own personality. The storyline, though I'm only a few hours in, is the perfect blend of cliché, kitsch, and nostalgia that somehow comes together to be more than the sum of its parts.I can say wholeheartedly that I really wish I had seen the kickstarter when it was up so that I could say I had done my part to make this game possible.I would be remiss if I didn't mention a few things I would've like to have seen, after all this is a review. I went in expecting to be able to make small graphical reprentation of my friends and I, but when selecting characters you select them as a whole character. So you can't choose what they look like without also choosing their stat bonuses. So, while there is character customization it's not as indepth as I would've liked.During gameplay you'll get access to crafting. I would've liked to have seen a slightly more informative UI and perhaps an indication of how deep the crafting tree goes. It would also be nice if there was more options at each tier. As it is, it seems to break down to two options, either straight HP or HP with some added utility. But, as I said, I'm only a few hours in. (Half way through Season 3)If those two points started to scare you away from this game, please don't let them. I have not had this much goofy fun in a long time, and I wouldn't want you to miss out on it because of my whining.I unreservedly recommend this game."
76561198063343755,Recommended,251130,31979438,Posted: 26 May,all,inigma3000,This game truly deserves a sequel! I really enjoyed!
,Recommended,251130,33919119,Posted: 30 July,all,Doctor Suplex,"Micromanage a team of rangers as they try and save Earth!Graphics:Being a loved of pixel graphics, this game immediatley appealed to me.  The art style and bright colors really popped out to me and made me smile.  All the spites are well detailed and animated.  A lot of love whent into the graphics!Sound:Bieng that I bought the soundtrack, that tells you that I LOVED the sound of this game.  The soundtrack was always a joy to listen to and the sound effects were funny and great!  So much as that I BOUGHT the soundtrack! I especially loved the impact sounds when you got a critical on enemies!Control:Bieng this was point and click, there were few issues with it, save for an instance here or there were it would seem you can click a spot when you can't.  Other than that, no issues whatsoever!  I did not get to try the addiction joystick controls that were recently added.Gameplay:Managing a team of stuntment as they evolve into actual rangers may seem silly, but it works well!  You have a finite amount of resources to deal with as your try to buy equipment or crafting supplies and crafting equipment or new parts for your mech.  You gain money from beginning of season grants, completing episodes and crafting supplies from enemy drops.  You also control what abilities they bring into battle, and they gain more as you complete seasons.Each battle is a careful dance of keeping your rangers alive and trying to complete Director Instructions, additional episode objectives that gain you extra money and audiance, but can be difficult to do at time.  Many battles were very difficult but never unfair or cheap, and at least for me, you could always come back from a major screw up.  The mecha battles used to be difficult, having to deal the RNG, btu after the Director's Cut, this is now alleviated by a reaction bar minigame, making it easier to perform combos and survive battles.The story also gave me a smile with each episode, which felt like I was watching an old tokusatsu show!  From dealing with a silly moment to saving citizens from petrification, this game's episodes were always fun to play!  The jokes werte always funny and never ham fisted.  Props to the writers!This is an excellent game to play and watch!  My lil sister enjoyed watching it as well.  She never got to see the ending, but I know she would have loved it.  Please, support the devs and BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197981002173,Recommended,251130,15624087,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Volpato,"Amazing game. Nice graphics, nice music, nice jokes. I recommend for everyone who likes tokusatsu."
,Recommended,251130,33386347,Posted: 8 July,all,Blockingturtle,LOVE THE GAME and i totally recommend it but i been coming across a few issues like when editting settings i get a white screen hope to see then fixed soon
,Recommended,251130,15807184,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Unravel,"Chroma Squad is absolutely worthy of my 300 Steam games anniversary. This game doubles, no, triples the fun capacity Asian superhero shows comprise, as it's about winning the audience as much as winning the forces of evil. It could have been really plain if they simply mixed fighting sequences with cutscenes, but the fourth wall gameplay mechanics made this game something special. You don't only gear up and ""battle"", you literary make a show through different decisions as a director and manager. Half a year in and this is one of the most entertaining games I played in 2015."
76561198075324448,Recommended,251130,15918410,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Polar Ninja,"Watch our review on our channel Steam Punks!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gwizmWdkYUWho didn’t have at least some fascination for Power Rangers when they were a kid? Sure the effects were cheesy and the plots formulaic, but there was a special magic when you were younger to seeing a team of colourful heroes take down hordes of nameless aliens and monsters. Hell, Marvel Disney seems to know what’s up. With the help of Kickstarter, Behold Studios launched their tactical RPG based off Saban’s hit franchise with amazing results. Get your suit ready, it’s time to Chromatize.For such a lighthearted tone, the storyline is legitimately captivating. In what almost seems like a metaphor for the formation of Behold Studios, the 5 stunt actors that do most of the work on their past Sentai show decide to quit out of frustration with their director’s lack of fresh ideas. While building a studio from scratch, our heroes need to shoot episodes quickly and establish a fanbase to turn some revenue so they can keep the lights on, the actors paid, and the new season contracts coming in. The entire game is framed around this television production point of view, with missions gradually blurring the lines of reality into the realms of fantasy and superpower for the characters. Setups for conflict are playful with these ideas; an episode may require multiple reshoots due to on-set power outages, and other times you could be joined by unexpected ally rangers with their own personal vendettas against the alien baddies. Each level ends with tweets from your followers either praising or criticizing your work, and a fun email system helps to make you feel like you’re actually interacting with your niche crowd. The brief tutorial on combat helps succinctly explain the flow of fighting without dragging down players with over-explanation, and it does a great job to tie into the introduction of the story. The whole game carries a consistently fun tone that’s easy to enjoy. It’s a cheerful and self-aware romp through the experiences of being an independent studio and crafting something meaningful to both the creators and fans.For veterans of the genre it may feel slightly basic and on a smaller scale, but every element you’d want in a tactical RPG has been incorporated here fantastically. There are 5 separate roles for each party member to fill. There’s the lead that acts as a tank, support as a healer, a stealthy and mobile scout, an assault character as your heaviest damage unit, and a techie that specializes in ranged combat and item use. Each class has distinct capabilities and limitations for moving around boards and dispatching enemies, making your choice of team member just as important as what you want to do with them. Audience is gained by performing skillful moves and combos, and this metric dictates your overall fan count and income. Just like most Power Rangers episodes, the squad usually has to engage in some out of costume combat before having enough audience power to Chromatize and activate your powerful suits and abilities. Skilled players can be rewarded with bonus audience by following special director instructions in each episode shoot. Trying to setup tactics to fulfil every side goal can be challenging, but other times the objectives sort of complete themselves.Players can employ a variety of tactics to clear levels; strategies don’t simply involve just hiding weaker units behind tanks. There are two phases to each character’s turn, allowing you to creatively set up attacks with special weapons, abilities, and a unique gameplay element called Teamwork. Activating this ability sets up the character to help gang-attack enemies with subsequent Rangers, or catapult teammates across the board to reach distant foes. Setting up a Teamwork attack with all 5 members results in a satisfying finishing move that deals massive damage, but players who aren’t careful to use this maneuver appropriately are punished with a loss of audience interest.Of course many bosses take on a second life after defeat, becoming Kaiju beasts to destroy with your giant mecha robot. These sequences handle similarly to piloting a World of Warcraft vehicle, but unfortunately for how common these parts are they lack the same amount of strategy that can be found in the rest of the game.Players that put in the time will find it easy to see the inspiration taken from the source material in a loving way, and the thoughtful game behind it. Your experience feels totally customizable from the start. You choose from a large variety of actors; characters with specific stats to fit into the game’s 5 main roles for your squad. You can set the colour for each member as well, fully immersing your interest in your team. If you want the pink ranger to steal the spotlight with the lead role you can totally do that here, or maybe you don’t want a red ranger at all, there really are no limits to team assembly. The unique T.V. production management system to your team’s growth is a wonderfully creative way to explain the game’s action and provide a narrative backbone to the accumulation of player wealth.Rather than gaining experience and levels, characters boost their stats through buying and crafting new gear. Creating new items from dropped material makes outfitting your team to be a more involved endeavour than simply spending money at a shop, and it motivates you to defeat just a few more foes in each stage to get those extra drops. Quirky item descriptions help keep a smile on your face while you click through these menus. There’s a good emphasis on needing to understand how to get the most out of your cash and saved up materials in order to make your team the best it can be. There’s also an interesting balance between managing your budget to buy your team these upgrades and to also spend on studio expenses, such as better lighting and healthcare, each adding their own statistical advantages. A variety of marketing companies can be hired for different perks in order to gain a larger audience and more income, and just like the items more of these are unlocked as you progress through the story.The game’s broken down into 5 seasons, with each stage acting as an episode shoot. Starting a new season unlocks the next tier on each character’s ability tree, giving exciting progression to each of the distinct classes. Players can set their team’s abilities to their preference and go back to tweak them later with no penalty, giving a level of freedom to experimentation on these trees that isn’t in most role playing games.The level of detail in the presentation truly creates a vibrant world to take in, all accompanied by a soundtrack that’s honestly one of the most enjoyable we’ve ever found in an indie game. Little touches like the plucky upbeat signature jingle complements the rest of the perfect retro groove that the music carefully weaves with its effects and scales. Seriously, they’re some of the best bit-style tracks this side of Megaman. Art is so fine-tuned as to even include bent corners on menu screens to make you feel like you’re watching from your tube TV. The familiar pixel art style is done expertly; there’s a real level of character given to the sprites by the careful expressions and animations. The isometric perspective works extremely well for both the gameplay and the artwork.Behold Studios really hit all the right notes, giving us a great tactical turn-based action title that’s a perfect game for fans of the genre or anyone looking to try it for the first time. You might spend some time wading through some new gameplay elements, but it quickly clicks and with enough skill you’ll soon be taking down monsters just like they do on TV. There’s no doubt that you should take up your offer to join the Chroma Squad.SCORE: 9.0"
,Not Recommended,251130,21216062,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,[GAF]celebi23,"On Mac OS X, entering any text does not work.  This issue was known since launch:http://steamcommunity.com/app/251130/discussions/0/490121928350677600/#p1It's still an ongoing problem:http://steamcommunity.com/app/251130/discussions/0/458606877308592754/http://steamcommunity.com/app/251130/discussions/0/412446890552554262/http://steamcommunity.com/app/251130/discussions/0/490121928350677600/#p1The developer released the game knowing that it was broken on Mac OS X:https://twitter.com/beholdstudios/status/673313741325344768https://twitter.com/beholdstudios/status/688494763620888576The game won't even start for some Mac users:http://steamcommunity.com/app/251130/discussions/0/496879865895336872/It should not have been released on Mac OS X since it is this horribly broken."
76561198000997770,Recommended,251130,28121516,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Jakamoko,"Very fun and thematic game, played all the 3 endings. The tactical RPG element is somewhat simple, but on the highest difficulty the combat is very interesting, because you have to work with what you have and can't grind levels/items. The difficulty curve to me was just right. And it's from a studio from my country, so I might be biased, but I want this Behold Studio to keep growing!"
,Recommended,251130,18428883,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Lukewarm Bong,"I had a great time playing this! With that sweet, sweet 90's pixel-art nostalgia and the general ""have fun"" attitude of the game, I couldn't help but enjoy it! Not to mention that awesome music. The Nintendo/Sega-esque 8-bit style battle music is soothing to my soul.For a T-RPG it's pretty minimal in its actual strategic gameplay. That was something I personally loved, but I could easily see others hating. Differen't strokes for differen't folks. If you were looking for a hardcore, strategy heavy tactical RPG (which no one would blame you considering one of the key words is ""Tactical"").. then this game most likely isn't for you. If anything, as far as strategy goes it's mainly about what you build more so than what you actually do during the battle sequences. I think this was a great move because It greatly helps the game's immersion factor, which is the part that truly charms you and stands out the most. I played on intermediate difficulty and not once did I have to consciously think about how I was gonna move/attack 'X' turns ahead like a game of chess. I did, however, have a moment where I consciously thought (and was surprised) at how captivated I was into what's basically an 8-bit power rangers rip-off with a ""behind the scenes"" twist. I think it's because of factors like the minimal strategic gameplay (as well as the storyline) that I was able to just relax my stoned mind and have fun with it.The story is easily where this game shines the most. A story that really makes you feel like you're progressing from the point of being stunt actors playing fake super heroes to becoming actual ones thateventually end up saving the entire planet (and I think universe?). Another thing to note about this game is it's very satirical, emphasizing mainly on the process that goes in to shooting the episodes and production in general. The bosses are sometimes pretty ludicrous in design (and name) but this game's humor is just that, ludicrous and out there- So it fits the theme nicely. There's also multiple endings- something that I was unaware of until randomly checking out the achievements (lol). That's a pretty big bonus and adds a good bit of replayability. The story is also much longer than I expected it to be, so that was a pleasant surprise all aroundThe dialogue became... interesting... at times. But the rest of the game as a whole easily makes up for the questionable dialogue. When it's bad dialogue- it's intentional. It's not like it's bad because it was an earnest attempt at something that just came out wrong in translation, or something that just flat out didn't work at all. It's definitely all intentionally placed bad dialogue. Things like the game'sconstantbreaking of the fourth wall was forgiveable... but intentional typos for a laugh and putting emoji's into my game dialogue?! NO. Just, NO!The music was fantastic and hit all the right spots. I'm considering buying the soundtrack for $5 just to make a good review for it that would probably rival this one in length. Nuff said.. It's probably what hooked me the most (next to the story) being how important music in general is to a guy like me, but I digress.All in All, it's a fantastic game. I highly recommend if you enjoyed anything 'Power Rangers' related when you were younger, and just feel like having a few laughs with it now that you're older."
76561197993777365,Recommended,251130,23875517,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gaston Beton,"A spunky, cool game featuring a squad of stuntmen and -women who set out to make a POWER RANGERS-style series.As far as the gameplay goes: It's a mix of isometrical turn-based tactics and one of those management games where you get to buy stuff and outfit your office. Stuff like MAD TV. If you remember that one, then you're an old fart like me and you probably just missed the super sentai-craze of the mid-90s, because you considered yourself too old and prefered mature stuff like those XTREME era IMAGE comics. You know... the ones where superheroes hat 5000 pouches. But I digress. Gameplay-wise, CHROMA SQUAD is really nifty. There are three difficulty levels and the middle one is just right in my opinion. I'm too old to get really good at any game - once you pass the magical 30, you come to find that life won't allow you to play video games for ten hours a day. And when I say ""life"", I mean ""spouse"", you know what I'm sayin'? Not that I'm complaining! Just saying it like it is, yo. Droppin' knowledge. Yo, yo.The thing I like best about this game, is its sense of humour, though. Really. Usually, I find games that try to be funny annoying. There is something so endearing about CHROMA SQUAD that I just can't bring myself not to chuckle. You can see that the makers are not trying to make fun of POWER RANGERS and the like, they are paying hommage, but in an oddball way that really has heart. As referential as the game is, its references are never ham-fisted and they don't pander to geeks moe-stlye. They're actually quite cute.So. There you go. If you were to ask me ""Gaston, shall I buy this game"", I'd answer: ""Go for it."" And then I'd add that if you remember MAD TV, you should google it, because there is an online version of it that you can play in your browser.Peace, out."
,Not Recommended,251130,19975346,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sealion-Six,"As a kamen rider/super sentai fan I absolutely enjoyed this game for the first hour or so.  However, after the magic of creating your own sentai team wears off the game's flaws shine.  The mech battles are the MOST tedious, repeatitive and awful experience you'll even have with a game.  The regular on foot combat gets pretty repetitive as well, but isn't the worst RPG combat I've endured.  THE WRITING THOUGH. The writing is attrocious even with the patch that removed some of the meme spouting.  It screams reddit and doesn't ever improve to feel like you're in an actual sentai show."
,Recommended,251130,27455423,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,holdmykidney,"Great game. I think it really helps if you're a fan of Super Sentai shows. Even a reasonable knowledge of Power Rangers will do. But even without that, I think what really shines through with this game is how self-referential a lot of the writing and humour is. Fake emails from viewers asking when the Kickstarter backers will get their copies, sidelong references to how similar all the enemies look, pokes at bad spell-checking of the narrator.And the pop-culture references go beyond Power Rangers. If you look closely enough, there are littered references and parodies of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Teletubbies, Robocop - even The Devil's Advocate!Behind all this is an extremely solid and varied strategy game. Chroma Squad comes in for a lot of criticism for being shallow - and I think this was my first impression, too. The first ""season"" of the game provides very limited flexibility and differences between characters and especially on normal difficulty it's easy to simply punch your way through most battles. But the action is driven by the Director's Instructions which push you to complete battle with a certain style and a certain way, which makes a difference to audience size, fans and of course studio income. Characters get an additional ability slot unlocked per-season, so by the third or fourth set of missions it's possible to really customise your squad's abilities and maximise your performance.Arguably the weakest element is the Kaiju fights, in which you take turns trading blows with a giant enemy. I personally like them and I think they're a really satisfying end to an episode, from a narrative point of view. BUT, if you choose upgrades which give you boosted attack and hit % then there really isn't much to do apart from gamble with the decreasing hit % and occasionally defend. However I recently went for a Mecha build which game me a choice of four special abilities to choose from and this gave me a lot of flexibility, expression and interest in these fights - but that route is optional, so the devs may want to consider what needs changing for these in - dare I wish!? - a sequel.But it's definitely one of those games where I think ""ahh, one more episode"" and before I know it, it's two A.M. Really fun turn-based combat, great humour and stories and I love the low bit graphic style."
,Recommended,251130,15688370,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mashidar,It's a rather fun and enjoyable title. From the graphics to the designing your own cast and outfits I really like the overall tone of the game.
76561197966570381,Recommended,251130,16762446,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,PH3NOmenon,"I was never a real fan of the whole sentai/power rangers stuff, still the theme was enjoyable on a '90s nostalgia level. I guess a lot of jokes went over my head but I didn't overly mind much.This game describes itself as a tactical RPG, and it couldn't be more accurate about that. It's not particularly strategy heavy, but the tactical play and the between missions team building feels great. The crafting system is a bit clunky and some of the studio upgrades seem very oddly priced, but that doesn't ruin the fun. The game did feel a bit easy on the medium difficulty setting though.Alll in all, I feel it's good enough to recommend provided you like tactical play and the theme. The rough edges can be forgiven because you get the real feel that this was a labour of love.This game does commit the capital sin of making you feel irrelevant during the final bossfight. They tried to go for an epic ending and succeeded, but all your choices and perfect tactics don't contribute to it. It doesn't ruin the game, but it's a beginner's design mistake they shouldn't have made."
76561198098099671,Recommended,251130,32338689,Posted: 11 June,all,Seavo,"Awesome game, high replay value, nice mix between manager and rpg's.8/10"
,Recommended,251130,28020792,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Swlaerka,They've got a power and a forceThat you've never seen beforeThey've got the ability to morphAnd to even up the scoreNo one could ever take them downThe power lies on their sideGo Go Power Rangers!!!Go Go Power Rangers!!!Go Go Power Rangers!!!Mighty Morphin' Power RangersThey know the fate of the world is lying in their handsThey know to only use their weapons for defenseNo one will ever take them downThe power lies on their sideGo Go Power RangersGo Go Power RangersGo Go Power RangersYou Mighty Morphin' Power RangersNo one can ever take them downThe power lies on their siiiideGo Go Power RangersGo Go Power RangersGo Go Power RangersYou Mighty Morphin' Power RangersGo Go Power Rangers!!!Go Go Power Rangers!!!Go Go Power Rangers!!!______________________________10/10 Rec buttons does not work
,Recommended,251130,15678841,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,wes,"Amazing gameplay, dialogues and soundtrack. Can't recommend highly enough!"
76561198013500350,Recommended,251130,15640223,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Canceler,Just having too much fun with this game. The narrative and dialogues are really nerdy. The way the dialogues constantly break the 4th wall is also hilarious. Highly recommend this to those who watched Power Rangers throughout their childhood.
,Recommended,251130,33546493,Posted: 14 July,all,rocketrobie2,"Do you Hate fun? Do you want something thats sub-par and 'meh'? Do you just wish that some intergalactic menace would hurry up and take over the effing planet already?Well then this ain't the game for you.Chroma Squad is one of my favourite games on Steam and defiantly in my top fifteen games of all time. I grew up only ever getting a sliver of the high-octane Power Rangers action but this game still managed to make me nostalgic for a fad that had almost entirely passed me buy. The turn based combat is simple but well done, the mecha fights are almost as rad as the sick ollies I do on my non-existant skateboard and the character development/customization is a major plus to the game.I can do nothing but praise the game for it's amazing concept and education.All that being said there are the occasional glitches and I found that moving the camera can be a little problematic at times though I play on a Mac Laptop so that very well may be just on my end."
76561197978059168,Recommended,251130,15674591,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Annie Jump Cannonball,"My only gripe with this game is how jarring some of the meme usage is in the dialogue. Luckily, the game has a very sentai/tokusatsu justification for their inclusion in the game. That aside, the game is super fun and doesn't outstay its welcome by any means. The bonus goals on each level add a nice change in pace most of the time. It took me about 10ish hours to go through the first playthrough and I'm definitely going to play it again to get other endings and use squad members differently. Being as it was just released, there's still a few bugs here and there, but nothing completely game breaking.I'd love to see a sequel, DLC, or other modes like multiplayer/map making added to extend the life of this game! Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,251130,16501309,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,xIBubonicIx,If you like turn based combat and knigths of pen and paper this is a must buy!
76561198268369598,Recommended,251130,22873338,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Sir WAFFLZ,"Though it seems to become a bit repetitive, Chroma Squad is an amazing game! I love the Power Rangers and can say that this definitely does the 1990s classics justice. (I disown the new Rangers) Great customization and turn based mechanics along with light hearted jokes, this game is a nostalgia trip for sure."
,Recommended,251130,27055372,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,summerspeak,"Didn't know what to expect when I started Chroma Squad, but was pleasantly surprised. It knows what its trying to be and the fandom its drawing from. It hooked me and I couldn't stop playing, always interested in the next challenges the game would present as well as the story twists. My nomination for ""I thought this was cool before it won and award."" Because this game does deserve and award!"
,Recommended,251130,33506719,Posted: 13 July,all,crippknottick,Traffic cone boss is very cheezy MMPR material. I love it!
,Recommended,251130,23962885,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Xhaiden,"If you were sifting through the endless wasteland of your discovery queue looking for a hidden gem, then rest easy. For you have found one.Add it to cart. Regret nothing."
,Recommended,251130,30934941,Posted: 3 April,all,Maxolotl,"Will there be a sequel to the Chroma Squad?I really like the ranger designs, monsters, funny story, tactics, and the references to Tokukatsu series. I especially liked the Kamen Rider Ranger. If you do make a sequel, will it be based on one of the later seasons? or even somehing else than Sentai, like the Japanese Beetleborgs?Sequel or not, I would support any project from Behold Studios."
,Recommended,251130,29575220,Posted: 29 January,all,Baphomet,"Five stunt doubles quit their job and start their own sentai show in Chroma Squad, a turn based tactical RPG. If you’re not familiar with the sentai genre, it’s basically costumed people doing goofy acrobatics and occasionally piloting giant robots to fight space monsters and other wacky stuff, and this game features all of that. You even get to name your team (I picked Colorblind Crusaders to be ironic) and can customize all of their catch phrases.Each of your team members has a role that defines how you will use them in combat. The scout typically runs ahead to stun groups of enemies or pick off individual monsters. Support heals and technician has a variety of useful skills and long distance attacks. Lead and Assault are for tanking and damage dealing respectively. All characters have their own skill tree that expands with new selectable skills every season.This game features an assist system where a character ends their turn and becomes available for throwing other characters across the battlefield. If you put characters in assist mode while surrounding a monster and attack with a non-assist character, you will perform a team attack for additional damage. Finally, placing all five members of your squad in assist mode surrounding a monster initiates a special finishing move that does a lot of damage.A major underlying system in Chroma Squad is the audience meter. You gain audience by successfully completing levels. To keep things interesting, each level has director’s instructions that are essentially mini-quests ranging from “defeat the monster with a finishing move” or “attack the monster with lead 5 times”. Audience is turned into cash at the end of each episode and can be used with various marketing agencies to give your squad various different bonuses as well as additional cash. Cash is then used to buy armor or weapons or crafting materials to make specialized gear.If I had to sum up Chroma Squad with one word it would probably be “cozy”, if only because of the soundtrack and overall graphic theme. Try listening to the OST on youtube and you’ll see (or hear rather) what I mean. I really liked the simplified retro-look as well, it has sort of a late-era SNES feel to it which fits perfectly with the game’s style. There are all sorts of little campy details like the characters doing different silly poses when they’re the focus of conversation or the omnipresent recording crew following you to every single battle and staying just out of harm’s way.All of this comes with a nasty catch though; there are some significant performance issues in this game. My rig is capable of doing VR games no problem but I still had loads of framerate drops at random parts of the game. The good news about this is that it typically won’t effect your playthrough due to the tactical nature of the game, but it will be a bit of a pain for giant robot fights where you have a QTE during the monster’s turn that requires you to click at a precise time to defend.If you are in to sentai-style stuff at all, you will probably love Chroma Squad. Even if you aren’t though, this game is still fun for anyone who would enjoy a tactical rpg like Disgaea or Final Fantasy Tactics."
,Recommended,251130,23414988,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Meat Lion,"It's a fun game if you like to make everything a joke.Because this game is just a joke.It's a game that never takes itself seriously and is always whipping out gags and puns whenever it gets the chance.Really good game for people who are always in the mood for a laugh.Also, the customization in this game is sublime."
76561198044551402,Recommended,251130,31751814,Posted: 14 May,all,Koodlevoodlen,"Put 24 hours into this game over a less than 48 hour period of time. Time just escaped me while playing it.You should know that I'm reviewing this from the perspective of someone who has never touched a tactical RPG in his life. I just like Super Sentai/Power Rangers and superhero games. I bought this on a whim and haven't regretted it since.The game is fairly short. I beat it on Casual in less than a day and am probably 65 or so % of the way through my Normal mode playthrough about a day later. That said, the game warrants at least 3 replays due to the branching story which leads to multiple endings (not Mass Effect 3 style endings. REAL alternate endings). So far I've already encountered 2 brand new bosses and one new stage that I didn't play on my first time through during my second run.The pixel art is really fun and doesn't take away from the experience at all. It runs like a dream and only takes about 5 minutes to download due to the small set of files. The music is very reminiscent of my Game Boy days and brings me back. It'll stick in your head in a good way and definitely helps you feel pride when you finish a really tough Megazord fight. The real selling point for me was the ability to fully customize your ranger team from what they shout when they morph to what they yell to summon the Megazord - you really feel like you're running a season of the show.A couple of negatives include an inability to undo accidental purchases in the in-game currency shop system. I have to quit without saving and go through buying everything again which can be a pain if I regret buying a certain piece of gear or crafting a certain item. You can't preview the stat changes on craftable items before making them which pushes you to do the quit without saving thing a decent amount on your first playthrough. The RNG side of Megazord fights basically makes them a big gamble as my stats don't seem to be doing me any favors in my second playthrough. It's also somewhat boring compared to the ranger parts of the game due to basically only having the choice of attacking or defending as your pray to RNGesus to bless your next move.Other than that, I can't praise this game more highly for fellow casual strategy game players. If you're more hardcore, you might find it too simplistic, but maybe the game's humor and charm can win you over into donating a few hours of your life to a little Power Rangers nostalgia."
,Recommended,251130,25036768,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[a1] Inkthan,It's really fun and so addicting that on Casual i beat it on the second day i got it.
76561198013308295,Recommended,251130,15720107,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ZyloWolfBane,"First off, let me just say how amazing this game is. I streamed this over the course of 3 days on my channel and it was probably the most fun I have had playing a game in a LONG time.Do you like Power Rangers or any sentai characters? Do you like SRPGs? Do you like insane amounts of customization/personalization? Do you like giant robots!? Do you like great chiptunes?Then this game is for you!This game oozes so much personality it's insane!I ended up naming each of my characters after friends and somehow managed to match their personalities perfectly, so it made for an even more enjoyable experience cause the dialog was so much fun!And for the pricetag you're getting a fun game with multiple difficulty settings, multiple paths, multiple endings. What's not to like?You'll love the dialog, the little pop culture references, and a sentai easter egg here and there. Don't waste any time just GET THIS NAO!"
76561198064824607,Recommended,251130,15980220,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,bluespy169,when you pickup this game you cant put it down
,Recommended,251130,15625397,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Formerly known as Palindromo,"Fun narrative, gorgeous art and soundtrack, deep yet simple to grasp management/tactical rpg elements. A must buy!"
,Recommended,251130,15624992,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,smartbombradio,"Update: (Robert Evans voice) ""I've sold out in Chroma Squad and it's only my third season. Mike Tyson and Gaga are completely ruining the show with their egotistical rewrites yet it's never had more fans. Money hand over fist, and Mike just injured a stunt actor. Was it worth it? You bet your sweet♥♥♥♥♥it was.""Absolutely frickin charming. Really fun gameplay/objective based combat with a clever twist. Really really enjoying this so far - anybody who grew up on 90's television will enjoy the story, and really digging the gameplay so far. And the themesong will get stuck in your head like any good bad tv show.Now I need to stop writing this so I can get back to playing, MY STUDIO MUST PRODUCE QUALITY TELEVISION!"
,Recommended,251130,15629586,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Themoo,"Chroma Squad is a tactical strategy game with some management aspect. It kinda resembles new XCOM games.Its main meat, the tactical strategy, part is quite fun with couple of interesting mechanics. Things like doing combined attacks with your team members and or making acrobatic throws. Management part offer quite different choices. Such as transforming your viewers into either fans or cash. It has satisfying amounts of options in character customization and in RPG elements. There five roles and you hire different actors with different bonuses for each role and each role has small skill tree in itself. You can equip your characters with crafted gear with random properties. Even the mecha fights which are not the major component of the game has some fun mechanics. It uses combo mechanic where successive hit increase your damage but reduce your hit chance so you have decide when to use your finishing move. Have not finished it yet but according to the achievements pages it even has multiple endings so some replayability.Story and design wise i feels like a true old Power Rangers TV show. It has a kinda cheesy humor and characters it was to be expected from it's Power Rangers source and i personally found them funny. This cheesyness also includes popular culture references and memes. A small detail i really liked was that you can customize the color and look of your characters costumes and you can see these changes effect the looks of the effects and mecha and small things like that. You can also customize your warcries like when you finish a boss or transform or summon your mecha.One last thing, if you do not like pixely art style that might be turn off for you.10/10, GOTY, would recommend etc."
,Recommended,251130,15625135,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Wolfret D. Caigan,"An excellent and amusing theme, backed by fun and interesting gameplay, chock full of references from the genre s a whole.You are a group of five actors fed up with a terrible director, shoddy story(or lack thereof), and the boring same ol same ol rehash of a Sentai series, and you all have decided to form your own studio!The game is a tactical RPG where you control your five heroes/actors through various episodes of your series, trying to earn fans by doing specific goals in each episode, earn enough money to buy and upgrade equipment, and improve your Studio to make bigger and better episodes! A wide variety of events happen, other heroes make cameo appearances, you collect materials and craft your own special equipment, including mecha suits!Combined with a very amusing story, and a very fitting soundtrack, its a fun and engaging game that I can highly recommend."
76561197999571966,Recommended,251130,15678108,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"Chroma Squad... what a unusual concept.I grew up watching oldschool japanese films (Godzilla, Ultraman, Rodan, etc), watching shows like Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, oldschool martial arts films that were dubbed by... less than stellar actors, etc.So lets just say I love the source material and whatnot.Final Fantasy Tactics style games (Tactical RPGs) are always sorta hit or miss.  Some focus too much on choice leaving you with a mountain of options and a hard time deciding what actually works for you.  Others are far too focused on the story and ignore a good tactical format for combat.Chroma Squad hits alot of good notes:-5 classes, all with tie-ins with character archtypes in shows like MMPR-""Actors"" that give different stat boosts to the class you slot them into, or to your progress as a whole, depending on choice.-Solid combat that feels good, without a mountain of stats and rules to learn-Various mini-goals for each 'mission' (part of an eppisode) that are typically not too hard to complete and net you more money to spend on upgrades-MMO style gear levels (White/Green/Blue/Purple) that help you determine which gear is better (not to mention easy to understand stats)-Alot of comedy moments before/during/and after each fight.  There are more references to pop culture, source material, and strange happenings than I can even begin to list.-Great badguys, even when they are repetative it's still funny to see the dialog that tries to explain why they are there.Now some negatives-Crafting system can turn out garbage gear.  You can break said gear down and try again, but it's a losing system.-Some of the 'mini-missions' don't work with everyones playstyle, there have been a few so far that I found irritating to try to complete.-Sometimes the 'jump' feature doesn't seem to want to fire for no reason.  This makes positioning annoying at times.-Music gets repetative, but not really a big issue, mute works wonders.I love me a good tactical game, and one filled with humor and references to some of the best (and cheesiest if I'm honest) shows/movies is awesome in my book.  Too bad there isn't multiplayer co-op or pvp, that would send this game to the realm of 'zomg best timewaster ever... for a week or three'"
,Recommended,251130,15625326,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sakata Gintoki,"As a fan of Tokusatsu I can say this game is perfect for fans of the genre, becasue of two reasons 1: There are Kamen Rider style missions and 2: you can have a beaver as your lead actor."
,Recommended,251130,16148006,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,★ JOii ★,"More or less an in depth review-Pros~This game brings you back to your childhood (or lets you experience a childhood), bringing me back to the days where I proudly watched series like Power Rangers. Not many games that want me to feel nostalgic can do it like this game, the next best thing for nostalgia would be Shovel Knight, but this takes the cake~Simple , yet extremely fun RPG mechanics. Ok lets get this down, 5 base classes, the lead, support, techie, assault, medic. Each class is equipped with each special ability of course, but then there becomes another layer, with the inclusion of different characters with each their own respective stats and weaknesses, this can dramatically effect the way you can fight a boss. An example would be, my lead, who i chose to be the Panda Guy (Forgot his name!) has reduced movement speed, because of this one of the episodes required me to kill the boss with my lead (This is also known as Director Instructions, although not required, it gives you a boost in ""audience"" which helps you use a few Studio options which will be explained later) My lead was way too far from the boss and there was no way to get to him before the boss dying from my techie's amazing counter-chance. Thus causing me to feel the want to restart the level and do it again to 100% it, and I did, I had to dramatically change the way I play by having the Lead always stay close to the boss while the others protect him. Now I would explain the skills to you, but they are fairly simple and standard RPG mechanics (Use them and then you have a cooldown, the usual)~What it wants to introduce to you though is it's ""teamwork"" mechanic. This mechanic allows you to have one of your well....heroes...can sacrifice their turn to say instead of using a skill to kill an enemy they switch to teamwork mode so that another one of your team can go to them and be launched farther than they can usually move, you could also do a teamwork attack. Which consists one or maybe even all of your team to attack a single opponent, which does become very useful against harder minions.~Music- Goddamn the music is so nostalgic, it literally brings the heart of 8-Bit RPGS and Super-Sentai series and puts them together to make just an amazing soundtrack~Story - To me, the story is the important part of a game (If it offers a story, it better be damn good *cough cough Call of Duty Ghosts cough cough*. Now at first the story may seem pointless, but after maybe the 2nd season if i recall, it gets just a huge jump in drama and everything just starts to mold into place. Each character is given their own little ""arc"" or little segment focusing on them and their personal problems, and by the end of them season you feel satisfied and you just want more. Although I won't spoil much of the story, I can tell you that the dialouge includes many pokes and jabs toward internet memes and commonly uses smiley faces (Which too me is very refreshing) Now in terms of story itself, you start off as very ticked off actors that leave the studio they are hired at and buy/create their own. As you progress you are given ""choices"" through ""fan mail"" which people send you, although it may not seem significant, these fan mail choose the path you will be taken on and how your fans will react, also be warned there is no voice acting so get ready to read.~Bosses- Each boss is super memorable and actually are pretty damn funny when intended, each skill set makes sense for each boss and are actually pretty fun to figure out how to fight against. Now after certain fights, you are allowed to what some people may call MECHA FIGHTSSSSS!.....now these are simple but are actually pretty fun and poke fun at the *ahem* Power Rangers mecha fights.~Stuio/Crafting Etc. - In the studio you can buy stuff from the shop or look and change the skill sets of your characters. Inside the shops you are given the ability to buy Armor and Weapons. Now most of these items are basic and the best usually come from crafting (DUH) but are still useful. Now crafting, simple, yet not the best or even my favorite, so ill explain my dislikes of it later. You can also go to the ""Studio"" options which allow you to spend money generated from episodes to upgrade certain attributes (Health Care gives your actors +Health and HD Cameras give you better Audience Conversion Rate). Next up is the Mecha Screen, basiclly upgrading the parts of the mecha to make it better as the story progresses. Not too overly complicated, but could be a lot better.-Cons~Crafting- Because you cant replay episodes, you better hope you get those crafting items by luck OR you can spend considerable ( A LOT ) of money from episodes you did to buy Material Packs and because of this you may be out of luck for the first few seasons or you force yourself not to buy better Armor/Weapons/Studio Upgrades.~Agency Buying- I held off talking about this because I'm more or less biased toward this, but as you progress thorugh the story you can hire agencies to promote your show, this gives you special boosts to a certain amount of episodes (1 or 3) and of course it tells you the boosts but it doesnt tell you how much fan power it costs (You earn fan power during episodes) which left me bummed out because although there were 4 boosts I liked on the agency, I could only get 1 of them for 3 episodes because I didnt know the fan power was so high. Leaving me a lot of money down the drain.~All in all this is a great game, it achieves what it wants and does even better than certain rpg's. I would give this game the Indie Game of the Year if i could9.4/10"
76561198103211549,Recommended,251130,24019963,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rouem,"Great game, with charismatic characters, nice history and MECHAS!!! /o/There is a nice combination of tactical RPG and studio administration n.n"
,Recommended,251130,18350216,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,PunisheR2404,"This game is so fun. If you are a 80's baby like me who came of age in the 90's, and were a fan of the phenomenon that was the Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers; this game is for you! It's so clever and smart. The minimalism of its aesthetic endears it rather than detract from it. The turn-based gameplay is sleek and very easy to learn. The items and various customizable features keep it fresh and exciting, and the storyling is meta cuckoo crazy goodness fans of any game should enjoy. BUY IT."
,Recommended,251130,30009894,Posted: 18 February,all,theerroe,"Chroma Squad is one of those games that I thought would be more of a cheapie hit-it and quit-it sort of game, but to my great pleasure I was very very wrong. This game evokes an old sense of nostalgia both for video games and for Power Rangers, which may seem like an odd combination, but it definitely works. I can't sing enough praises to convey how enjoyable this game is, you'll just have to buy it to find out for yourself."
76561198031397287,Recommended,251130,20229667,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,haijikai2,"This is a great game for those of you out there who have ever been fans of the Super Sentai genre.  (To get a really great background that's fascinating to watch, go see ""Linkara's History of the Power Rangers!""  Even if not a large fan it's really neat the history and stories behind these shows and their legacy.)  I had a blast with the game and enjoyed the moments of humour through-out the episodes.  That it has multi-endings makes for repeatability in the play-throughs, and I'd endorse this game for any sentai fan."
,Recommended,251130,15706893,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,nightwolfxbox,"This game is utterly fantastic. If your a fan of power rangers or other things similar to that, this game is for you. It's fan service at its finest. If your not a fan of power rangers, it's still a really solid fun game. This game was so much fun I would have payed at least double the price for it."
,Recommended,251130,21955662,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Remagamer,"Wow, what a nice game. It's got great humor, great music, and a decent (if sometimes frustrating) tactical rpg underneath. The only gripes I have are that Mecha fights are a bit overused for their simplicity, and some enemies are kinda annoying to fight, the game is excellent overall. I recommend it wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,251130,15631486,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,snipershugo,This game is great I cannot stop laughing at all the references I'm stumbling across and my cast of actors making no sense whatsoever. My robot cried in one episode. 10/10 for dem nostalgia feels
,Recommended,251130,17098440,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Defective_Monk,"I can't decide which I like more, the feel of being in my my own super sentai show or the way the game tears down the fourth wall for the enjoyment of the audience. Chroma Squad is a great blend of tactical combat and character building with skills, crafting  and base building included. I thoroughly enjoyed my play through and after finding out there are multiple paths to the ending, I might just end up making my next squad to experience the joy all over again. Chromatize!"
76561198214592032,Recommended,251130,24066548,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,phillipshead,"Hah! This game is too much fun. For anyone who enjoys turn-based strategy RPGs, with plenty of customization, cheesy chiptune music and intricacies that are easy to learn but difficult to master... Pick this up, even at full price.Here we have a game where you manage a crew of actors/actresses of your choosing, filming a television show with a brand new studio. The two big elements to this game are when you're in the studio (business management mode), and when you're recording (combat mode). Both are fleshed out quite well--when you're in the studio, you *will* spend a while making tactical decisions as to what agency to sign with, what to craft/buy and for whom, and how to gear up your mech for the upcoming fight.Combat is a whole 'nother beast. It isn't *terribly* complicated on the surface, but the addition of being able to enter a ""Teamwork"" state where you can either combo with others or, more importantly, catapult off them to gain some extra movement and set yourself up, that's where it gets interesting. It's a little reminiscent of throwing people around in Disgaea (similarly, the whole game has a Disgaea-ish feel to it). In fact, if I didn't know any better, I'd think this was a direct offshoot of the Super Sentai-esque characters from Disgaea, but that's just because this is also a tactical RPG and it's a common trope.In addition, adding a layer to combat, in each scenario you have a pair of ""Director's Instructions,"" which net you bonus points (referred to as ""audience""). These are tallied at the end to give you money and ""fans"" (which are effectively points that allow you to benefit from more of your chosen agency's bonuses).PROS:* Though it's not for everyone, and can get a little repetitive, the cheesy, chiptune, over-the-top music is great.* Also subjective, but I find the combat to be just plain fun, and hard difficulty will provide no small amount of challenge for the perfectionist. Mech combat is no exception.* Very deep game overall. Seems like something I'd give another playthrough.* It's funny and cheesy without pushing either of those too far.* Nicely animated for 2D sprites.CONS:* Some of the stats are a little unclear, and there seems to be no in-game explanation for most of them. Some of them are self-explanatory, some aren't. This might not really count as a con, but the UI could have used some cleaning up.* Can't undo accidental misclicks in combat. In fairness though, that can be chalked up to human error, it's not like it's easy to misclick.* No toggle to see the tactical grid, which has led to some poor choices in gauging how far away I've been from an opponent (another reason I wish there was an undo function).* This may just be me, but my computer stutters at least one or two times during those crucial timing-based defense moves in the mech battles. Probably just me since I run so much in my background, but the game continues and I'm left only to guess when to click. I've run much higher graphics games with zero issues like this still running everything in my background, but I will say the game is otherwise technically sound.* My last minor gripe, I wish I could fire an actor and replace them. So fair warning, you can't change your characters mid-game.Pick this one up if any of that appeals to you, it definitely put a smile on my face."
76561198295883245,Recommended,251130,22279924,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,KilroyBuckanowski,"Chroma Squad is a tactical RPG where you use power ranger esque characters to fight monsters. so right off the bat it sounds awesome right? Well it is, it's really awesome but is it perfect? No. When the game is on the ground using its awesome sentai inspired battle system it sparkles like the sea. However each stage ends with a mecha fight, that is cool in theory but in practice it becomes a nightmare. Stages in this game usually take about an hour so after an hour of immensly satisfying tactical comabt where victory is decided by skill alone you are thrust into a situation where you could randomly lose all your progress and need to entirely restart the mission. This can leave you entirely dishearted as an hour of very intense gameplay can be thrown out the window. Aside from this however, the game is outstanding. looks great, sounds great and can lead to some very satisfying gameplay. You really should play this awesome game, but be ready from some seriously salty rage quits at the meccha battles."
,Recommended,251130,21036376,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,HotCocoaBoy,"This game is way too fun. Since the first day i got it, which was yesterday i think, Ive been playing it and thinking abiut it a lot. This game has charming graphics and a nice japanese touch, but not till the point when it becomes cringy. The fighting mechanics are interesting and provide a lot of options on how you play. The story is also great with lots of humor and drama. Being able to personalize all your characters and names of the team etc. is fun and it really makes it feel like it really is your team. I havent tried the other modes beside casual yet, but the casual mode stays true to its name and if you want a real challenge you should try the other harder modes.If i would give this a number score it would be 9/10. I strongly recomend it."
,Recommended,251130,20984370,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,HeWhoMeows,"Chroma Squad is a Tactical RPG game made by Behold Studios, creators of the mobile game, Knights of Pen and Paper, an RPG that is more pressing buttons that movement. Now you'd think that this would make it hard for them, seeing as they're pretty much doing nothing the same. If you do, get out. This game is packed with humor, references, and breaking of the fourth wall. And while most people hate breaking the fourth wall, it's done in a way where if you literally are paying no attention, you will not see it. And if you're going into this game using the internet for the first time, the references to pop culture and video games will definitely fly over your head, but if you know the internet like the back of your hand, every reference will make you laugh, and there are a lot. The game play is simple, you have two actions you can do with every character every turn, and you can switch between who you're using by clicking their box, or using both of the above player's actions. Each ""class"" has their own unique set of skills, with customization diverse enough so that there is very little repetition. A lot of this game's achievements can be accomplished on the first run, but to get them all you will have to play the game at least three times. And if you get stuck, the community has already figured them out. After you beat the game, I reccomend sticking around after the credits for each run, and you will be pleased by what comes after, but stick around until you get forced out of them to get information that will complete the story more and more. Now buy the game and get to playing. #FrendshipIsForever"
76561198074601035,Recommended,251130,20939630,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Tommy Salami,"I expected a lackluster Tactics RPG with a Sentai/Power Ranger coat of paint.I was so very, very wrong. Chroma Squad is awesome.I was very surprised how much I love this game. It is great for fans of old or new series, American or Japanese shows. I can't recommend it enough. Various branching story plots, a huge amount of customization. My only real issue is that there isn't a lot of guidance available after the tutorial. Some stuff is trial and error, experimentation, etc. In a lot of ways, that is good and lengthens the life of a game. If you are struggling, though, it could make or break an episode."
76561198083986051,Recommended,251130,31766058,Posted: 15 May,all,sky',"A overall great game, that is fun to play and is just one big nestolgia bomb, for thoes who grew up watching power rangers.it has great gameplay and has a story to follow"
76561198060093749,Recommended,251130,17616578,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Matteo,"if you love fire emblem or final fantasy tactics, buy now"
,Recommended,251130,31344644,Posted: 24 April,all,tearfromthered,"Cute & Fun ""Xcom-like"" tactical RPG with combats and team managment aspect. Hilarious and retro story for a 8h + campaign mode. Not much to say against it, the easy mode will be a great way for newcomers to the genre to try this type of usualy very hardcore tacticals. Sadly the gap between a too easy easy mode and a very hard ""normal"" mode kind of frustrated me. Apart from that it's a perfect try even if you don""t really like the power rangers type of tv series. At least all the more global references to the 80's tv are there."
76561198001054601,Recommended,251130,33476404,Posted: 12 July,all,MunX,"More heart than Rudy.  Put them in, coach! They're ready to play!"
76561198012151525,Recommended,251130,33487890,Posted: 12 July,all,Aprion,"A charming, funny and entertaining game with a lot of silly humor that any sentai fan will enjoy. I for one wouldn't mind a sequel."
,Recommended,251130,19932905,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Department of Dystopian Future,"Combining pros and cons, because you should know what you like in a game and what you would rather not want to see.Go:It has 8-bit graphics.I myself have gotten quite weary over retro-pixely graphics. But I also know that graphics shouldn't be a reason to determine whether to buy/play a game at all. The worst that can happen with a good game of which you don't like the graphics is that you might think ""well, it could look better"". And as we all know, if you have to say that it's justthe worst, right?It has an 8-bit soundtack.Well, technically it's not 8-bit at all. Ultra fakebit, I'm telling you. Everyone who's ever listened to chiptune should notice immediatly. Noobs.For me it was the same as with the graphics at first - I just can't hear it anymore. And still, the soundtrack is super catchy + fits the game perfectly, although I feel like it could contain a few more tracks. Then again, the theme song is not just catchy, but also funny.Speaking of which, the game itself is pretty punny.Yes, it's definitely one of the funnier games you'll see. Not necessarily the funniest, because it's not Portal. However, although I've always been looking forward to seeing new boss monsters, because of their funny names or puns they came up with, I felt like the humor was innocuous. Of course humor doesn't always have to be ironic/sarcastic/critical - I just feel it wouldn't have hurt sometimes.Oh, hold on, there was this one situation where they were directly referring to Anita Sarkeesian's Tropes vs. Women in Videogames series, which I found absolutely hilarious, very well placed and well executed.Good job Behold Studios!Although it's not a very long game in and of itself, it felt unnecessarily prolonged after around season 3 in the game. It was basically the same thing over and over again, until the game ended. Most episodes you make go like this:Fight minions, fight minions and boss, fight mecha battle against same giant boss.That's probably the weakest part about the game and the one thing I would personally hold against it. Still, I managed to beat the game just yesterday and right now I'm actually in the mood to play it again, with different actors.The fighting system is tactical and has it's own profundity, while remaining simple. It's really a good balance.Although, of course, I personally would put the fighting system and the game itself into the more casual corner with the other more casual fighting systems and the other more casual games.tl;drWhen trying to summarize my experience, I would absolutely recommend anyone (meaning all of my friends and you) to buy this game and at least play the first two to three seasons (the game progresses in seasons) of it, to see if you'd like to continue or stop. I'd also say that it's worth it's regular price. But hey, you can always wait until it's on sale. And if it is on sale, you should definitely get it."
,Recommended,251130,25242265,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Skylifornia,"Overall good game. Not much variety gameplay-wise, but pretty nice story, dialogues and visual.I'd like to give some balance feedback to the devs/vent:I played on the hardest difficulty. Game was good until the last stage, when I went from steamrolling everything and winning every match in 4 turns or so to into getting my entire team one shot by the last boss. It's not possible to grind in the game, by the way. And if I change difficulty, I get the achievement relative to the lowest difficulty, nevermind having played the rest of the game on the hardest one. It's possibly the biggest leap in difficulty I have ever seen. Time to watch the ending on youtube, I guess."
76561197987259972,Recommended,251130,22736084,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,FriedMattato,The Power Rangers / Super Sentai game I never knew I wanted more than anything. Fun grid-based strategy game with a unqiue focus on theatrics over pure victory in a satisfying gameplay loop with a satisfying and addictive studio management element. Absolutely buy and play this. I guarantee you will not regret it.
76561198262796263,Recommended,251130,30952373,Posted: 4 April,all,Kalfrotz,"Now i wasn't a fan of strategy games and turn based but this is way differentI feel like a really have a company,References,comendy. and the fun ofImaginationDid i forgot to mention it reminds me of my past?I love Power rangers and this game brought back lots of love and memories and the cool pixel designs.Im just speechless.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,251130,15657455,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Direwood ﺧ益ﺨ,"Chroma Squad is a very interesting game and a very fun one.https://youtu.be/TvgJ7ncluwEDid you like power rangers as a kid and miss the charm of it? Do you enjoy playing turn based rpg games? Do you like pixel graphics? Do you like Micro management?This game has it all and as much as the graphics might push some people away, it should not. This game is well worth the ball of lint on the bottom of your pocket and the story and setting is enjoyable and rather true to it's origins and style.9 out of 10 would recommend.(sorry for the video quality first time streaming, settings are a bit off still.)"
,Recommended,251130,15981349,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Chip Kowalski,Think Xcom meets power rangers! you get to create your 5 squad members who were stunt actors at a previous tv show. they decide to leave the show they are on and create their own studio and their own show! highly recommended to people who grew up with power rangers and enjoy tactical RPG game play!
76561198024219878,Recommended,251130,15648602,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Commissar Kenrick Drake,"A chance to play as the Power Rangers or Sentai if you're more into that. It's a solid mix of RPG and Tactics with the mission objectives playing along fairly well with the story.Managing money as well as studio upgrades and a few choices that can affect things in later seasons is also a nice surpise but lets be honest the appeal of the game is it's cheese factor!If you ever watched Power Rangers from the early days of Mighty Morphin to whatever is on today or kept up on the Japanese side of things then this game is worth the 15 bucks, you'll look back on all the cheesy lines and silly stuff that made up a childhood or even whats entertaing today, these guys got it right and naild it solid."
,Recommended,251130,15670685,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Monger,"If this game were a woman, it would be that kind plain looking one sitting at the bar that you think ""well why not"" and then when you both get back to her place you have the most mind-blowing one-night stand of your life.  You leave the next day thinking you should ask for her number, but you don't want to ruin the mood.  For the next week you can't stop thinking about her, every waking moment at work, you're dream of that smooth sound track, or the cute way teamwork throws you over the enemy head or that classic finishing move with a twist...you realize she was the one, she was the game you could spend the rest of your life playing if they'd just put out more!  But...but, it's too late, because you didn't want to be ask...damn damn damn!  (seriously though, I'd be happy if you guys made some DLC for the game)Actual review:This game is a paragon of polished indie developing.  Gameplay is nicely balanced between managing a budding hollywood studio, planning show episodes, gearing out your team, and actual filming (combat events) of the show.  The storyline is well written and kept me wanting to find out what happened next, combat is varied with all the different things you can do (teamwork, using items/weapons, skills, morphing (""chromizing"") vs fighting as nomral people, and of course all the wonderful abilities that come up through gameplay.   Let's not forget the mini-goals you can choose to complete during each scenario and managing your fan base (answering emails...etc).I appreciate that you have a casual mode for people who want to build a studio based on purely asthetic decisions vs. the harder modes where you need to manage stats that items give production.My favorite part is when building a team I can name them anything I want (I can name the squad anything I want too) and you get to choose the people on your team INCLUDING a loveable but useless animal mascot....well he wasn't so useless once I armed him with guns!  mwhahahaha!"
,Not Recommended,251130,31292847,Posted: 22 April,all,DeadlyWarhorse,"Chroma Squad is a game that begs to be great -- begs to be loved -- but just doesn't quite get there.There is something lacking to this game in its basic combat system, and the way it feels. It's difficult to describe, whether attacks just don't feel satisfying, the skills your character possessing not being as useful as they ought to be, or maybe something else that somebody else can better elaborate. It doesn't help that it's almost impossible to pin down if the AI is just a little too good or just stupid enough to get lucky too often. Having played for almost two hours, managing budget, character equipment, studio perks, etc. seems just a little too frustrating and nervewracking.The writing goes for light-hearted and funny, but it's just not up to snuff enough to be charming and actually land. Like everything else, it gets close, but doesn't quite hit the mark. Unfortunately, fixing that doesn't really make the game enjoyable.If only the combat system was made a little more in-depth and satisfying, or if studio/equipment/money management didn't seem so futile, this game could be played and enjoyed. It doesn't even require both -- just one of the two will do the trick. But because the game is as it is, it falls flat and is almost perplexingly boring. And that is such a shame, because it looks fun from the outside -- and from the inside it really feels the game deserving of Chroma Squad's hype is buried just a couple inches away, but nobody's digging deep enough to hit it."
76561198269036272,Recommended,251130,21069086,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,AnimatedPandaJoe,Chroma squad is very fun with diffrent stratiges and upgrades that can be aquired as you play the game and the story keeps you intrested its defintly a very fun game for all you strategy geeks out there!
76561198025205880,Recommended,251130,15631892,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,LonelyCoast,"Hella fun, especially if you like Power Rangers/Super Sentai"
76561198087643219,Recommended,251130,15629335,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ryden,This is impossible... How can these people have teamwork?
,Recommended,251130,15631536,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Julian,Fantastic.
,Recommended,251130,15634641,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Sozvezdiye,10 exploding grass out/5 spandex man. Great game
,Recommended,251130,15643851,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PurpleSky,VERY NICE! GO GO CHROMA SQUAD!
,Recommended,251130,15640548,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,VapidSapien,"Have you ever wanted to be a Power Ranger?  Have you ever wanted to direct the action of the Power Rangers?  Have you ever wanted to see it all play out in old school pixelated graphics?  Have you ever wanted to manage a film studio and also have an anthropomorphic beaver on your team?  Chroma Squad might be for you then...  If you haven't wanted these things, you should still check it out.  It is a pretty fun turn based combat game with some management simulation and strategy built in.  The graphics are fun, the story is funny and witty, and the game is light and good natured.  If you are looking for more information you can check out my YouTube series on the game athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PeJP4NzAFo.Enjoy!"
76561198055169917,Recommended,251130,15642904,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,xBleedingSoulx,"This one one of the greatest games of all time, I cannot recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,251130,15626746,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Glom Gazingo,HEALdouken 10/10
,Recommended,251130,15632864,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,pottaum,"Very cool game. A great homage to sentai series.The mechanics of the game are very simple, but fun.It would be cool if the developer create more chapters and levels, with new actions and mechanics involved.Or maybe if they let released some kind of creator, so that we could create ourselves new stories/objectives/scenarios.The replayabilty isn't that great, but if the developers invest in some addiotional content, it would greatly improve!"
,Recommended,251130,15641033,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Saffron,"If you watched Power Rangers as a kid, you will LOVE this game.As a fan of Tactical RPG games and business simulation games this game is like a dream come true!Funny dialogues, full of indie love, I can't stop playing it.Do yourself a favour and buy it."
,Recommended,251130,15626928,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ameyama,Fantastic game with so much to play around with and customise. Nice pixelated feel and sweet music. Great humour too. A very happy Sentai fan.
76561198025713145,Recommended,251130,15630388,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,jengofett11,"Absolutely awesome game so far. Alot of customization. Battles are fun, crafting system is great (find crafting alot better than buying items, maybe just me though.) Alot of nostalgia for anyone who watched power rangers as a kid. Picking your crew initally has alot of potenial team combinations. For example one boosts crafting or potential audience/fans whereas another will be a better figher.  Another great thing about this game is being able to customize your crew and the colors of each ranger. Morphing is awesome. Mecha battles are pretty freaking cool. Weapon stats and Gear stats are really in-depth and alot of options. Great job on the developers.Only con so far would be graphics, and being able to level and gain experience would be nice.Also one of my rangers is a beaver, and another is a strange man wearing a panda costume. Game does not discriminate."
,Recommended,251130,15630749,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Big Buttery Potato,"So far it's super awesome. fast paced 'episodes' for if you dont have a ton of time to play, yet a large amount of content for if you want to sink time in. as of writing I beat the season 1 (5 or 6 episodes) and that took roughly 2.5 hours with time spent doing the ""studio management"" stuff. Love the mecha combat, and the customization options (visual and practical) are amazinglike spinal tap, this game requires the ratings to go to 11.11/11"
,Recommended,251130,15630825,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Wigglytuff As Nails,My team has a beaver named Aaron Paul. He's the seafoam-green ranger.
,Recommended,251130,15643460,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AnheDanic,Awesome game. I'm only on season 2. I was hoping characters could die...
76561198195681133,Recommended,251130,18440221,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,DemonhunterNight,"i been playing this game alot and it's awesome, first game play is fun and it's not too hard or too easy the looks of the game is cute to me and simple but effect. having to make and a show while saving the the world is really fun but if you see some one say  something bad about this game they don't know what's fun so give this game a try if you the money but it's 100% awesome"
,Recommended,251130,15671287,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Alpha,"A fun little take on the Power Rangers / Sentai series, simplistic and fun.GameplayTypical tactical turn based RPG, you're able to use class specific skills when 'transformed' with each season bringing new skills to choose from which you can switch between during 'filming', ranging from a passive cleave to 30% extra damage or ways to increase audience.I keep hearing about that stupid SJW pandering scene...Although I don't why you'd want to cater to such a narcissistic group of people, the scene in question is when there's an episode that needs filming that involves hostage to be saved and the group decide to talk about not falling into sexist tropes (however falling into the sentai trope is ok and all the clichés that brings).If you're worried about being preached too, don't. It's a big joke. Poe's law applies to this. Just laugh it off and sigh, letting out a breath of; ""Why...""You have more brain melting scenes like the amount of memes they added to this, so don't let this get to you.BugsI've encountered afew, achievements not unlocking, doors that freeze the game, etc, hopefully they are fixed before you read this review.Closing thoughtsIt's a funny little game despite its writing. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,251130,17636508,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,LeBrendleM,"This a really cool, funny game. It's based on Power Rangers, so it's obviously already awesome just because of that, but the gameplay is what really makes me love it so much. This is a strategy game where your characters become more powerful by either (The long way...) crafting equipment you gain from various enemies, or (The easy capitalist way) paying for equipment at a shop. This game also has a few different possible endings, so that gives it some replay value, and since this game lets you choose different characters at the beginning as well as have your own play style, you shouldn't really be bored out of your mind replaying the game like I usually am with some other games. The price isn't really too much compared to what you get out of it, because there are a lot of ways you could customize your team to work with your play style (At least 3!.... Probably more, though...). Chroma Squad really gave me a lot of nostalgia, especially since I grew up watching Power Rangers, but I think I could really recommend this game to anyone who really likes any sort of strategy game or any sort of game where you can make important choices to decide what happens. Soooo.... This is a pretty good game, and, as a plus, the soundtrack is awesome!"
76561198001855749,Recommended,251130,17539221,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,CrimsonClown86,Great story and awesome customization!!! had a blast playing and rmemebering all the Power rangers times I had as a kid!
,Recommended,251130,15679727,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ralewyn,"The first time I played this game I was hooked until my laptop's battery died.As someone who's been aching for a good game about tokusatsu for years, I can't think of a game that has ever given me so much childish glee.The combat is fun, the presentation is excellent, and the management aspect is solid. Chroma Squad feels like it went down a checklist of damn-near everything I personally could ever want in a game. Power Rangers, giant robots, tactical combat, extensive customization, crafting... Even if some of these systems aren't individually excellent in their execution, together they create something truly special."
,Recommended,251130,18345632,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Paper Boi,"8/10, slightly too many memes for my liking.Positives: Feel, gameplay and storyNegatives: a bug or two (might be fixed), slightly repetetive"
,Recommended,251130,18687535,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sicko,"This is a game with it's heart in the right place. It is clear that the devs gave a lot of effort to make what was, for them, a great game.Now, having said that, i need to be clear.If you don't care at all about ""Sentai"" shows, and you're looking for a tactical RPG/ strategy game, this is at best a 7/10. I mean, you can see that the game was made with enthusiasm, but it is definitively a love letter to sentai fans. i'm not a fan, and most jokes went right over my head, to be honest. As for the ""tactical"" aspect, it is okay, but definitively nothing great.If you really like sentai shows, Buy it now. and i mean NOW. this will probably be your GOTY.Word of advise: This thing is BUGGY AS HELL. enemies shooting from outside the screen, receiving so much damage that the HP rolls back to full, and powers with ""X turn duration"" that lasts for the entire battle are common."
76561198190524347,Recommended,251130,19541876,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ShapiroKeats,"This game is fantastic.Lots of nostalgia for anyone growing up watching power rangers. There isnt much strategy to the game but just enough to make it enjoyable though you wont be smacking your head against the wall because it is difficult. Sometimes completing all the director's instructions can be a chore but if you dont care about that and just want to 'win' than it will be a piece of cake...unless you play on the hardest difficulty, where you will need all the fans you can get to generate money and keep your studio floating.There is definitely replayability because you can get a couple of different endings but it feels like most of the choices you make are small scale, it is a pretty linear story with some variations in my opinion.Also, dont pay any attention to the gamergate types that complain about feminist tropes. There is one episode that has a guy kidnapped instead of a girl in the very beginning and it doesnt have any bearing on the rest of the plot, just the game creators making commentary on overplayed tropes.Overall I would highly recommend this game to someone who loves strategy, RPGs, power rangers, and a few corny jokes.10/10"
,Recommended,251130,16554884,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Aki,"If you loved Power Rangers, you will love this excellent game."
76561198025461861,Recommended,251130,16521444,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Axel Wildfire,"I was going to write a review for this in full but it turns out Steam has a character limit and I went a hell of a lot further than it allows.Short version: buy this game, play this game, enjoy this game; you'll get your money's worth, but not much more.Read the full review here:https://animelysis.wordpress.com/2015/06/19/taste-the-rainbow-reviewing-chroma-squad/"
,Recommended,251130,20063116,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DracoblazeX,"Great Game!I have played through this game twice and enjoyed the multiple ending of the stories. I still need to do the Night Driver run but am enjoying the game very much! Mechazord fights were fun and later on got pretty hard but enjoyed it but getting towards the end it started to get a bit boring pressing buttons. I enjoyed ""chromatizing"" into rangers and overall a great game. I also enjoyed the main menu soundtrackand think you did a great job on this game. Keep up the good Behold Studios on this game and others too! (also have played Knights of Pen and Paper on my Phone)"
,Recommended,251130,21756446,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Chuckleduster,"The story certainly feels like a sentai, and I loved every minute of it. Gameplay was both fun and interesting. The ""TEAMWORK"" command is a wonderful unique feature that makes Chroma Squad stand out amongst tactical RPGs. I feel like they spend too much time with meta dialogue, but it doesn't affect the story in any way.My biggest problem is with the difficulty settings. There's too much of a difference between Easy, Medium, and Hard, and the difficulty shifts in weird ways between episodes. Medium was surprisingly effortless at times whereas Hard felt straight-up impossible during certain episodes. There's no grinding in the game, so to do well on Hard mode you need to be making the correct decisions at your studio (the management portion of the game) at all times.All in all, it's a great short RPG that is sure to bring fire to your soul. Also you get to customize your character's names, catchphrases, and battle moves so every time my team did a finishing blow they said ""GANG UP ON THEM!"" Which was nice."
,Recommended,251130,20462700,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,P2,"My team says ""I LOVE TOTINOS PIZZA ROLLS"" when they transform. 10/10"
,Recommended,251130,20313212,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,OHNOcoyotes,Good stuff. Must buy if you like SRPGs and have a nostalgic weak spot for Power Rangers.
,Recommended,251130,16588709,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lux,I actually really enjoyed this game. Just the fact that it's an RPG with different scenarios and different endings makes it all the better. The storyline is also a great part of the game and how it progresses through your choices.
,Recommended,251130,15634089,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kobracon,"Amazing. As simple as that. If you love Power Rangers or Sentai, you OWE it to yourself to get this!"
76561198009355533,Recommended,251130,15644653,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,DraterRepus,"It was worth the buy IMO. The tactics are there if you're trying to meet each mission objective. I wish there was more customization\rpg elements as this would make the combat more diverse (Like being able to select the classes you want, different armor\gear, higher variety in skills), but it is a fun game."
,Recommended,251130,15689153,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Swad,"I don't generally write steam reviews, but I felt compelled to do on this case.I'll keep this short. First of all, if you're looking for gameplay, Chroma Squad has a semi-decent system going for it. In fact, it's quite fun. Not overtly complex, but it gets the game moving. Figths have some interesting mechanics to them, and you generally won't find yourself being bored. Gameplay wise, it's fine. A Seven out of ten, generally.The reason I'm giving this game a negative review however, are these two.First of all - and, I suppose, the less important one. The writing. It attempts to be this cheesy script played for laughs, but all it does is give you cringeworthy references that batffle you at just how badly they are handled. The kickstarter backer appearances are laughable and ham fisted. I'd actually feel embarassed for backing this and being put on it as it was.It says it's an affectionate parody/homage to Sentai, but it instead feels like it's trying too hard.Now, you might say that you don't give a crap about the writing and that's fine. It's a videogame. So what's my second complaint?How awfully BUGGY the game is, and in the worst ways imaginable. It has a tendency to constantly shut down, crash ,or simply not do anything after a certain sequence of events happened. I've gritten my teeth and bore it for most of the game, but the last straw was, infact, at the very last mission of the game, composed of two long boss fights - the last one being especially long, lasting possibly hours. The game proceeded to crash on the first one, making me lose all progress. It then crashed again at the end of the second one, meaning it put three hours of gameplay to waste, as the game did not foresee it crashing, for whatever reason. That managed to make me give up on the game and not want to finish it. The fact that the bug report icon is ALWAYS there on the top right corner should actually tell you just how unstable this game is.It's a fun game. It's an embarassing piece of writing, and an awfully coded mess that's unreliable at the worst moments.UPDATEAfter replaying the game post-patch, performance has indeed increased. I've encountered so far only minor visual bugs that did not break the game nor make it crash, so one can assume the stability of the game is indeed being improved. Previous complaints still apply, and the game still has a couple visual glitches, aswell as issues with the achievement unlock system, but right now, it's properly playable. With that done, I shift my opinion to a careful recommendation - if you're a fan of Sentai, you can probably buy it. If not, but you're really curious, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,251130,15731120,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,dyluck_silver,"Chroma Squad is a light tactical RPG featuring a customizable cast of likeable goofballs. Anybody who remembers the Power Rangers and other sentai series knows the formula.Bad Guy of the Week.Mecha Battles.Twelve gallon jugs of The Rule of Cool applied liberally.Chroma Squad is bright, cheerful and a joy to play. The music (particularly the main menu) is catchy and consistent. The graphics are detailed and well crafted. The entire game is a gleeful joyride through a land of complete Space Ham and Cheese. The story is a bit sparce and delivered in broad strokes, but even that  pays homage to the old shows.The tactical combat is simple but effective and polished. The teamwork aspect is one I would have loved to have in other games and makes for a solid engine to the entire system. Overall, the game left me with a pleasant impression and a smile on my face.It also left me wanting more.And that's a compliment rarely delivered earnestly in a crowded, overstuffed marketplace.I want more.Please, Chroma Squad. Fight on for great justice!The earth still needs you."
,Recommended,251130,16820489,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,gogeta110,"I am an incredibly lazy and therefore never write reviews even though I play so many video games. I had to take some time out today to write a review for Chroma Squad, though, because this game is pure awesome. This game is a 75 on metacritic and thats a clear under-rating.Yes, I'll acknowledge that Power Rangers/tokusatsu fanboyism is strong within my heart, but you do NOT have to love Power Rangers to love this game. If you can appreciate a creative tactical RPG with fun, geeky dialogue and story lines, you'll be happy with whatever they are charging for this nowadays. Oh, and choices matter!GameplayThe combat system is inventive and really lets the player decide how the battles will go. It's not very complicated, but its still satisfying. Think X-com. You can play with a very basic, methodical approach to the fights, or you can open up and fully utilize all the various weapons/skills in the game. Each of the characters has a particular specialty (like most RPGs) and sunergy is key. Between fights, you'll work on upgrading your characters, equipment, base; this aspect of the game isn't particularly deep, but the developer has adjusted to make it more interesting, in terms of viable options. I would say the Mecha fights are lame, however; good thing there isn't really many of them.Graphics/MusicI'm not really a fan of pixel graphics and all that, but many people seem to love the pixel art. These are easy to judge for yourself. For this type of game, the graphics aren't important to me. But to be honest, if the game wasn't so much fun, I would probably complain about the character models. I think the environments looks pretty great, though.The music is pure excellence if you are looking for a fully immersive experience. I tend to turn off music on games and listen to my own stuff, but this is one of the few games that I rolled through using the actual game music.StoryIf you are a Sentai/Power Rangers fan in search of nostalgia, you don't even need this section- it's epic.If you are not as obsessed with sentai as myself, you will still enjoy the hilarious dialogue and story overall. There are some complaints in this aspect because of the imperfect English (dudes are Brazilian), and also because some of the jokes are dated internet-meme jokes, so if that would annoy you then I suppose you'll need to skip through some dialogue? People who complain about the dialogue have maybe forgotten what the dialogue was like in the shows this is modeled after. The plot will surprise you, even if you don't care about sentai at all.TLDRSimplified X-com + Power Rangers + loads of content + multiple storylines = FREAKING AMAZINGBest $15 I have spent this year, and I'm about to buy gift copies for some friends even if they don't wana play it."
76561198158379017,Recommended,251130,18471547,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,DaygoDaygoWubWub,.One of the most coolest styled turned based Rpg game i have ever played..It reminds me so much of my childhood when i watch power rangers..10/10 amazing game with amazing style to it!
76561197971726726,Recommended,251130,18534448,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,D_REVAN,"THIS. IS. THE . BEST. GAME. EVER.......Now for real.This is one great tactical game,there are  a lot of reviews here and most of them are right,if you like tactical games give it a shot,if not... still give it a shoot.it is a great game."
,Recommended,251130,20502446,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Miepasie,"with humor, fun gameplay, management and RPG elements.you storm out of a studio with a meanie boss.and decide to make a own power ranger rip-off show,with suits and weapons made out of cardboard and ducttape.you discover that you have an actual power, the power of friendship ( no im not kidding )you fight a meanie mister gaga that is trying ot take over the planet.reccomendation: putt the characters names as your friendsit makes it WAY more fun xD"
,Recommended,251130,21632766,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Chicken Nugger,some of the most fun i had in a game in a while. I like pretty much everything they do though.
76561198059697244,Recommended,251130,21484031,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Blueman8305,"The humour they try to pull is very toung and cheek at first, but, it gets stale very fast when you realise it's just ""Oh, we dont know how to run the studio"" and ""Thats a trope Super Sentai shows love to exploit alot!"" referances.But, once thats over, whats left? An experiance that truly feels like a Super Sentai experiance! Everything is made exactly how it should to be a perfect re-enactment on how a super sentai show should behave. Plus, its very Customizable, so you can make your own Sentai team!"
76561198046150247,Recommended,251130,21376922,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Llamaking,"It's a very fun and enjoyable game and I would recommend it to anybody. However, there are a number of bugs and problems in the game that really should've been fixed after 10 months on the market. Enemies dodging or countering when something sets the probability of those happening to 0% (dazed bosses), skills not always working (e.g. Fast Reflexes), inaccurate skill descriptions (e.g. Multi-Shot working with rifles when described as only working with pistols), etc.Nevertheless, none of the bugs or issues are completely gamebreaking and its still a fun game, though I am left with doubts in regards to the developers' enthusiasm and interest in the game by letting such blatant issues remain for so long."
,Recommended,251130,21380787,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,'murica,"gud game but, shouldn't this be called power rangers the game?"
,Recommended,251130,26572137,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,leobangbang,"So in Sentai and Power Rangers, when the team gets defeated, they come back later in the episode and beat the enemy.You're not allowed to be defeated and I feel like it really takes away from what Sentai and PR is all about, standing defiant despite defeat.  Still, I get it, one of the 5 characters is a healer, and you have to use that.  It prevents me from making a fantasy, dream-team though.  Anyway, I'm a 1993-present PR and Sentai buff, and this game is the closest thing to an RPG for that genre.  I'm a bit of a fanboy though so take it as you will.As far as the gameplay, it's quite basic really, and the combat system makes you want to always use counterattack skills.  The music is really good!"
76561198062461080,Recommended,251130,33539067,Posted: 14 July,all,Vash the Stampede,A very very fun tactical RPG game that I enjoy to extreme degree. if you are a fan of the FFTactics games I feel this game is almost a must for how original and fresh it feels. the Combat in combination with studio life makes it feel very good. my only gripe with this game is the fact that when I change from fullscreen to windowed mode or change my resolution my HUD gets completely destroyed for some reason.
,Recommended,251130,33711594,Posted: 21 July,all,TiNgLe McDiCKShArTS,"EXTREMELY catchy chiptune soundtrack, hilarious and often self-aware parodical humor, lovely visuals, fire emblem-esque combat system with a few cool twists and spins, challenging fights, and multiple choices & endings for some replayability as the cherry ontop of this already satisfying treat. (A few in-between micromanagement mechanics for some added depth as well.)Yup, these ingredients are a recipe for an incredibly fun game that's deserving of it's Overwhelmingly Positive rating, and these ingredients are also what makes up Chroma Squad, the challenging and quirky Sentai parody game. Weird concept, but they executed it oh so well. It makes my personal indie GOTY list for sure!Oh, and did I mention you can almost completely customize your squad; being able to change the name of your squad, it's team members, your studio, certain abilites, and a few other plot points? Seeing how all that affects the dialogue in the story makes it feel incredibly personalized, especially if you're like me and form the Groovy Rangers, the best team of monster-fighting disco-themed-friends on Earth!Trust me, y'all got nothing to lose from buying this game. Maybe $15, but what else were you gonna buy with that? A pizza? Who needs that when you've got a full course meal of fun content for your buck?"
,Recommended,251130,15680579,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,erkki.laanemets,"I was truly positively surprised by this game. At a first glance, a turn-based tactical RPG with a silly, yet fun story. After playing several hours, the story turned out to be silly - but still fun. But the gameplay itself revealed to have more depth than I expected. Currently I'm in the beginning of Season 5 - and will definitely have to replay, for following reasons:* Marketing - a key strategic component. I thought way too little of it initially* Resource management - especially cash* A well-reasoned choice of actorsI found very little wrong in this game. Maybe the only downside is the slight lagginess of Mecha battles."
76561198064279115,Recommended,251130,32704550,Posted: 23 June,all,Regicida Panguá,"Chroma Squad is just perfect. It has a lot of customization, a lot of story, a lot of combat and skills, equips and jokes. Furthermore, the combat system is very strategic and fun. Anyone who 's into pokemon games, or even Final Fantasy, will fall in love with this, because the strategic combat is similar, very cool. You define which type of player you want, which skillset you want and then combine it with the armor analysing the available classes (leader, support, assault, etc).Also, marketing and mecha choices form a system that's funny to play, just like the studio environment. There is also a a meta-linguistic and extremely funny lore!! It's all very well done. I'm not even a super fan of sentai, but the game is really cool; The art is beautiful. You can compare with the top pixel-art that you'll realize this is top notch game! Even the soundtrack is incredible!!Chrome Squad is a smokin' hot game, buy ASAP and have fun. I have games from all kind of studios, but, impressively, this is better than all of them! Highly recommended.--O jogo é simplesmente perfeito. Tem muita customização, muito show. Não só, o sistema de combate é muito estratégico e divertido. Quem gosta de jogos tipo pokemon, ou até mesmo Final Fantasy, vai se apaixonar, porque o nível estratégico é parecido, muito bacana. Você define qual tipo de jogador e as skills combam com as armas/armaduras a se definir, assomando-se às classes disponíveis (líder, suporte, assalto e etc).Além disso, as escolhas de estúdio, marketing e do mecha formam um sistema impecável e muito♥♥♥♥♥♥de se jogar. Isso com uma história meta-linguística e extremamente divertida!! É tudo muito bem feito. Eu nem sou super fã de sentai, mas o jogo é muito maneiro; A arte então, lindíssima, pode comparar com os top pixel-art que esse dá um show! Até a música  é incrível!!Não tenha dúvida, é um Kignhts of Pen and Paper evoluido, compre e vá se divertir. Tenho vários jogos de grandes estúdios, mas, surpreendente, esse é o mais divertido de todos! Recomendadíssimo."
76561198026265372,Recommended,251130,16990935,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Diskatis Invictus,"WOW.I just finished Chroma Squad and I loved it. I am gonna explain with a couple of keywords what kind of game this is (for those who are considering to buy Chroma Squad):- Tactical RPG, the tactical form in this game is centered in how you skill your characters (more than positioning).- Mech fights, YES MECHS.- Game time, I completed the game in 20 hours.- Difficulties, there is easy, interesting and challenging. Hardest difficulty is a real ♥♥♥♥♥!- Managing, beside the tactical RPG side of the game, you need to manage your characters by crafting, teching their skills, upgrading your mech, marketing, responding to e-mail where choices matter (not heavily), upgrading your studio and buying items.- Achievements, well done compared to most indie games.- Comedy & awesomeness, this game gave me laughs and goosebumps. Comedy is based on parodies of modern memes, Power Rangers and other silly stuff. I got goosebumps in the final fight, where I just got blown away by the story and momentum of it.- Story is well done and original.TL:DRChroma squad is an original indie game which has two sides of gameplay: tactical RPG and managing your party. The story is wel done and takes around 15+ hours to complete. I had ALOT OF FUN completing this game and I am happy I bought it. You need to understand the mechanics, but the moment you do its fun as hell.P.S. Don't craft anything until the later seasons, buying items is the way to go."
76561198037896458,Recommended,251130,24416356,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,naztmann,"This game is a great little indie title. Their omage to Power Rangers clearly comes from a place of wanting to laugh with the fans, not mock source material. The turn-based battles aren't the most complex system around, but there are some choices you can make towards your actors skills that can certainly allow for differing strategies. I think the part that made it so good and easy to get into for me is how the game is paced. It's wisely broken up into seasons and episodes, which really solidifies the setting, and the episodes themselves never take a huge amount of time to complete with most coming in at 30-45 minutes. It makes it really nice and easy to play a small portion and then come back to it later. The one aspect of the game that doesn't deliver as well as the rest is the Mech vs. Big Monster battles, but they don't happen every episode.Great game with great humor and well designed gameplay, definitely great for fans of strategy RPGs and a good trek down memory lane for watchers of shows like Power Rangers."
,Recommended,251130,17578476,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Goldman,I had to get it after I watched the trailer.No regrets. It's an amazing game.
,Recommended,251130,24431809,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Synesthesia,"If you like turn-based strategy games and the concept of creating your own power rangers-esque team with custom skills, equipment, catch-phrases and giant robot, you should def play this game"
,Recommended,251130,28088625,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,??,"Run your own power rangers studio and manage things like studio budget, advertisers, fan-mail, and how to beat up a dancing bear."
,Recommended,251130,33594835,Posted: 16 July,all,Kidkamando,"As a huge fan of Power Rangers, and I mean a HUGE fan, I love this game. It has so many jokes, references, and fun packed in to this great indie title. This is not just ""inspired by Power Rangers"", it's its soul. This is no ""Power Rangers"" game. THIS IS POWER RANGERS. And for that, I am so greatful. This is one of the best games I've ever played, and one of the best written. It is a masterpiece in that respect.As it is in others. The gameplay, a short buisness management and crafting side pairs nicely with the more heavily present Mecha Fights (skill-based QTEs) and a Turn-Based Squad-Focused element, similar to XCOM, but not as complex. It is beautifully done. It is extremely well polished, and I have encountered little to no bugs on my runs through this game, and those present are fixed by hitting ESC and resuming.Aside from gameplay, this game's Soundtrack is one of the best I have ever heard. Great variations from area to area, amazing use, as well as being catchy as hell and never gets old or grinding on the ears. The pixelated art style and an 8-bit inspired composition have been done before, but not as fantastically as done here, in my opinion.Any fan of Turn-Based RPGs, any fan of Power Rangers (or the Sentai), or any fan of a good game with kind devs and great content updates (for free) buy this game. It comes very highly recommended."
76561198041305453,Recommended,251130,33464114,Posted: 11 July,all,Ezeze,"Baby's First Tactical RPG, but in the best way possible!Simple, straight-forward gameplay couples with colorful visuals and a funny, self-aware plot peppered with pop culture references to make a fun, short game with great replay value."
76561198049194179,Recommended,251130,15649312,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,glad machine,You can do a even better job than Haim Saban. 10/10 It's morphin!
,Recommended,251130,15634149,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,rexualhealing,This game is super tablet friendly. I'm playing it on my Dell Venue Pro 8 and haven't had to use the mouse once. Doesn't drain the battery super fast either. It's nice to have options outside of Shadowrun and visual novels when I just want to lay in bed and play something.
,Recommended,251130,18443287,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Dovatehpleb,I really had a lot of fun playing this game.- nice humor- really reminds me of Power Ranger- great title/ingame music- great Turn Base RPG- many good easter eggs- good plot :DGreat game for RPG/TurnBaseStrategy fans + Power Ranger fans!
76561198046225004,Recommended,251130,15658639,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CommanderJinsdale,"Woooo... Just finifhsed the game on its ""medium difficulty"" and all i can say is wow. Such a satisfying experience all around. If you really enjoy rpg strategy games such as fire emblem then this is certainly going to make you one happy camper.PROS:Very easy to get intoHilariously bad punsGame doesn't take itself too seriouslyCustomizable catch phrasesGreat upbeat musicPretty colors O>Oa LOT of humour----------------------CONS:Mech battles get repetitive after the first 4~Crafting can just sometimes seem outclassed by some of the easily aquired shop itemsHilariously terrible punsCan sometimes feel a bit aggravating if you need to get a certain directors challenge done, then the AI screws it up for youAll and all, i loved this game, but its not for everyone. So play it if you watched power ranges as a kid and always wanted to be one. ^-^"
76561198007848054,Recommended,251130,26306942,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Seyaku-Brad,"Great stuff, awesome idea. Any word on the next game? maybe a SiFi TV show??"
76561198057931070,Recommended,251130,19645797,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Jescob,Its good.
,Recommended,251130,15658943,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Vexxar Al'Hara,"Do not be fooled by the small playing time that Steam shows. When I started playing this game for the first time, I was offline, and I played for 7 hours non-stop.This game is a dream that come true!When I was a kid, on the 90's I loved to watch tokusatsus (heroes in costumes, like Power Rangers, Super Sentai, Kamen Rider, etc..) and loved to play with my cousins like we were in the show.If you're like me who always wanted to be the creator of your own tokusatsu show, here's your chance!Chroma Squad is a beautiful game of tactical RPG  (a bit similar to Final Fantasy Tactics, or Tactics Ogre) where you control your own tokusatsu squad and studio in your way to become very successful and famous.You can customize the colors, names, and choose the actors that will play them, and even what they say when they call their giant robot, or when they transform!You equip items (that even change their appearance!) buying from the store, or creating from your workshop to become stronger, and choose wich skills each one will have. Each squad member have it's own role and skills. (There's the Lead, Assault, Scout, Techie and Support.)If you watched tokusatsus you will notice many references, and the game have very funny conversations and events.Even if you're not a fan, nor didn't watched any tokusatsu, I recomend this game if you like Tactical RPGs. You will love it!Don't waste any more time, buy it and have tons of fun!Now if you excuse me, the world need my help. Random Rangers, let's Randomize!"
76561198049260692,Recommended,251130,31524171,Posted: 3 May,all,Kez,"The very meaning of a Hidden Gem!It's Power Rangers meets Final Fantasy Tactics, a fine blend of strategy, role-playing and turn-based combat."
76561198032777622,Recommended,251130,20921225,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Conquistadork,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_8TK2LmynQIt’s a tactical RPG with base-building strategy elements that follows the story of five stuntmen who leave their second banana positions to make their own martial arts TV show. Like Knights of Pen and Paper, Chroma Squad has retro-inspired graphics and music, and spends a lot of time breaking the fourth wall and poking fun at pop culture tropes.I personally felt that Knights of Pen and Paper, while it had some charm, went on for far too long without shaking anything up, ultimately weakening what might have been a charming experience by overstaying its welcome. And while Chroma Squad sometimes suffers from a similar affliction, I feel that Behold Studios learned a hell of a lot, tightening and producing an RPG that is just plain fun to play."
,Recommended,251130,24441771,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,if you have not played thisyou are doing video gamesall wrongit is a precious gem of a gameVery rarely play only becauseI dont want it to end
76561198036026050,Recommended,251130,28703095,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RichmondMooper,This game is goofy... But in a really good way.
,Recommended,251130,18443053,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mike,"Has this ever happend to you? You are just looking on steam to all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ f2p p2w games and you're bored as hell?THEN YOU NEED CHROMA SQUAD RIGHT NOW!!!This game is playable by everyone!You got your cousins staying over? Let them play Chroma Squad!Your dank meme friends are coming over? Let them play Chroma Squad!Your brother is bored as hell and needs a new girlfriend? Let him play Chroma Squad!Chroma Squad has everything you'll ever need!Great story ✓Cliché puns ✓References to your favorite weeaboo show ✓Replay value ✓Studio, actor and mecha upgrades ✓Great Japanese soundtrack ✓✓You even get FREE STEAMCARDS!This game is perfect for anybody!I play this game everyday and can recommend it to everyone!But you gotta buy now!: 9,74€ (Instead of 14,99€)~Billy Mays"
,Recommended,251130,15649264,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sgt. Grumbles,"I'm not a fan of Power Rangers or any other shows of the genre but so far I've really enjoyed Chroma Squad. The game is definetly deeper than it looks from the trailer and the references to popular culture is usually subtle and smart. Combat requires careful planning and decision making to really excel at. Price / Fun ratio is high, worth a try!"
,Recommended,251130,15646302,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,sumdumgoy,"This game is a must for anyone that was ever a fan of Power Ranger, VR Troopers, Ultraman, and/or any other show like them. But fear not if you were/are not ever a fan of any of those shows because this is also a must for anyone that loves great strategy games and/or ever dreamed of running their own tv show studio.The plot and over all dialog is not very well written but the references and over all tone of the ""humor"" keeps it from being boring.The fighting is top notch with tones of party combos.the over all management of the studio is great everything form shoping and crafting new equipment for your team to hiring advertisement agencies and upgrading your studio with beter lighting, green screens ect."
,Not Recommended,251130,28738582,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,max.katz,Somewhat boring and repetitive.  Basic gameplay for a tile-based strategy game is solid.
,Recommended,251130,18406142,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,gokuss400,"This is absolutely 100% pure gold.  As a Toku fan myself....this game speaks to me on a level that few ever have before......I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!seriously, i'd give it a 20/10"
76561198158852488,Recommended,251130,18376925,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,katiewoo,What a wonderful game :) I've only been playing it a couple of hours and I'm already in love <3 highly recommended!
,Recommended,251130,15632140,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Azunyan,"Chroma Squad is amazing. An RTS with a lot of jokes, references from famous games and a fun build your business + RPG thing.GOGO Chroma Squad!"
,Recommended,251130,24017004,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Harambe,"If you like Sci-Fi, superheroes, comics, tokusatsu, Old Fashioned TV/Cinema schlockiness, and/or fun Turn Based RPGS;Play this game.Srsly, it's freakin fun.And it's pretty well balanced too, looks great, and even has a little tinge of management style games in it."
,Recommended,251130,15635537,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Motol,"you like grid based strategy RPGs like Super Robot Wars or Fire Emblem?you like tokusatsu like super sentai/power rangers, kamen rider, metal heroes, and ultraman?pros:-unique role for each member of your team-you can pick what actor goes to what role and color of your team, as well as giving that character any name-actors range from an Asimo robot, Mike Tyson reference, Michonne from walking dead reference, a goddang beaver, and more-more content in the future coming-great crafting system-combat is easy to learn, flexible and unique to master into any play style-rewarded for being flashy and creative on execution of combat-soundtrack is pretty catchy-each of the unique team roles feels functional and useful-GIANT ROBOT-pretty quirky story-game's management equals out greatly between a balance of your income percentages, team member HP and damages, member and robot appearance, upgrades for the studio which will affect combat-enemy designs are goofy but unique, everything about the designs just stink of good old cheesy tokusatsuCons:-some battles can really get drawn out, if you've played Super Robot Wars prepare to feel some nostalgia over waves of enemy reinforcements just forcing you to stay in a drawn out level-Some levels feel too short while others feel too drawn out, there's no real balance between the two-random difficulty rises and declines, one level can be easy as pie while the next will throw a boss at you that'll cause your damage dealer to turn on you for a turn and one shot your support, then back to being pathetically easy-MEMES and uses of emoticons outright annoy me but this is just me being a nitpicker, I see enough of that crap in online games and seeing doge references and ""XD"" being used in game text just makes me roll my eyes.-Mecha fights feel too simplistic and rely on percent chances which drop your chance to hit the more you have consecutive hits to pull off a combo. Defending feels like a quick time event straight outta golf game-Sometimes the graphics seem to clash with each other, i'm not sure if the game just had one or multiple sprite artists but some objects and characters look misplaced compared to others. Along with some movement animations seeming awkward. Some maps will look really beautiful while others seem boring and bland.-The game saves between each episode/stage but if you do anything after that in the studio as far as purchases, upgrades, or crafting goes you have to manually save in a tiny as heck hidden button which brings the pause menu up on top of the hub menu. The game only auto saves once you beat a stage, forgetful upgrades beware. Or you'll have to waste a few minutes on redoing your upgrades if you forgot.All in all, it's a great game. Wonderful example of how a community driven and backed game should be executed. Others should follow this example and not rush their product but delay it to fine tune the gameplay and add in yet more content.worth every penny."
,Recommended,251130,15633397,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ShadowB,Do♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ =)
,Recommended,251130,16501800,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BuddyMcTurf,Power rangers + Fire emblem8/10
,Recommended,251130,16607739,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dear Agony,"Alright this game look so good , and the soundtrack is amazing.The script is funny and creative.The gameplay also very nice.definatly recommend the game."
76561198038726445,Recommended,251130,15625644,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dego93,Go rangers go rangers go go go
76561198088105974,Recommended,251130,16465037,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Aioria Belmont,A game made for Super Sentai/Power Rangers fan. I love the references ranging from super sentai to kamen rider.
,Recommended,251130,18983609,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Randys950,"Chroma SquadThere is alot going on with Chroma Squad but I'll keep it short...some areas of the game are very very very good...and some awful.Let's start off with the good, Chroma Squad is a hybrid between simulation and turn based strategy. It sounds complicated, but they kept those two elements at the simplist form. So,  the developers pulled it off nicely.  I played on the easiest difficulty because I am atrocious at both genres, but this title kept me interested.  There are a few branching storyline choices to choose from, so that's a plus as well.The storyline is hit or miss...so I'll try to keep the spoilers to a bare minimum. Note the word try:If you read the description, if Chroma Squad, the player runs its own Super Sentai studio/show.  The actors who decide to start their own show are all best friends who got tired of their former show's director. So the player runs the studio, and the action(Turn based strategy) is the episode being filmed.I wish it was that simple.  It begins to get confusing, because everyone begins breaking the 4th wall(from the show to their audience), sometimes the actors don't know if what's happening while on set is scripted or really happening, and then soon they begin to 'Morph'/Transform for real and fight real battles while its still being filmed.(In other words, the actors became real super heroes and saved the world). I sometimes got mixed up with what is real or what isn't real.  At one point, a developer comes on screen and tells the actors its all just a game and he made a glitch by mistake, is that the 5th wall being broken????The gameplay was fantastic, and the retro style graphics were beautiful too.  I liked the idea of naming my studio and all the catch phrases, so the only thing I didn't like was the story, I pretty much hated it.  I wish it was either one or the other, either a Super Sentai game(Where I name the characters, catchphrases, customize colors/armor), or the same studio simulation/turn based strategy where it was kept JUST A TV SHOW without a confusing storyline.6.5/10I know alot of people love the story, and that's okay.  It just wasn't for me."
,Recommended,251130,17703070,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,PurpleMentat,"Great fun for anyone who enjoys Super Sentai, tactical RPGs, and management games. Highly recommend!"
76561198160319632,Recommended,251130,18443077,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Master Moist,You can beat the crap out of  a traffic cone wizard with washed-up actors wearing cardboard boxes that wield plastic swords. This game is quite possibly the pinnacle of human invention.
,Recommended,251130,18478120,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"GR8 game, now quit with the random updates and move on plz i cannot wait 4 the next game"
,Recommended,251130,15656315,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Honey-senpai,"If you didn't like Power Rangers or any Sentai when you were younger, I pity you.What a brilliant love letter this is, the game in terms of what it wants to convey is just like Pacific Rim:""We love you, and you aren't forgotten, and you are still awesome!""In terms of gameplay, it's just like Tactics Ogre or Final Fantasy Tactics without all the pesky and hardcore min/maxing which might take many hours for some with OCD to have the best possible character.The feel of the game is brilliant too, it feels so fun to engage in the setting and everything it pokes fun at, while editting YOUR OWN SUPER HERO CALL-OUTS.I rate this a Megazord/10."
76561198082932402,Recommended,251130,15657227,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,DarkGrady,easily the best of its kind on steamalot more content then a £10 game should haveone of the few games which is actually funny
76561198069468270,Recommended,251130,15660801,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Pachimari,"If you've ever daydreamed about forming your own Power Ranger-esque super hero squad, or if you enjoy charismatic and humorous Tactical RPG's, buy this game now. I give it 9 Drill arms on my customized cardboard mech out of 10"
76561198025199923,Recommended,251130,15646103,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Wheres the Manual,"Picked it up on the novelty, ended up not being able to put it down, 14 hours or so for my first playthrough it is now one of my favorite games. Do yourself a favor this game is way underpriced for the love that went into it. Give them your money."
76561198129889587,Recommended,251130,15656223,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Joke is Over,If xcom and powerangers had a baby this would be it!You fight Boxing Carboard Box that uses boxing puns... 11/10
,Recommended,251130,15656935,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,TheNegativeElement,A-mazing! Amazing!
,Recommended,251130,15660241,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Crush Bimbidoot,11/10
76561198067719969,Recommended,251130,15659712,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,In-Dhyn,"i haven't played much, but my first impression is a very good tactical rpg ,yet the game may seem abit too pricy wellthats what steam sales are for."
,Recommended,251130,25830937,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lokaror,"A really great rpg, this game has comedy, satire and alot of mechanics that make it stand out. I Love this game and the studio that made it. I would highly reccomend to all fans of sentai, anime in general and rpg fans."
,Recommended,251130,33409142,Posted: 9 July,all,DzRocked,"Chroma Squad gives you that corny and cheesy Power Rangers experience you are (hopefully) looking for! Create your own team with your favourite coloured 'Rangers' and go make terribly written episodes in some slightly run-down warehouse to earn fans and money!Director's CutAfter the recent Directors Cut update I can say this game is acompletelyenjoyable experience now. It's previous faults are now some of it's strongest aspects.The Mecha fights used to be my least favourite aspect to doing missions as I found them to be lacking any fun mechanics and you just didn't feel like a powerful Mecha fighting a huge monster. It felt like the monsters had all the advantage over you.Thanks to the Directors Cut, the Mecha fights are one of my favourite parts. You now gain a sense of power during Mecha fights as they are mostly skill based and no longer heavily luck based.If you're looking for a well written, turn based RPG with a Power Rangers inspired theme, this game will not only scratch your itch, but greatly satisfy your gaming needs."
,Recommended,251130,32976022,Posted: 28 June,all,The Mayor,"Brillant game, just absolutly fantastic. I have been a fan of the Power Rangers franchise since I was a kid and the original show captured my enthusiasm for kung fu films, giant robots/kaiju and bad acting. I fell off as a fan after the first few seasons of the original American show but in the years since have become a huge fan of the Super Sentai as well as Kamen Rider series, having watched several of the series fully (as many as I was able to find/get into that is). So I am a little bias when it comes to that aspect of the game, but frankly, I don't think you need to be a any of the previous source material to enjoy this. If you like management games, turn based games with light RPG or silly fighting games you will have a good experience here. The game rewards just about any play style you want, with challenges galore and lots of branches of the story to explore. I've only done one playtrhough so far, but I am planning a second one soon and the devs seem like very nice people who have given their all to this labor of love."
,Recommended,251130,15660188,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,dort,"OH GOD THAT WAS AMAZING D:I just finished the game and well.. you're in for a treat!I gotta warn you though: from the moment I put my hands on this game I only stopped for sleeping and eating.If you also grew up watching Power Rangers you're gonna have a great time!There are a lot of references there, from internet memes to Anita Sarkeesian and Scott Pilgrim.I had a blast learning the mechanics and this game has a much better balance than Knights of Pen and Paper, specially at the end. If you're reading this you're probably wondering if this game is worth your money.Lemme give it to you straight: It is. Just freaking do it! :DI know some of the guys from Behold Studios personally and I know they put a lot of love in their work. This is definitely a breath of fresh air in this industry so obsessed with making money. IWell, thank you for this amazing experience!Now I need to clean my house and get back to my normal life.Next time around I'm gonna play in portuguese to see the original jokes, one of the few perks of being brazilian.Also I'm gonna make different choices in order to see all the outcomes.10/10 would do it again."
76561198062123412,Recommended,251130,33471107,Posted: 11 July,all,Chaddeus,10/10 would fight old boss again
,Recommended,251130,33494765,Posted: 12 July,all,Taijii,Amazing
,Recommended,251130,16483548,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jeem,funy music and funky dialogueit's pretty good except for when it doesn't want to be
,Not Recommended,251130,29505378,Posted: 26 January,all,Trilliant Revengeance,"I really want to like this game. I really, really do. I'm a huge fan of Tokusatu shows and I love Power Rangers and Super Sentai. I also love strategy games, business managers and RPGs. This game is based off Power Rangers, is a strategy game and has business manager elements. Sounds like a combo made in heaven, right? Well...I've tried to play through it over 3 times now and every time I just get tired of it. It's not a bad game, really, but it reeks of poor design choices.But I don't want it to seem like I hate the game, so lets talk about the positives of the game.The game looks gorgeous. Pixel art sometimes feels lazy, but this game makes it look really nice. Sprites are put together nicely and are animated well. The maps in particular look sweet, I especially love the city block with the toy store map.  The pieces of gear you can craft also look great, most end game gear even looks like cool Power Ranger suits. The animations your characters do when they fight enemies are also done really well and just feel like they really connected. The sound effects really help in making every hit feel like it landed too.The gameplay itself is also fun. It's simple, very simple, but fun. It's a basic SRPG affair. Units move across a grid map and punch enemies in the face. Some classes like the Tech Guy can hit enemies from afar and each class has their own skills to spice it up a bit. You only get 5 Rangers (missed opportunity for a dope 6th Ranger to join you), so the actual strategy element is a bit lite.Now for the bad...The story...oh dear the writing. The writing in this game can range from just plain boring to borderline offensive statements that make no sense, but I want to avoid that can of worms so let's just talk about the other way the writing just isn't very good.First of all, the actual show you produce doesn't seem to have any sense of internal continuity with itself. You don't really see this unbelievably powerful alien king plotting his plan to take over earth in the show itself. That's like, a trait in Power Rangers since MMPR. Lord Zedd, Emperor Gruumm, Master Sledge etc, even the more fantasy ones had a similar antagonist. Almost every episode feels like a basic ""Monster of the Week"" episode. You only get to see the action elements of the show too, not the character development or world building Power Rangers is known for. The show you're running is boring and none of the episodes stand out. It's ironic because the actors you play as complain about the former show being all action and no substance.Next off, the monsters you fight all seem like jokes with no substance or personality. Yes, Power Rangers had silly looking villains (Diabolico still makes me chuckle), but most of them are still meant to be taken seriously, and to an extent, are. Some monsters in Power Rangers look downrightawesome. Lord Arcanon, Lord Zedd, Loki, Badussa, Koragg, Ransik, etc all look awesome and threatening. Meanwhile in Chroma Squad we get...that ""has science gone to far"" meme from a few years ago and a stop sign wizard...it's not very riveting.Your characters have no portraits for dialogue either, nor do they change expression at all, which makes the mood hard to read. It's hard to take a serious seeming role with a half naked boxer perpetually in a ""1-2 punch"" animation cycle. Those issues I listed, plus the fact that if you get down to it, the plot boils down to a basic ""leader who got full of himself and has to get back down to earth"" scenario (Man, Power Rangers SPD had that plot resolved in like, an episode...) that just isn't fun or interesting.When the plot actually does get going...it's just a typical villain arc with no flair or personality. The main bad guy is a joke in both literal and metaphorical senses. He has no menace to him. It's just a lady gaga parody. Imagine if we got someone like Lord Zedd, Octomus The Master, Emperor Gruumm or even King Mondo or Rita Repulsa to hijack the plot? That would've been 10 times more interesting then what we got. Heck, Power Rangers even had a similar villain to Lord Gaga named Heckyl...and they made him so much more interesting by giving him more depth then ""he's feminine and girly"".Now, the bad parts of the gameplay. The bosses just feel like they're tailored made to be as counter productive to a strategy game as possible. The first major boss teleports around every turn -- which makes gaining distance to regroup feel pointless, can scatter your units -- which makes positioning feel pointless, can attack multiple times per turn -- which is just mean and can stun your units -- which just removes an aspect of strategy. Not only that, but he constantly summons ranged units, which widdle you down while he attacks your units twice a turn. What makes this even worse is that you're healer in this game is borderline worthless. 1 heal per 5 turns? Are you serious?And it doesn't get better...Season 5 is where I always just give up. It's just not fun in the slightest at that point. Stage gimmicks become bull and enemies have way to much health. The fact that you can't save in episodes -- which can take up to an hour -- is just painful. Theirs no check points, once you feel an episode, that's GG, gotta re-do it unless you want those major drawbacks. What makes this even worse are the mech fights. Oh god the mech fights. The mech fights have literally no strategy to them at all. No extra skills, no items, no techniques, just ""punch"" and ""super move"". Winning or losing is based off your luck with RNG.Character customization is also plagued with RNG. Getting crafting items is based off enemy drops or you can buy them in the store (Money is painfully scarce, mind you), so getting that piece of gear you need is up to chance. You think your characters are under equipped? Just got to live with it, I guess. You can't re-do episodes and theirs no way to grind reliably. If you're doing bad with drops, you just have to deal with it. Because of this, my squad always feels so lopsided, with my frail healer and scout getting all the good gear to cover their bad defenses, while my fighter and Red Ranger lack behind.Speaking of your squad. You can create your own Ranger squad with 5 classes. Pretty basic stuff, you got your Red Ranger, Blue Ranger, Black Ranger, Yellow Ranger and Pink Ranger, but you can customize the colors. Each has a different bonus and skill variety. My issue with this is the actual people you get for your Rangers. Most characters you pick just seem like jokes. I would've liked a variety of normal looking humans. In the words of the wise Zordon ""Alpha, Rita's escaped! Recruit a team of teenagers with attitude!"".That's probably just a nitpick on my end, but I just wish this game took something serious, you know? Everything feels like a joke. The characters are jokes, the mentor character is a joke, the plot is a joke, the monsters are jokes, the main villain is a joke. Theirs nothing to take seriously, nothing to really get into. Power Rangers had silly moments, but was meant to be taken seriously. This is just nothing but a joke. It's not a funny one either.All in all, this game isn't bad, but it lacks substance, balance, depth and just fun."
76561197999489902,Recommended,251130,33867240,Posted: 28 July,all,Galorit,"This game didn't have any right to be as good as it is- but here I am, still smiling after finishing the game. Worth it for anyone that enjoys tactics games or has fond memories or all the really bad villians that used to be on Power Rangers."
,Recommended,251130,15641508,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Vox Chaotica,"It's like Super Sentai, but with dank memes. 10/10."
,Recommended,251130,33488345,Posted: 12 July,all,Thespius,Lots of fun.
76561198112266408,Not Recommended,251130,28809976,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TLND | atrax,"PROS- Good graphic: it is a weak pros considering that's not the point of the game but i love pixel graphic (mostly personal opinion)- Good AudioCONS- Story: the plot is not really immersive, on the contrary it's pretty trivial;- Studio management: the management is pretty fake, I expected I could do more things;- RPG side: reusage of enemies with a poor reskin, absence of necessity of tactics and repetitiveness of actions brings to a really boring gameplay;- Central episodes: I felt like most of the episodes were secondary missions. Only the 1st and the last episodes seemed to really deal with the story.5/10 Because only until 3rd season was decently entertainingsorry for any grammar mistake"
76561198044724629,Not Recommended,251130,24259538,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Thenoiz64,"I really wish there was a meh button, because I do really love this game. However, I cannot currently recommend it as I have  found so many game breaking bugs. For example, In some battles it will get stuck doing nothing when the enemies are supposed to be attacking, which is VERY annnoying in the final phase of a very difficult level. Also, sometimes it will allow you to move into the spaces of other heroes or enemies, causing accidental movements when attempting to select a target to control or attack.If these bugs are fixed, I will wholeheartedly recommend this game because when working it is a funny, well put together blend of tactics on the battlefield and managment in the studio. I really wish I could say this is the perfect game, but until the bugs are worked out I cannot."
,Recommended,251130,15664831,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,"Stealth Dragon, Noroi",I can make a full black/white team. Equality ♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,251130,15665214,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Chico da Goiaba,"I only have three words for the game: simple, fun and nostalgic"
76561198160481268,Recommended,251130,33392554,Posted: 8 July,all,Darkborne,This game is fantastic... Butttttt....PLS MAKE RPG BASED OFF OF KAMEN RIDER PLS I LUV U BYE!!!
,Recommended,251130,15916820,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,tipuassim,"Pretty fun game with simplified strategy mechanics. Less punishing than xcom, which is a good feature to me. :P"
76561198140501051,Recommended,251130,16580823,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Wednesday,"Perfeito, melhor paródia de sentai que existe pra PC!"
76561198109279597,Recommended,251130,15667552,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Samurai Shampooh,"A good game, well done but unfortunately suffers from bugs.  I reccomend it when the next patch comes to download and play if youre a fan of Sentai!"
76561198022215861,Recommended,251130,15664158,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,WasteDarkCell,"This game looked fun and inviting. The price was well within my budget so I said, ""Why not?""I was immediately greeted with the title screen that let me know my money had been well spent.If you like Banner Saga or Final Fantasy Tactics Advance and all things that are sentai; this is a game you should reward yourself with.And if you don't like those things, I'll ask you a simple question, ""Why not?""Really, this game is worth all the pennies you throw at it when you click the green button.And the soundtrack is worth your time.I'll stop gushing now so I can get back to playing."
76561198101285017,Recommended,251130,16712999,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dextresslabs,"Power rangers and ACTUALLY good humor, what more could you possibly want besides everything you could possibly want"
76561198068949954,Recommended,251130,32574923,Posted: 19 June,all,Zanoth,"Haven't quite beaten it yet, but it's a pretty fun game. I saw TotalBiscuit review this and it stuck in my mind so well that I bought it much later. Not super complex, but tactical enough to make me feel like I could lose due to my mistakes. It's intentionally campy dialogue and story are nothing to praise, but not as bad as TellTale's Minecraft.Overall a fun game, worth it if it's on sale."
76561198069180243,Recommended,251130,15652609,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Arthit,!!!!!!!!  BUY IT !!!!!!!Join usWe must fight together.!!!!!!! POWERUP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  BOOM    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! VICTORY !!!!!!!
76561198119626128,Recommended,251130,15660112,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,sliPPy,My mom said i could be anything... So I became a Power Ranger!10/10 Would buy again.
,Recommended,251130,15639022,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Vinrafel,"https://youtu.be/F9iO2IYg8hMThis game is hilarious. I got a giant beaver as the leader of my squad. Named him the beaver monarch. Now the rest of the squad actually calls him that.This is a seriously fun game. The gameplay definitely fits the feel of the old Power Rangers show. The controls are simple and the animations are gorgeous (one of those examples of amazing pixel art). If you're looking for a fun and hilarious game to pick up, this is your answer."
76561198079891711,Recommended,251130,33343162,Posted: 7 July,all,Kayliana,"This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ amazing and fun, just buy it."
,Recommended,251130,33345992,Posted: 7 July,all,RoxasTheHunter,The best Power rangers game never made. If you ever wanted a power rangers game but none of them seemed to kick things into Overdrive or properly let you shift into turbo. This one will fufill your Mighy Morphin Dreams and you will truly feel stronger than before10/10- Better than Super Megaforce
76561198037584410,Recommended,251130,15627845,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mr. Chelnoque,theeey've gota power and the forcethat you've never seen befoooretheeey've gotthe ability to morphand to eveeen up the scooreNoooooone will eveeer taake them doooownThe powaaah laaaaaaiies on theirSayayayayaaaadeGo Go Power Rangers(tururudururuu)Go Go Power Rangers(tururudururuu)Go Go Power RangersMighty Morphin Power Rangersthey knowthe fate of the world islying in their handsthey knowto only use their weaponsfor defenceNoooooone will eveeer taake them doooownThe powaaah laaaaaaiies on theirSayayayayaaaadeGo Go Power Rangers(tururudururuu)Go Go Power Rangers(tururudururuu)Go Go Power Rangersyou Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
76561198073279276,Recommended,251130,34544951,Posted: 27 August,all,AceGokuu,so when is my  my sunbros kaiju series coming to australia?
,Recommended,251130,23846618,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Grant'Lowe vas Redmond,My team's Techie is an anthropomorphic beaver named Beevs.10/10
,Recommended,251130,24629647,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Coops,The Power Rangers Tactical RPG i never knew i wanted. Fantastic.
76561197971823125,Recommended,251130,30229224,Posted: 27 February,all,Blazor117,fun little rpg
76561198017382987,Recommended,251130,18400444,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Lydia XIII,"Well that was a good game, but not all that long, on casual if you don't muck up, about a dozen hours. I just finished it as I type this review, their were very few things ultimately that bugged me however, nothing really that bad that I'd give it a negative recommendation, but still it bugged me.First you don't have one of each pieces of armor and each weapons at 'Legendary' quality, you got a pistol & a sword, I guess so those can be wielded by everyone however if you got used to wield class specific weapons its a let down that you can't have a unique Legendary weapon for each classes, also while you got one armor and two helmets for your characers armor, I found it lacking that you couldn't have boots and make a full Legendary armor, which would have been nice for the finale, but from what I seen you can't sadly, it would have been really a great idea for the very last mission at least to be able to have all your team in full Legendary.Next is New Game +, I saw the narrator after the credits mention that, it would have been great to finish your game on a level than be able to New Game + to the next difficulty level. Now the game has been out for a few months and still no  sign of that sadly. If not for a New Game + one thing that would have been great would have been to be able to replay any mission after the end or after having done them, so that you could fight again any battles, sure their might not be able to alter the storyline path you took, but just replaying the missions would have been a pretty good idea, give the game a bit more longevity. Right now the game feel limited in what you can do, since ou can't continue into a New Game + with your stuff or you can't continue in that game either , when its over its over, whatever you like it or not. I did see their is a mention of some sort of 'Episode Editor' program that would allow us to create custom episodes for endless gaming, I can't wait for it to come out.Otherwise maybe the selection of potential characters is a bit limited too, I went for a all female team and I was just able to do it, you have barely enough characters of each genders to fill in a full team, without accounting I think for the backers special characters which are... peculiar... one is an weird animal thing, one is a robot, another looked like a lazy bum, and the last is some guy with a shop discount.... but it would have been nice to have a few more picks, if I want to play a new all female team I'd be forced to go with the exact same team and the only way to change things up would be to shift whom is what... so yea, a bit lacking on that part.Still when all is said and done, this game is great, it was worthwhile for me to get it and I hope it will be expanded upon, maybe get a sequel in time, since the scene at the very end imply their could be a sequel to it, I really want it to be true, hopefully one that would correct the few issues and build up to a even greater game, but that is something we'll have to wait and see about, I really wish for it to happen, if not at least another Tactical RPG of that quality would always be welcome."
76561198190367479,Recommended,251130,25575185,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,charlietown964,"Power Rangers influence.  Tactic RPG gameplay.  (Sorta) Base management.  Weird, yet charming, story.  Great music.  10 to 15 hour runtime.  Get it if you want something fun to play in between bigger games.  Was never bored.  Not very difficult until the end when the challenge ramps up pretty quick."
,Recommended,251130,28180836,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sunr' ever,PROS:- Pixel graphics- RPG-like equip- Skill tree (kind of)- Tactics style battlesCONS:- Stupid plot- Very bad and disappointing story- Not funny at all after a while- Repetitive- No originals aspects at allIt's an OK game. Buy it only on sale.
76561198008494672,Recommended,251130,16708328,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Amdcloud,BEST GAME EVAR
76561198033992934,Recommended,251130,29720128,Posted: 5 February,all,WickedRaisin,This is a fun little game.  It doesn't take much to figure it out and finish it up so I wouldn't recommend paying full price for it.  I got it on a steap sale and it was worth it.  I feel like 15 USD is steep for a game that could easily be a mobile app.
,Recommended,251130,33000868,Posted: 29 June,all,alexnelson199,This game is so fun.  You manage your own studio where you produce a TV show.  I'm addicted.
76561198049018003,Recommended,251130,19042614,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,JackAce,Awesome!
,Recommended,251130,19329583,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dad Armstrong,Here are some pros and cons for the game.PROS-Good OST-Nice visuals-Addicting combat-Difficulty select that unintentionally makes fun of how much of a baby boy you are-Cheesy Sentai story-Crafting system that (for the most part) isn't there to just be thereCONS- WAY too ♥♥♥♥ing heavy on the mecha fights-The minion enemies are pretty lame-First season can be overwhelming for beginnersBuy this game if you like Fire Emblem and/or Power Rangers :^)
,Recommended,251130,19370758,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Gladiolus Amicitia,"I grew up watching Power Rangers, From spendex costumes to giant mecha vs. giant monsters. If you love any type of Sentai show and tactical rpg's I highly recommend this game."
76561198117861731,Recommended,251130,19450271,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Reyadh.Rahaman,"I was interested by the premise of a power rangers-esque tactical RPG, but this game had everything it promised and more!The best part of this game is the fun and satisfying gameplay. The tactics you implement in fights like the team acrobatics and team attacks are true to both this genre of game and the TV shows Chroma Squad draws inspiration from. There's so many different play styles you can try thanks to the no-penalty selection of skills. By no-penalty I mean that if you want to change a character's skills alter their strengths and weaknesses you can do total 180s. The freedom to experiment with different strategies really add a lot of replay value to this game.The crafting is very thought out with different tiers organized so that there are no useless crafting items and none of them are too hard to get. The studio upgrades, mecha upgrade, shop, and agency stuff are all great inclusions that all players to go wild with improving and powering up their characters. I also love being able to make my own power rangers  including their names, colours, catch phrases, and all that other cool super hero stuff.The visuals are pixelly, but in a good way. Behold Studios did a great job using an old-school graphics style in a cinematic and modern way. Even though everything is a clearly made from little squares, there is detail involving perspective, lighting, and various other aspects that gives this 2D world a bigger feeling. This style is similar to games like Hotline Miami and Party Hard, if you need an example.The music is awesome, once again capturing the vibe of those 90's shows we all remember so fondly, but being modern and pleasing to the ear. The theme songs for specific characters are all tailored quite well to who they are paired with. The story at first made me think ""meh"", but after a couple episodes I was drawn into being a squad of stuntmen trying to make their way in the world independently of The Man. And even more drawn in when the stakes get raised and the stuntmen squad must become genuine heros.There are minor quirks here or there, but none worth mentioning since they've probably already been fixed as I'm typing this.TL;DR: if you like incrediby well made tactical RPGs and have a nostalgia scratch to itch, then you should really play this game."
76561198130239615,Recommended,251130,19275496,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Haley,Quite fun and if you enjoy power rangers or super sentai then this is the game for you
,Recommended,251130,19119877,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Tachyon,"this game is a lot of fun as a casual tactics rpg type experiencethe humor leaves a lot to be desired, with blatant meme spoutinga little bit of weird sjw pandering goes into the first season for some reasonbut besides that, this game is really funname your sentai after your group of friends and watch them grow"
,Recommended,251130,19370886,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nanorox,"Great game, fun retro feel. Slight visual glitches for some of the animations, difficulty seems easy on normal. Cool story, anyone who is a fan of Tactics game should pick this up."
,Recommended,251130,19417207,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cool Blue Link,"This game man, if you lived in the 90s and watched the power rangers on tv every sunday well... you are in for a treat. Every sunday on steam you can make... your own super hero show featuring 5 people...actually... they don't do that anymore? Well... THIS GAME IS STILL HERE THEN!So basicly it's about you running your own studio and acting out every scene which will air on tv and you get fans after each match depending on how good you did it. In the studio you can make higher materials, armour,weapon and recyle older things to get back some stuff.. but most of the time you wont get anything back at all.And later in the game... you get your own giant mecha which you can customize and make part for as well. The thing I really love about this game is the ''ACTING'' it's so soild... and when you equip gear it changes looks for both weapon and armour, Pretty cool game I'd say.Buy it, Try it uh... love it?'well... if you don't like it you can always get a refond somehow... Also dont try emailing the emails in the game... trust me on that one..."
,Recommended,251130,18934046,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Chef Goldblum,"Just beat this game last night (got the Tammy story line) and for what it was worth I thought it was a solid game. I feel as though that if you're a huge fan of Power Rangers or the Sentai genre or a big fan of RPG games, this game is for you. It has a lot of references to Sentai shows like Power Rangers and even other super hero based things like Marvel and DC to random things like Little Mermaid and Barney the dinosaur. This helps it to an extent because after a while the references were getting kind of old and repeptitive. Also on some levels the number of enemies on the field at a time is crazy and I feel as though that the game kept making more and just had a bunch in the corner standing around till more died. It was kind of annoying in that regard to especially when you would have a supposedly strong boss, only to have him being shielded by tons of minions. Still though I thought this game was fun and the sound track as well as look were kick♥♥♥♥♥and I will be playing this through again at some point, and try and get a different story line. If you're a fan of power rangers, sentai shows, or rpgs, I totally suggest this game!"
76561198091715689,Recommended,251130,19501766,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dinkasaurus (Carltonic99),I love the Whole story of this fun game.10/10
76561198067393702,Recommended,251130,18168177,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Okagami,Worth every cent
,Recommended,251130,19521334,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Slurps Mad Rips,"This is a slick homage to the Sentai series, but it's a really solid tactical RPG that can be approached from multiple levels of difficulty depending on how much you want. Well done music and SNES style art. There's a few ""sick memes"" in here but they poke fun at their existence in the game at all. This is one of those games that is just oozing with love and passion from the creators. Definitely recommend picking it up if you need a light game to get you through a holiday weekend with your family, or if you're recovering from the flu on the couch (or even if you're doing outpatient recovery from surgery, as I did)"
,Recommended,251130,18167781,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Bowser,"Chroma Squadis the new son of Behold Studios who madeKnights of Pen and Paper, a simple and fun game.With the money they got with KoPaP they actually could hire a true musician to make the soundtrack, which is a improve.Chroma Squad have a simple gameplay with maximum fun, I could just punch monsters infinitely if possible.I was never a huge fan of sentai series like Power Rangers but I wish it was Chroma Squad instead of them in my childhood. =(One of the best things in this game is that you can actually choose each character color and I made a squad with my favorite colors (Its amazing!). Purple for leader, Black for me, Orange, White and Pink =D (You can be the leader if you want to)Pros:Simple and fun gameplaySimple and fun crafting systemAmazing soundtrack (Oh god the Gaga's music...)Nice characters to choose fromInnovative narrative (manage your studio) and branching story (3 endings)There is comic dialogues everytime (like KoPaP)Beatiful 2D graphicsAwesome animationsCons:Mecha battles can get boring if you dont get the active Power partsI really recommend this game even at full price, it is one of the best games I've ever played!"
,Recommended,251130,18407300,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ogrelord Senpai,I absolutely adore this game
,Recommended,251130,18419657,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Myrddin Wyllt,The game of the century!
,Recommended,251130,18426300,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Wizkidace,"This game is awesome! I had a lot of fun playing it and Its soo full of nostalgia too!Its a very well polished game with a great art style and music. If you ever wanted to run your own powerrangers show than this is it! An actual power ranger/super sentai/kamen rider RPG that is actually good and actually real! The game is really really satisfying and I feel happy having played it! For in depth impresions of this game go watch totalbiscuit's video about this game on youtube, he does a much better job at explaining the game. :)P.S. at the very least you can make power rangers named/based on your friends and family members and make them do embarrassing cheesy antics! Worth the giggles I say!"
76561198048009546,Recommended,251130,16490305,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,YEEZY2020,"THIS GAME IS SO GOOD, BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,251130,30626679,Posted: 19 March,all,Arse Nick,"Normally i dislike pixel art games because i feel that they are lazy with the technology we have now, but this game is almost addicting. i enjoy the way the levels are played out and i enjoy the toungue in cheek villians. i also love the crafting system and the tactical feel of the game. my biggest concern however is the mecha fights. i feel that there is more that can be done here. if a sequel is made (and i hope they do!) then i think that the Mecha fights can be greatly improved. maybe the crafting system can be improved too, because i like crafting things."
76561198061027030,Recommended,251130,18389648,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Uber Thumbs,"A goofy but endearing love letter to the rediculousness and camp of the Power Rangers. 16-bit art and a fantastic chiptunes soundtrack add to the nostalgia. While a little bit simplistic, following all the director's suggestions actually does add a bit of a challenge. Plus, being able to write your own catch phrases and name your giant robot is awesome."
,Recommended,251130,20369014,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Eveny,this is a really fun cool game that can be pretty difficult at times atlest when your playing the hardest difficulty which is what i started out with lol but this is a good soild game sometimes enemy turns take a little longer then normal to go and sometimes when your partner gets knocked out they just stand there but those are the only bugs i have experinced i recommend this game it has a nice story and soild gameplay and good music
,Recommended,251130,18333555,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,VolticSurge,I named my robot Tryon 3.  That is all.
76561198079272212,Recommended,251130,23333339,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Necronomico,"havent played this game for a long time, but still it must be one of my favourite games, the gameplay is good and same goes for the story.i have always been a fan of these types of games.:  ^)"
76561198007394386,Recommended,251130,28815880,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Upgrade to Max,Best tactical RPG ever.The trailer might be a little unexiting but belive me when you get the game you will play it nonstop!#chromasquad
,Recommended,251130,28924921,Posted: 1 January,all,UnwarierSupidAss,I only did the first mission but this game is super fun and has some good jokes! A must buy for strategy gamers new and old to the genre.
76561198087227606,Recommended,251130,16292685,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ScreamsMcGee,"This game is absolutely amazing. The story is great, and the game itself is both funny and charming. The soundtrack gets stuck in your head and you can't even be mad about it cause it's so ♥♥♥♥ing good. Best game I have played in a long♥♥♥♥♥time.r8 8/8 m8, gr8."
,Recommended,251130,16280434,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Funnyboy,"its ♥♥♥♥ing good, it is just ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD! its essentially x-com and ff tactics with a cheesy sentai twist, I have played it too much after having it for not even 2 weeks. its funny and interesting while just working as a coherent experience.9/10"
76561198025304381,Recommended,251130,19626098,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,phlangeface,...
76561197995249405,Recommended,251130,15671383,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Astartes,"First of all, this game is fantastic. Easily one of indie gaming's bright spots so far in 2015, this game has a very unique premise, is solidly executed, and follows through with a great sense of humor, although it isn't very challenging.Have you ever wondered what would happen if you tried to start your own Power Rangers / Super Sentai clone in your garage (or in this case, your uncle's conveniently abandoned warehouse)? Well you no longer have to wonder. Manage your warehouse/studio by upgrading your filming equipment and studio layout. Buy your actors better costumes and props to improve their abilities, or build them some out of duct tape and card board. Then take to the stage and film your show by battling it out with monsters and minions in tactical turn-based combat.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtVI_YfLxvM&index=1&list=PLpqkCjhP2qY0iZXXf-hUIjrCpFAAFTv0J"
76561198112820423,Recommended,251130,17971673,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,reinventedsky,"In a review that requires no analysis whatsoever, all you need to really know about Chroma Squad is that it feels and plays exactly like a reverent burst of childhood nostalgia. Centered around a Power Rangers motif and tactical role playing gameplay, it's a concept that is never taken too seriously and instead commits to delivering an experience both entertaining and unabashedly ridiculous. The developers clearly used an endearing sheaf of letters to spell its love for the sentai genre and consequently you'll be hard tasked to find a game executed with more fun and heart than Chroma Squad. An essential addition for anyone who wants to embrace the pure joy of video gaming."
76561198206619307,Recommended,251130,18349788,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,RemyLebeau20,I just brought the game and it wont start wtf???? INSTALLED FULLY FYI...
,Recommended,251130,33244013,Posted: 4 July,all,teslas,"If you want a light bit of strategy that you can hop into for 30 minutes or several hours, this is the game for you. For the price, especially if it's on sale, if you think you might like it based on the marketing propaganda, you almost assuredly will.Pros:- The subject matter is fantastic.- The UI is instantly usable, in fact, the game is instantly approachable.- Seems to be a rather solid game, with no ridiculous difficulty spikes/dips or other signs of bad design.Cons:- Near the ending it got just a little repetitive for me (I still have 6-7 more missions to go before the end, in fact). If you want a deep tactical experience worth a half dozen playthroughs, this isn't that game."
76561198021545252,Recommended,251130,15735684,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,mcsproot,"Basically, a squad based tactical turn based game (not saying RPG as there is no level up system I can see) with a light business management sim thrown in for good measure.If you are a fan of Super Sentai or Power Rangers style shows, you should check this one out. It has quite a few clever references to both series scattered about.If you aren't a fan of these kinds of shows, I do think you can still enjoy this game if you enjoy tactical squad turn based combat."
,Recommended,251130,34765954,Posted: 5 September,all,Chamomile,humorous writing and fun gameplay. also a lot of team customization. i thought it was a blast.
,Recommended,251130,32075152,Posted: 30 May,all,Evolten,it's okay
,Recommended,251130,16007964,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Thomas Clancy,Fought Barney 10/10
,Recommended,251130,34804929,Posted: 7 September,all,BishopManny,"I grew up watching Power Rangers, so this review is biased in favour of the game. While playing Chroma Squad I cried tears of joy when my team transformed for real and summoned their mecha for real. The story is mainly 4th-wall-breaking silliness but there is real emotion at times. This game was a nostalgia trip."
,Recommended,251130,33396500,Posted: 9 July,all,THE CAKE IS A SPY,"If i had to compare this game to somthing , it would actually be a mix of the gameplay and story of transistor with simple choices regarding loadouts yet meaningful strategy and a difficulty that gives room to play out the game's narrative. Additionally, i would include a bit of micromanaging outside of combat for obtaining things other than money.While it may look simple, it is a really fun game including obligatory references and jabs at its obvious inspiration (such as a random ranger cameo from a season ago)Even though my knowledge on Power rangers is limited, i know that this game is a good tribute to it for at least its offkilter story and good gameplay"
76561198219815168,Recommended,251130,20620376,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ssaul4,Like tactical games? How about RPGs? Ever wanted to be a Power Ranger as a kid? Have 15 bucks? If the answer is yes to any of the previous questions go ahead and do yourself a favor: get this game.
,Recommended,251130,33773014,Posted: 24 July,all,ZerefZepher,Fire Emblem x Power RangersSadly this works really well.
76561198307075163,Recommended,251130,33965626,Posted: 2 August,all,Cyber Ps,Great RPG Game <3
,Recommended,251130,15636515,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,"This is an unfunny game. This is an unfunny, SJW Doormatt, Meme spamming, Pandering, Pretentious, Stupid game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot.But it's so much fun to actually play. Combat, Upgrades, and all. Buy it anyway but don't take♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from Chroma Squad's zeitgeist. It's my Power Rangers, they can be whomever I want.List of grievances:-Harshly pro indie to the point of annoyance-coorporations/lawyers/etc are all literally demons. But we don't even do anything creative even with that viewpoint. Just standard stuff,-detracts from the story In a first season epsiode just to bash ""gender roles"", instead of just have the episode with no real changes even suggested.-constantly ♥♥♥♥ing panders to it's Kickstarter crowd, not even in a subtle manner. Honestly gets annoying.-There are doge and internetspeak jokes in every episode.-References out the♥♥♥♥♥♥that aren't even creative-lol so randumb additude"
76561198101182135,Not Recommended,251130,19875010,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,12shadow12,GAME IS BROKEN ON MACcannot use the keyboard if you have a mac do not buy
,Not Recommended,251130,19554170,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Artoozy,Keyboard not working under Mac OS
,Not Recommended,251130,20780250,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Nick Dipples,"Just spent two hours on the season six, ridiculous three-parter, only to get to the very last part, fighting the VERY last boss.........only to have the game crash on me. And this ain't the first time! After a while, this♥♥♥♥♥♥gets tedious, anyway. You can't buy any more upgrades, any more items, crafting items are useless, since they're usually worse than the shop items anyway. I don't know. No longevity, tied with game-breaking bugs? Glad I bought this on sale."
,Not Recommended,251130,19460421,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Retro-Pixel-Lizard,"The gameplay is standard for a tactical isometric RPG but the difficulty is lacking if you can micromanage efficiently (Not exactly rocket science), not recommended for those looking for a challenging tactical RPG."
,Not Recommended,251130,19498074,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Gangster Baba,"I don't recommand this game at the moment, it is way too buggy and bugs are game-breaking.For example I lost a lot of money because of a glitch, sometimes fonts disappear and I can't browse the menus so it's definitely not worth it right now..."
,Not Recommended,251130,24453154,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,GooBack,"The game started off great, then it dropped like a rock. Chroma Squad's novelty wears off really fast. Mecha Battles have little to no strategy, the terrain is all the same flat surface, writing is garbage.I did eventually beat it, but will never go back."
,Not Recommended,251130,24378778,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dogbeans,"Had a lot of fun with this game (17 hours of playtime at this point), but I ultimately have to give it a negative review because of the fact that it doesn't seem to have been tested at all.  Lots of bugs, most of which I could see past. I ran into a boss that is literally unbeatable in the game's final act, despite the fact that I breezed through almost everything else. The gameplay is mostly solid and lots of fun, but I just can't recommend a game that's got a brick wall right at the end like that."
,Recommended,251130,24530570,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"I thought it was fun, until i didnt."
,Recommended,251130,15677607,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ahoge Housewife,"I don't like writing or reading reviews, but I'm totally obligated to say that this is hands down the best game of 2015. HANDS-DOWN"
76561198068712805,Recommended,251130,29238548,Posted: 13 January,all,blackkjakk,Super fun strategy game!
76561198119478250,Recommended,251130,19098909,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Lieutenant Columbo,"this game is amazing and no i am not one of those guys who are all like buy just buy it ok. i will say its not too stragic and for you rpg players out their you may not enjoy it. how ever this game is amzing with asome music and makes me feel as thow i am in the action. i will say its short however you can keep replaying it and wreck everyone or you can..... uhhh what did i just say. the game can be challiging and i can say i restarted once becuse i was being a derp. and POWER RANGER!!! those who like games and are rpg fans may not like it how ever its a fun game to go off of as a fisrts rpg game or something.  8/10 for me. 7 or 6 / ten for me raging on a stupid unfair boss, or some regular rpg guys ( i suck at rpgs sometimes) i hope this helped you decide to buy or not buy this game."
76561198029751280,Recommended,251130,34008062,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
,Recommended,251130,15803502,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SlaveBoy,you were expecting a review but it was me DIO
,Not Recommended,251130,18376341,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"As other reviews have pointed out, I think you really have to like the very specific references and story content to fall in love with this.It caters to a very specific market, that unfortunately, is just not my cup of tea.All I can really comment on is the actual game. For some reason, the complexity and depth reminded me ofAdvanced Warsin the sense that it is fairly shallow and lite compared to other much deeper turn-based fighting games. Its not bad - it is just a certain kind of thing. I like the base management, but others have said that choices don't matter all that much. I did like the art style, but it wasn't enough to carry me further.If you watch the trailer and it screams 'play me!', then this is *probably* for you. I bought it based off of the 'overwhelmingly positive' review status. Bad idea - I actually got a refund since it was fifteen bucks. Obviously there is a fan base, but I am not a part of it."
76561198184831453,Not Recommended,251130,19380230,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Paramortal,"Highly unreccomended. Flat and boring, severe lack of depth. Unless you're a hardcore Sentai (Power Rangers esq. If I had to explain that, you're not.) fan, this game isn't worth the money. AT ALL"
76561198045549215,Not Recommended,251130,18317703,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Diacron,"40 minutes was all it took of the meta references, poorly written quasi-comedic script, and repetitive uninteresting, barely strategic gameplay. I get that it is a highly customizable experience, but its the same experience over and over. Is everyone who is giving this a good rating that desperate for different experience even if it only lasts 15 minutes and repeats itself? If so this might be the game for you."
,Not Recommended,251130,20533558,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Yoink,4/10 just play final fantasy tactics series
76561198061563066,Not Recommended,251130,28664291,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Awakening,"I am sure that a lot of people will enjoy the game. To me the game just felt too clunky, both during the base sceens and the battles. There's a lot of little things that annoys me but not enough to engage or interest me.After playing for 90+ minutes I decided to get a refund because I wasn't having fun. Maybe I would have liked it more after giving it some more time, but then I would be above the refund time limit.Also the controller support is really bad since you just move the cursor around and it's really hard to select things. There are also no instructions for what buttons do what. So it's best to play with a mouse."
76561197999125315,Recommended,251130,26120770,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Bors de Ganis,"Chroma Squad is easily summed up with: ""If power rangers and Xcom had a baby, this is that game."" If that sounds like fun to you then you don't need to read the rest of this. Pick it up and have some fun.For those who are interested in getting a little more indepth, I'll provide what I can by way of a review (but I don't have a huge amount of time devoted to the game so take what I say with a grain of salt).Pros:Aesthetically really nice. Meaning the visuals and music are basically perfect for the game.Fun and funny storyline (from what I've experienced so far)Gameplay is like a simplified Xcom. Mechanically I'd be ok with letting my 8+ year old nieces and nephews to play. They'd figure it out after some trial and error.Family friendly (so far)Cons:For some people they might not like the pixelated aesthetic. I can undersand that point of view, even if I don't agree with it.For a slightly longer review. I had fun playing this game. When I saw it first appear on steam I was intrigued enough to pick it up when it went on sale. Even though I don't have a lot of playtime, I will say that it was worth the sale price for sure and would be worth full price too. There are hours of entertainment that can be pulled from this game. It's light enough on the processor that it makes it perfect for gaming on the go if you don't have a great laptop and/or just want to ""film a quick episode"" (mission) when you are waiting for class to start or stuck in the airport. If all this sounds good to you, consider giving it a chance."
76561198148584080,Recommended,251130,26026218,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,demoncreeper2,"Great fun game that allows you to burn through a few hours at time in what feels like a rapid pace. Neat story style and allows you make one of your dreams come true, to make your own ""Power Rangers"" team :)"
,Not Recommended,251130,29424835,Posted: 22 January,all,killkenny,"it starts good, but both the story and gameplay becomes repetitive and loses its color as it nears the end.very unique setting with its own sense of humor, but it loses the grip once protagonists fall into pseudo-reality situation.If the developer wanted the transition in the story from indie actors ended up actually saving the world scenario,they should have been more careful in the method of unfolding.I personally think they should have sticked with being indie actors / producers and may be having them struggle withcompetition with some big company or copycat program.Though, it took a path of woops we are actually dealing with real evil! gotta save the world!Reminds me of the movie Galaxy Quest back in 1999. The setting felt like another cliché."
,Recommended,251130,18364816,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ಠ_ಠ ¤TwisteD LogiC¤ ಥ_ಥ,"Power rangers themed turn based strategy game. Not a particularly deep upgrade system, but overall a very enjoyable experience. Heartily recommended"
76561198029904609,Not Recommended,251130,29857829,Posted: 11 February,all,bear_storm,"I don't think I've ever said this about a game before, but the writing makes me want to punch myself in the face. It's not bad English, it's just supernaturally bland. Banal is not a word I've ever had cause to use before, and I'm using it now.It's like...You know how five year olds write? Maybe all the words are in the right places because the teacher helped them out a bit, and maybe their spelling's all been fixed with red pen, but the story still reads like a grocery list?That's Chroma Squad. That's Chroma Squad in its excruciating, every-mission-is-a-plot-mission tedium.This would be tolerable, I guess, but the gameplay is boring too. Even on the hardest difficulty, missions just take longer to clear, and most of that time is hammering away at putties waiting for something to actually threaten you.There's a whole resource management/business sim back end to the game and that, at least, isn't boring, but it's grindy and obnoxious instead. You try to farm enough resources to craft new gear while deploying advertising bonuses to get new fans and increase revenue from viewership, while pumping your stats with a few small global bonuses, so that you can quickly and efficiently win the next mission with lots of style and max out your money gain.That's not awful, but it ends with you playing the mission, which is.If you liked Knights of Pen and Paper, you'll like this. It's a time-waster with bright colors and a surprisingly pleasant soundtrack. It has good design ideas but they're somehow lost in the implementation - like a cannoli and kidney milkshake.I tried hard to enjoy Chroma Squad, and I recognize that other people may have quite different experiences with the game, but at the end of the day, it's still just...""Once upon a time there was Teddy. He went to the store. Then he went to the beach. It rained there. The end.""0/10, Teddy. Wait a few years and try again."
,Not Recommended,251130,18551628,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ThunderMcBuffHuge,"""Episode 2"" is a preachy SJW mess that goes on just long enough to make this game unplayable."
76561198067219045,Recommended,251130,25188543,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HalfPint,You ♥♥♥♥in had a gamergate in it
76561198107662042,Not Recommended,251130,27209612,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cloning_souls,"i feel like Behold Studios just tried to mug me over the internetmy eyes are watering thinking about the people that paid full priceits almost its own sub genre of ""almost a game""its so lacking in content that messing around with the calculator app on my phone is more interestingplays like a mobile ""almost a game"" that was made by just one person so they could pass a gaming coursethe ingame items are basic pixal art so its not like adding more content would have been hardon the plus side,..it does have a unique concept,..good music,.charming graphicsand a battle system that young children might enjoybut nowhere near enough content,.. which is a real shamea great concept not fully realized"
,Not Recommended,251130,26095681,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Tuco,"The game is amazing but due to multiple game breaking bugs; I cannot reccomend it.The major bugs are all lumped into the final episode - where you can soft-lock your game or just outright crash. This has apperently been fixed; while it still clearly persists.Also, the hub system could use a massive rework. Because of the clunky design you end up having to click 10 times to get what you want accomplished.Example 1: Rather that put the crafting system alongside where you need crafting - you have to leave what you're doing and go craft that thing (which unnecesarily takes time to complete; even if you have all the materials.)Example 2: You cannot compare stats with what you have equipped unless you are buying it from the store. If you're crafting something; prepare to go back and forth several times with lots of clicking involved to manuever between the two screens.Overall: It's great but... The last bit of the game is a buggy mess and the menu design on the hubworld is terribly clunky. Avoid it until a much-needed overhaul is made."
76561198166509495,Not Recommended,251130,18451805,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,AtomicChronic,screen res selection doesnt revert even when un and reinstalled so game can become stuck off screen and becomes unplayable.
76561198043624834,Not Recommended,251130,18126782,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dr_Tengu,"Do you like dying because your attacks missed and there was nothing you could do about it? Do you like chasing gun-wielding birds across half the map?A few quirks kept me from enjoying this game as much as I wanted to. I will never understand what goes through a designer's head that says ""You know what might be fun? Setting up 3/5s of your team for a combined attack that will miss"". Or just accuracy in general. It's not fun, it detracts from strategy, and it's incredibly frustrating. Similarly, gunmen in the game can and will kite you endlessly to the very edges of the map. It's not fun, it's not interesting, and it just makes you want to chuck something through a window. They will do this on every single turn, and if your teament that can catch them isn't at hand you're SOL.The art is amazing, the themes and writing are really cool and well used, and you can tell the creators are huge fans of the Sentai series. Its just that the game is an exercise in incredible frustration.If you can stomach these awful design choises, the game is fantastic. But for me few things♥♥♥♥♥♥me off more than accurasy where it absolutely is not required."
76561198030082595,Not Recommended,251130,15706850,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BoTreats,"Boring combat, almost non-existent gameplay in the management component, drawn out story, heavy handed messages. Was excited after reading about this title on RockPaperShotgun. Regretting spending the money after putting in a few hours."
,Not Recommended,251130,33917461,Posted: 30 July,all,stigmabuster22,"I know I've only played 43 minutes, but that's about all of this game I can take. There's just not a lot to be liked here, and quite frankly I don't know why it has so many positive reviews. The game can't decide if it wants to take itself seriously or not, constantly switching between in show dialog. (character to character) and studio dialog (actor to actor out of character) This makes the game feel really jerky, and the transitions don't make any sense. The game play is repetitive and confusing. The way you move to determine your attack range isn't intuitive, and doesn't really make a whole lot of sense. One character might be able to make a hit from a specific distance, but another character (even with the same general stats) can't make the same hit.As stated above, the game can't decide if it's going to be serious or not. The game can't decide if it's going to be an action oriented, turn based RPG, or just a humorous game with RPG elements thrown it. When it tries to be serious it never succeeds, and when it tries to be funny the humor just falls flat. It's full of all the kitschy cliches you could ask for, and not even the endearing kind.  The game also has a real “what the hell are we doing?” kind of vibe. No single idea in the game seems to be fleshed out enough. It's very jerky, and can't really stick to one plot line long enough.I can't really recommend this one, and will be asking for a refund. It's even more of a disappointment because I had heard such good things about this game, and had such high hopes for it.It fails,both as an RPG and a tribute to all things Power Rangers and Super Sentai1/5 Highly disappointing."
,Not Recommended,251130,17319999,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RADICAL PEEM,the preachy♥♥♥♥♥♥for episode 2 was a little much dog
,Not Recommended,251130,16473182,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Athalka,"A fun game at the beginning, but gets repetitive after some time."
,Not Recommended,251130,15822391,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Minibot,"I'm a big fan of Tactical RPGs and I'm a big fan of SNES-era graphics, so this is why I bought this game.While downloading I was reading up on the company and was happily surprised to see that they also made Table-Top RPG (or something like that) which I also enjoyed a lot.To sum it up, the game is fun and challenging but gets repetitive quickly. I tried it on hard from the start and after 1 hour restarted on Medium to get the hang of the game more (it WAS hard, my heroes kept dying and I couldn't finish any extra goals).The combat is fun and you get new skills often enough that you don't get bored.However, I think I am at about 60% of the game so far and it has started to become quite repetitive for me. There are very few different enemy units, the story is not that interesting, and the Giant Robot Battles lose their charm after the 2nd one - it's always exactly the same.I haven't had any real trouble with the fights for a little while now, but the extra 2 goals they give you during missions are not always easy to complete, so it gives a nice twist.I'm now slowly playing it when I have free time (I'm also a CIV V addict) just to say I finished it, but after 8 hours, I was bored.Wait for a discount.On another note, I'm now watching Sentai again."
76561198106680854,Not Recommended,251130,23911824,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lord_Tachanka,"It is a very fun game but once you beat it, it's not worth ever playing again."
76561198047346994,Not Recommended,251130,15819571,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Eightbabies,"This game could have been good in a lot of respects. The idea was novel, but after that was over the game you were left with was poor in many respects. You can not skip cutscene and the characters, abilities, and roles are all very static with little to no customization possible. The only choices you can make have clear right and wrong options with very little balance. This is all on top of cringe worthy dialog that drags on, including preachy speeches about sexism. And you have to sit through all of it because lets not forget, you can't skip cutscenes. Despite how little it appears that I've played this game I have actually logged many hours on another account encompassing mech fights, crafting, and character choices (when available)."
,Not Recommended,251130,25974443,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Doc Mahak,"So I bought this game, and within a week, it no longer works due to a game breaking glitch I didin't cause. I contacted the developers, and got no response. I'm telling you not to buy this game so you don't get scammed by a broken game like me."
,Not Recommended,251130,16022770,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MooMoro,"General Review:The game is cool, but has too much dialog. The storyline is so gigantic they even added a fast forward feature that came in handy when the game crashed and I had to restart a level. Is not that the game isn't fun, it is, but it is one of those games that will annoy the sh*t out of you at some point.Pros:-Based on Sentai shows-Studio options are very diverse-Turn based combat system-Nice 8bit feeling-The game is full of intelligent humor-Game has a lot of referencesCons:-TOO MANY bugs and unexpected crashes-Crafting things is a messy task because some items have random status-The recycling feature is useless cause drop rates are fu*ked up (for real)-The giant robot fights are too flat, I dare to say boring"
,Not Recommended,251130,15890765,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Boojl,The charm wears off fast.  Manages to be preachy in what little dialogue it has.  You'd like this game if you enjoy failing objectives because of randomly rolled dodges.
76561198161348343,Not Recommended,251130,23129026,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Omnii is Woke,"From what I saw of the game's trailers on steam this game seemed very interesting and fun to play, I loved Power Rangers as a kid. It took very little time to download and when I finally started up the game the game developer logo popped up, then I was greeted with a pink screen...only a pink screen. Aparently the menu has graphics that don't even work if you don't have the right graphics card to run it. If you know some people can't run it then why put it in the game in the first place? Lazy on the developers part."
76561197962908512,Not Recommended,251130,31739295,Posted: 13 May,all,Ratelier à Flingue,"If you like stupid NRG games, i guess that your kind of game."
76561198049737836,Not Recommended,251130,34045039,Posted: 5 August,all,Ginjii Raishin,"I didn't enjoy much of the 3 hours I played. Sad, I thought I'd have more fun but just could not get into this."
,Not Recommended,251130,16235137,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,federated state of trollnesia,Stylish but... it doesn't seem like there's much substance.
76561198043771105,Not Recommended,251130,15902541,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Tennisdude,"Game's kinda fun, but the devs removed content in patch notes, and gave really vague and odd answers on why.  Seemed shady to me.  Avoid."
,Not Recommended,251130,15649378,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Most Powerful Frog,"TL;DR 2: The -- just gonna go out on a limb and realize I've been a lil harsh.Its colourful, if you're super bored and its 4 am then who's to realize you're a dank memer and you just love shity ♥♥♥♥ing memes that would make Pepe proud (only god and your mother who will both send you to hell damn you.). Its one of those things where you're very easily amused by grinds and futile mechanics things will work for you, or if you thrive in the badness of things. Like naming your squad the Peepee patroller and naming your mech the WOBBLY SAUSAGE, caps mandatory. Its stupid, really stupid, not really lucid gameplay sort of fun, play it if you're tired, bored, and its priced at the fiveish dollars its worth. Man, it's 4 am RIGHT NOW AS I'M TYPING IT, I'm exhausted and my friends are asleep  after a night of enjoyment, I'm actually having fun while gorging myself on brownie bars. Still not reccomended, but, eh, if you're a sad little man and you know it, buy Chroma rangers, cue jingle I'm outies.TL;DR: Power Rangers (but not really, its more a side detail to people cracking dank memes), dull mecha maymays, some people are mad about Social Justice, but the game itself just isn't as thrilling as it promises to be. RIP in Pepperoni.Not really as great as its touted to be. It seems for half a second it would be tactically challenging but then you realize everything you fight is just an issue of placement, which at times could be avoided if you were allowed to pick your path rather than autorouting. The item system relies a little too much on you getting lucky, and only really serves to make you irritated wih things. Squad customizations are funny for a while but you really get tired of what you see soon, and its a bit annoying when you realize into the game you put the wrong person into the wrong role. Humour is forced. Good lord is it forced, not even mentioning the heavy handed shoehorned stupid SJW messages (which really don't make sense by the way), which, really, I understand given the market of tumblr being so easy to reel into guaranteed sales, but... the humour itself gets really worn out really fast. Audience system is mostly pointless since just running a lot and using the positioning system will top you out easy enough and it just serves to drag fights on if you're going for all of the pointless little guys. Not to mention, a lot of the skills look cool! Then don't really do anything compared to the normal punching action, combined with a lack of many real skills, its best to just stick to passives save for the one starter heal move and punch things to hell. Mecha battles are excruiatingly bland and don't really carry the oomph you're hoping for, its more of a rock paper scissors game but without any chance of losing unless you somehow hit ALT+F4."
,Not Recommended,251130,25373408,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mammon's Ultramontane,"Kurt Vonnegut said that anyone who has attacked a piece of written work with genuine loathing is being ridiculous, that they are behaving as someone who has ""put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae"".What I'm about to do is kind of like that, but imagine me duct taping pink polyester all over my body and wandering into a public park to hunt down an anthropomorphic version of a video game called Chroma Squad, a tiny freckly kid with jubilantly blue eyes, offering me an ice cream cone, his diminutive hands aquiver with timid goodwill. I will proceed to karate kick that child in the face, and as he reaches for the ice cream again (mint chocolate drizzled with galaxies of cake sprinkles), I will remove my plastic helmet to let him gaze on my dreadfully expressionless face as I level a long gentle stare into his brilliant, innocent eyes, grinding his delicious confection into the pea gravel with the heel of a nylon boot.I came to Chroma Squad for obvious reasons. Chroma Squad begins with what we are to take as the stunt actors from the actual Power Rangers set staging a revolt and opening their own studio to shoot their own martial arts children's show, or in other words, to do everything exactly as before but with a rigorous simulation of creative control. The thing that really drew me to it, though, was the rumor that it was a Final Fantasy Tactics-esque Tactical RPG with a splash of XCOM flavor, full of cheek and wit and heart-warming hilarity to bring home to the whole family.I'm going to have a total XCOM-snob conniption right now, so be sure to click the 'not helpful' button if those words don't mean anything to you at all. This game's combat is wearing tactical RPG clothes for what appears to be no reason apart from the fun of having made a game that aesthetically resembles a turn-based tactical RPG ala Disgaea or FF Tactics. Battles are much more comparable, however, to those of Diablo or Torchlight, in which you click somewhere on the screen, your little fellows amble (or here, cartwheel and cheer-lift one another) in a direction, swing their fists around, and that's it. This, of course, places Chroma Squad on the tactical combat spectrum nearest to ""something you idly click through.""It's all about positioning your team just right so they can perform the same finishing move again. And again. And again. All for the entertainment of the type of children Chroma Squad must think we all were at a certain age: the kid who got up early every Saturday morning to sit at the TV with eyes pressed directly to the glass. Combat is shockingly boring, special abilities don't really synchronize, and there's basically no reason to attempt to play ""tactically,"" because the experience is much closer to being babysat by a kind teenager who thinks she's way cooler than she is. You are given a laundry list each mission of little hoops to jump through, such as ""defeat 3 enemies in the same turn,"" ""keep all your heroes alive,"" or ""attempt to figure out how to do that same team attack again,"" but all of these come off as suggestions on the level with ""wouldn't it be really cool if you brushed your teeth and went to bed at exactly 8 PM per your parents' instructions? We're really on the same side here.""I found myself cranking the difficulty down from its highest setting midway through, not because I felt particularly challenged, but because I just couldn't bear the thought of spending more time seeing this thing through than I had to. Yes, sometimes you'll get so bored watching each reskinned enemy type spawn in one-at-a-time and run into positions that will have no effect on how you'll fight that you phase back into paying attention to learn that your healer is dead, and things get a little bit tricky. Then you can halfheartedly attempt to survive the mission or suffer some consequences featuring a number that represents your supposed fans, who have opted, instead of watching your onscreen incompetence, to get stoned and watch Godzilla vs Megalon again, which is about 1/4 as stoned as I'd need to be to enjoy this game or find it compellingly difficult, a state of I mind imagine as a hypothetical level of brain-myopia in which I lose the ability to read or control my bowels.What you'll never see in Chroma Squad, at any rate, is any indication that the AI knows that it's supposed to try to win. Chroma Squad is every bit the tactical RPG that Battletoads & Double Dragon was way back when.The game's interface is by far the worst enemy--not much is communicated clearly, and features stand a very real chance of remaining hidden in plain sight well into late game. The explanations of some abilities don't make sense--one has you dealing damage to enemies along your traveled path, but the ability doesn't path through enemies, so I never figured out what the hell that ability is supposed to be doing.One could argue the game is challenging given that you'll feel underpowered most of the time. But I'll counter that by saying that making a sloppy, unresponsive mess of a studio management screen does not tactical gameplay make. Your resource management screen seems wilfully designed to confuse you--you'll spend money in an attempt to get at least one aspect of your television enterprise functioning competently, but little seems to help. You cannot sell equipment and are instead forced to reduce items to scrap materials you'll probably never use. Everything is a one-way street to a sort of long suffering.Somehow, the novelty of the game's customization options wears off extremely fast, and even turning your heroes' ""morphin time"" catchphrase to HAIL SATAN fails to drum up much enthusiasm when you know more deadening combat is coming.THAT'S THE WHOLE JOKE, you say. It's all LOW RENT and also DID YOU NOTICE that EVERYTHING IS A REFERENCE. Yeah. And it's extremely hilarious or something. Don't get me wrong, there are some sensible chuckles strung throughout in the form of a draconian director barking Backstreet Boys lyrics as stage prompts, an anonymous ""biggest fan"" innocently emailing the studio to ask if Halliburton had any involvement in the design of the Megazord, or the sudden run-in with the star of Colin's Bear Animation, who unaccountably transforms into a send-up of Yakra and Heckran from Chrono Trigger.But when I start to sense that the game's wit is wringing itself raw with the exertion of transmuting ""Nick Fury"" to ""Rick Anger"", or naming a large sentient iPod enemy DOPi, or reaching -just- -one- -more- -time- for another Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles shoutout, I start experimenting with how much mileage I can get out of the handy fast-forwarding key. I swear to god, nothing tells me more about how quick this game's lights and camera went up around its ramshackle production than having a character recite the Taken monologue verbatim and the villain responding with ""Hey Sentai fans, did you catch that that comes from somewhere else? Thanks so much for playing our game, guys, and HEY MACARENA, AHA.""Best of all, I watched the everloving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Power Rangers as a kid and got into my share of schoolyard trouble for it, and I don't know if it's me or the developers of this game who are supposed to be more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that the fact alone does not make this game good. It is all heart, goddamn it, all heart through and through, stuffed with beautiful art and infectious music, and for all those elements I will certainly place a crisp gold star at the top of this game's construction paper project plastered with hot glue and macaroni.Pure flavor, bad content, like a Fruit Roll-Up or a new season of Full House. Buy it as cheap as you can."
76561198260737692,Not Recommended,251130,34423890,Posted: 22 August,all,kingcrafterplays,Game gets suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuper boring after 2 worlds not worth the money. Buy Garry's Mod or Rocket League instead.
,Not Recommended,251130,34190870,Posted: 12 August,all,MiLLerLight22,"Things to note:-Barely played the game, only 2 hours in at the time of this review-Minor Issue in the grand scheme of what we normally judge a game for-Game came out in 2015, bit late to critique the writingFeminist undertones within the first hour of gameplay.  Dialouge in the beginning of the 2nd ""Episode"" revolving around it being a sexist trope to rescue a girl (who apparently always wanted to be rescued by the power rangers) so the chroma squad decided it should be a boy (who also wanted to be rescued or in the show) instead to avoid the issue of racist or sexist motivations.  If they wrote the episode to rescue a guy just because he was the one that wanted to be in the show, and that be the end of it, I wouldn't have even noticed.  But because they tried to shove their agenda in your face while you are attempting to be immersed in this quirky story, it just ruined it for me.  Still playing it, but keep this♥♥♥♥♥♥out of video games for the love of god.  Doesn't matter if the characters are black or white, chinese or hispanic, male or female.  Decent human being's do not care one way or the other.  Stop trying to find prejudice where this isn't any.  Bit of a rant but I am so sick of seeing this♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere now in the divided states of America, rather not see it in my recreational time too.PS- This is MY review of the game.  You can agree or disagree all you want but unless you are developing your own game that I may play some day, I don't actually care what your thoughts on the matter are."
,Recommended,251130,29492013,Posted: 25 January,all,TheLuckyDicer,A lot of fun and funny :) But when you near the end it gets so hard but over all a AWSOME game ;)
,Recommended,251130,29456862,Posted: 23 January,all,Thunderbreak11,"Power Rangers sim, and you dont have to have a red ranger."
76561198174418951,Recommended,251130,17261209,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ctlovetere,"I was excited by the idea of being able to run my own studio. There are a lot of little details that make playing this game more and more of an immersive experience. Gameplay was really fun as it takes a little bit of XCOM gameplay with its own style to make it its own. I can't say much on criticism except in the email parts after each level (where you aren't really clued in on the consequences of saying yes/no/etc., but then again it's hinted that your gambling depending on what you decide to do with the emails anyway). Overall I feel like I got what I paid for and more, especially with the cool soundtrack."
,Recommended,251130,16632542,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,born casual,"Classic sentai feel. Tactical RPG system with crafting included. Great soundtrack, story, and gameplay. Developer still improving the game. Worth every penny. Buy it!"
76561198082619818,Recommended,251130,17004476,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,IL1keButterT0ast,"A creative tribute to the Tokusatsu genre that many have grown up to or still enjoy. Having team work and acrobatics effect audience levels was an interesting mechanic that allowed to the player to decide on how much of either to do to maximize the attendance to gain more fans/money per episode. The attendance machanic in general seemed a bit easy to abuse to an extent, should have a negative factor if either is overly used.Having different characters to choose from at the beginning for each role is a really nice touch. It allowed to add in variety to characters with the abilities that affected the gameplay. This allows the player to choose how they would like to play their games, and not have a stagnant gameplay with fixed characters for the storyline only.Storyline progressed at a decent pace and was well thought out in respect to what Tokusatsu's usually revolved around. But also adding in a bit of flare by blurring reality with fiction.One thing that was unimpressive after a few levels would be the minion's designs. During a level that had a Boss Mob, could have had the minion's designs centered around that particular Boss in the later stages. It's understandable at the beginning since it is representing the beginning stages of a starter company."
76561198028179808,Recommended,251130,17066000,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,The Supreme Overlord,stop reading reveiws....go buy this game now....right now..... if your a fan of the original power rangers and all that good poorly translated japanese stuff and games like the XCOM series. this game is for you and you need it right now10/10 would punch the living hell out of a mutated pile of gravel while in a giant robot again - IGN
,Recommended,251130,16981097,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Dr Zicter,I don't even like Power Rangers but this is still so charming
76561198023507159,Recommended,251130,15728935,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,the.grognard,Retro...campy...fun.  If that's what you're looking for then this game has it all.Otaku Team Powers Activate!
,Recommended,251130,17495144,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,The Milk Hugger,"Not bug-free, but the amazing pixel art, solid tactical gameplay, and infectious sentai energy carry this game much farther than it should. Just a very cute and positive experience."
76561198038204938,Recommended,251130,17331645,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,joitheboy,10/10 for the plot twist
,Recommended,251130,17333450,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,﴾Lil'Demon﴿ How?,"A Really Well Made Turn Based RPG. It Has Everything It Needs Like, Stats, Skills, Classes, Story And Of Course Enemies."
76561197974662457,Recommended,251130,17377010,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Gman1089,"This game is awesome! If you are a fan of Power Rangers, this game is a must have! I wish I had found the Kickstarter for it so i could have backed it!"
76561197982025644,Recommended,251130,18013613,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,eric_neo2,"Cardboard and Duck Tape rangers, very enjoyable game.Manage your studio and your poor rangers. Fight on the ground, transform and in giant mech battles.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=517562324Be sure to bring all the Cardboard and Duck Tape you can find."
76561198050363944,Recommended,251130,18069827,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,joshkings78,One pf the best games ive ever played!
76561198226830924,Recommended,251130,15673423,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,BHGtheINSANE,This game is much better than masterbating with sandpaper.
76561198107559338,Recommended,251130,16871472,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,4 y a r d o,Its such a fun game you should try it!
,Recommended,251130,17424497,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dumb Hippy,Devo
,Recommended,251130,17401363,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Megaman_the_Pidgeot,Have you ever wanted to be a power ranger? Now you can!
,Recommended,251130,17552622,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,GoggleCandy#1966,"I feel rather disappointed in that I was unaware of this game until long after the Kickstater was met. I'm a fan of sentai series, both american and japanese versions, and I see a lot of genuine love and effort put forth in the game to show off the themes, corny messages & jokes, and tropes that those shows fall into. With that, however, a love of those fanchises is felt through the effort and minor details scattered in the stages, dialogue, and backgrounds. For instance, the statue of JAKQ's 'Big One' in the convention stage or the reference to Doggie Kruger in one of the post-stage tweets. What about the game play? Well, it plays like the tactical RPGs I love (FF Tactics, Disgaea) while still have it's own take and original elements to it. I do wish there was a big more clarity in know what can and can't be done. For example, I didn't know until Episode 3 that I could customize more then the chest of my mech by clicking on the seperate parts. There are some small nuances in the game like that that take me out of the game for a moment as I may have spent my materials differently. Better explanation on fan or income conversion may be nice as well. Overall, I'm very happy with this game and pray the studio learn from this and make their next game bigger and better."
,Recommended,251130,17508302,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Squidcap,"Ever want to create your own super sentai squad and fight evil?Me neither, but the game works on so many levels, from the tactical combat to the humour.The price is nice too.8.5/10"
76561198139087778,Recommended,251130,17916095,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JeffJeffJeff420,I WAS going to court but then some guys jumped me so we took turns moving and hitting eachother until one of us won.10/10 would fight people in the street again
76561198060601866,Recommended,251130,16955355,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Dacx17,"ok wow this game is amazing, if you are a fan of tactical games and funny customizations and wonderful story telling there is NO reason why you should NOT get this game... worth every dollar so far my favorite feature in this game is the studio options.. the things you can make you rangers say is great having alot of fun with this game i highly recommend this game."
76561198055375683,Recommended,251130,16897778,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Bagguetteanator,"This game is awesome.If you enjoy most strategy RPGs you'll love this game. The game plays like if Fire Emblem, XCOM, and Viewtiful Joe had a 3-way and this is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of that insane relationship. Chroma Squad's soundtrack is also great.This game is awesome 13/10 would reccomend"
,Recommended,251130,16903517,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Level 10 NPC,"It is like they new all the right things to put in a game to grab my attention; RPG check, supper cool robot vs kiju fights ckeck, and last but not least some great music check.  When I first heard the opening I was cracking up from laughing and just thinking, this is one of the best things ever.  The game has a great pacing and difficulty curve and I am loving the way the plot is moving.  Lights, camera, cromatize."
76561198037698294,Recommended,251130,16904573,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,NurseMetal,"A pretty simple, but well polished game.  Will definitely replay to check out the branching storylines."
,Recommended,251130,16904806,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,LegendaryDuck69,One of my favorite strategy games. I love playing it when I want to play a slow laid back turn based game.Only thing I would change is to add in health bars for the enemies.8.7/10
76561198192651638,Recommended,251130,16909398,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Mozz,"this game is awsome! plus, cool plotwists!"
,Recommended,251130,16947509,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Triple[A],"Suprisingly one of the greatest tactical RPG games I have played in awhile. The concept is intresting and well performed. It may seem generic and without any sort of intense depth comapred to other tactical RPG's, but the theme of the game, dialogue, and the nostalgic gameplay make up for that very well.8.8/10"
76561198055818365,Recommended,251130,16827594,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Shadowkitty,"From the soundtrack to the gameplay, this game is gorgeous on every front.   I love everything about it.The customization of your characters is subtle enough to streamline the gameplay but involved enough to make things personal, and give you a reasonable amount of input.The plot is cheery and interesting, and it even has a quite a few unexpected turns up its sleeves.  Once you hit the turning point things really escalate quickly, and in the best of ways.There is tribute paid to so many legacies that the banter alone would make this game worthwhile to a diehard fan.If you're a fan of Tactical RPG's, it's worth every penny-- and if you're a fan of Super Sentai? It's worth so much more."
,Recommended,251130,16834234,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,The 'Losh,"A very cool, shockingly challenging, tactical RPG. Really fun. Great dialogue. A really good laugh. Well recommended."
76561197960571151,Recommended,251130,17136564,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Evil^Blade@twitch.tv/evil_blade,Should have a much higher metacritic scoregreat game! make more will buy again
,Recommended,251130,17130165,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,SkySpeedWalker21,"If Power Rangers and shows like it were part of your childhood, it is for you. Also it has a catchy theme"
76561198024516191,Recommended,251130,16885287,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,capfreak22,Great little game! My one complaint is the mecha battles. They tend to be a bit repetitive. Other than that it's great! 9 out of 10
,Recommended,251130,17687351,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ZombieBisque,"Amazing game spoiled by a poorly balanced ending.  I do reccomend this game, especially if you're a fan of sentai, but there are a few cons I need to point out.- Game difficulty settings are worthless; game is too easy on hardest difficulty until the last two episodes, where you can only win on Casual mode, a mode so easy it practically makes the rest of the game not worth playing.  Changing difficulty settings also ruins which ending achievement you get, if you care about that.- You can't lose the last boss fight.  It's incredibly lame and kills all tension.- One of the early episodes has some highly forced writing.  It's out of place and obnoxiously preachy, but thankfully it's the only one I really noticed.  If you're ok with being lectured about sexism, disregard this.Overall I enjoyed the game, although all my excitement to see it through to the end was ruined by the difficulty balance of the last two episodes.  7/10 until the ending, 6/10 overall, YMMV."
,Recommended,251130,17719103,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Tosh,I LOVE IT
,Recommended,251130,15700620,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kamen Rider,"As a fan of toku i was pumped the moment i heard of this game.If you are a fan of tokusatsu & turn based gameplay, then this game is a must have.+great soundtrack+lovely graphic+funny dialogues10/10I´m off to save the planet.....HENSHIN!!!"
,Recommended,251130,17846718,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Triumph101,"I love this game, everything about it just screams awesome. The fact you are able to make your own squad and upgrade as you go along it's just wonderful! I would reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of power rangers/super sentai."
,Recommended,251130,17549325,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Tatman,"Brilliant game. Story manages to be typically cheesey as you'd expect of the medium, but compelling and enjoyable. It all just fits together fantastically. Gameplay is wicked, customisation options are extensive. What more can you say?"
76561197980896334,Recommended,251130,16787323,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,PTT.Tamachan,"Decent gameplay, with a lot of customisation. Graphically appropriate. The only downside was the obnoxious amount of cameo's from backers and donators. It seemed quite masterbatory and I cringed a few times."
76561198119648169,Recommended,251130,16800617,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,MtnDewstroyer,"This game rocks my ♥♥♥♥ing socks off. If you like power rangers, or any sentai related show like Kamen rider and such, you'll like this."
76561198132654104,Recommended,251130,16741899,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Henkie Spenkie de Popcornman,"If you loved Power Rangers, love strategy, management, or 8bit...BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,251130,16751403,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Packy,"Very little to say without giving away any of the awesome moments of the game. It's freaking fantastic. Not too hard, but not hand-holdingly easy on the normal difficulty, which is perfect for me. The humor is great, and the entire game is super nostalgic and left me feeling nothing but great inside. I found myself smiling at several points of the game, just enjoying all of the little aspects of it.This game is easily my favorite game to come out this year and that I've played this year. And it will find itself a shiny place on my top 10 list.Play it! :)"
,Recommended,251130,16684712,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,_HordeZ_,"I beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a cupcake, and a pile of gravel that turned people to stone, and fought a reverse mermaid in a giant robot.1980/3"
,Recommended,251130,16685282,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Godo,The First boss is a cardboard box with boxing gloves...and i destroyed it with a giant beam of rainbow colors.10/10Great soundtrack too.
,Recommended,251130,16659218,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,orangeyclot,"Great gameplay, awesome characters, catchy soundtrack and witty game dialogue.What more can i say.. 10/10 BEST GAME OF THE YEAR!"
,Recommended,251130,16573180,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,N7Knight,Go GO Chroma Squad!
,Recommended,251130,16574593,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Herzreh,"It is so much fun Playing Chroma Squad. You have the tactical RPG element, with a ""Power Rangers"" vibe, a slough of cliche enemies, which makes this game worth all the time put into it."
76561198042954134,Recommended,251130,16634758,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,detladog3d,"Ladies and gentlemen, the ooze is back hello all this is my review for Chroma Squad first off i love this game. This game is very clever at first it feels that you are just making a tv series and it fun but there is more but you got to play to find out.If that dose not get you to play then i going to say this if you watch the power rangers from the past and you went mad with getting the toys playing the games then this will take you back to that days.There are things that i would love to see here maybe in dlc list or in the next game yes i think this game will have many chroma squad games.here is my pro list of the gameYou get a fun roster to pick you squad like alien, robots and old 90s stars.you get to choose you players colour so for me i had the green squad leader and the red was the tech guy.Story is made by you as you get to film any tv episodes in any order which is fun.Like mass effect the story is not linar you can choose diffdient things and you get diffdient mission to do.There are zoids but called mecha and you get to fight with it to beat your gaint bad guy.The music is so freaking sweet it fun to listen too.now for the con i hope the people who made this don't feel bad about me saying this but as a fan i feel like i should say somethinghere we go.conthere is only one finish attack i would like for more maybe a weapon mode like the power ranger did in there 94 daysI wanted more mecha and not all the same size i want one like the dragon zoid and many others.i wanted more cutscene as there was awesome which lead to my next con i really wanted something cool to happen for the suit charge like you spent a lot of crash making the suit for your team and you get nothing new really just go oh new suit but that it.The end credit scene is bad ok you made the end cutscene a nightmare only reason i spend so long click on the (...) bar was i thought why would you put this in if you had nothing after the cedits maybe next time add a save after the cedits so we don't have to do the long clicking thing.The second life big boss battle mode to me i wish there could of been more like a test of stength thing and seeing bulding blow up.that all folks i do hope there are more around the corner to come i do hope you enjoy the game.I do hope there make a movie verson of the game too and i also hope you make other games too maybe a godzilla game as i would to see you guys do that keep them keeping boys i will end saying this chroma squad is the power ranger mass effect it that good."
76561198116530605,Recommended,251130,16861728,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,legio.9th,game is fun from start to finsh
,Recommended,251130,16230599,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Duck,"THIS GAME IS REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD. A LITTLE EZ THOUGH. WORTH $15 ANY DAY OF ANY WEEK OF ANY MONTH OF ANY YEAR ETC. IF YOU HAVN'T BOUGHT THIS GAME YET, ASK YOURSELF: ""WHY HAVN'T I BOUGHT THIS GAME?"". AS A FAN OF STUPID ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, THIS IS SOME TOP TIER, CHARMING AS ♥♥♥♥, STUPID ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. AND BY STUPID ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I MEAN AMAZING♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198011153892,Recommended,251130,15845551,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Cyraxis,First saw this game in a magazine and thought the concept was awesome. Now i play it i know my first instinct was right. I wont write a long review that you wont read so i shall just say BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,251130,15845594,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,kingtepeg,"This game.... BUY IT NOW!!! filled with plot twists, a grate battle sytem, and some of the most interesting concepts EVER,this game should be bought. now."
,Recommended,251130,15845852,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mince,"This game is in one word Awesome, Nice casual turn based gameplay, this is not the most difficult game by far but i thhink that adds too a game like this. If you want difficulty go for something from slitherine or Xcom.The only flaw is the games story is just as casual as the difficult. towards the end the characters even start calling it a game, and on one occasion a npc hacks into the game."
76561197974235759,Recommended,251130,15845984,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Squish,"This game is precisely what it appears to be: You run your own ""Power Rangers"" type TV studio, beat up monsters, gain fans, and have giant robot battles. It's a little simplistic, but the first time you find yourself shouting your customized battle cry before a finishing move you will not care.I'm hoping for some mods that let us get deeper into the management: Create your own Big Bads, write some custom lines, set up your own battles, create some custom minions. With improvements like these, I could see this game having a long lasting future.In the man time, it is still completely worth it. Jump in and start singing along with the Chroma Squad theme song now!"
,Recommended,251130,15846963,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,gunsage,"It's Power Rangers, but with a sim/strategy aspect where you manage the awesome turn-based battles, marketing, and all the fun backend stuff.  Great and addictive stuff."
76561198043856680,Recommended,251130,16282207,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Link,"This is simply amazing. A great and nostalgic experience, took me back to my childhood years. Fantastic! A great game in every aspect! Beautiful retro graphics, very funny dialogue, great gameplay! It's a must buy. I highly recommend this game to everyone. GO BEHOLD STUDIOS! BRAZIL-ZIL-ZIL-ZIL-ZIL!!!!!"
76561198025907046,Recommended,251130,16284017,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,iyobo123,This game is AWESOME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,251130,16268027,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Zero Cels,"No time to write a review, I'm too busy being a Power Ranger!"
76561198028091816,Recommended,251130,19855004,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Illuminati MLG,Very interesting game with a lot of humor.
,Recommended,251130,19961863,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,hoj minoj yoi,"If you're a fan of turn based strategy and/or power rangers, this game is definitely worth a try"
76561198164930869,Recommended,251130,19992553,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,foobloo,"Do you know who the Power rangers are? Yes? Do you like squad based tactical combat? Yes? Than this is the game for you. The story is fun, the combat is simplistic yet enjoable, and if you ever see this game on sale you have no excuse to buy this one. Trust me :)"
,Recommended,251130,19956183,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Irrellievant,"Love the gameplay, the cute graphics and the rad soundtrack. I wish there were more games like these!"
,Recommended,251130,20080737,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Eruditio,"If your on the fence get down from there. Why are you up there anyway?Fantastic concept and great execution. I was interested in the game for the concept and art design, but was suprised that it had such a good story as well. Don't go into it expecting an award winning story, but it will keep you entertained the whole time. The writing is very witty.It's definitely worth the purchase."
76561198039802118,Recommended,251130,20259308,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,noobrapter,"Time to save the world with mild Gymnastics. Chroma Squad is about a small team of stunt men that get sick of thier old boss and deside to start their own Power Rangers like show. The gameplay has you using five different squad members in a grid based arena fighting some waves on enemies and a boss. The game's main difficulty is based on if you choose to the the mission objectives, from hit the boss every turn, win in 5 turns, or finish the boss with a finisher. The game is filled with references that just comes and goes from video games, to pop culture the games has cheesy diologue. The crafting system is somewhat of a mess so I just stick to the shop. The mec combat is bare bone with realy no differences with attacks just the animation that happens. But even with thous complants it acctualy makes the game more true to how a noraml Power Rangers epiosode happens, (story, simple fight, transform, beat boss, boss gets bigger, mec battle, end episode). Overall the campyness and the gameplay make me suggest this game if you have the money and a week end to waist.P.S. The narrirator spells poorly"
,Recommended,251130,20498065,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Mary Nightmare,A really fun and awesome game. Worth the money!
76561198025035542,Recommended,251130,20497696,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,RaptorFire,"I cannot tell you how much fun it is to make up characters based on real-life friends, stick them in Power Ranger costumes, and put on a fake sentai show. Plus the soundtrack rocks!"
76561197979845193,Recommended,251130,20443126,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Romu,"Very fun tactical/rpg game. If you like pixel art and sentai series you're in for a treat, don't miss this game !"
,Recommended,251130,20489646,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Quelandoris,"Decided to grab this game since I liked Tactics RPGs, and wanted something bright and colorful. Came into the game with pretty ""meh"" expectations and was blown out of the water.As someone who watched Power Rangers when I was little, this game is an absolute nostalgia trip, while at the same time parodying a lot of the tropes of the sentai genre. The game starts with the protagonists getting a tutorial from their overbearing boss before quitting to form their own sentai studio. You get to name all your rangers, choose their colors (Even if the palette is rather limited), their mecha, their catchphrases, etc. Though this has no impact on gameplay whatsoever, it adds nicely to the fantasy of running your own show.Gameplay is a relatively simple TRPG where you can only have one of each class, Assist, Tech, Assault, Scout, and Lead. This prevents a lot of the cheese strategies that are common in TRPGs like Fire Emblem and Final Fantasy Tactics. This game's difficulty in actual fights is usually pretty low. Instead the difficulty comes from getting your Audience meter filled up and then keeping it filled. The best way to fill it up is by doing flips, team moves, special attacks, and Director's Instructions, which are special submissions that can range from ""Don't lose any of your team members"" to ""win in 5 turns"" to ""Defeat the boss before defeating any minions."" The gameplay, despite being turnbased, really does a great job of showing how a sentai show usually plays out, and its very easy to see how cool everything would look to the eyes of a child watching the show at home. The only major gameplay flaw is that my scout always felt useless. Next to the rapid-fire skills of the Tech, the massive healing from the Assist, the raw damage and acrobatics bonus of the Assault, and the tankiness of the Lead, the Scout... moves an extra space every turn. This would be alright if his damage were anything special, but either my choice of actor or gear for my scout meant that he was consistently doing less damage than the healer. Though the scout does get several crowd control abilties, they all require him to be in the midst of battle, and the Scout's frailty means that these are very risky to use past Season 3.Graphics are psuedo 16-bit, bright colorful and cheery graphics with some great sprite art. Not quite on the same level as Undertale's sprite art, but its all still very appealing. Boss designers are all unique and, with a few exceptions, creative. Though you'll be fighting in th same 7 or so locals a lot, I'm willing to write that up as part of the parody. Besides, the locations are all great looking and have enough functional differences from one another to keep you on your toes.That's not to say the game is perfect. While the game is generally humorous, there are more than a few spots where I felt as though the game was expecting me to laugh and I didn't. Mecha fighting is pretty boring and one dimensional, and is usually the worst part of any mission its included in, which is a shame since a lot of its moves and parts are references to Mecha anime like Gurren Lagann and NGE, references I would appreciate a lot more if it wasn't part of the most boring part of the game. There's crafting, which is already a very played out mechanic that seems to pop up in every game nowadays, but at least here it fits the fantasy of everything on a sentai show being handmade and crappy looking. There's also multiple things that seem to ride the line between satire and unironic crapiness. When you reach Season 3, most of that season's plot revolves around your Lead growing an ego, which is a trite and boring plot line used in every sentai show ever. Are you trying to make fun of these trite and boring plots, Chrome Squad, or was your plot for Season 3 just trite and boring? Or did I just answer my own question?Despite those flaws, I'd be wrong if I said this game was bad. The game just has so much heart and dedication put into it, the gameplay is fun, the visuals were colorful and the plot is meta-tastic goofiness. While the game didn't make me burst out laughing or bawl my eyes out, it was just so delightful I can't help but recommend it. If you love Tactics RPGs or Sentai shows, consider it a double recommendation."
,Recommended,251130,20496176,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,iSmash,"An incredible turn-based tactical RPG game, highly recommended."
76561198052573268,Recommended,251130,20457939,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Owlucard,A very fun turn based RPG with a weird yet cheesey story
76561197970807880,Recommended,251130,20483956,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"I was iffy to buy this game based on the theme and trailer. Next thing I know it's 1 AM and I wonder where the last three days went. The developers did a really fantastic job on story, design, concept, and gameplay. My only complaint is the big mech battle scenes can be choppy sometimes."
,Recommended,251130,20478709,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,all the harakiri,"pretty solid gameplay, everything else is a toku fan circlejerkas a toku fan would recommend, if you dont into toku id wait for a sale or start with kamen rider"
,Recommended,251130,20478901,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Andy457,"I picked up Chroma Squad on a whim during the winter sale because it looked interesting and reminded me of my childhood with the power rangers theme. I was very pleased with my decision.Chroma Squad is really unique and full of great story and gameplay.Pros:Fun Dialogue and storyOld School graphics that look very cleanGreat musicFantastic Tactics style gameplayCons:Mecha battles can become a bit tedious and repetitiveIf you are looking for a classic RPG, Chroma Squad is a perfect choice."
76561197980429671,Recommended,251130,20476634,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,I started this game up and named all my members after the Wu-Tang Clan.  The dialogue's funny now.
76561197972296939,Recommended,251130,20625583,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Agi,During the finale of Season 3 my Red Ranger started behaving like a♥♥♥♥♥♥ so I sacked him.Its Morphin Time!
,Recommended,251130,20618725,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,『I WAS BORN STUPID』,Chroma Squad is a must buy for anyone who enjoys turn based strategy RPG games or was a fan of the power rangers with a few references in the games to the show!
76561198032948177,Recommended,251130,18555581,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ScotchMotch,"Very solid/good game.  I highly recommend for anyone who likes power rangers, tactical RPGs, and Mecha.Music is awesome, story is fun, game doesn't take itself too seriously, and a lot of really good gaming mechanics make for a very solid game."
,Recommended,251130,18530761,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,LazyWynn,All I got to say is if you loved Power Rangers while growing up then definitely buy this game. So much nostalgia while playing this game.
76561198095435153,Recommended,251130,16839438,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,honored cur,"Just beat it for my first time, it is a fun few hours of gameplay and since they're are multiple endings and diffrent routes I will be playing it once or twice soon to see them. If you love the Power Rangers then this will be extra funny to you I bet. I loved the villain, loved the growth of the characters, I really just loved most of this game. They're are a few issues I have with it though for example it is annoying that if you loose your Assist member you loose 95% of all healing and can never revive anyone unles you Chromatize/power up, and the fact most of the NPC allies aren't seen or mentioned again was a little disapointing though I understood why.All in all I really loved this game especially when I finished it and got to see the Villains 'dance' to the ending theme, kind of wished your squad was dancing during this as well to celebrate they're job well done but whatever.If they make a sequel or DLC I am likely to buy it and I am not the biggest fan of PC gaming, but I would love to see if they keep this story going, have the timeline of this game alter the next, or if we get to see the current squad follow something like the power rangers with the changing of powers and rosters because it's mentioned in game that happened before.Again really love this game and think it is at the least worth a try."
,Recommended,251130,16847271,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,MadMikeLove,"It's a fun, light-hearted game! It's got good (not fantastic) music, a decent set of strategy mechanics, a fun and mostly light story, giant mechs, and an engaging, but lightweight TV show budget simulatorIt's a jack-of-all-games. It's a turn based strategy, 2-D mech fighting, TV show simulator.Though, by the end of the 4th season (out of 5), money management ceases to exist because your set is bankrolled enough to fund the wildest expenditures with ease. Combat is also too easy, with some straight up OP characters and pants-on-head AI. The enemy will spread out it's attacks amongst your team rather than congregating together to fight a single weak enemy, thus losing is almost laughably hard. That being said, team acrobatics, team attacks, and finding the sweet spot with AOE attacks are honestly delightful.It's not super strategic, but it's a genuinely fun and widely appealing indie game."
76561198196745499,Recommended,251130,16624478,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ninja94shadow,Hi guys and girls i just like to say i love this game it is so awsome and i just can not get enought of it but i have to ask are you going to expaned on this to more seasons and other such things and maybe introdues that fan asking request of the 6th ranger also just a slide note one of the kick starter charecters the one that gives you 10% of at shops that feature dosen't seem to be working for me don't know if it's just me or anyone else just thought i'd say anyway keep up the great work you'r fans are loving every seconde of it.
,Recommended,251130,16627686,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,herrwozzeck,"As a fan of turn-based strategy, I've always liked it whenever new properties do something somewhat different with the genre. So imagine my surprise when this showed up on my doorstep.So yeah. For what I think of the game? I played through the whole thing, and I thought it was oodles and oodles of fun. The plot is silly and over the top, but it's what I would expect from a game inspired by Power Rangers. It's also quite a bit of fun in its own right, with its own sense of strategy that makes perfect sense. I also have to say, it's fun watching your guys do flips.I just have the one problem: can I have that New Game + feature that was promised by the ending text thing, pretty please?"
76561198122794246,Recommended,251130,18128874,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DfHBanned,Was an absolutely fun game to play. Full of humor with a pretty sweet story line.
76561198046058821,Recommended,251130,18136552,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,jhdavidson83,Funny and entertaining and a decent tacitcs game at its core.  I like it.
76561198146820250,Recommended,251130,18148750,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,zenlock,picture xcom but with power rangers and that's all you need to decide if youll like this
76561198019237407,Recommended,251130,15762046,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Wiesseritter,"The Knights Of Virtue!Lead by Weisse Ritter, the white knight!Rogue, the pink brigand! Sriking foes down with a heavy axe!Miggins the Blue, cleric extrodinaire!AK-47, red robot and long range heavy hitter! Asimov holds no power over his justice!and Ninja Princess! Clad in black, because why the hell not!Corp Por Flam! Knights of virtue, suit up for justice!Calling down the mighty Avatar! Launch every Zig for great justice!Use teamwork Knights! Set up the bomb on your foes!"
76561198064537541,Recommended,251130,15763969,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Thoughtsinflight,One of the best games I've played on steam.
76561198168015608,Recommended,251130,15757466,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,alanreap,This game is a blast.
,Recommended,251130,15757674,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,neofreek4620,"If you love tactical strategy RPGs and Power Rangers holds a place in your heart, you will love this game. The humor is great. Difficulty (so far) has been spot on."
,Recommended,251130,15742901,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,V-Phantom,"This game is one of those clear examples where the whole is substantially better than the sum of its parts. Highly recommended.Cool retro-style graphics, simple-yet-engaging mechanics, a really fun (and deliciously self-aware) storyline, a charming setting brimming with colorful and wacky characters, and a rockin' chiptune soundtrack; all of these, and more, combine to create a memorable and incredibly satisfying experience."
76561198011670196,Recommended,251130,15703793,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,CamoLegs,Hilarious!!!! Really good game quality to what i was expecting! good cheap laughs at a good price - worth a buy
76561198082496093,Recommended,251130,15748303,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,FritzingHell,"Now, I know what you must be thinking about this game at the moment...  ""What?  A Power Rangers rip off game?  What the fruity pebbles is this doing on steam?""  Well, I will tell you what the fruity pebbles this is doing on steam, It is being one of the better games on steam as of this moment.It is quite literally a parody of power rangers, because it was quite literally inspired by the same show.  The combat system revolves around the turn-based combat system, but with tactical movements and everything.  You have your basic healer, fast person, tech person, heavy hitter, and balanced fighter.  Using these five (or less) characters, you spend actions fighting an enemy squad of minions which would be followed up by a boss.  Since the characters you are playing as are ""actors of their own Sentai Show,"" a lot of their armors, weapons, skills, and enemies would look studio-made (or for lack of better words, artificial).  Also, if you have a vast knowledge of puns, jokes, or can catch onto references or parodical-cameos of other characters of the past 15 years, then you will chuckle at all of the things Chroma Squad throws at you.There are also SUPER ROBOT VS. KAIGU {Sorry if I butchered the name} battles, where you go into your own Power Ranger-esque Robot that would fight giant sized versions of the bosses on top of the cities.  And you can customize even your own robot...  OH, and speaking of customization, you get to customize your squad (appearance AND names AND species AND ranger color), your studio name, the hero group's name, the robot's name, and a whole lot of other things!  Meaning you can make the squad as personal as you want :3!Also, this game's soundtract is very addicting, as I would catch m.yself not playing the game as I just enjoy the amazingness of the soundtrack that plays in the battles.And this game is very replayable as there are three seperate endings...  as of this moment, I haven't seen any of them, and I have only heard of one of them and I hate one of my friends who spoiled a little bit of that ending for me >:(...  But since I hope you haven't been spoiled yet either, I assure you that if all of the endings are as good as what I heard one of the endings was going to be, it will be amazing!In conclusion, this game should be on the top of you MUST BUY RIGHT NOW lists, as it is addicting, has a great soundtrack, has SO MUCH CUSTOMIZATION, and has laughs from the start of the game AAAALL the way to the end.  You'll enjoy it, I swear on it!  :D"
76561198107786055,Recommended,251130,15668677,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,YourLocalOdin,This game is amazing need I say anything but game dev tycoon with power rangers!!!!
76561198030252479,Recommended,251130,15669103,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ORK,"OUTSTANDING!    I still can't Decide if this is the Most awesome dumb game, or the Dumbest Awesome game that I've played in years!   It took me back to the days of the streamlined SNES games... Hilarious story, great playability, HELLA fun... with Juuust enough graphics. For all the fans, from Ultraman to Power Rangers... this game is a fan-boy nerdgasm!"
76561198035067210,Recommended,251130,15670346,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Stormy Waters 2021,"Excellent, fun, and creative."
76561198000712065,Recommended,251130,15703146,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,The Meister,"A nice charming game, for those who like the super sentai/power ranger series'.Felt a great deal of nostalgia and humour.Liked the freedom of customisation in many aspects of the game. Fun Soundtrack.However an undo button would be nice for those who are new to the game, but this was only a minor nitpick.Overall, fun game. :D"
76561198037195466,Recommended,251130,15705279,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,pagamer,"Henshin!Holy cow, is this game awesome.  The game is deep and strategic, and the tongue-in-cheek humor will please anyone who is a fan of TV, sentai or otherwise.  I'm only a few hours in, and the level you can customize characters in the game is already astonishing.  I can't wait to see what's in store for my super team in the coming seasons.  I recommend this to anyone who likes RPGs, Strategy, Power Rangers, Kamen Rider, Humor, or any of the above.Now if you'll excuse me...Cerebro is calling with a new mission!  Tenshin-Da!"
,Recommended,251130,15705572,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BigK64,"A game the 90s kid in you who watched every single Saban shows have always dreamed of.Chroma Squad is an enjoyable tactic RPG and management game for a strategy player to to get into.  The art style, humor and music really fit the tone for this affectionate parody to sentai shows.  The customization/management portions of the game gives the player a sense of ""creative control"" over the presentation of the show they are creating.  The referential tone is similar to Knights of Pen & Paper, as in every tropes applied in a sentai show (both in real life and in story) are addressed in a comedic light.In short, GET THIS GAME IT IS MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!!!!"
76561198069524264,Recommended,251130,15708194,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Jcwint,Chroma Squad is a really great game. It's super addictive and very enjoyable if you are a fan of nostalgia and strategy RPGs like tactics or X-COM. Great art style and music as well. Get it.
76561198001524185,Recommended,251130,15709143,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Macho Man,Ok so the game starts off a little bleh with a Tutorial but right after that it takes you into a really fun story. I'm not a huge Power Ranger fan but this game drew my eyes quickly. I love the team based combat and the idea of a simulation of running your studio.I just finished making my first season of the series and now have an deacent size fan base. Also haveing a good company advertising for you is a major plus as you try to make your way through the seasons.Also lets you customize and craft items that you get after you kill enimies as well as customize your own Robot.(ARC SQUAD UNITE!!!) I highly recommend this game looking for a tatic style RPG/SIMULATOR then look no further I'm so happy I picked this game up and I will very willingly say this game could be the one your looking for. I rate this game 8/10 and I really think everyone thats intreasted in these genre's are in for a treat scoop it up and give it a shot!
76561197992722775,Recommended,251130,15710031,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Zeppelin,"I bought this game on a whim on its release date. Something told me I would enjoy it. I was right. Best god damned game ever. It combines unique and refreshing RPG strategy with a compelling story, quirky upgrades, and a pace that keeps you playing hour after hour.If you are still just ""considering"" buying this game, you're wasting time: buy it already!"
,Recommended,251130,15714537,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,CommanderCody1138,"If your an absolute fanatic about Power Rangers and its Japanese predecessors then this game is a sure win. Its a love letter built for fans of colorful super hero teams kicking monster♥♥♥♥♥ The story is comical and full of goofy charm, while the RPG-like elements are very fun and keep you engaged in kitting out your team. After a few hours, your team really feels unique. You can even customize their battle phrases, mecha names, and more. Quite a fantastic little game, A+."
,Recommended,251130,15737083,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ed Viper,I always wanted to be a Power Rangers.
76561198091428221,Recommended,251130,15737418,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Hantonir,I will admit it doesn't bring anything really new to your turn based fighter game.Although suprisingly simple it is fun to play mixing turn based fighting as well as resource managment when your in between episodes.The humour pokes fun at typical Power Rangers or Super Sentai tropes which brings together a quirky and comedic game i mean who doesnt want to fight a villan thats a traffic cone wizard right :D
76561198046533401,Recommended,251130,15729019,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"i LOVE this game. my only problem with it is i know its going to end eventually......i really wish there was some kind of random episode generator, or a battle arena or something like that to keep me coming back even after all the endings. thats not to say that there isnt a lot here already, because there certainly is. the writing is wonderful, lines are delivered in a short but sweet comic book dialog box, and you are never quite sure if they team/actors are acting because lots of strange events happen through the story that blurs the line. great story by the way, great gameplay and battle mechanics, lots and lots of customization, from the name of your actors, to the name of their squad (default is chroma squad) and the company of actors, lots of nostalgia, absolutely wonderful pixel graphics, giant mecha fights, special powers, etc, etc. it has LITERALLY everything that you would want or expect out of it. it has yet to fall short in any way in my book. it is a spot on nostalgic power ranger-like tactical RPG, with secondary objectives that will keep you coming back for more. I REALLY REALLY REALLY WISH we had more games like this. the only thing, the one and only thing that i wish they had was some kind of arena or random episode generator."
76561198143247877,Recommended,251130,15718882,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Salamantas,Love this game. It harkens back to the good old days of watching power rangers as a kid!The constant breaking of the 4th wall gives it that good old witty humor that I enjoy so much!This story is a simple blend of comedy and silliness worthy of a Saturday morning cartoon. The gameplay is simplistic and the crafting element is simple yet satisfying when you finally craft like the ultra best gear. One problem though that I had at least in my experience is that crafting materials (especially the acryliac paint) can be very hard to get. I understand that you can buy boxes that contain these materials however it's hard to get/maintain the funds needed for these things. A small gripe but otherwise this game is a good time!9/10
,Recommended,251130,15718955,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Sir Connor the White Mage,"This game definitely succeeds in keeping creative thinking alive with interesting story twists, branching paths, and very enjoyable customization.  To be able to make your own super powered team of stunt actors is a joy regardless of whether you're giving them serious or silly names.  The gameplay seemed relatively simple and they surely could have added a few more mechanics (an undo move option would have been VERY useful), but with what they had the game still worked fantastically.  The management aspect seemed rather easy, though my experience was on the normal difficulty setting, so I don't know what it's like on Challenging.  If you like management sims you'll probably learn the mechanics rather quickly and if you like turn based strategy RPGs then there's no reason not to give this a shot.  The game is very enjoyable and has a great amount of replay value.  Give it a shot if you were on the fence about it!"
76561198002880573,Recommended,251130,15720135,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Warden,"If you ever wanted a extra-lite tactical rpg with slight base building based loosely on the Power Rangers TV show?Then buy this. Now. Enjoy the music, the lite hearted dialog (lots and lots of text dialog) and the goofy characters. While this game is not difficult on the ""normal"" level, it does become more challenging later in the game. For such a simple game, it does give a sense of reward after each ""episode"" for doing the directors instructions perfectly. The boss fights are interesting and do provide a nice change of pace. Only issue I had was the ""Mecha"" battles being fairly boring.Other wise, fun little game."
76561198097972599,Recommended,251130,15721123,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Godoy,"Nice game for that people who don't expect a hardcore RPG. It's funny, light and you will love spend your time playing this game. I really recommend if you're a big fan of tactics game and you're looking for some game to have fun."
76561198023367176,Recommended,251130,15726759,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kelevra,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING!Not only did Chroma Squad an amazing Tactical RPG a la Final Fantasy Tactics, it's also a very interesting Tycoon game. Instead of the token knights and wizards you lead your very own ""Somewhat Power Ranger"" Team into a tile-based battle against ridiculous themed monster.Thing is tho - you are actually producing a TV Show. Not only do you have to win the fights (which are the Episodes of the Series) and please your fan-base, you also have to succesfully manage your studio. Gear, weapons and other show props such as your very own Mecha have to be build out of cardboard and duct tape, new filming equipment have to be bought to give your rangers stat-boosts and increase the production value, contracts with advertiser have to be made and Fan Mails have to be answered. Also your actors are not save from wordly worries such as dentist appointments, mean Ex-Producers and Cardboard Cultists...People who like or just watched shows such as Power Rangers will love his game for it's 4th Wall breaking, inside Humor, but also people who are looking for a new Tactical RPG with a nice management system should totally buy Chroma Squad! Absolutly worth the prize!"
,Recommended,251130,15673157,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,HIdeo Kojima Jr.,"A neat game for Power Rangers and sentai fans. As a strategy rpg, the mechanics are simple but the game is still wildly entertaining!"
76561198039387454,Recommended,251130,15673995,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Big Earl,I love this. Its kind of like my dream of being a power ranger comes true.
76561198042418889,Recommended,251130,32754413,Posted: 24 June,all,technodude458,As someone who grew up watching Power Rangers and got into Super Sentai during the Summer of 2013 I really can't praise this game enough for capturing the feel of those shows the tactics are great the abilities are cool the weapons are awesome and the things you can do with the Mecha customization including turning it into a version of Star Platinum from Jojo's bizarre adventure (you'll need the right parts of course) are freaking awesome there is one thing I didn't like about this game a lot of the time the gear you can craft will be vastly inferior to what you can buy and that just felt like a waste of a system to me (unless you wanted to do some sort of crafting only challenge run) that aside I have bought this game twice so far once on steam and once for iOS and I'm probably going to buy it a third time for Xbox one just so I can stream it I could go on and on about how much I love this game but instead of doing that I'll just say this buy it try it for yourself if you don't like it get a refund although I doubt that'll be happening
76561198111647424,Recommended,251130,33040839,Posted: 30 June,all,redmage97,"Wonderful game, a true Viewtiful experience!"
76561198114084473,Recommended,251130,32993058,Posted: 29 June,all,therealKAINO,"fantastic game. flued combat and good difficulty spikes through seasons. would love a few more features in a future squael or exspantion like zord pieces (5 zords instead of one big robot), more options for episodes (maby casting the monsters based on your buget, more pricey bosses our difficult but draw more raitings) also the idea of it turning real is strange and i feel it could be just the tv show idea without the real stuff. great game tho and i hope its the start of fantastic franchice"
,Recommended,251130,16113627,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,thsouza2501,"A real love letter to the tokusatsu genre, a great indie game, and a very cool tactical RPG!"
76561197998595360,Recommended,251130,33451203,Posted: 11 July,all,kaboomatar,"I am giving this game a positive review because it is well-made and it is creative and the gameplay is fun and innovative.However, it would be so much better if the storyline wasn't so dumb. I don't know, maybe it's just me but I'm not a fan of the fake hollywood♥♥♥♥♥♥as a video game storyline...Other than that, it's really good. If battling in a Hollywood studio doesn't deter you then you'll love it."
76561198006533059,Recommended,251130,33667316,Posted: 20 July,all,Liger Dragon ZX,is amazing and needs a sequle
76561198071094709,Recommended,251130,18438861,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,dic,A story within a story
,Recommended,251130,18439713,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Nocpas,"Fun, intuitive combat which, for some reason, makes me think of D&D 4e. Very engaging, but probably less long a game than I'd like, for its price. Worth a shot, at least."
76561198079351783,Recommended,251130,18315478,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Funghis Canale Grande,awesome game... !
,Recommended,251130,18490594,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Liucastrew,Really Awesome Game
,Recommended,251130,18431149,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Den-GelW.Wander,it fills a need in yourself if you loved sentai
,Recommended,251130,18444276,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SirJustin1337,Final Fantasy Tactics: Sentai Edition
,Recommended,251130,17674815,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,b2na,Chroma Squad holds a surprisingly deep combat system coupled with charming writing. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,251130,17679215,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ghostly Avery,BECOME A POWER RANGER SQUAD AND ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥UP. DO IT. DO IT YOU NERD.
,Recommended,251130,16584118,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BabyRabbi,"I named my characters Trans, Trigger, Anita, Obesity, and Filthy Cis Gender.They're all girls except for Filthy Cis-Gender.They travel across a town and kill giant monsters that greatly trigger them.They use the force of Tumblr to call upon giant robots to wreck stuff.10/10 would make Social Justice Warriors again"
,Recommended,251130,16589654,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BadW00f,Yes yes yes!
76561198036615137,Recommended,251130,15800345,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,RathMutatio,"ChromaSquad is a fantastic Tactical RPG where you create your very own team of Sentai Warriors. Customizeable to a great level, you can choose your team, each color, team name, catch-phrases, craft your own armor and Mech pieces and more! While simple in mechanics it is noting to sneeze at as it keeps you pumped for the next episode and what may be around the corner.~I wish to extend a cordial THANK YOU to the creators of ChromaSquad. It has been a good while since I've immersed myself so deeply into a game. And the absolute charm, fun and personality this game had to offer had me smiling ALL the way through. Right after finishing it I had to start over as it is simply too much fun! And I plan to play your other games and see what more Behold Studios has to offer. <3"
76561198074108903,Recommended,251130,15999811,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Reptar224,This is a great game. The wait must of have been brutal as the game was supposed to come out last year. A few hours and a couple seasons into the game and I am having fun. The game is very fun and not too hard to pick up on. As a fan of both Power Rangers and Tactics rpgs like Fire Emblem I've found that is very easy to sit down in front of Chroma Squad and just relax and plan and enjoy the funny and smart story telling. Give it a try you won't be let down.
,Recommended,251130,16002763,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Stupid Fat Cat,"Good humor, simple game. Fun."
76561198067023956,Recommended,251130,16032780,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,OccuSai,"I was really hesitant at first to purchase this game because of the lackluster look to combat but damn, the power rangers/super sentai theme just won me over. I've watched every episode of power rangers and most of super sentai. With that said, the thematic elements are spot on. The way the dialogue is corny and the team up moves are all taken from power rangers and i love every single second of it.As for the turn based strategy, the game is pretty fun. While other games like Fire Emblem or FF tactics have more interesting and robust systems, the combat elements in this game are still fun. Complexity doesnt always mean fun game play.The RPG elements are also very interesting. I was surprised to see that this game has a development strategy portion similar to that of the kariosoft games. Overall, highly recommend this game if your a power rangers/super sentai fan. For rpg/tactics fans, I would say it's less complicated and interesting the other games in the genere , but the combat is still fun."
76561198144044528,Recommended,251130,16044569,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheSteve,Love the idea as a concept as well as a narrative. The management system coinciding with acting out the fight sequences is some of the most out-of-the-box story telling I have ever experienced. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes tactical RPGs and have a love for the Power Rangers ( or even Big Bad Beetle Borgs / Ninja Turtles / Voltron / Ultraman) type formula of show.
,Recommended,251130,16049164,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Huey Lewis Fan,"Great tactics RPG with an awesome sentai spin, with some problems regarding game balance. Needs a pass or two regarding the balance for the mech fights, and some season opening difficulty spikes. Don't play on hard if you're not prepared to fail episodes and lose fans at least once each season.DON'T NEGLECT YOUR MECH!"
,Recommended,251130,16053224,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,MarktheSkeleton,This game rocks my socks off!
76561198036211898,Recommended,251130,16057177,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,iiiiimik,"Fun, addictive, easy to get in to. Recommended for fans of pixel art, super sentai shows, colours, tactical RPGs and humour."
76561198084179043,Recommended,251130,16069200,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Galakz,Fire Emblem X Power Rangers = Chroma Squad aka Greatness
,Recommended,251130,15908251,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Rambo Dash,"Named all my sentai rangers ""buttcheeks""11/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,251130,15937513,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,bee,go go legally distinct from the power rangers heroes! mighty transforming totally not the power rangers heroes!
76561198034575143,Recommended,251130,15937523,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,(งಠ_ಠ)ง Jiggly Tuff,"This game is absolutely delightful, both as a tactical RPG and as a cheery nod to our favorite action shows."
,Recommended,251130,15937585,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Jermaine Woolworths,Veri nice 10/10
,Recommended,251130,15942335,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,JammySplodge,"Yes, all of the yes, buy this game, you won't regret it10/10 would sentaii again"
76561198034117535,Recommended,251130,16080416,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,melodramatic,"Epic tactical battles and cheesy dialogue, pure gold."
76561198026492484,Recommended,251130,15863666,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Overlord Mickey,"I grew up watching Saiban's Power Rangers from the original season-, and everything about it speaks to my soul.  Here's hoping for a 2nd season!"
,Recommended,251130,15881120,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,daharok02514,THIS IS A FANTASTIC GAME I WOULD LOVE A NEW GAME +
,Recommended,251130,15921367,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,SenselessVirus,"The most fun I've had in ages. Definitely worth your money if you love Super Sentai/Power Rangers, Kamen Rider and Tokusatsu in general."
,Recommended,251130,15978789,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Spliff Bluntzinski,"For 15 or even 30 bones, you really can't do much better than Chroma Squad. Even if Power Rangers (or Super Sentai if you INSIST) isn't necessarily your jam, it hits all the right notes for making a good gaming experience through that Triple-A seems to have forgotten; It's fun. Fun. You remember that? You know, when you get giggles or smile? When you get drawn into the experience not because of the spectacle, but because the game directly involves you and lets you make it your own, that's how you make games fun.Throwing down on some details, here's some specifics of why it's already made my top ten for 2015 --Turn-Based strategy, not RPG. Think XCOM: EU, but with goddamn Power Rangers.-Customisation and upgrades for pretty much EVERYTHING.-Resource management that's more give-take than just your standard subtraction. It reminds me a lot of how the economy worked in Mechwarrior 2: Mercenaries, a type of economy system I feel got left by the wayside in favour of simpler/easier things that don't add any weight to your decisions.-Crafting, a system that is notorious for earning my ire by basically being utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t roughly a million per-cent of the time, actually makes some sort of sense in how components are named/what goes into what. It's also not needlessly complicated, which is a gigantic tick in my ""yes"" box.-It's got good moments of humour in it. It's not a comedy game, per se, but it knows not to take itself too seriously, and the humour it employs has a nice spectrum, from subtle pointing out of tropes, tongue-in-cheek, to bad puns, to breaking the fourth wall, and even some nice.... ""meta"" moments.-The art is nicely done, and consistent. While I can't say I have any particular love for the ""retro"" style that just about every indie game is doing, this one has really nicely animated sprites with a lot of good character to them as well as fun and well-done environments.In conclusion, if you're one of those indie-game wads that just can't get enough of retro-styled graphics, crafting and whatever, you should have already creamed your free-trade, locally sourced shorts just by looking at the game's trailer. But even if you're not, this is definitely a game worth playing if you just want to have some goddamn fun playing games for once."
76561198007907663,Recommended,251130,15978891,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[McD] BigMac,The Power Ranger game you've been looking for all this time! If you're a fan of strategy JRPG's then you will love this game. I wouldn't suggest this for someone who isn't a sentai or power ranger fan though.
76561198054973164,Recommended,251130,15852976,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,B4J33BUS,YOOOOOOOOOOOIt's Morphin' Time!
76561197991945435,Recommended,251130,15864651,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Hawkeye31,"Overall: 9/10Combat:  8/10:  Combat system consists of move and attack phase with the additional options to go into teamwork mode or use free actions.  You gain audience members as you defeat badguys, achieve mission objectives, and do special moves or use teamwork.  The common enemies are just that - common, you will see the same enemies throughout the game though they upgrade in power and stats (as do you).  The bosses are great, as with most of the game they are made with humor and they have unique skills and play styles.  There is another type of combat you go into, I dont want to spoil it but if you watched power rangers you probably know what it is.  Generally this mode of combat has you fighting and gaining combos which power up special moves.  During the enemy attack phase you play a mini game where you try to click at the right moment to minimize damage.  I give combat 8/10 because the difficulty scales weird.  I felt underpowered initially but by midway into the game I was stomping on most missions.K I'll finish this review later I gtg for now.  My Truly Honest Opinion: Get this game, you won't regret it.  It doesn't matter if you're a 90's kid or if you watched power rangers (though it makes it all the more better),  if you did not get any of its references or jokes I still feel this game is solid and worth the 15 dollars."
76561198085330625,Recommended,251130,15864861,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,MegaTacoExplosion,"Chroma Squad is full of style with its fun writing, simple yet engaging gameplay, and so close to copyright infringement for all its references it's not even funny. In the game you control a group of people that run a live-action power rangers rip off show where they fight evil baddies and have huge mecha fights.Before you start one of these levels though (referred to as episodes in game), you have to micromanage your money at your studio (It is a t.v. show after all), in this section you purchase upgrades for your studio and purchase equipment for characters and such and it is surprisingly engaging how much thought I personally put in to figure out where to put my resources, did I want to put more money towards purchasing materials to craft cardboard box equipment, or did I want to invest in marketing agencies to increase my fanbase and reap extra benefits for a few episodes? It gives you enough to manage without overwhelming you.The combat is your typical tactical rpg with skills and classes and such,however there is a nice little temawork mechanic where if you set a character to teamwork mode you can assist other teammates in team attacks and acrobatics for more movement adding a little extra depth to the combat. Mecha fights play differently as when you're fighting bigger monsters you play a sort of risk-reward turn based game, you basically have hit chance and damage multiplier, whenever you attack and hit the monster you get to keep combo-ing them with attacks and other abilities and as long as you land hits, for every successful hit your damage for the next attack goes up, however it has a lower chance of hitting and when you miss it becomes the monsters turn, this also employs a decent amount of strategy but can ultimately feel like luck sometimes, its still enjoyable and doesn't detract from the main gameWhen it comes to customization this game handles that aspect very well allowing customization of not only characters, but even the customization of the company, you can name the super hero squad whatever you like as well as the mechas and what they shout when they suit up, heck if you wanted to you could even theme the whole thing around butts! Butt Squad! Mecha Butt! Butter up! There is a great amount of customization in the game!Overall it comes down to this:Do you like Power ranger esque tactical rpgs with funny parody writing, lots of customization, and fun gameplay, while micromanaging your own butt studio?Then Chroma Squad is for you8/10"
76561198058743276,Recommended,251130,15820019,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,aeonofthelight,"Chroma Squad is a game for fans of the Sentai genre, filled with tropes, references, a comical story line, and some of the most random monsters people could come up with! Recommended!"
,Recommended,251130,15893808,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Renato Manchas,I can have a beaver called 'Beevs' as a ranger. 10/10
76561198128257999,Recommended,251130,15895286,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Donovan,"So it's about Power Rangers, it has good music, the art style is awesome. I want their action figures. Absolutely my favorite game of 2015 so far."
76561198054600288,Recommended,251130,15834028,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Smiley Trashbag,"Great Humor, tight game play, and unique RPG mechanics that play completely into the genre it honors. A game worthy every penny."
76561198044385269,Recommended,251130,15906582,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Tjackmit,"I haven't played many Tactical RPGs but this game is very enjoyable, both in its gameplay and its satire/parody. From trying to figure out how you're going to kick the crap out of a boss while dealing with his henchmen, or trying to figure out which ad agency to go with, the game has some surprising depth to it. It certainly has some places where I wish the developers had varied up the combat and non-combat gameplay. All in all, I really enjoy this game. Hopefully they'll expand on this game, or release a sequel."
76561198171510109,Recommended,251130,15834661,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MIKE20000,THIS GAME IS SO EPIC I RATE IT 200/10 NOW THIS GAME HAS TO BE THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED
,Recommended,251130,15840538,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Detective 0rdi,"Great gameplay, but bad dialogue."
76561198066136990,Recommended,251130,16027712,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,hobbled man,"Summary: The game is great only hindered by some difficulty issues and minor bugs. The games story and graphics are fantastic. Upgrading is satisfying and also takes a lot of thinking. Combat takes strategy and is near flawless, for the most part aside from the Mech battles difficulty spike.Lengthy-er Review: Combat is great, it takes a lot of strategy of what combinations of teamwork, and skills to boost your audience meter. The game lets you customize what your squads name is, transforming motto, and actor names. This makes the game feel way more your own and adds a lot of depth. The story is silly and over-the-top enough to feel very Sentai-like. The ""hub"" where you buy upgrades and items is another fantastic aspect of the game. Buying new items and mech parts, along with buying new marketers who can bring you special benefits depending on which person you sign a contract with. Replying to fan emails was also a joy to do. Now onto the cons. Mech fights are incredibly challenging even on normal mode, it took me NUMEROUS times to defeat most makes in the final 2 seasons. Mech fights also lack strategy and ends up mostly being dependent on luck. For example, for each punch you start off around 90% chance to hit, then goes down to around 80% for the next punch, and so on. Problem is healing skills require you to get around a 4x combo of punches to do any real healing, and so does the +Def move. It is nearly impossible to get consistent 4x combo, myself rarely even getting 3x combos. Even with that decent sized flaw it doesn't take away too much from the game, it is still fantastic and charming. All the pro's easily out weigh the cons.Rating: 9/10"
76561198140719762,Recommended,251130,16027911,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,TheA1abamaGamer,A really well made yet simple. Yet has a few annoying bugs. Overall 9/10. The story is good and can give you a laugh.
,Recommended,251130,16018485,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Microsoft Excel,This an amazing. U must get itttttt!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,251130,16012072,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,thade,"It's not the best tactics game, but it's got more heart and soul than any game I can remember playing. The devs clearly have real love for the genre and for their game. It's a bit rough around the edges but worthwhile.The Teamwork mechanic is brilliant: it's both a fun tactics gameplay mechanic and beautifully appropriate for sentai."
76561197984507683,Recommended,251130,15806835,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,RavenS89,"Here is a review I wrote for the website Indie Game Source.http://indiegamesource.com/igs/reviews/chroma-squad-review-go-go-not-power-rangers-r218TL;DRPros:+Fun and flashy combat that does a nice job replicating battles from popular super sentai shows+Lighthearted and humorous writing that is appropriately cheesy and over-the-top+Bright, expressive pixel art+Overall oozes charm and nostalgia; better than the sum of it's parts and a must play for anyone who grew up watching shows like Power RangersCons:-Combat isn't particularly complex, especially the mecha segments-The same environments and director instructions are reused a bit too often; not enough variety in ""episodes""-Still a number of bugs to work outUltimately, your enjoyment of the game really comes down to how much super sentai you've seen. The game relies a lot on Power Rangers nostalgia and poking fun at the genre's various quirks and tropes."
,Recommended,251130,15808524,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SwordMaster7777,"Chroma Squad is an amazing game where you delve into the makings of a Super Sentai studio. It's like a business tycoon, a tactical RPG, and a customization rainbow stuffed into an amazing masterpiece of a sandwich!I honestly can't remember how I stumbled across this gem, but when I saw it, I fell in love with it and I had to have it. I'm glad that I did stumble acorss this, 'cuz I've had the funnest time playing Chroma Squad, the most enjoyable game I've come across in a while. In the first week of owning it, this game was what I'd play every night if I wasn't busy. It's extremely addicting, and while the story seems to start out at a good pace, things escalate quickly later on, providing great plot twists that keep the story immensely interesting.With those opening comments out of the way, let's list the pros and cons.Pros:~A great level of customization with a plethora of actors, colors, and equipment to choose from, heck, even the mechs have a good level of customization.~A great soundtrack. I persoanlly am a big fan of the 8-bit/chiptune style of music, it reminds of the days of arcades and gameboys. Any chiptune lover would listen to the soundtrack over and over again. If you like the music, get the reasonably priced soundtrack. Not only does it help support the devs, but you get to listen to your favorite groovy tunes from the game anytime you want.~Cool graphics. if you like these kinds of pixely games or pixel art in general, this is a game for you.~The storyline. I've said it before: It's interesting with a great pace.~The play time. It took me about 22 hours to get through my first playthrough of the game, on the normal difficulty setting. And that's just for one of 3 endings that the game has to offer. Depending on the difficlty level you're playing and the time spent jamming out to the music, the time to get all the endings can range from 50 hours to 70 hours. Great amount of gameplay.~The achievements. There's not hundreds of them like their are in other games, and most of them are pretty easy to get, you just need to play the game accordingly. I got over half the achievements on my first playthrough. (Though I guess they could add some ones in the future that require DLC.) If you're not an achievement hunter, that's all right, it could just be a fun side quest. This game has enough play-achievement balance that you don't need to dedicate hundreds of hours to get all of them.~Difficalty settings. This is always a great feature to have in a game. The difficulties are casual, interesting, and challenging, ehich translates to easy, normal, hard respectively. If you're new to this type of game and/or want to focus on the story, play the game on casual. If you've played these games before and like a nice balance of story and challenge, interesting's your cuppa joe. If you like a challenge, like good planning, and you aren't afraid to lose a little to win a little, challenging is just the right fit.~Nice balance of battle and management. Not only do you fight with your heroes, you need to check and maintain their gear in order to beat the enemies that get more difficult as time progresses, as well as answer emails from fans, manage production companies, and upgrade your small warehouse studio as time goes on.~A great price. This game is relatively well priced, and will provide hours of fun and enjoyment that for most of you will be the best entertainment you've had in a while. At 15 American dollars for the game, with 5 additional for the soundtrack DLC, 20 dollars is a great price for this game. (Without DLC, the game is about 10 British pounds, 13 with DLC, for those of you in the UK)Cons:~Though the customization is great, it would be a little better if there was more actors to choose form to play your characters.~Though it has a great storyline, playing it for the second time, at first, can seem kind of repetitive, and I found it hard to emotionally invest myself into the second set of characters. If you feel the same way, I advise taking a break for a month or two, so the shine of this game doesn't get burnt out.~Dr. Mi ahOtherwise, this is a great game, and if you were a fan of the Power Rangers when you were a kid, you're going to love this, although prior association is not required for this to be a great game. I personally thought ths was an amazing game.I give Chroma Squad a 9.7/10Happy Chromatizing!"
76561198007941976,Recommended,251130,15930846,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,darth_bobcat,"This game may have been released too soon. Once it's fully bug tested and no longer freezes during the interminably long last mission (which I finished after 7 attempts and two weeks), this game is a 4/5. As it stands, with these glitches, it's a 2/5.Positives:- The idea is well thought out and utilized.- The main RPG game is fun and entertaining, and fairly deep.- The fourth wall breaks and overall sense of humor are fun.- Customization- you can change your team's name and their various battle cries. These make the in game dialogue awesome at times. (No, Bill, of course you're as important as anyone else in Sakura and the Rest!) I'd like more costume choices, but what's there is fine.Negatives:- The mecha missions are incredibly dull, since it always comes down to the same exact fight (punch punch punch punch special. Click to lesson damage. Click to lessen damage. Click to lessen damage. Punch punch punch punch block.) A few of the enemies have very slow animation that makes the battles even MORE interminable, especially the Barney parody. I changed the mecha summoning catch phrase to ""Let's Get This Over With!"" I seriously dreaded them every time.- Glitches. These are the game's current biggest issue. They seem to be clearing up, but they kept me from finishing the last mission for two weeks, which destroyed the game's momentum and my interest in pursuing the other alternate endings. Buyer beware.- The last mission. There's a plot twist in that last mission that changes who the villain is that makes it less satisfying. I didn't get the final battle I REALLY wanted.Overall, this game is a lot of fun and incredibly imaginative. Once it's fully polished, I recommend it. Just check out the community board before buying and make sure that things have been cleared up."
,Recommended,251130,16371395,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,lk_tommy,Fun and addictive but sadly very repetitive. Would love to see more variation in the missions.
76561198181587198,Recommended,251130,16307998,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Denaran,"If you are a power rangers fan you HAVE to pick this one up. Even if you're not a fan of the rangers (I never really watched the show) this is a great game.  The whole thing is so wonderfully ridiculous and corny.  I couldn't stop grining as I played through the first thirty minutes of the game with all the posing and silly one-liners, not to mention the narractor who can't grammar.  And it just keeps getting better and better.All that being said. If you're looking for a challenging tatical rpg that brings ground breaking mechanics to the table, this is not that game.Though, If you are looking for a fun and interesting game that can make you laugh then I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198075150359,Recommended,251130,16216613,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,xenoleingod,This game has to be the greatest tokusatsu game i ever played  its got a lot of depth  great storyline that  supposedly c has multiple paths and ending tho i have only completed 1 storyline thought i wish there was more diversity with the  squad setip ( u got ur classic  melee   ranged  dps rougue and healer setup) and mre skil  options as they generally give u  passive/active  battle combo or   ones that help you gain more audience power to transfrom ur heroes  fasterAll in All solid gameplay great    visuals     good story worth every penny i  really hope for a sequel10/10 will hensin again
,Recommended,251130,26469207,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,|NRAC| Spike,"They make you write something or you can't even leave feedback at all  ""yeah it's worth it."" is all I want to say. You know what works well for that? A quick thumbs up."
76561198128407759,Recommended,251130,26763136,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Narwhal_King04,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. The customiazation is amazing, allowing you to get multiple types of weapons and armors that adds a whole new level of strategy. The game itself is fun and tactical, making you feel like a super hero from a Sentai show. There's only one thing I don't like about this game: Fighting an enemy who you have to do a group attack on, but he can teleport. That is my only bad thing to say about it. I recommend getting this whenever you can."
76561198141366492,Recommended,251130,20554922,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Protoman Red Bomber,"A Love letter to 90's sentai series and tactical rpg fans. So light, yet so addicting."
,Recommended,251130,28317897,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Doctor Phoenix,"One of the best games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. I wnat more of this game so much. Let's go over the pros and cons!Pros:-Amazing Toku References-Customizable Characters-Colour Customiation for Rangers-In Depth Studio Upgrades-Awesome Music!-Multiple Endings which are all amazing!-The Meta HumorCons:-No Official New Game+-No Mod Support-No Extra Classes-Pretty Short-Fairly EasyI'd recommend the game to strategy and toku nerds, but besides that without DLC or any added on content I feel the game lacks in content. I have great faith in the developers that they'll add these things and hopefully more soon, so that's why I'm recommending it for everyone."
,Recommended,251130,28716737,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Alien Freak,"This game is basically my childhood in RPG form. I grew up watching ""Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers"" and other sentai-like shows so I was pretty excited when this game originally came out. The grammatical errors bother me sometimes, but then again I think that was an intentional homage on the developer's part. Other than that, the game is pretty much flawless. Highly recommended."
76561198137955265,Recommended,251130,28705411,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Triton,"Ahhh Chroma Squad, where to begin... I know!TL;DRChroma squad is a fantastic action startegy game with an in depth, self aware story. With a well written set of dialogue, and a surprisingly deep combat system Chroma Squad is sure to please strategy fans... even if you haven't seen power rangers!Chroma Squad, in an depth action strategy game that never ceases to amaze me! With large a (and albeit, very obvious) inspiration from Sabans Power Ranger. Chroma Squad is a game that will make you want to relive your childhood... and at the same time want to destroy it. You see Chroma Squad's difficulty system can be changed on the fly for those of you who don't want to think... If you do enjoy a challenge however, play the game on hard mode (warning! PLAN ABOUT THREE STEPS AHEAD ON HARD). This game can, and will kick you in the rear so hard you won't remember what you planned to do afterwards.Chroma Squad has a very (from what I have played) unique system called teamwork. This system allows your teamates to perform double, tiple, even quadruple attacks (similar fire emblem fates), but there is a catch... teamwork is the only way to use your finisher (a vital tool later on) , and can allow your team to move further on the set! Now you may be wondering what can make this game so difficult, IMO I believe Chroma Squad is one of the few games that got difficulty right. It doesn't just swarm you with hundreds of cheap, or extremely powerful enemies, atleast not in the beginning. Chroma Squad has a real sense of growth meaning that as you get stronger the game can and WILL adapt.Mecha battles, this feature surprised me. when I had my first mecha battle I was pleasently surprised. Though simple the mecha battle can really make you question your ""startegic genius"" and really mke you pull your hair out if not careful.To sum it up, this game seems very simple, and easy on your first run. That fact can be a lie, the game can be very challenging to the extreme on the harder difficulties, and the AI can be very ruthless and capitalize on every mistake you make. The premise is great, and the game has this atmosphere that I find hard to explain, but enjoy. The mecha battles are a nice break from the normal gameplay. Worth a buy. if you watched Power Rangers for sure!My score: 5/5 (6/5 if you enjoyed Power Rangers as a child)"
,Recommended,251130,16969553,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Mexilhãozinho shippuden,the best brazilian game ever
76561198037424717,Recommended,251130,23354919,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,NorseBoris,"While fairly simple, this RTS/RPG has players fighting not only to win, but winning WITH STYLE."
,Recommended,251130,23409021,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,accelcrow,love it
76561197976652141,Recommended,251130,23441642,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ChaosCoyote,"Love the game! It does have a good feel of a Power Rangers style and story line, granted garage band style."
,Recommended,251130,23440432,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MadRick,The Combat is GreatMake you feel like a kid again.A really fun game.Score 7/10
,Recommended,251130,23206435,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Venetia,"This game is absolutely adorable. The art, writing, music -- it's all just too damn cute. I really love it.It's not deep -- the strategy is always fairly simple, and towards the end, somewhat repetitive. If you're looking for 90+ hours of customization and grueling, meat-grinding tactical battles, try Wasteland 2 or Xenonauts. But if you're looking for an extremely light-hearted game with nostalgia and adorableness oozing from every pixel, this is a really fun way to blow some hours. The battles ARE occasionally somewhat difficult, too.I hope these guys go on to make a sequel, and add some depth, additional content, and better crafting/skill balance.But despite its flaws, it's really worth a play if you've ever been a fan of giant robots, Power Rangers, or simple turn-based strategies."
,Recommended,251130,23664292,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kaigen The Kat,A must have for any RPG fan or a fan of power rangers!
76561198049299573,Recommended,251130,23639710,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Gaming Racsal,My son inspired me to get the game as he loves power rangers aso i got the game as something me and him could do together now i find myself unable to put it down brilliantly fun whilst making you think of the best way to deal with each battle well written with several funny gags which will make you chuckle with some good team customisation available and mech customisation aswell
,Recommended,251130,23811868,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,jayclayflayday,"If you love turn-base RPG's, this game is a must play. Chroma Squad was everything I was hoping it to be and more."
,Recommended,251130,23820745,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"TLDR:Gameplay - 10Music - 10Story/Writing - 10Nostalgia - 10Chance for Enemies to Dodge Attacks - OP_____________________________________________________________________Still in ""Season 1"" and this game is great. My only complaint is that their hardest difficulty is too hard.There are objectives to fulfill in each mission, for example: Kill all enemies in 4 turnsAnd it feels like the enemies dodge more often on round 4 than they do the previous 3.  I've had to restart more than a handful of times because of this.Another objective might be: Kill the boss with a finishing moveWhich requires all 5 party members to be alive, so if one of your members gets KO'd then tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ Which is especially hard when the Season 1 boss has 2000HP and you hit for 60-100 each person. You can team-attack for about 400-600 but that requires all party members to be right up next to the bad guy, which sounds easy enough, but as you get hit your players get knocked back depending on where they get hit from so your players will fall out of range of team attacks.Oh, and the healer can heal allies but can't heal itself?It feels like I just have to keep restarting the mission until I get lucky enough to finally pass, which to a certain degree I can understand because I don't want my wins to be handed to me, but my tactics (in a tactical-RPG) should not be undermined by something as whimsical as ♥♥♥♥ing RNG-dodging."
,Recommended,251130,22578952,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[ZJ] Holy Moley csgo500,INDIE SHOW HOST SIMULATOR 2016
,Recommended,251130,22624011,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,BrevonUltima349,"Any fan of Power Rangers/Super Sentai will be delighted by this game, even if tactical RPGs aren't your thing."
76561198055677938,Recommended,251130,22660799,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,FizzyBits,This game is everything I wanted a power Ranger game to be.
76561198198704638,Recommended,251130,22590376,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CursedMusic6081,"This game is fabulous, if you like Fire Emblem and some other tactical RPGs. I think it's a very well designed game, based on the Power Rangers, and I have to say, it's if you mix Indie Dev Sim. with Fire Emblem, and Power Rangers. It's that good."
,Recommended,251130,16090542,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,unfamous,"It's as if a second rate Power Rangers met XCOM: Enemy Unknown gameplay. And it it GLORIOUS! You control a team of five, and film the action scenes of each episode, sometimes using your mecha at the end of each segment. A fantastic game all in all."
,Recommended,251130,16217291,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,i-like-tacos256,It has the end game ever in gaming history and an amazing final boss
,Recommended,251130,16178680,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Wayve,"Well I don't know HOW nor WHY i love this game....but i do... You may be wondering: Why would you hate this game? Well it's not the power ranger theme cause i loved the show when i was a kid; no it's the fact i hate, and i mean ""hate with a burning passion that wishes the genre to die out and never return"" hate, tile based stratagy games...but when i played this...when i started playing Chroma Squad...something was VERY different. The fights never over stay their welcome in the easy mode, the challenge of the higher difficulties are fairly noticable (though they need to stop fixing what was already a good game), and it's just fun to make up your own power rangers team name and special lines. the upgrading system is all based on the items you buy or craft so you be really tanky or deal ALL the damage. my only issue is the craftable armours and weapons aren't as good as the shop items thanks to RNG-ness deciding if the weapon has an attack buff at all and lator shop items tend to be weaker in weapon but not in attack base making more about using your basic attack then anything else but it's sad saying even THAT is better then hoping to get a good weapon via craft... It's a great game despite that and for someone who hates ""Move guy to enemy to attack them"" styled fights that's saying something!"
76561198101270438,Recommended,251130,16179869,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,EvenUpset,"i love this game, hilarious and definitely worth both the time and the money"
,Recommended,251130,16236169,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Garlyle Wilds,"It's a little unrefined in some ways - the writing's a bit awkward/forced at times, certain aspects are a bit underdevelopped (Kaiju fights are shallow, crafting is largely unnecessary even on the hardest difficulty)But it's legitimately great fun.  It's just bursting with spirit and charm and energy and that can really be felt and appreciated.  Soundtrack's pretty damn awesome too.  Do the thing, get the game."
,Recommended,251130,16418492,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MJC l WhitelightningTwister,"This is just Unbelieveable. my mind has been blown by this game, i want more of this like i can't get enough. Their is so much awesomeness stuffed in to this one little packet i need more!, its just too goooooood!.Chroma SQUAD !!!!!!!If you like Power rangers, and a combination of Tactical RPG, with a Good gameplay and an amazing story try this as soon as possible!.You won't regret it!  10/10 all the wayIve spent 19 straight playing this, probly unhealthy BUT ITS SO GOOD-Reference- ALL HAIL CARDBOARD BOXES!"
76561198079796379,Recommended,251130,16319884,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,chimin_guito,"Very good game. It took me about 10 hours to beat it and I already started a new game to see the alternate endings. The tactics are simple, yet appealing. At first I started to complain about the story , but then I realized how well it served its purpose of simulating a sentai show, enhancing the game experience. It would certainly welcome many things to improve itself, like  diferent paths from the start of the game or a more diverse skill tree for each character, but even so this game is without a doubt a good one from the developers and , even better, has HUGE potential to grow. Looking forward to the mecha rework (and maybe a buff to alien?) 8/10"
,Recommended,251130,20343974,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,TiMMaHnaTor,"I own KoPaP, Which first introduced me to what this studio can do. Knights of Pen and Paper is a fun little RPG that proves turn-based battling is not dead, as much as Sqaure Enix wants to believe. Chroma Squad is a super amazing turn based game that combines Power Rangers shamelessly with the level of strategy of a game like Final Fantasy Tactics, with a bright, humorous and atypical sentai storyline. I love it."
76561198146038832,Recommended,251130,20363274,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,abraham.a.white94,This game is slightly addictive. I really enjoy games like Final Fatasy Tactics and Fire Emblem. This game is very simular to those with one defining difference. Please the Fans. I have played company simulators but this adds a major twist. Being a Power Ranger fan this was also a plus. If your into good strategy based games then you should enjoy this.
,Recommended,251130,20361452,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Muradin Padlock Fanboy,"I always dreamed of fighting squirrels while I wear a plastic bucket on my head. I also dreamed that I was a stunt actor, but that's not important. This game has fufilled my dreams! (The first dream) 10/10 great music, great story, great costumes!"
76561198066118523,Recommended,251130,20006400,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Maroyasha,Squad Name = Diddle SquadUltimate Attack = Scrotum Tickle10/10 Would Recommend
,Recommended,251130,20012505,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MBickert,Great game.
,Recommended,251130,20073053,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hypnotiix,Having a great time with this game!
,Recommended,251130,20067748,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CheeseDAWG1127,Great for fans of Power Rangers and XCOM.
,Recommended,251130,20098978,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,NorthernBaron,A fun tactical RPG and has a good sense of humor
76561197974293834,Not Recommended,251130,20133082,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,General Solid Nick Rico,"I wanted to like this game. The concept of former stuntmen making their own TV studio that you control mixed in with strategy RPG combat was a fresh idea in a landscape full of zombie survival games and minecraft clones. But having just finished the game, it failed to deliver on so many levels.PROS:- Great overall concept.  Run a TV studio while having your stuntment meet certain criteria in strategy RPG battles.- The art style is interesting and has character.  The costumes pay homage to the various costumes seen in shows like Power Rangers.- The music works well enough for what it is.CONS:- The studio management aspect of the game is very under developed.  Most of the choices, from the type of camera you use to the marketing agency that you hire, are shallow and don't offer more than slight bonuses here and there.  For example, you can have your marketing agency put up your actors for an award, but all that will do is increase your fan power, which is used to activate marketing agency policies.- Objectives in battle could have been more varied.  As it is, there are 3 primary objectives that you'll see:  1. Kill X amount of enemies, maybe with Y time; 2. Kill the boss with a team member/team attack/finishing move; 3.  Keep everyone alive/above 50% health.   This is disappointing because, being a TV show that you make, you could have gone with more interesting objectives, especially if you the player could set them.- The writing is not very good.  The story seems to be unsure on whether it wants to play a particular scene straight or comically, and so flip flops between the two extremes awkwardly.  In addition, the story progression is very clunky and poorly executed.- The game is unfunny.  Most of the ""humor"" comes from blatant references to pop culture outside of the genre (such as a Robocop/Tiger hybrid.  That's it, that's the joke), with a smattering of poorly constructed puns to tie it all together.- The localization is not very good.  The game was clearly translated by somebody that does not have very good command of the English language, as much of the text and dialogue just reads wrong to a native English speaker.  Getting a decent writer would fix this and some of the previous issue."
76561198019921917,Recommended,251130,19876928,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gren,"This game has a lot of heart, and is a good mix between difficult and innovative, if I had to try to think of one negative thing about the game, i'd say that it could use one or two more tracks, the music occasionally gets repetitive. Otherwise this game is a 9.5/10 for me"
76561198036741505,Recommended,251130,20730743,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Decathect,"After playing this game all the way throught I can say its worth it.  There might not be a lot of replayability until after a new game + is implemented.  One thing I will say is that on normal difficulty the game is very easy until season 5, then the difficulty seems to spike up very hard. The problem is the next difficulty up seems to be way to hard. I wish they would iron out the difficulty spikes and make it a much smoother ramp up."
,Recommended,251130,24053026,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SasoriAnka,One of the best tatical rpg indie of pc.
,Recommended,251130,24825292,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Numor,Funny characters and story. Great combat with a actual challenge. Power rangers are the best!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198004897476,Recommended,251130,25392191,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Traskelion,"A light RPG about not just defeating your enemies, but about looking cool while doing it.The mechanics of this game are most certainly simple and trimmed down enough that it will be coming out on mobile.  Still provides enough fiddling with equipment, marketing choices, upgrade options, and whatnot to give you something to do.  You are to gather Audience during each Episode (mission), so alongside trying to make sure you win (which on the medium difficulty I never felt too pressured about), you are also to coordinate team attacks and acrobatics, fulfilling the optional objectives of that mission, trying to get the last blow on the boss to be a Finishing Move, and whatever else will excite your audience, and thus gain you Fans and Money.  You can customize your super group down to their respective color themes, names, catch-phrases, and so forth.  The songs fit the mood of the moment splendidly, and I'll likely be buying the soundtrack later.Seeing as I usually prefer more complexity to my RPG's, it's hard for me to indicate exactly what drove me to like this game as much as I did.  Maybe it was just fighting an obvious reference to Barnie to Dinosaur in my Mecha as we towered over the city, combo-ing fists and lasers before I miss and lose the initiative.  Maybe it was the progression of starting as a low-budget series fighting a guy with a traffic cone on his head, up to a full-fledged studio.  Maybe I'm just vain, and desire as many Fans as I can get by being Cool Guy in front of a camera, with a charisma and acting talent I could never attempt in real life.The point is, I got genuinely excited during some of the pivotal battles in this game, and that's deserving of praise."
,Recommended,251130,25436376,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Erilis,"If you're a 90s kid and watched Power Rangers get this game now. I loved every second of it. Even though I usually don't like turn-based combat I had a blast! The soundtrack is great and it's just charming all around. Lots of customization of characters (name, color, fighting style, etc)."
,Recommended,251130,25469411,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Nuss,"An entertaining deconstruction of indie TV shows, Japanese ""kaiju"" shows and Power Ramgers ripoff. Rated R for Randomness"
,Recommended,251130,25473658,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Nechronome,I completly loved this game.It's a management turn based rpg with an awesome and hilarous story.The game is full with jokes and interesting story.Every level is the backstage of a power rangers like episod.Totally worth $15 and if you find this game in discount don't even doubt it.
,Recommended,251130,25477382,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,fireravensad,"Being a kid that grew up on Power Rangers, Godzilla, and Dungeons and Dragons, this little gem of a Turn-Based-Strategy and Role Playing hybrid is a great game. I enjoyed every little bit of it, and though it doesn't leave much in the way of replay value, it has a neat little episodic style story-line that will bring back a lot of memories and happy days.8/10"
,Recommended,251130,25573826,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jiro the Machine,"Pretty fun, not my favorite game but enjoyable so far."
,Recommended,251130,24365222,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,sammy2012chavez,very awesome game strongly reccomend
76561198125105661,Recommended,251130,24647857,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,AstroWolf,"This game's commercial really caught my eye a few christmas sales ago (maybe 2015). I loved watching power rangers every Saturday morning as a kid ,but the shows were always too short of a dosage to quench my thirst for hot spandex action so I seeked video ""games based"" on the show. Sadly all the games were poorly made and had nothing to do with the show. However, this game is fantastic it fills all my desires and expectations of a Super Sentai game. You can customize your teams colors, suits, weapons, skills, and OMG the mecha.The Mecha is cutomizable limb by limb and if u give it a sword it can use it!!!."
76561198154542785,Recommended,251130,24551482,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Prinnygeo,Great game for any fan of both strategy rpgs and sentai tv shows. If you grew up with Power Rangers this is your game.
,Recommended,251130,24599162,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Crazy,"I had so much fun playing this game!It is funny, and very polished, despite its simplicity!Anyone who likes tactical rpgs, should play this!"
76561197985604447,Recommended,251130,24398199,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,speider,"That was 20 hours that I don't regret.Creating your own ""power-rangers""-team, and playing them through meta-scenarios while making a studio and buying plastic swords was a great ride. Because I named all my characters after friends, the banter ended up being eerily similar to if I had written it myself, which was great.Tactical turn based fighting is fun, and the added focus on teamwork and stunts on partners made it even better.I would have loved even more characters to play through the game with, and even more weapons and gear to craft and buy. I guess it's not too negative that I want more of what's already in the game.The pacing of seasons is a great idea and works well, allowing the game to be played in episodes or seasons if you want. I rarely complete games, but this one was fab, and I'll probably play it through at least one more time.Had been 8/10, but because the price point is what it is, given the production values, I'll put this at a 10/10.No game is perfect, and everything can be improved, but if 10 is an obtainable number, and considering the price, then yeah. One of my favourite new games."
76561198071947473,Recommended,251130,27032064,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Instigator,"Incredibly cute and true to the hilariously-bad writing of the genre it so aptly parodies. If you liked XCOM and grew up watching Power Rangers, this is probably a game just for you."
76561198248714336,Recommended,251130,30929164,Posted: 3 April,all,lucky_charm888,I already adore this game in the first five minutes.
76561197977644839,Recommended,251130,27047408,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Lost,I love it.
76561198011850783,Recommended,251130,27167038,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Genisaurus,"I love everything about this game. I love that it's a tribute to my childhood, I love the simple but well-designed gameplay, and I love the story."
76561198254855294,Recommended,251130,27370312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shirokuma,"Well,its chroma squad. And guess whos back to make crap reviews. LET'S A GO:Postives:Musics pretty good, although if your expecting instruments, look somewhere else. Its Bit-Music, but its very catchy regardless.The gameplay is Similar to Fire Emblem and whatnot. You have a few skills to choose from, and you get 5 classes:Lead,Tech,Scout,Support,and Strength. You can choose who has what role, and each character has Boosts, and disadvantages to some fields.The story is similar to Power Rangers, execpt with a pretty decent twist at the end. Why would i say who it is? :3Not many glitches atleast that i saw, so its polished.Now for some Bads:GOOD LUCK. This game is HARD sometimes, brutal even. Some bosses are just ridiculous with how hard they are,dare i say unfair. Although this usually isint the case,so thats good.Tammy is broken to hell n back, trust me.The crafting system is a little meh, its hard to get the materieals you need for some stuff. Once you play a stage its gone, so thats why its difficult to say good about this. However you can get boxes of the materieals you need, but thats random with whatcha get.The games Mecha battles,while you have a Crutch, are still sometimes INSANE with unfairness. Go watch NicoB's lets play for example. But heres one from me:Multiple times, i have missed the second punch. Its a luck-based thing, where the higher the combo,the lesser the chance of it hitting. There is nothing like this outside Mecha,so dont worry.The upgrades to your studio should be a One-time buy, and not allways cutting into your paycheck. I belive thats how it works, but i could be wrong,it wasent explained very well.Overall,its a 4/5. (Its because theres 5 party members. Hahahah-Killmethatslame.)"
,Recommended,251130,22694449,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,fwGuedes,"Very FunIf you Like Power Rangers or Super Sentai you'll loveit's very limited, you cannot walk in the world of the game and can only do what is on the script, but, you know,that is the story of the game, so... it's okay"
76561197999455720,Recommended,251130,16480121,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Andross,"Im giving this a positive review because it has deserved it.The only reason you should not buy this game is if you absolutely HATE tactical RPGs.Otherwise get it.+Fluid and well done Pixel Art+FANTASTIC Music+Fun and simple tactical combat. But not easy peasy if you let your guard down!+Enjoyable if somewhat predictable story that, if you dont take it too seriously, is a great experience all the way. Plenty of 4th wall breaking too+Massive quantity of customization. From outfit colours, to the actors inside the suits, to the effing Catchphrases to transform and the one to call your Mecha.+Lots of items to craft and buy to outfit your characters and give them different attributes. RPG veterans will spend quite a while in the room outfitting-You won't get too many abilities in this game overall for your actors. And the classes are set. Just a little thing that might just be me nitpicking.-If you fail an Episode, or decide to restart it, getting to the point you were at, skipping all the text is a bit tedious. I did feel like I was being punished for restarting the mission, instead of going through and failing it and taking a hit in my fanbase. But its the same for failing.-A few hilarious but present Graphical glitches, which luckily did not harm my gameplay. The most common one for me were my actors greeting clone version of themselves in the studio interface.LIGHTS,CAMERA,CHROMATIZE!"
76561198010800156,Recommended,251130,16483205,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Austamos,"I bought this game on a whim, and I don't regret it.  I really enjoyed the fast paced combat, the crafting, and studio upgrade system.  I thought I'd have an issue that the squad really only levels up through gear you equip, but it didn't actually bother me that much.  You get a new ability every season, so that in its own, felt kind of like progression.I didn't care for the mecha fights so much, it was cool at first, but got boring fast.I played on the hardest difficulty, having little experience in Tactical RPGs, but I ended up have only a few issues until the final boss, where the difficulty amped up big time.If you like fast paced Tactical RPG's, you'll like this."
,Recommended,251130,16484537,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rhodesia Steve,"It's really fun, and the music's nice. The graphics could be a little better, even for sprites, but they're still charming. I feel like the creator/creators are subtley pushing their opinions/ideals through the game, and it's a turn off. But, the game's fun enough to let me ignore it."
,Recommended,251130,16484660,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Matchwho,"Fantastic game, highly addictive. You can tell a lot of time and thought was put into thos game, worthy of the money. Cannot belive I didn't buy this sooner! Highly reccomend."
76561198078224400,Recommended,251130,16487433,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Quintus,"Great game, I played it for 3 hours strait after I got it.Pros: Good combat mechanics, fun (cheesy) storyline, and amazing conceptCons: It's kind of easy as tactical games go, it won't provide a ton of challenge, but it is hard enough to be fun.My biggest problem is when the game changes from the TV view to normal view when you load your game or start a episode. It gives me a really bad migraine after a some time, but that's my only really problem with the game."
76561198018759539,Recommended,251130,16526777,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TheAbominableDan,"Fun is the best way to describe this game. If you have any love at all for Sentai series', tactical rpgs, or indie games with something to offer you should check this out. Great colours, an awesome soundtrack, and a nifty teamwork system make playing this game a joy. It gets a little grindy in the way most tactical rpgs do, but don't let that scare you off."
76561198133162204,Recommended,251130,16532148,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,THE ANGRY NUKE,Best game ever! lots of fun and replay value so it never ends
,Recommended,251130,16817834,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,wscarb14,Created myself to be the perfect lead. My cardboard helmet is sexy. Season 1 goes well. Director tries to sue me. I rek his lawyer. Case closed. Season 2. Still fine. Season 3. Male Space Lady GaGa give me mind control device. No option to refuse. I take. I become ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. My friends are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Space alien brain frees us. All monsters are now aliens it is no longer a game. I realize I keep getting rekt because I'm still wearing cardboard armor. Upgrade. Rek aliens.11/322 Would get rekt by Male Space Lady GaGa again.(But seriously buy this game)
,Recommended,251130,16466481,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Squall Charlson,"Tokusatsu fans will also enjoy this immensely.I was a bit skeptical at first, but the battle system, story and the humor (Sun Vulcan references in the first ten minutes of play) have already sold me on this game. I'm missing work tomorrow to play this game more.Why can't I have a cool uncle who leaves me a warehouse!?"
,Recommended,251130,16468100,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Spooky Boogie,A lot more entertaining than I was expecting. I definitely recommend that you pick this game up.
,Recommended,251130,16468158,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ForceFlow,"A power rangers inspire strategy fighter. The pixelated artstyle is fantastic, the humour is brilliant, the music is so very fitting.The story is about a group of disgruntled stunt actors forming their own studio to produce a power ranger/ super sentai series without network interfierence. The story is played out in episodes and seasons, with the studio inbetween for upgrades, equipment, ability management and mecha construction.Each customisable character has their own abilities and personality, fights have a big reliance on team-work and the more stunts and team attacks and director instructions you pull off, the bigger audience you get, which nets you more money, more marketing and a bonus later on.I highly recommend it to anyone even vaguely interested!"
,Recommended,251130,16460421,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Beastman,This game is everything I wanted it to be.  Gutted I missed the kickstarter.  Worthy of mention is the soundtrack its fantastic!  Just such a breath of fresh air like their other games.  Maybe originality isn't dead just yet.
,Recommended,251130,16463312,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MK_Atlas,I'M 30 MINUTES IN TO THIS BUT IT ALREADY SEEMS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
76561198068569276,Recommended,251130,16465477,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Linwood,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't ever write reviews. Never waste the time on them. But this game? THIS ♥♥♥♥ing game? Beautiful. 10/10. Would reccomend. Went into it, expecting Fire Emblem and Power Rangers. And got pretty much that. Also lost like 6 hours and it's now 4 in the morning because THIS GAME IS SO ADDICTING. 10/10. But it for your kids. Buy it for your dog. Don't buy it for your dog. Buy it for your dog twice. Perfect. I wish I had more money to throw at developers. Not even just for the soundtrack. I honestly believe this game is worth more than the (around) 14 dosh I payed for it. Music is so catchy, and almost makes me feel like I'm watching Power Rangers as a kid again at times. Dialogue is catchy and clever. Only on like the 4th season (chapter) and the story is already so solid. Take notes other developers, this a good♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198091949345,Recommended,251130,28202664,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,LeoJFBR,What seemed like a weak title turned out (or chromatized!) into being a small masterpiece!Really fun game! There's not a single thing I would change about it...Story: great. Playability: great. Art: great. Music: great.
,Recommended,251130,28080020,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ProxZ,"Really great and simple tactical RPG. I like how easy it is to just pick up and play without stressing too much about minmaxing. It's not as deep as XCOM or other tactics games like those, but if you want some good tactics action without the stress pick it up!"
,Recommended,251130,27998565,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,darthjee,"Very funny, packed with jokes and bringing the super sentai back to be loved"
76561198008600821,Recommended,251130,27890537,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KrazyJake,"This is a very solid turn based RPG with some indie elements and nostalgia added for good measure.  If you enjoyed Shining Force, XCom, Fire Emblem, or other titles from the squad based tactical genre then this game is for you."
,Recommended,251130,27923070,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MoistSquat,The closest we will ever get to a good Power Rangers game.
,Recommended,251130,27922691,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,String Cheese Hustla,"So far, so cute."
76561198058943508,Recommended,251130,27952975,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chamber #1,This game hits all the right notes:Nostalgia? Check.Interesting gameplay? Check.Fun? Loads and Loads of it.
76561198045773074,Recommended,251130,27917602,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JoeLBone,I'm going to keep this pretty brief and just say that I love this game. It is a charming SRPG with fun writing and a decent combat system.
76561198205564211,Recommended,251130,27879155,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cheezitaddict,I like it. It's a really cool idea for a game and it's well made and fun
76561198005731302,Recommended,251130,27833881,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Greenisbetta,"The mechanics are a little simple. But watching the cheesy story unfold, the cameramen in the background, the self aware humor; it's a good time. If you were a fan of the power rangers or similar shows, you won't be sorry. You'll even laugh at the horribly corny names monsters and laughable costumes. I think the first one is a box with duct tape and boxing gloves. The boxing box."
,Recommended,251130,28074096,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[EF] McAdder,"Don't waste time reading this, just go buy it."
76561198028039270,Recommended,251130,28061619,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,robstar999,A great game you can finish in under 20 hours but want to come back and play through again. Simple but fun combat system and upgrade system. 5/5 Would Play Again.
76561198200028650,Recommended,251130,27722813,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gamrboi,"I nominated this game for ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" because I was sooooooo close to the end of the game and I got VERY sad. (if that dose not count I don't care)"
,Recommended,251130,27721360,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,the eternal serb,"This game is fantastic. The plot is really good, the music is great, and the gameplay is simple yet enjoyable."
76561197960781527,Recommended,251130,27721699,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Slow,fun take on tactics rpg
76561198145869171,Recommended,251130,27580693,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ch4m3le0n,"Chroma squad is a great nostalgia trip back to the good old days of power rangers and other sentai games, it contains fun and interesting enemies, a plot you would expect to find in power rangers but with a added twist that the heroes start off as stunt actors for a sentai show but eventually begin to make their own."
76561198104075211,Recommended,251130,30953291,Posted: 4 April,all,Woodsflame,"I fricking love this game, it's a brilliant idea and it's executed very well, I would've supported this on kickstarter if I had been able too. You create your own team and customize them. Combat is very good, and the rng is decently fair. Great story too. I'd highly recommend this game, especially if it's on sale, cause it's a great deal. They could easily charge 25 bucks for this game honestly. Love it."
,Recommended,251130,27857608,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Justincredible,Just buy it
,Recommended,251130,27876264,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SirPoopington,"Chroma squad caught my eye early on since it revolved around old sentai shows and good ol' turn based grid combat.  It only kept getting better as the game continued on.So this game let's you assemble/hire your own team of sentai heroes for their new show, and pit them against increasingly challenging battles and goals.  The partial end-game leading up to a big robot battle in your giant mech.Take note as this game is relatively difficult, but nothing so absurd it feels unbeatable but later missions will have you carefully planning your next move(s).As you progress you'll have to manage your money, crafting resources, which upgrades to purchase between studio/mech/characters, while the game gives you a wide range to customize how to generate and use your resources.The plot is also surprisingly well drawn out and more concrete than I was expecting; it's still super cheesy though.If you have a fondness for grid based combat, transformations, and giant robots, this game is well worth the time and money."
76561198074201420,Recommended,251130,29023678,Posted: 4 January,all,Lando,"This is a great game. I wish there were more characters you could control, but overall I really liked this game."
,Recommended,251130,24092545,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TheBigTog,Great concept!  It's kinda like Shining Force and Final Fantasy Tactics and Fire Emblem... but different.
76561197995726636,Recommended,251130,23960726,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Z3R0B4NG,"Power Rangers TV Show 8-Bit Simulator...silly fun and on highest difficulty even challenging gameplay.144Hz, no FPS cap."
76561198047300604,Recommended,251130,23877641,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chaser Neos,"Growing up, I loved the Power Rangers and I still do. This game is a well designed, love letter, not only to the Power Rangers and Super Sentai that inspired it, but to the Metal Heroes and Kamen Rider. It takes a bit to learn what you are doing but is a great game.Please make a sequel like you did  with KNights of Pen andd Paper.10/10"
,Recommended,251130,23834382,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,conVulsion,Absolutely fantastic one of my new favorites!
76561198041997040,Recommended,251130,23836719,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vancy,"A very good game, full of humor, with 3 different plotlines (so that you can finish the game 3 times and see something new each time if you want). I would recommend it to fans of tactical RPGs, good humour and, of course, Power Rangers/Super Sentai."
,Recommended,251130,24171675,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,shikkaba,My brain just exploded. No really.
,Recommended,251130,29182513,Posted: 11 January,all,Savior,"So i named my mecha THE KID, and the summon phrase ""ITS THE KID!""10/10 amazing game"
,Recommended,251130,29596032,Posted: 30 January,all,Bryy Miller,"The tactical elements of the combat are on-point.While choose your character adds nothing to the gameplay, it adds a whole lot to your personal narrative as a player."
76561198162582989,Recommended,251130,16252881,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Mane828,"So Far in these 6 hours i have enjoyed this game very much.The art style is amazing, i love how they went for this tv/pixel style.One thing i found is this game gets very hard in the later stages. If you dont like difficult games you probably should keep it on easy. This is my first turn-based stratagy game i have played and it really gets me into this genre.I would reccomend this to fans of power rangers but if you arent you may be confused and may not understand the refernces.Anyways my final verdict.-Fun Gameplay-Good Story-Good introduction into TBS Games-Gets pretty difficult.8/10 buy this game and have fun with it :)."
76561198297318325,Recommended,251130,30132455,Posted: 23 February,all,Jax_Attaxx,"I really don't usually like RPG's, but chroma squad was absolutely amazing.  between the awesome story and good mechanics, this game was great.  Thank you for giving the world this game and the best of luck to you."
76561197983086292,Recommended,251130,29559748,Posted: 29 January,all,A5tro,Good fun - 20+ hours of entertainment - def worth a playthrough
,Recommended,251130,29500912,Posted: 26 January,all,Darkspawn,"Take fire Emblem, add Power Rangers & you got a gem of a game!!Chroma Squad is a must buy!"
76561198005444222,Recommended,251130,29425451,Posted: 22 January,all,MechaNova King,I was to ask the creators how the fukc your suppose to play this game when your team is taken away.I was enjoying this game alot. But this Driver Rider point in the story is just impossible.What am i suppose to do? What vital stat am I missing?
,Recommended,251130,29436904,Posted: 22 January,all,Rider,"It's a fun game, a simple RPG with simple, easy to understand mechanics, and a great concept, there aren't enough games that have a focus on toku shows and henshin heroes.  However, the dialogue in a lot of places is cringey, clumsy, uninteresting and even meaningless sometimes.  Also the focus on the kickstarter backers, it's a nice thing to do, but theres just too many characters that jump in and save the day or help out that are clearly backers.If I could indulge in some wishful thinking, I think it would be amazing to have a Rider focused line from the start, rather than an optional route near the end.  With an emphasis on attempting more mature plotlines in each episode, and a bigger focus on 1v1 boss fights rather than wading through minions.  The bosses in a Rider route, from the start, could be much stronger to make up for the lack of minions, and to push the singular star into more intense battles.  But again, wishful thinking."
,Recommended,251130,28698217,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nibba Turtle,"Alright So, Imagine Power Rangers ok now put that in one hand ok, now take fire emblem in the other and shove them in a blender amdleave it for 30 minutes and then drink it thats what this agme is 10/10 would meme again"
,Recommended,251130,31168901,Posted: 15 April,all,HoffaSaurusX,"This was a hidden gem. I saw of the coverage of the games development while it was being kickstarter developed. I didnt back it then, as I'm slightly suspect of Kickstarter products in general. This however was a big success. If you're a fan of Power Rangers or Sentai shows you'll appreciate all the references and nods in the show. Additionally its a solid and enjoyable Tactics RPG along the lines of Shining Force or the like. Very enjoyable, with the classes and customisation being particularly engaging. 7/10"
,Recommended,251130,31163768,Posted: 15 April,all,Squeegee McGee,"Though I haven't played much, the overall experience has been very good.Solid challenge, fluid strategy gameplay, satisfying progression, appealing graphics, and enjoyable music.A surprising amount of customization also allows for a more personal experience, since each team can be uniquely named and set up. It essentially allows you to create your own Power Rangers team.I have had an enemy with 0% dodge chance dodge a team attack, but that's only happened once and I've simply chalked it up to a one-time bug."
76561198093260511,Recommended,251130,31731926,Posted: 13 May,all,Keibal,"9/10 casual tatics with some good light humor.Chroma squad is the kind of 8-bit remix that captvates you with its simplicity, yeat with a twist in the cliché save the world thematics. Making fun/ making a tribute to the classical sentai japanese tv shows, they give a fun history of stunt actors trying to record their own show. As a game it is fun, have some good micromanagement on itens and crafts, upgrades in the studios and some sort of character skill tree. Very fun and quick game, hope t see more of those"
76561198042239603,Recommended,251130,31786517,Posted: 16 May,all,Unluckydeadguy,Power ranger management tactical action? yes please!
76561198081407436,Recommended,251130,31453214,Posted: 29 April,all,Danny_Doyle,"A competent strategy RPG with a good sense of humor, fun tweaks to the formula and most distinguishing of all a deep love and appreciate of all things Power Rangers! If you like Final Fantasy Tactics or Fire Emblem type games you should feel right at home during the battle sequences here. Although not quite as deep as the two previously mentioned titles Chroma Squad does stand on its own with a few interesting additions to the battles that keep things interesting and fun for the game's duration.In addition to fighting you'll be spending a good portion of time at your Squad's HQ crafting, upgrading, marketing and purchasing new equipment. This set up is initially a little confusing but to fans of strategy this section quickly becomes just as engaging as the giant Zord battles.The real fun of this game though comes in its quirky dialogue, funny boss fights and Power Ranger nostalgia. For fans of Power Rangers, pop culture humor and fun pixel sprites this game is definitely worth the purchase and a lot of fun."
76561198166266799,Recommended,251130,34854205,Posted: 9 September,all,Chapman.justin2,"I love this game. When I asked for a Tokusatsu-inspired RPG, Behold Studios delivered! It's full of loving references to Super Sentai, Kamen Riders and more! It has an complex, yet simple system that's easy to learn and can be amazing to play through. I've played through all three possible endings and each one of them left me fully satisfied and thinking that my time was well spent. Even though I've done everything I've possibly can, I can see myself going back into this game months later with the New Game+ just to play it all over again because I enjoyed every minute of my time with this game. Chroma Squad is an amazing game and I couldn't have been happier-well, I'd be happier if the game didn't just tease me AND I got some of that DLC, but as the game is, my money was well spent."
76561198182035758,Recommended,251130,33707894,Posted: 21 July,all,crimson676,I have recommend this to others. I would love to see a sequel as well. I am currently replaying the game with a different team to see the new update.
76561198176545998,Recommended,251130,33905301,Posted: 30 July,all,Indiana Jones,Great game. Funny dialogues and I like the management on the studio. Having a lot of fun so far :)
76561198041318720,Recommended,251130,34035230,Posted: 5 August,all,CrunchyBacon,"Awesome game and music, nice replayability and overall great game9/10 - ""Would power ranger again"""
76561197966471297,Recommended,251130,33966859,Posted: 2 August,all,excedr1n,"A wonderful game with a good sense of humor and heart. Runs great on MAC and PC. It's a lot of fun and is lovingly self-aware. Buy it, play it, love it. Super low system requirements also, would probably run on a toaster."
,Recommended,251130,34171743,Posted: 11 August,all,Menta,I only bought this game because it parodied shows like Power Rangers and god damn if ill say im having so much fun playing this!8/10
,Recommended,251130,35418966,Posted: 2 October,all,Jahoxus,"Fun gameplay, lots of replay value with varying degrees of difficulty plus multiple endings, many customization options and has a great sense of humor."
