user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,251170,7837543,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Darkovercast,"I picked this game up late Alpha 0.56a and I got very addicted, very quickly. The game at the moment is riddled with bugs but for the first full two days of gameplay, it didn’t bother me whatsoever, each time I disconnected I found myself rushing to get back in to return my endless search for keys and then the doors for those keys.One thing that I found that is a bit negative towards the game is the Phantom, I don’t consider it overpowered but I consider it is… how to put it. Not used correctly. The game is suppose, in my mind be a survival horror. In other words I find that the goal of the monster whatever type that may be, should be to try to scare the survivors in any possible way, from talking creepy in the microphone to chasing a survivor, and letting them get away. I’ve found the best matches I’ve had are with people who just installed the game, the environment is new, they don’t know the mechanics of it yet and pretty much anything give them a little jump. Nothing is more satisfying as the monster to hear them scream and run when you spawn behind them, and give them a little growl. I don’t think the majority of the community follows this ideal of the monster however.I’ve noticed in most lobbies people let everything stay on random. But, sometimes you have someone select something, and nearly 99% of the time they choose the Phantom. Then exactly what I expect happens, the phantom rushes the spawning points kills all the survivors in cramped narrow hallways then proceeds to give remarks like. “Yes!” and “Owned!” in the lobby, like they actually accomplished anything more than simple spawn killing. The impact on the survivors is that they didn’t care, they didn’t get scared, and it was a match that wasn’t worth there time or will ever stay in their memory.Now, I’ve had a few good matches with the Phantom, but I can count on my hand how many times it happens. Now I don’t think it should be removed, it is a perfectly valid monster and I think it is quite well balanced for what it is. But perhaps one thought. From my understanding the monster works on player proximity and sound from traps, to footstep and flashlights being turned on and off. We as a player base do not fully understand the Phantom, but perhaps, the proximity effect should be removed, and replaced with an ‘aura’ the Phantom could put up from time to time, anyone in that aura would be detected. This move would need a decent cool down timer so that the Phantom could just not hang out in doorways and spike it whenever. To balance this more if a player springs any trap whatsoever the phantom should be alerted no matter the distance, this would strike fear in the heart of the player not knowing how far the phantom is, but knowing he is now on his way, and they need to calmly, slowly move away. This effect could be done with something on the Phantoms over display, perhaps a pulse that gives off slower intervals far away and faster intervals closer. The trap and the player would have a shimmering outline around it, the trap until the Phantom reached the location and the player the standard time as currently.I feel as a player the next thing that should be looked at should be the crashing issues, and also allow players to save there log in information and password so on the occasion they do crash, they are not scrambling to enter their information to rejoin their friends.Once this is corrected I feel that monsters in general should have scaring non damaging moves and abilities with great range to keep the players on edge and fresh. Jump scares are great but if they are used over and over again it loses its effect, think Dead Space. It would be great if for example the lurker could enter a non-damage form, he could see the players but they can’t see him. He could make things move, blood drip from the walls, doors slam as players draw closer to them, fade a players vision to black, move them to another location on the map and then allow them to see again. This games potential is honestly non ending. I feel like this could turn out to be the greatest horror game of the next decade. I wish the game developers much luck and I hope they read all of this, and consider some of what I said."
,Recommended,251170,12738435,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dvnte!,"8/10 Still this game has lots and lots of potential, hey! but it offers what you wanted from the game! it scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you! would recommend.-below are anti monster guides on how to not be detected by the player-controlled monsters/ghostsOverall basicsRule 1. Don't pick up the batteries just because they are there. The batteries you pick up replace your previous battery. Meaning that if you pick up 2 you waste 1. Wait for your battery to be low before picking another up. This will save you in the late-game.Rule 2. Voice chat is C, stop askingRule 3. When a monster is chasing you, DO NOT RUN TOWARDS TEAMMATES. All monsters are good at killing clustered survivors. Run in the opposite direction and let the others survive.Rule 4. Help any new players with the basics. The more you help, the more chance this game has of seeing a real release.Rule 5. Be aware of your surroundings. Know where you could go in case of emergency (this will depend on the monster you fight).Rule 6. Sometimes things bug, get used to it.Rule 7. I decide what qualifies as a ""rule"", get used to itAnti-LurkerThe lurker is the OG monster. So if you be creepin' up on his turf, gonna get a beat down!But, if you can't help it here are some tips.Lurker fact: The lurker has a ""ghost"" form and a physical form. He can HEAR you in ghost form (like, the gamer has to use his actual ears (unlike the phantom)), but he can only KILL you in human form.Lurker Fact: IF THE MUSIC CHANGES THAT MEANS HE'S NEAR! GET TO COVER!Lurker Fact: The lurker sets traps by clicking on items in the environment. When YOU set off a trap (e.g. you set off a grandfather clock), be careful. He might have heard you.Lurker Fact: The lurker CANNOT stay in his physical form for long. He has about 30-40 seconds in his physical form to kill you. If he stays in physical form for the whole time, he will be unable to use physical form for a while (2 minutes?). The shorter he stays in physical form, the less his cooldown will be (down to 13 seconds from a <2 second physical form)Rule 1: Avoid traps! If you are playing against a monster who's main way of tracking you down is traps... AVOID THEM! Stay away from clocks, radiators, boards, light fixtures, toilets (these are the worst), ladders, wiji boards, and jack-o-lanterns if possible.Rule 2: In the beginning of the match you have about 45 seconds of free time before the lurker CAN appear. Use it wisely and progress as much as you can in this time. Remember to stop running at least 20-seconds before you think that he'll appear (to charge sprint to maximum).Rule 3: Doors! On maps with lots of small rooms, you can just go in a room, shut the door, and block it with your body. He can't get in... so.... it's good!Rule 4: Tables! On maps that have wide open rooms, your best bet is to sprint away from him or to put a table between you and him. Then, just keep moving away from the side he moves to.Rule 5: Flashlight! If the lurker didn't see you when he spawned, TURN IT OFF. He has bad eyesight and hiding is possible.Rule 6: Don't look at him when running away. You'll slow down and die. A quick glance will suffice.Anti-PhantomThe phantom is the least fun monster to play as, and the most fun monster to play against. He is hard to learn how to play against, but once you get the hang of it, it's really quite fun!Phantom Fact: THE PHANTOM CAN'T SEE YOU. STOP RUNNING AWAY ALL THE TIME!Phantom Fact: READ THE ONE ABOVE AGAIN!Phantom Fact: The phantom can HEAR what you do. When you do something loud, the player that is playing the phantom will have you appear as bright white that can shine through obstacles and walls on his screen. Avoid: clicking the flashlight, overly clicking on doors and safes, RUNNING, walking very near the phantom, RUNNING, walking on top of the phantom, setting off traps, RUNNINGRule 1: STOP CROUCH WALKING, IT DOESN'T HELP, AND IT MAKES YOU LOOK STUPID.Rule 2: DON'T RUN TOWARDS TEAMMATES WHEN HE'S CHASING YOU!Rule 3: NO RUNNINGRule 4: If the phantom does ""see"" you, run as far away as you can. After about 5 seconds, the music will become more peaceful. When this happens, IMMEDIATELY CHANGE DIRECTIONS. This will send the phantom looking for you in a part of the map that is empty.Rule 5: Leave all doors wide open, he can't see them. Closing them will just get in YOUR way.Rule 6: STOP RUNNING, I'M SERIOUS! YOU JUST KEEP DYING!Anti-MaryMary is scary!Mary fact: Mary gains energy over time. She uses this for her 2 main abilities, Teleport and Frenzy.Mary Fact: Mary gains energy if you are near her. This does not include when there is a CLOSED door inbetween you and her.Mary Fact: She's really slow most of the time, but when she frenzies, you CANNOT outrun her.Mary Fact: You can look to the left, you can look to the right, you can look behind you, you can look under your bed, you can look under your dresser, but don't look up... she doesn't like to be seen.Rule 1: don't get near herRule 2: don't get near herRule 3: don't get near herRule 4: all of the aboveRule 5: So... you got near her... idiot! Well if she frenzies you still have a chance. Start sprinting in RANDOM DIRECTIONS. Mary is super fast, so it's really easy for her to overshoot you. Doing a random pattern of sprint can save your life. You only need to survive for 8 seconds anyway.Rule 6: DON'T GET NEAR HERConclusionDon't die"
76561197995238758,Recommended,251170,13375959,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Hobb_Bomb,"I'm writing this now, still a little stressed and in the throws of an adrenaline high caused by my friends. First and foremost, play this game with a group of friends who are bad at the game along side you and can get better with you. Playing with randoms online will not help you learn in this HIGH stress environment and the current how-to guides online are only so helpful.Here's what you get:You're one of the survivors in the haunted hotel/asylum/hospital, and your on a scavenger hunt for keys to open the various locked doors on the map. As you creep around, you deal with randomly generated hauntings that do aweful things like make the dark screen darker, mysterious spooky noises play in your ear, or keyboard keys can even be disabled. All temporary.And thats all before your friend takes control of one of three monsters and attempts to murder you before you get the silver key and escape.The keys and tools are all hidden in obscure places, anything from in drawers of desks to the garbage can in the woods. But never somewhere completly random like the middle of the floor of a ball room. They are hidden well, but not unfairly at all. The rest of the challenge is finding what doors they unlock. Eventually leading out.The Three Monsters:As of now there are only three creatures to threaten you and they all garner a different approach to avoid. Here's the long/short;Lurker sets traps to try to pinpoint your location and materializes in a blink for a few seconds at a time. You pretty much just run from him like an old monster movie. Bracing doors and sobbing until he's gone.The phantom is 'blind' and only sees players who make a lot of noise. People complain about him being Overpowered but  thats mostly because they run around and get slapped instantly. You need to be sneaking when this ghoul roams the halls.Then there's mary. She randomly teleports around the map, and if she fills up her spooky-meter she frenzies and can run at you rather than her usual trundle. Think the Witch from Left 4 Dead, popping and locking through the dining room looking for victims.The Good:-Very different kind of game play. If you have a group of friends you dont mind never wanting to talk to again, team up and go scavenger hunting.-This is a HORROR game, not an FPS. When you see the monster you run. There are no guns, just a flashlight. This might sound like a negative, but it really helps amp up the FEAR-Atmosphere. This might be a little generic, but they really do try to use your less obvious senses to pick up on the creepy factor. You get trained to listen for traps and musical queues, little details, that when you finally do see something. It hits hard and helps you scare.The Bad-Crashes. There seems to be a lot of crashes between my friends and I. Hardware capability dont seem to be the issue, and if someone drops midgame, they wont be able to get back in. They'll only be able to spectate.-Genuine stress level. It might not be a problem to everyone, but I get genuinly stressed out. Legs tight. Hands sweating. Worrying about ever little step. This is why you play with friends. Let the strange monster creeping on you be your pal. Not some mook on teh interwebs.Final Verdict:Love it. Go in on a 4 pack with your friends. Maybe hope it winds up on a sale. Hopefully the crashes get patched out and new features like new monsters and  different playable characters get added. But this is not a game I can compare to any other experience very well.If players could jump back in if they were kicked and the crashes were resolved I would say full price is worth it. As it stands now, $19.99 is a little steep for what feels like early access material. However I still love the experience. And few things are as satisfying as hearing your friends fill their diapers over skype as you pop out around the corner."
,Recommended,251170,15208945,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Banjack,"My reviews are primarily on the silly side (because I am a buffoon), but for this game I think I've got time to sit down grab a brew and do a full review.I got this game waaay  back when it initially released, with it's 1 monster (Lurker) and 4 maps. (Back then, I was heavily into Amnesia: The Dark Descent and the mods being created for Amnesia; so horror was my Wheaties, couldn't start the day without it). So suffice it to say, when this game came to my attention I was like ""Heck yeah, horror gaming with friends! GIMME!"". So I sat myself down, enveloped in complete darkness with no source of light save for my monitor, and played...[Gameplay]I was pleasantly surprised to find that the game plays much like Amnesia! Hell yeah! Albeit, a somewhat less intuitive version, still fun though. The game goes essentially like this, find lousy keys to open doors to find better keys that open doors that lead to a silver key that goes to a door that leads to your freedom (along the way you'll want to find a crowbar or something to unblock the escape door, meh). All the while listening for sound cues to let you know whether the monster is nearby or not.[Conclusion]Upon finishing a session, my friends were somewhat dismissive, whilst I saw the potential in this game and could ignore the rough edges (random crashing, Amnesia click and drag bugginess). I continued playing the game month after month, update after update, and found my experience never altering; to this day I keep thinking to myself ""This game has potential"". And that's where I am today, while this game has seen the additions of two more monsters (Phantom, and Mary) and is now at a total of 12 maps, has added the 'Insanity' mechanic (seeing things that aren't there), and has come out of Early Access, I still feel that so much more can be done with this game. In fact, I think at the end of this review I will whip up a list of additions and alterations that I believe would improve this game.But before that, I would like to say,As it stands this game is indeed worth buying if you are a true fan of horror genre gaming, and to those that ARE NOT, wait till a Summer Sale or something because the $19.99 price tag might be a little high for most people.Overall, this game gets my stamp of approval (for what it's worth), good job 9Heads Game Studios! You proved that a multiplayer horror experience IS possible.[Extras]Oh good, you're still here! You're probably here for my personal Additions and Alterations That Would Improve This Game ( aka. AATWITG, working title).1. Why Lurker No Go ""Here's Johnny"" On That Door?I think that considering that the Phantom and Mary are just straight up more dangerous than the Lurker, that giving him the ability to break down doors would add to the primal terror of a vicious creature that wants your innards to be outtards. I mean his hands don't even look like they can even grasp a door handle let alone turn it.2. Insanity, I See Goofy Faces...Overall, I love the Insanity system, I love it to death. But the faces, those goofy looking faces are just silly! Have you ever walked around in the dark, and had a sensation that you were about to come face to face with something, like you think you can see something that is just out of sight and out of focus, when all of a sudden it's right up in your face like a deranged dermatologist! You couldn't tell what it was, you just know it gave you semi-whiplash. Yeah that, do that!3. Insanity, Why My Legs Be Broken?Okay, this one is a little finicky. But sometimes when your Insanity reachs the point where you can't move or see, is alright, accept when you're trying to escape a monster! I get it, you see arms coming out of the walls grabbing at you, you slow down and think about your life, but when a monster wants to push your♥♥♥♥♥♥in! I think you got bigger problems. (Disable Insanity temporarily when in danger, that's all I'm saying GG).4. Insanity Addition: Tunnel-Vision.Some horror games are doing it! Damned sure as shootin' can! You know that optical illusion that causes you to percieve the room or floor or what have you to stretch out further and further away. Yep that's a winner!5. Need Me a Little Pick-Me-Up.This just a suggestion, but how about the ability to revive buddies? Like a chance that they survived the attack from a monster and are knocked unconscious, whilst unconscious the incapacitated player engages a nightmare scenario that they have to beat in order to wake up or wait until an other player resuscitates them. However, if blood begins to pool, that is a sure sign that the victim is beyond saving.6. More Scenarios for Success.Escape is a fine solution, but for those more brave souls why not include an alternative. Excorsism, Slay the Monster (aka. Monster Bane), Sacrifice (appease the monster). I don't know suggest your own! I just think that more can be done here.That's all I can think of at the moment, add your own suggestions if you want to. Thank you dear reader, for listening to me babble! You're good people."
,Recommended,251170,13614648,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kawaiian Pizza,"This game is terrible.Its buggy and it’s unbalanced as hell. I’ve played a good amount of this game and have only come close to winning once, and that was because the monster was afk for half the time.One time I spawned and my camera was just completely flipped for no reason and I had to restart the entire game to get it back to normal.There are only 3 monsters and half the levels all look exactly the same.But I play this game anyway, and it’s ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying.The best word that I can use to describe how this game makes me feel is drained.The atmosphere is perfect and all the little sounds and visuals add everything you’d need to be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.There you are, the last one of your friends alive and you have the finals keys clutched in your trembling hands as your flashlight starts to flicker. You know that the exit is somewhere ahead of you but you can’t tell in the dimming light.The pressure becomes unbearable, worse and worse the closer you get to safety. The sensation makes you feel almost just as insane as the character you’re playing as.But there it is. The monster jumps out and lunges at you, and in that last moment of bile inducing terror all you can feel is peace.Serenity.You know your journey is over and you no longer have to fight.As your mangled corpse is tossed to the side you’re brought back to the game lobby with your friends vying for a new game.And you feel drained.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ with my emotions again."
,Recommended,251170,16401130,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Koel,"Joined a game with 4 friends.I am marry.I stare at them as they hide behind doors.They laugh, thinking I will never get into the enclosed room.They take turns running around the kitchen like idiots... I kill one of them.They go into a panic and lock themselves in a room with one door.They are staring out the glass panel looking for me, little do they know, I teleported in the room with them.*Wheres marry at man!?, I don't know!"" *  This was great fun to hear while I creep up to them, ""Hey... Have you guys looked behind you lately...?""They got stuck in the door trying to escape.10/10 would get doors stuck again."
,Recommended,251170,12607539,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ZipIce,"""Best played with friends"" and maybe not $20 worth.Still has bugs.Get it during a sale."
,Not Recommended,251170,32275858,Posted: 8 June,all,Troop98,"This game is dead. No one plays it anymore. I got it on sale, so I was lucky to get it when others were playing and the servers were populated. Don't buy it now though, but when it's on sale, take a look."
,Not Recommended,251170,23443507,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Ryou,"Damned is a really great concept but an absolutely horrendous execution. I picked this game up years ago and had a blast, and probably even now I could boot it up with some friends and still have a blast, that's just how amazing the concept of a 4v1 asymmetrical horror survival game is.The main strength this game had was that it filled a niche that nobody else filled, yes, it was bug-ridden, yes it has janky animations, and yes, it's unbalanced to all hell, but that was fine, because it was still fun at the end of the day, it was still playable.Back then we thought they'll fix it, you know. We thought they'll fix up the bugs, add some more features and this game is gonna be great. Well, they added stuff, yes, and they fixed some bugs, but... the core game is still a mess. They also seemingly stopped updating the game, or if anything, they update at such a slow pace that it's hardly worth it anymore. Certain monsters are blatantly broken on certain maps, I'm fairly certain you can get stuck because keys don't always spawn properly and that's not to mention the many other different issues this game has, like performance, hit detection or the fact that you sometimes cannot loot vital items from a dead player's corpse.Sadly, with the release of Dead By Daylight coming up, I see no hope for this anymore. I've said earlier that the main thing this had going was that it filled a niche single-handedly, but Dead By Daylight, (albeit not without it's own problems) is essentially a less frustrating, more polished version of Damned, that I recommend everyone check out now that Damned is basically, well, ""Damned""."
,Recommended,251170,11416414,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,UltimateTamaleLonghorn,Hid in closet. Last one alive. Cried. 10/10
,Recommended,251170,10249443,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Koot,"You don't know the true meaning of fear until you are toyed around with by a monster controlled by human intelligence.There is no predictability, but plenty of pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.GET!"
,Recommended,251170,7315025,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,AzoNe,"REVIEW OUTDATED!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------This game.. What can i say? Its Alpha 0.42 so theres not much to say really.But what i can say, is that this game is awesome! So heres my opinion/look on it.What is Damned?: Its a co-op/multiplayer horror game where you can play as either the survivor that has to get all the keys and escape, or the monster that sets up traps to scare the hell out of everybody and causing panic and has the job of ""getting rid of the survivors"".Map designs: I do like how the maps are designed, but sometimes its very hard to find the keys, but i like that it spawns randomly. I like the maps though.Graphics, music and sound effects: The graphics arent bad, but neither very good either, its decent. But at the moment theres a need for optimization to fix the FPS issues that are there. It is Alpha after all. It runs just fine on my pc though, but it still seems kind of laggy, even with 60 FPS.I really like the music and sound effects in this game, creepy, unexpected and makes it all much more scary, which is good. This has a connection with the traps that the monster can set up, i like it.I just think that the monster has a lack of sound effects, he has none actually. So, i think it would be great with some creepy ones added to the monster(s).Playstyles:Playing as the ""Survivor"": I will say that i dont dislike playing as the survivor, cause it can actually be quite fun, for me at least. Gathering keys, sticking together with your teammates, escaping the monster when hes chasing you and stuff, its all quite fun. You have a flashlight which you can turn on and off, its very useful if the monster is chasing you, you can just turn it off and youre pretty much invisible.Playing as the ""Monster"": This is a playstyle ive never seen before, to be honest, which is cool. It was quite confusing to me in the start what to actually do, but i figured it out quite fast. If you know where you have your survivors, its just hilarious to play as the monster. There is 2 forms that you can go in to;1. The physical form, this is where you can see the survivors, kill them, and they can see you. You walk very slow but can one-hit kill people and still set traps.2. The ghost form, this is where you are invisible, can walk through doors and set up traps around the map.Its quite fun, because you can just spawn right in front of them and scare them and see them run away.Conclusion: I like this game, its unique and very fun (and scary).If i should rate it, i think i would rate it 5 or 6/10, just because its very good, but it can also get boring very quickly. What i think it needs, is just updates, which is coming. New monsters, maps and objectives. Theres a new monster thats in work in progress right now actually, im excited for that.End thoughts:So, to end it off, gather 4 friends if you can and play it together, thats the most fun.Also a good LAN Party game. It doesnt cost much and its a lot of fun. The developers seem to work quite good on this game, so im looking forward to the future updates!6/10"
76561197966610945,Not Recommended,251170,12685190,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Geriatrix,"I should start by saying that the game did provide a few sessions of fun. That being said, there are a number of problems with the game:1. The premise is very narrow and wears thin quickly. At first it is scary and you die all the time. Then you realise that you cannot possibly complete this game (see point 2) without studying the particulars of the monster you are facing. The minute you do that, the scary aspect pretty much disappears, or in the very least much of it is lost.2. The game is extremely hard for the survivors. The only way to beat it is to treat it like any other computer game and learn specific strategies... but in a game so dependent on atmosphere and fright, this ruins things.3. Once you have your strategy in place, studied the monster to the point where there is nothing scary about it, and are ready to play, you will soon find the game becoming very repetitive and tedious. You will essentially wander around in the dark trying to find that one damn key that no one could find to the door that is still locked. After 20 minutes of going around in the same circle doing nothing but trying to imagine where on earth you forgot to look and you will be ready to pull your hair clean off your head.4. The door opening and closing mechanism is moronic. You will not believe how moronic it is if you did not try it.All in all, not a game I would recommend. Interesting idea, but not very well executed and also lacking in content to make it interesting in the long run."
,Recommended,251170,20305931,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Toxic League,"Damned is a 4 vs 1 cooperative game where 4 survivors are trapped inside a location such as an asylum, hospital, or hotel trying to escape the horror that lies within. In order to escape, keys must be located and boards must be removed to open the final exit door all while avoiding a deadly monster. There are 4 different types of monsters that a group can play against. Each monster has its own unique abilities to locate and kill the survivors and each survivor has a different set of attributes. This leads to a lot of cat and mouse tactics in knowing where to look and when to run and hide.There's about 10 different maps, a few different game modes, and key placement is randomized each game.The game has a small learning curve which involves each monster's playing strategy to efficiently locate and kill the survivors, and as a survivor understanding where keys typically are hidden and learning to avoid and escape each monster. It is a very satisfying game after learning the fundamentals, but until that point I felt kind of lost.There are typically a handful of games going although it is often difficult to find a public game because the game has a very small player base and the majority of games available are private. You may also have to wait several minutes for a spot to open up or people to join your game, but if you already have a small group of friends that won't be a problem."
,Recommended,251170,9180559,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Kaninchenbau,"I never thought a horror game like this could be scary, but it's terrifying in the most hilarious of ways. A must-have for a group of friends."
,Recommended,251170,32797961,Posted: 25 June,all,Zaedric,I haven't played this game in awhile and I see the servers are dead. This game is a blast with a few friends. Some of the best horror experiences I've had are from this game. It hasn't been updated much at all so I recomment trying to pick it up on sale and play with some friends if possible. I really enjoyed the game and hate to see it die off.
76561197995911949,Recommended,251170,13283520,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Git Gudenberg,"DAMNEDis basiclyAmensia: The Dark Decent+ Coop/Versus-Gameplay.So much fear, so much fun, so much potential for improvements.Unfortunately: Still many bugs! From the weird server browser to random crashes.If you're into horror games and ifyou want an unusual Coop/Versus gameI still suggest you to get this game,especially when you can get it on a sale7/10I recommend any day for its brilliant idea and the fact that the developers seem to care and expand their game. When I started playing, the game had1 monsterand about4 maps. Now it has3 monstersand12 maps."
,Not Recommended,251170,12392291,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,GrafZahl,"Don't get me wrong. This is one of the scariest multiplayer horror survival games you will ever play with your friends. Prepare to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and for tons of laughter, but be aware that this game is still unfinished and has a lot of bugs. I seriously don't understand why the developer deciced to release the game in its current state,I love the game, but I just cannot recommend it this time...especially not for 19,99€."
,Recommended,251170,13175167,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BRUXXUS,"REALLY fun and addicting. Friend told me about this game and I picked it up on sale. First session was 5 hours straight, (other than the game crashes). It is crazy buggy, though. Feels less stable than most Early Access games I've played, but still, even with the bugs and crashes, this game is worth playing.Very fun, scary, and hilarious laughing at eachother after a good jump."
76561198071955729,Recommended,251170,9220683,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,there's a snake in my boot,"there were only 14 servers, only 2 of them were public, and everyone was yelling at me in spanish. 10/10 will  play again."
,Recommended,251170,8389121,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Cipherpunk,"Is it buggy? Hell yeah, this is an alpha afterall.Is it fun? Dear God, yes.This is one of the most tense and dynamic experiences I've had playing a game with friends in forever. There's is something so heart-poundingly terrifying about being hunted by a living, breathing monster that cannot be fooled with AI pathing tricks. It WILL find you because it thinks just like you; therefore you cannot, MUST NOT, think like you. Pure genius.It took a couple games/crashes and some trial and error to find what works and what doesn't. But half a dozen games in, our schoolgirl giggling chatter evolved into concise, razor sharp planning. It has layers of depth to it as you get better, both for the survivors and the monster. I cannot recommend Damned more highly."
,Recommended,251170,7741346,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Old Man Shaggy,"The fear of the monster being player controlled and knowing where to look for you.Monster hunting music wont activate until you look at him and when you do it will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.Devs did an amazing job on this and i am sure you will enjoy it, its an amazing mp coop game"
,Recommended,251170,14737548,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Pretty Neat Pete,Played with a guy and we yelled cheeki breeki at each other in terrible Russian accents for an hour10/10
,Recommended,251170,28268069,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Musouka,"The only problem with DAMNED is the lack of players. If you play this with 4 or 5 friends, it will be the scariest fun you'll have with them. Trust me.This game may not have the looks, and it may be a bit buggy, but jesus freaking christ if it acomplishes what it sets to do: Scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and the survivors and make the killr/monster player laugh like a goddamn maniac.One thing this game does which I feel Dead by Deadlight doesn't is make monsters and survivors act like they're in a horror movie not by forcing such behaviour as mechanics but by crafting survivor goals and monster abilities that inadvertedly and subtlety make you behave that way. One monster teleports and only atacks once a bar is filled by looking at or being close to the survivors, so you need to stalk them for a while and another one can swap between an ethereal form (which makes him super fast but he can't see survivors unless they're really close to him) and a physical form (that makes him super slow but able to attack) whenever he's ot of survivor's sight, making for some intens cat and mouse situations.Too bad this didn't sell as well as other asymmetrical horror games. This is such a hidden gem."
76561198017700386,Recommended,251170,12602783,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Csub,"I never thought that an online/coop game can be scary. I was wrong.Haven't had the chance yet to play as a monster (only played a few rounds), but playing as a survivor is awesome. It is like playing Amnesia or Outlast withoutt the hiding in wardrobes but with 3 other people but you don't know where they are, there are no indicators. If you see them, good, but you can lose track of them if you don't pay attention or wander off. The maps are quite large with lots of rooms and corridors so it is also a good thing.When you are walkign around and suddenly see a sobbing, slowly walking girl in the corner of your eyes, or a ghost flying around which can only see you if you make noise and then you accidently activate a trap by walking past it, you know you are probably dead.Your objective is to collect keys, combinations for safes, hammers/crowbars for barricades and find the exit zone, which can be anywhere (I guess it is random, in one of my rounds it was a random small cell).It also makes it more fun that you cannot run from the monsters, most you can hope for is that you can outsmart/outrun them but even then you only win a little time till they can enter into physical/attack form again. The fact that the monter is controlled by a player makes it more fun, more random. Some people like to hunt everyone down as soon as they can while others prefer to play with the survivors and go after them one by one (I like it when I get this one against me).Now the cons:The game does seem to need a bit more polishing, it doesn't seem to optimized but , while I can run Outlast on maximum settings, I have to leave this game on medium to get 30+ fps which is weird.Also, I hope they will keep adding monsters (some slenderman-type would be fun or perhaps one that can mimic the form of a survivor to deceive them etc.).Later, some additional maps would be nice.At the moment I can recommend the game if you like horror, want to try something new (I haven't experienced this kind of online scary coop fun before) and if your machine can handle it. If your answer is no to either of these, perhaps you should wait a bit. As far as I know, this game has been on for a while but only gotten to Steam recently, I hope it will make it more popular and they can keep on improving the game from the income.TL;DR: The game is fun, new, scary but not really optimized."
,Not Recommended,251170,13657050,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hoeser,"**DO NOT BUY**The most broken game I've played in a long while. At the time of this review I have ""6.2 hours played"", though I would say about 1 hour of actual game time. The rest of the time is spent attempting to login, attempting to create a game, attempting to start a game, and crashing out of a game.How is this even for sale on steam? This is absolutely UNPLAYABLE in its current state.  I play this with 4 other senior level IT professionals and we're all experiencing the same BS problems, as are most of the recent reviewers of this game.FIX THIS GARBAGE."
,Not Recommended,251170,13437354,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Wrdge,"I have no idea how this game is rated as ""Very positive"", the idea is good but the game is borderline unplayable, across the party of 4 that we had we managed to all join one game once, and the 4th player had to wait for 3 to 4 minutes to actually get into the game after the game had started. I have no idea how this glitch filled mess can be considered a full release, I've seen early access games more stable than this."
76561198014436253,Recommended,251170,23474880,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,PaperCuT! Tzi,"Really good and fresh (at least to me) idea.I spent A LOT of time playing this game, BUT it has some downsides that will be explained later in this review.The rough idea is being a 1 vs 4 cat and mouse gameplay that's terrifying.The 4 survivors can't defend themselves with weapons, but with caution, quick reaction and coordination. Their goal is to reach the safe room which is locked down. In order to unlock it you have to find the silver key that spawned in a random location on the map. So your ultimate task is to find the silver key!There are many other keys spread on the whole map that will unlock certain rooms. So, basically you unlock more and more areas, search them for keys or similiar items and make progress until you find the holy grail: The silver key.Then you only have to get to the safe room alive.The monster obviously has to kill all the survivors. There are 4 different monsters to choose in the game at the moment. None of their playstyles are similiar.- The ""Lurker"" switches between 2 forms. In the ghost form it's setting up acoustic traps to locate the survivors positions, because it can't see any player or door (so it can't see the players progress either).The idea is to get near the noises that have been set off, switch to the physical form and hunt the little ♥♥♥♥♥ (god bless those hearts for saving our people) for a limited amount of time. It's a terrifying jump scare if a lurker pops up next to you. No cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like FNAF and most other horror games (*oooooooh snap*).- The ""Phantom"" can't see, but hear very well. If a survivor makes any kind of noise the Phantom will unveil him for a brief period of time (even through walls), depending on the noises volume and distance to the monster. In the end it just floats with a set speed through the map, which sounds boring at first glance, but becomes repetitive with the possibility to get tricked by the survivors. You have to be aware of the survivors' counter play style in tricking the Phantom with fake locations.- ""Mary"" is sobbing through the map, trying to get close to the survivors and make them look at her to gain frenzy. At max frenzy she will be able to attack and charge the enemies with force. Because of her sobbing she can teleport to random locations on the map, with restrictions of course. She's pretty much the opposite of the Phantom. SHE has to play mind games with the survivors to get close to them.- ""Fallen"" has 2 stances, too. At start she is invisible and can't see the survivors nor their progress. She is setting up stone guards to unveil the survivors. If a survivor is unveiled while she's nearby she automatically switches to her physical form and hunts down the survivors. The statues can't block areas since the survivors are able to destroy them. So there's no abusing of the ability.The very small team of 9heads tried to make the game fair, but scary to the survivors, resulting in the monsters seeming to be overpowered to new players, because of their one hit mechanics.In the end they're fine, with some slight differences in balancing from map to map.The maps are built with multiple schemes that are reusing the scheme based assets and pre-built areas for the sake of more maps. Because of the nature of each map having it's own gameplay flow this method works very well.The graphics aren't fancy, but fitting. The sound is good and athmospheric, except from those survivor death screams.Now the big downside for some people:The game has bugs. Many of them. Some very little and pretty much unnoticable, some gamebreaking.Some people experience pretty much no problems at all where others can't even run a match without insane fps drops or game crashes. This problem in most cases results in hardware, but not in outdated hardware. It's just bad luck of using hardware components that cause problems for this exact game.In the end, at least to me, I would give the game a shot, because the experience is great... if it just wasn't for the possible bugs.Pros:- Unique experience- Very good coop game- Differently flowing maps- 4 very different monsters resulting in different tactics depending from map to map- Good atmosphereCons:- Bugs- No bots (so no single player. It's recommended to play with exact 5 players for the best experience and balancing)- Low support for this game at this point of time (they're working on a new project now)- Difficult to play this game without friends because of the trend of password protected lobbies- Sometimes the community just sucksBtw: Phantom isn't op. You just suck."
76561198061857089,Recommended,251170,33325221,Posted: 6 July,all,[RREM] TacDeadra,"One of the most enjoyable multiplayer games i have played in a long time!However the servers are dead or dying, so you need friends to play :("
,Not Recommended,251170,30358215,Posted: 6 March,all,Clued Kenre,Servers Are Dead
,Recommended,251170,12689444,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Snoopeh,"Makes grown men scream like little girls. Limited options for monsters, but who cares when you can scare the pants off your friends!"
,Recommended,251170,26411274,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SerenityVerdant,"Okay! So this game is fantastic. I know people compare this to Dead by Daylight, but I actually think this game is better. Are the graphics better? No. I like the scavanging aspect of it along with actually feeling haunted, not being chased down by a crazy murderer, but that's my own bias towards the paranormal...The controls do take getting used to and the controller support is♥♥♥♥♥♥ However, the atmosphere is great for people who love horror games and jump scares. The monsters are well balanced. Though sometimes Mary can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because of how fast she is, side stepping and running around obstacles (like chairs, tables, and closing doors) are your best ways of dealing with her. It does take some time, effort, and a bit of memory to remember what you have and have not checked in order to get out. Doors are difficult to open at times, but every person I've played with seems to gain their own little strategy for it. Batteries and keys are SMALL, so you much pay attention to the tiny glowing things. Remember where you have seen batteries for the times you can't pick them up. On some maps, you have to return to the beginning to get something that was locked in a safe so you can move on.Because there is no tutorial, this is a game you have to take the time to study. I had a friend be a monster while not attacking me in order to get used to things. This game is also much, much, much more fun with multiple friends. I recommend at least 1 monster and 2-3 survivors. If you can get all four, great!Things we figured out through playing that others might need some help on...1) You can open some drawers and cabinets. (I know there are pictures of an open stuff in the example images on the store page, but my friends and I assumed that they were already open. We were wrong.)2) HOLD AND DRAG/PUSH TO OPEN DOORS. It's not a ""push d and door opens"" thing. You have to manually open them.3) When playing Mary: She is slow as hell, so be prepared for that. She randomly teleports if you don't kill the survivors on time. You can sometimes get lucky and teleport right behind the survivors. Your ""energy"" is based on how much color you have on your screen; the more color, the more energy. You can manually teleport as well.4) The Lurker and the Fallen are trap based monsters. I don't entirely understand them yet, so I can't say much here.5) The Phantom is pretty straight forward. Survivors are invisible to it, but the survivors can see him. Stealth is key for the survivors here. Music starts when you've sensed them. Look around and chase them down. If you stand inside a survivor that's hiding, you auto-detect them.My friends and I checked the Wiki to figure some of this out, but most was trial and error. Highly recommend this game."
76561198013049791,Not Recommended,251170,26100549,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Seugartabs33,T h i s G A M E IS D E A D. do not buy it they never update they haven't added new maps new engine etc.
76561198076853601,Recommended,251170,12693365,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Syther,"Bought the 4-pack for me and 3 of my friends, let's just say that we've all had trouble sleeping lately. The game is very balanced and having the keys and items randomed is pretty challenging. The only downside is the size of the tools you need to find (batteries and keys) that are easily missed if you don't look VERY carefully, as well as having no on-screen indicators of how much battery you've got left etc. But i think it was inteneded to make it more ""realistic"" and the amount of screams we've all shared proves that. Great game if you're looking for something similar to amnesia co-op where one of you gets to be the monster ;)9/10 could use minor improvements in the future."
,Not Recommended,251170,23202444,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mute Witness,"When it's working it's great.When they update with content, it's great.When you have someone to play with, it's great.Unfortunately, it rarely works.    There's issues with Login and DRM.   The content updates are small and occur rarely.There are clipping problems for a lot of monsters, as in, parts of the map you just can't access, making them safe havens for survivors and leading to people going AFK in these places for whatever reason.  Usually the kick from game option hasn't worked for me either to remedy this problem.The game CAN be fun - and atmospheric, but you need a LOT of patience."
,Recommended,251170,14738374,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Downward Concept,"If you look for a reliable review, look no further, I have just the right review for you.Bought this game on sale, excited as fudge just to see the community being butthurt. Justified? Nope.When you play with decent people that have headsets, which you'll find very quick, you will have the time of your life.I am usually not into horror games, but this is just awesome. The atmosphere while you are trying to avoid the monster is terrifying and you will go crazy when you play the monster as you try to scare them with weird noises and screams via voice-chat letting your neighbours think you are a freakin' psychopath.Totally worth it."
,Recommended,251170,12754580,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,RedRevReyn,"So, after date night with the wife on Halloween(we saw Annabelle, fairly creepy) I on impulse bought this as it was A.) Seemed creepy B.) Let me play as a monster C.) Was on sale.I'm glad I did, because Damned, low budget that it surely is, is pretty much what I'd want in a multiplayer horror game. The environments are creepy, the monsters all play quite different and it's pretty easy to get spooked as one of the survivors. This is also one of those games that I think is best played with friends.Currently there are ten maps, all variations on scary locales. A few asylums, a couple of hotels, a warehouse, some sort of factory, and a restaurant(of all things). Survivor's currently have 4 characters to choose from, but really it's just an aesthetic choice. Monsters have 3 character's to choose from:The blind Phantom.The phasing Lurker.Sobbing Mary(my personal favorite).The Phantom can only see players if they make noise or it gets close enough to them, the Lurker phases in and out of reality, only able to track players by setting traps, and Mary must slowly approach while being teleported randomly, until she can let out a scream and sprint right upon her victims.Having said all of that, I do have a few issues with it:Playing as the survivor is much more challenging than playing as one of the monsters, to such a degree that picking any of the monster choices seems like a guaranteed win. The map variety also seems a little lacking. The largest issue however is will crash a little too often for my taste or require you to CTRL+ALT+DLT and end process.All in all, I'd say it's worth what it's currently priced and good solid fun."
,Recommended,251170,23590674,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Darth Corgi,"In all honesty underneath the not-so polished graphics lies a game that is well worth playing. Teamwork and communication is required of the survivors which is why I recommend this game if you have a group of friends to play it with. The game is slow paced in terms of gameplay so if you're looking for something faster this may not be the game for you, but the slowness factor does add into the fear that the survivors feel which I feel is what the main focus of a horror game should be. 10/10"
,Recommended,251170,13444008,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,maldoror,You have 1 new item in your inventory: Soiled Underpants
,Not Recommended,251170,13696447,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fons the Magnificient,"Good reviews, promising gameplay-videos, awesome design of game (4 good guys vs 1 enemy, all 5 are player-controlled), but you need friends to play this.Players in public hosted games usually leave very fast and don't join back (this could be caused by crashes), and hardly anyone joins public games.I recommend this to people who have 4 actively playing friends to have fun with in this kinda game, but otherwise: Don't buy it, you won't be able to play much.Once in a game (although that is tough luck playing with strangers), it's fun!Suvivors have to play together to leave the level before the monster gets them, and the game is a good scare! (no blood&gore kind of horror, the creeping kind of horror)The monster, being invincible and killing any player in one hit, does have an unfair advatage, although it does make playing together more important and more fun, and the monster could tease the players for fun.Summary: This is amazing with 4 friends and you (5 total), it sucks in a public game."
,Not Recommended,251170,16505429,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Solger Barky-Sharky,"after several hours of fun, buggy, crashy gameplay, I am done with giving this game hope to get out of its own♥♥♥♥♥♥after such a long time of ""bug fixing"".  This game blew its own potential on technical issues half way during beta and keeps dragging it til today."
,Not Recommended,251170,29802665,Posted: 9 February,all,haha_titan,I feel as if this game has just been abandoned now.
76561198033603380,Not Recommended,251170,13488523,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,babsa_90,"There is absolutely no way that i can recommend this game. I regret paying the measly $5 for this during a recent steam sale - that is how broken this game is. It is officially released but plays like an early alpha game. There are a plethora of glitches that are, seemingly, very common issues. I played this game with 4 other people that i know IRL, and we could barely get a single game in without a hitch after 5-10 tries. These devs have a great game idea, but they are tanking it into the ground. On the forums, i have not found a single thread with a dev solving anyone's problems - they are all open ended support threads. I am done with this game for the time being. There is a chance that i MIGHT eventually try it out again a few months down the line."
,Recommended,251170,31497913,Posted: 1 May,all,SammiNeko,"This game is a relatively good one for people who love interacting with others, and love a good scare! It puts you on edge, while giving you a good laugh! You never know who's around the bend, or where that final key is. A great mixture of survival, and suspense!"
,Not Recommended,251170,30575391,Posted: 17 March,all,Zakue(AA),"So. I don't often write reviews and the last one I wrote got several die hard fans of the series rather upset with me. But, all the same, here goes.Damned, at its core, is a wonderful game. Of all the ""Monster versus survivors"" games, this one has been the most enjoyable for me. I found myself thrilled with the different monster choices, as well as their mechanics. I played this with four of my friends and, honestly, it was some of the most fun I had.So...why am I NOT recommending it?Content. I'm sorry, truly, but this game has been all kinds of dead for a long time. Little issues with server connection and the main menu have plagued the game since launch and have never been fixed. I forgave that for the sake of them adding a new monster and APPEARING to be working on the game. But then it just went...quiet. I sympathize with how hard making a game is, I really do. But check the update news. The last thing they did was last year and it was updates on a map editor. Still menu issues and a few game play bugs here and there and absolutely no new monsters or anything. I fear they may have given up on the game. I don't mean that as an accusation, just a genuine fear. I WANT this game to get finished and worked on. I loved it. But I've had it uninstalled forever, for frustrations involved with trying to get the game running for everyone.So, in the end...if you can endure a lot of menu issues or, perhaps, are one of the lucky ones that bypass all those issues, it's not expensive. Get four friends together and play, it IS genuinely fun to play. But the issues and lack of updates outweigh the fun. Please, PLEASE keep working on this."
76561197970617604,Not Recommended,251170,9743340,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,-(aaK)- ICE,"It's fun for about an hour before it gets really repetitive and boring, this game requires far more content than what's currently available."
,Recommended,251170,12698153,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Coots,Prob one of the best horror games i have played it is very fun to play with friends and i highly recommend getting it of you have friends that will play it with you. Warning: does have some bugs.
,Recommended,251170,12392029,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sad Brendan Fraser,"Beta update 1.15B = full release? Well ok then...When game works, it's a lot of fun, you just need to get past the crashing and the freezing when loading into a game.Nothing better than making spooky noises and threats of violence on teamspeak while you make your friends mess themselves."
,Not Recommended,251170,13455651,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MacKaris,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It is completely UNPLAYABLE as it currently stands. There are so many bugs and straight out malfunctions that you probably won't even be able to start the game, let alone play it. If you don't believe me, just check out the Steam forum. It´s not really a good sign if every single thread is about how something (or everything) is not working correctly or at all.I'll come back and change my opinion if they ever get this game even remotely playable."
,Recommended,251170,13090007,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sefarias filius frigoris,"If you looking for a little treasure in the horror genere, here it is.The atmosphere and the sounds will help you to feel your heart beating and you never know how the monster will find you. Maybe in the next second, maybe never.Small bugs but nothing for disable the fun, so..... i like and love the game =)"
,Recommended,251170,12373752,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,UltraX2000,"This game is great for playing with friends and the multiplayer experience. The monsters take inspiration from pop culture yet they have an original feel to them. The same can be said for the survivors.The game still has a few issues that needs to be addressed but that is why it is still in beta. I am pretty sure when the full game is made available this paragraph will not be needed.All in consideration, if you have friends that like to play multiplayer games then try this out."
76561198039977423,Recommended,251170,9327405,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,LethalOwl,"Word of warning; Alpha is alpha. Is not even Beta. It's hardly meant to be playable, but it most certainly is.Now then; After hours on hours in this, I can only say it's absolutely fantastic for an alpha-stage game. Crashes will happen, but it is to be expected. Counting in the voice chat and scary levels, and an absolutely terrifying monster (Lurker - Phantom's hardly scary, more like annoying.), this is bound to have you both screaming and laughing. No promises, of course. You kind of have to like being scared and maybe be easy to scare to enjoy this fully.The more and more of your friends dieing around you only intensifies the experience, if you're not one of the few to die first. Knowing -you- are the primary target of the monster is enough to have you go "";_; Halp"" and hide in a wardrobe. Which, I might add, is perfectly possible. You can hide in wardrobes. But I'd recommend hiding in a proper room with an inward door, so you can push back against it. Outgoing doors, like those on wardrobes, are bound to get you killed.Anyway; This game is awesome. The devs are working on it constantly. The community is 'okay'. Worth more than what it sells for, even as Alpha. The only things negative about this game is trivial things that are there only because of the stage of the game. These issues are bound to get fixed. So that leaves only the good parts to go \o/ The amount of fun this gives is endless."
76561198024848626,Recommended,251170,33529599,Posted: 13 July,all,Sarrows,"I am not sure if should post this here...though due to the game being dead, IF ANYONE WANTS TO JOIN ME IN THIS GAME, go ahead messege other than that add me. I am always willing to play with new individuals especially this game"
,Recommended,251170,12803810,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Spencebar™,"Friends made me throw headset on the ground and hit the wall on the other side of the room with my chair all while screaming at 2 am. 20/10 would get scared again.Seriously though, very fun to play with a game full of friends. Doubt it would keep the entertainment value if playing with randoms. Very tough for the survivors, but it is possible to win. I got it on sale for $10 but I'd say its a 15 dollar game. Lots of bugs and somewhat frustrating at times, but makes up for it with the hours of fun me and friends have had. Don't get it unless you've got a group of friends to play with."
,Recommended,251170,12766392,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"Damned is a 5 player horror game.  There are two playable roles in the game: the humans, and the monster.  It's a pretty great idea they have here.  As humans, you have to try and escape.  There's 4 different humans you can choose to play as, but it doesn't really matter which you choose.  You start with nothing but a flashlight and need to search for batteries, as well as keys and other things that can help you escape the monster.  Navigate the very dark buildings and try to get out quickly, because eventually you start to see and hear things in game and when you run out of batteries it's a lot harder.  As the monster, your goal is to kill all the humans.  There are currently 3 available monsters to play as: Bloody Mary, the Lurker, and the Phantom.  Each one has some advantages as well as some handicaps and they each play very differently.I will get the negatives out of the way.  This game has some pretty bad bugs that hopefully will be fixed soon.- You can lose connection to the match for no reason (at least on your end).- The lobby might not recognize you have joined, and won't include you in the game when it is started.  You may have to back out and rejoin a few times, or have the host restart the lobby, for it to work.- Sometimes the game won't allow you to choose which human/monster you want to play, even though the lobby allows you to choose.- Every once in awhile the main menu from the start of the game, will pop up over the game while you are playing.  You can still play while it's up, but you can't exit it and after that happens when you talk in chat your name won't show up.-When you are killed, sometimes your corpse will still be standing.  Sometimes it will even walk into walls and will still let you spectate it.These bugs are very annoying, but the game is still incredibly fun.  Get a group of friends and hop in.  Some will say it's a very scary game, some will say it isn't at all.  What is and isn't scary is very subjective really and will differ for everyone.  For me personally, it has had some pretty scary moments but a lot of the time it just gets really tense.  If you're playing with friends you can have some really hilarious moments too.  The idea of this game is pretty genius and it is definitely worth picking up, though if you can get it on sale that'd be good."
,Recommended,251170,23533610,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,OhNoeKimi,"Pros: I enjoy scaring myself with this game, and its very fun and hilarious playing with friends. I hate when someone is playing Mary because she reminds me the girl from The Ring lol.Cons: Only problem with this game I have come cross so glitchy moments. If you do not enjoy glitches, do not get it."
76561198089419763,Not Recommended,251170,16492113,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,spandriel,"Traverse rooms with randomly generated amount of chairs in your way and then get insta-killed by invisible ghost or something...Requires registering a third-party account to play.Runs at 15 fps on gtx770 regardless of settings.In-game voice chat is choppy and incomprehansibe half of the time.Sends a crash report every time I exit the game, lol.Should not be sold for any price, it belongs to free half-life mod tier or some amateur Unity project showcase."
,Recommended,251170,13035359,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Adrianne1976,"OK  so far,  this is great,  get some close friends on Skype or Teamspeak and have fun playing a screwed up game of tag or keep away depending on what character you're playing!      Also it's fun when you can sing ""one two mary's coming for you  ""  to play with your teammates minds! :)"
,Not Recommended,251170,12621977,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Antix,"This game has a really nice concept. Everyone wants to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of their friends meaning it has great potential. However, due to it being early access, it is probably the most delicate game i have ever played and is buggy as ♥♥♥♥. Although this is understandable for an early access game, it is rarely updated and progress is not nearly quick enough. Because of this, i dont think it will ever be realeased and is gonna die a slow death..."
,Recommended,251170,13256377,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,JoshuaGuzz,"One of my all time favourite horror games! I highly reccomend this if you are into Co-op versus!The gameplay is solid, being the monster is fun, and it's always nice hearing your friends scream of terror as they run out of stamina :3"
,Not Recommended,251170,13444254,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Lee,74 Minutes and no game time..
76561198012567709,Recommended,251170,7470135,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Skeebo,"The constant feeling of being hunted by a supernatural force has not only made me come back for more, but has had me change my underoos several times."
,Recommended,251170,12679506,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,octopusapult,"After giving the game another go, I've chosen to rescind my previous, negative review and write a newer, positive one based on my newer experiences. (I apologize to the people who rated my older review. I'm not sure if it will reset those votes or not.)This game is, put simply, fun. It's unpolished, it isn't pretty, and it's a delicate little thing prone to crashing. Not your everyday ""ctrl+shift+esc"" type crashes, I'm talking like the Hindenburg or Titanic.But when it works, it works. Sure the monsters have strategies for avoiding, and baiting. And sure there's more or less surefire ways to avoid death (Door battles with the Lurker / Mary anyone?) But it feels a little like you're under fire. ""Just remember your training and you'll be fine.""Except you won't. The Phantom will find you, the Lurker will trap you, and Mary will run you down. Your flashlight will betray you giving away your position, your sense of direction will be tested in pitch darkness, and you'll grow to hate toilets.10/10 would die again.**ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW**(I would also like to point out, I bought this game about midnight-ish my time in Eastern USA, and was trying to play it pretty late at night. There were about 10 lobbies and they were mostly overseas, which could maybe explain why the game was running so poorly. Anyway, I'm glad I gave it a second chance, the server list is very populated around more reasonable hours and the connections are noticably better.)1 out of 8 attempts succeeded in getting the game to work. ONE.First one, died early, had to spectate a box.Second through sixth attempts all crashed at various points. Usually while joining a game.Seventh attempt worked properly. I played as Mary, got a kill, but spent a little too long figuring out the controls and they escaped.Eighth attempt, crashed.Had I bought this from Gamestop, I would have already been on my way back to the store to return it."
76561198040323960,Not Recommended,251170,10949741,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Wubs4Scrubs,Damned.exe has stopped working
76561198079654169,Recommended,251170,22539714,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Vylan,"So here's the scoop, don't pay full price for this game because you'll immediately regret it and probably refund it. But if you get it on sale, you're more likely to stick with it. Probably the first 10 hours I put into this game were horrible. It crashed all the time, and when I was in game I didn't know what the heck I was doing. Now after 330+hours of this game, I can say it's one of the most fun games I've played. There are bugs with it and it rarely gets updated which is frustrating but I've met many people through this game, one of them is my best friend now. The maps don't change, the monsters don't change but every game is something different. So if you're looking for a fun horror game, get this when it's on sale. Add me if you want someone to play with."
,Recommended,251170,12572407,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,{FITH}™Mxter Unlucky {FA},Every hour I play this game takes years off my heart. 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,251170,20388419,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Brittany,"Lame without friends and sometimes the servers are completely dead. Fun, but not worth $20, snag it on sale."
,Not Recommended,251170,16950476,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,LovettesKara,"This would be a fun game if it were not glitchy as all hell. This game just becomes a big frustration when people have issues just spawning in, Often items do not spawn in or there is issues with the monster... So yeah, problems galore!"
,Not Recommended,251170,16103900,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,King Gibbon,"I have recommended this game numerous times to many friends and have enjoyed many games of this. But why do I not recommend this to game to the general public? Well when I started playing, it was classed as early access. Pretty decent for early access. Very fun and was quite low on the game breaking bug spectrum. Sure there were a few crashes here and there, was poorly optimised and desyncs but it was early access. But now, the game is classed as a full release and bugs that should have been ironed out have been left it seems. Not to mention a new bug having risen its head.Keys that open doors are being swapped with keys to rooms you cannot get to before you unlock the doors before them. So you have a key that will open a kitchen, but to get to the kitchen you have to open the dining hall or pantry. But the keys have not spawned in an accessible area. This has happened a few times now  since release. We never used to have this issue but it seems to be a regular occurrence for us now. We are still getting disconnects and regular desyncs where players will see their team mates walking into walls. The once extremely regular patches have slowed down a lot and the amount of players which was never very high, has dropped hugely. Not that it matters for me as I have friends who I play with which, if you buy this is a necessity. This game is pretty crap to play with random people. Get a call going with friends and just play with them. If you don't have friends, there is such a little player base now that you will probably not find a match.TL:;DR This game should not have left early access at all as most of the alpha bugs are still present. Sure its a fun game with friends, but the bugs just ruin it completely."
76561198075947926,Not Recommended,251170,12322524,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,GDani,"not worth it yet, can't even start the game anymore"
,Recommended,251170,34361742,Posted: 19 August,all,RazjaroQ,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing best co-op survival horror ever.[Some addition]How do I think this game needs a steam workshop for more of available maps
,Recommended,251170,13195957,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bripod,"10/10 would die with a scream in my throat, insanity-blurred vision, and pee running down my leg again.Alternatively,10/10 would whisper creepy nonsense to the scurrying humans while hunting them through an asylum again.Really though, it could still use some polish. Getting everyone loaded into lobbies properly needs a bit of work, the mechanic for opening doors is often frustrating (though that adds to the tension) and there's really no hand holding, but after 2 hours of play with some friends I was getting the hand of both sides and it had my pulse racing like no other game in recent memory."
,Recommended,251170,7919315,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Sweats,10spooky5me / 10
,Not Recommended,251170,17246529,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Totty,"E: This review was written a day before the July 28th update.Hello~ as of this review, I've clocked 62 hours on Damned.The reason why I'm giving this game a thumbs down will become apparent quite quick.I'm not going to give overviews, so I apologize in advance if anything sounds off to someone who knows nothing about the game just yet. Simply put, despite how much fun I have with the game, a lot of my friends DON'T have fun, and I'm going to list all of the problems here.1. The insanity system is bogus. E: This has been fixed as of July 28th, about two days after I wrote this review.Seriously. Having so many bad effects happen throughout the game is annoying, and un-needed unless you happen to be playing against Mary (because she moves slow enough to warrant them). Late in a game, survivors see things that aren't there, but still physically affect them, turning them blind, slowing them down, or making them deaf; often all at once. This seriously needs to become an optional thing, but for now, it's extremely crippling to any survivors that manage to last long enough against monsters to begin with.2. Mary's teleporting is bogus. - E: Still a problem, unfortunately.Tonight I've had a game where Mary's teleported into the same general area 5 times, sometimes right next to where she was previously, successfully edging survivors closer to their spawn point with no way to progress. This speaks for herself: Mary's teleportation mechanism is NOT random, but is more biased to teleporting into the same room despite how big a map is, and needs a system countermeasure.3. Phantom's camping is bogus. E: Still a problem, unfortunately.This one speaks for itself. Phantom needs a penalty for staying in one place (sometimes to camp a corpse or deliberately trap survivors) for too long. Otherwise, he's fine. Applies to a lesser extent to the Lurker as well.Those are the three big issues that my friends tend to have with this game. Personally, I've beat the odds and have continued playing despite these major flaws, and can still manage to have fun in the game to this day. And these problems don't even touch the plethora of other problems, such as...- Frequent client crashes- Host disconnecting from a game crashes the game- Connection issues cause duplicates of corpses to walk continuously into walls- Maps such as the factory spawning unwinnable for the survivors due to key placement- Lack of care / content / fixes from the developers (E: As of 1/30/16, it appears as if they've deleted their community forum)So with that being said, I definitely cannot recommend this game, since it's nowhere close to being worth its full $20 pricetag. Know that if you do end up buying this game, whether it's for the full price or on a sale, that you'll be paying lazy developers that are more talk and less action. If you can somehow see past that and can see a glimmer of fun trapped deep within the potential that is Damned, then I shall see you there.Oh, and don't forget. The monsters can kill you in one hit. But I don't have a problem with that. I just want to actually SEE the monster kill me instead of getting blinded before the climax. What kind of a climax is that?E: Having the ability for people to change their usernames was a bad addition, so I'm not going to be changing the recommendation of my review. The game's files are predominately client-sided and can be edited by hackers. Now the hackers in the game can change their names, and we'll never know who we're playing against anymore, so thanks a lot 9heads."
,Not Recommended,251170,21376866,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Meat Vegetable,"TL;DR giant bugfest and lazy development team.I started playing this game near initial launch, around when the phantom was new. I had recommended this game in person when in early access however since it is now a ""complete game"" I cannot reccomend it.The game is still unpolished and is missing a lot, updates will only come out every 6 months as the devs feel they have completed this game, also they are talking about making a Damned 2 so literally just hold out for if that ever happens.Aside from that, yes the game can be fun if you have a monster who likes to scare people instead of be boring and just kill you, as with all games there are players who have played it so much that they have being a survivor down to a science, and some people who are so good at killing as a monster that it makes the game not fun sometimes."
76561198045223931,Not Recommended,251170,23574056,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Scuff,This game is dead.- many Bugs- Lobbies are rare- not much content- only 1 bug fix in 6 months- bad graphicsDont buy this game. It is a waste of your money!
76561198090694293,Recommended,251170,12237950,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,PhoneySpring646,Best horror game ever!
76561198013441696,Recommended,251170,13648445,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nintendo Nerd Lord,Damned one of the addictive and funny mp game.It's totally worth to your money.Plus bring your friend ıt will be insanely funny!
,Recommended,251170,10871761,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Scarlet Snatch,"I played this game last night and it was fun as hell.  What's better than grabbing 4 friends and scarying the crap out of each other??  Nothing makes me scream and gets my heart racing better than this game.   There is ""in game chat"" so you can add your own creepy voice for the other players to hear in case you are playing with people that are not on your Teamspeak.  Definitly worth the download.  Definitly worth the time and the money.  It's fun to be the survivor and try to escape and it's also fun to be the moster and try to kill everyone.  I give this game two thumbs up and don't think I'll ever get bored of it."
,Recommended,251170,10496517,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,twitch.tv/tummytv,too scared to even play an hour of this game.....
,Recommended,251170,14056878,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Burnin Taco,"I was pleasantly surprised by Damned. The gameplay does get repetitive, and eventually you get tired with the constant issue of starting a game, only to have 1 or 2 people disconnect and not be able to join back.The game is fun if you have 4-5 friends to play with. When I say friends, I mean friends you can talk to and communicate with. My friends and I would have the humans all in a group call and then the monster on their own. This made the game pretty damn fun, as we could communicate.The gameplay gets pretty boring after 9-10 hours of playing. You basically run around looking for keys while avoiding the monster. Each monster has different abilities, meaning you have to change your strategy slightly depending on the type of monster. Currently, there are only 3 monsters.The Lurker - The Lurker has a physical and nonphysical form. In its non-physical form, it cannot see players and players cannot see it, but it can place traps. Traps make a loud noise, notifying The Lurker where the humans are. The Lurker can then transform into physical form (if it has enough charged up) and try and kill them.Mary - Mary moves very very slow, and Mary can see humans and humans can see Mary. Mary has the ability to teleport when charged up (also randomly teleporting if you do not for a long time). Mary also slowly gains ""Frenzy"". Frenzy mode allows Mary to run faster than survivors and kill them. To charge Frenzy, you have to get close to a survivor. The closer you are, the faster it charges up.The Phantom - This one is personally my least favorite. The survivors can see the Phantom at all times, but the Phantom cannot see the humans unless they make a noise. If a survivor begins sprinting, the Phantom will hear loud music and that survivor will be able to be seen through walls. You also can't turn your flashlight on and off when the Phantom is around. Basically, the closer you get to the Phantom, the less sound you have to make, by crouching or walking.Like I said, the gameplay is fun with friends, but over time it loses its luster and becomes very repetitive. I bought it with 4 other friends when it was only $5, and it was definitly worth it. Rarely we got to do 5 player, but 4 player is still really fun.If you can manage to find 3 or 4 friends to play it with, get it on sale. The bugs are pretty irritating, mostly the main menu bugs that require me to verify the integrity of game cache every 30 minutes. But the bugs are also tolerable because the gameplay has its ups for a decent amount of play time."
76561198008582160,Recommended,251170,12517660,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,TheMetalfreak360,"There is a few bugs in the game, but highly recommended. You haven't withnessed true horror before you are played with by a friend that playes as a monster and at the same time that loves to hear you scream and cry, trust me, worth every penny. I have never heard a friend scream as much as I did playing this, and saw him plays as Jacob and sitting on a toilet for the entire game. 10/10"
76561197970024915,Not Recommended,251170,13760091,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The Apostle,"This game could have been really interesting however after a couple of games I have to say its utterly boring.  After you get over the initial scares there isn't a huge amount to keep you coming back.  I don't mind the graphics and I can handle the dark levels.  When I first played the game opening the doors while a beast was chasing me led to semi squirts of urine pumping down my trouser legs but after a few games it just becomes frustrating rather than terrifying.  I find that the monsters are overpowered and tend to camp dead  bodies (which is the only place you will find certain keys).  The levels are not large enough to really run away or hide in, making it easy for the overpowered monster to find you.  Maybe if they release a sequel it could be good but this game in its current format needs work."
76561198071180073,Recommended,251170,26394767,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Metrolovic,Super fun to play when you first get it but after a couple hours it becomes less of a horror game and more of a survival than anything. Alot of fun well worth the 15$ i spent heres a video i made of some my favorite moments.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pek8UdDU_P0
76561198077101878,Not Recommended,251170,10295817,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Its pronounced gif not gif,I bought this game when it first came out and I loved it now Ive been unable to play it for some time dont waste your money just find a better horror game like contagion at least that one can be played.
,Recommended,251170,12710629,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,mwmorg,"A great game! Scared one of my friends so bad, he went onto Reddit to try to cheer himself up again.10/10"
76561198107815861,Not Recommended,251170,22071608,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,DonnyGuitar,hate to say it but game's been damn near abandoned. Updates too few and far between
,Recommended,251170,12927470,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,LostVegas911,One of the best multiplayer games I have ever played. Want to make your friends poop on themselves? This is the game to do so.
,Recommended,251170,28255195,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,☆❤Malchihiro❤☆ AKA Fwerghlderghl,This game is great but it's a shame about the lack of players.Got me scared and crying like a little whimp with friends.Definately worth getting with friends to play together.Good laughs and a good scare!
76561198035883888,Recommended,251170,33457284,Posted: 11 July,all,varanfan,"Not as polished as Friday the 13th or Dead By Daylight, and with a sadly dying community, Damned does stand out as the only assymetrical slasher game that's actually scary. The extremely different play styles between each monster is a fun twist, and the levels will have you quaking in your seat. Pick this up with some friends if you want a chance to play it now."
,Recommended,251170,12446377,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,JorisCeoen (GamingReviews),"A rare, scarcely attempted genre that seems difficult at first sight has been greatly achieved by 9Heads Game Studios. Damned is frightening and succeeds bringing chills up your spine with great atmosphere and fitting design choices. It suffers from performance issues and a few level design related bugs, but none of that is enough to keep you away from the game. The will to survive and outsmart dangerous anomalies is present and eventually will fill your time with loads of fun and scares that are best shared with friends.Video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWJvx4zDRBE"
76561198123024379,Not Recommended,251170,11095200,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Pumble,"I would love to recommend this game, but I cannot. It has a brilliant premise, and is very creepy with it's stalking monsters and malicious spirits. But it has several catastrophic problems that render it next to unplayable. It is incredibly laggy (and not to do with my connection, which is ultra-fast on all other things I do) and suffers from FPS stuttering to quite a bad degree. Sometimes when survivors die a copy of them stays around, walking endlessly on the air until they are killed as well, leaving two corpses. It has other weird, glitchy bugs like this and I find it difficult to want to play combined with the lag and framerate crawl. It needs a lot of work, to clean up the bugs and made it a smoother game. I wouldn't recommend it until those bugs are ironed out and the game runs smoothly. I give it a 3 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,251170,13603184,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Captain Pajamas,"I didn't want to do this but, i had great hopes for this game and was looking forward to it, but it crashes 5 secs after starting the game EVERY. SINGLE .TIME. I looked into each and every forum page  related to the subject on how to fix it and lets see... I manually changed my resolution for the game, Repaired Python 8 times, Installed 3 different types of Python to see if it would work, uninstalled and reinstalled it 3 times, tried damned.reset.bat, and varified my game cache so many times that i lost count. I even reset my router, because someone said it would help. Did it?! NO.0/10 For not even being able to play the damn thing."
,Not Recommended,251170,23446768,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lev,"I really, really want to like this game and recommend it, but Damned has a range of bugs and glitches between a 7/15fps lock, monster glitches, other performance issues even on high-end PCs. The development of this game has been far too slow with updates not happening for months, and a promise to fix performance issues in 2014 but still hasn't been fixed as of 2016. The community has pretty much completely disappeared, so unless you're lucky and find an open server or have friends to play with you won't be getting very much game play out of this. I only decided to write this review because of how awful the performance bug is. I was originally running about 25fps, not good because my computer isn't great, but playable. Today I get on and I'm locked on 7fps. No updates since the last time I played was a week ago, Now in order to play with my friends I have to go through some annoying methods to try and unlock the fps. Uninstalling, restarting PC, reinstalling, adjusting settings both in an out of the game, I really enjoy the game when it runs well and when my friends play, but dealing with the bugs and stuff is incredibly annoying, and requires a ton of patience. Therefore, I cannot recommend this game to anyone for the price it is. If it ends up on sale and your friends have it, it may be worth the try. Maybe.Edit: After doing all the stuff to reset the framerate I now run 60fps, so my frames have been consistantly dropping."
76561198035293488,Recommended,251170,8300951,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mango Unchained™,Well my first opnion when loading up this game was what you would expect from a early release ... But after playing for a while i have to say for £5.99 Its by far one of the most scary PC games i have played ... One momment your walking along looking around for keys the next your running / hideing from the Lurker ! I think the scare/horror factor comes from knowing the Lurker (Enemy) is controlled by a actual person there for you know that they will be even more unexpected ... It has a few gltiches here and there but as i said its a early release and i have to say im impressed :) 4/5 ... if u like horror and a horrible atmosphere and its kind of like Amnesia but with multiplayer then you need to buy this game !Thanks For Reading hope to see you in there
76561198019732536,Not Recommended,251170,10950988,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Apocalypse_Dude,"Would not recommend to purchase. This can not even be considered beta.Nearly NOTHING in this game is working, game crashes, login is not working, gameplay is buggy.Charging 9,99€ is just ridiculus!"
,Not Recommended,251170,10984121,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,RIFT,"Update: So I finally got to play. The gamplay seems alright but a lot of the map design just doesn't work with certain monsters and can lead to some incredibly boring game sessions. I've only really seen mary as my friends refuse to play phantom and the one time I played against a lurker I died instantly by opening a door... then the game crashed so I haven't figured out how the lurker works yet.I'd say it's ok but there are better things to spend your money on.Old review:DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN IT'S CURRENT STATETook me over half an hour to actually play the game. (went into options to change to full screen, button to get out of options and resolution had been cut off, spend a while trying to fix and give up, enter friends lobby and game crashes, tells me im already logged in, exit steam, log back in, won't open lobby or let me click any buttons, exit,  tells be i'm already logged in... eventually get into a game and it crashes the first time I log in. My compter should be able to play this game fine (it's better than at least on of my friends computer and they can play).I've played alphas that work much better than this. Be warned that this is not (in my experience at least) a playble game.My friends seem to like the gameplay (something I have yet to experience) so maybe this will be good when the game is finished."
,Not Recommended,251170,16611632,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Prostate Polliwog,"I've played this game on and off since about the summer of 2014 when it was early access. It was a buggy, unoptimized mess. It could barely be played despite the lack of graphics and...really, anything in the game. It would crash constantly on the simplest things.It is now the summer of 2015, and on first loadup I found that not much has changed. Among the multiple bugs I encountered, one was that I couldn't reach my graphics panel without minimizing, then shrinking the window. The moust simply would not move over on the window, it became locked in place. Then when I clicked on the graphics options, the game crashed.I reloaded the game. Crashed before it started.I reloaded the game again. It loaded! I started up a test game to see how it would run, and it finally runs well! So yay for optimization! Then I joined a real game and it crashed on startup.2/10 due to unplayability. If I could actually play it it would easily be an 8/10. I will edit this review if they ever fix these bugs."
76561197998391726,Not Recommended,251170,13486324,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,I Ate Your Muffin,"OMG this game is horrible! This is a real horror game since you have a really bad time TRYING to play it!It lags, A LOT! Crashes all the time AND is buggy as f*ck!My brother killed me, but I did not die, instead he replaced my character and started spectating the game... O__O SOme epic♥♥♥♥♥♥right here!Do I recomend it? YES! All your friends will be really angry trying to SELECT AN OPTION FROM THE MENU, that's funny to see."
,Recommended,251170,12743384,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,|MRDRS| K1tT3n,"Very interesting horror game. Variety of monsters as well as maps and here isn't any sexism or racism! It's realistic by the way you die immediately when the monster hits you and everything has a balance. Being in the dark for too long makes you halluconate. I for one have experienced this one game when my flashlight immediately run out of power and everyone stole all the batteries. I saw faces but heard a lot more things like: grandfather clocks, flashlights being flipped on and off, laughing and much more. It brings out the fears in people when makes it such a good game for any people wanting to play a horror game WITH friends."
,Not Recommended,251170,17100889,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Stray,"This game has potential to be really good, but it's so obscenely broken that I can't in good heart recommend it to anyone. I would've actually asked for a refund for this if I hadn't bought the four-pack, it's that broken. I've only been able to get through 2 games without crashing so far. It's fun when it works, but it doesn't work often. :/"
,Not Recommended,251170,24310595,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Why dem dey name hurricane?,"these ""damn""ed devs need to either quit developing this game or quit their day jobs to develop this game"
,Not Recommended,251170,19159518,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Damage,"Listen. This game back in Early Access HAD potential. I came back to it with friends a few weeks ago to give it whril since they noticed it was fully released. If you can get this game for free, then grab it. If not, don't waste your time.-Its glitchy as hell meaning that one key you need? yeah its under a sofa in a locked room that unlocks that door anyways.-If you pick ""random map"" selection you play the same 3 maps. If you leave that lobby and join another who has it set to random, again, same 3 maps right away.-Lobbies are pretty much non existent. there's always like 3, and if theres more they are all private for friends.-The ""ghosts"" or whatever they are called are kinda lame. The scare factor is 0.-If you have Insanity turned on, Garry's Mod looking heads flash on the screen.All in all it's just, bad. Again, it HAD potential to be a great game but fails to deliver."
,Recommended,251170,7769578,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Nerd'in on my own face,"This game is unique and holds lots of potential, once a few aspects of the game are improved and the genral gameplay is made a little smoother then it should be a great game. There arent too many issues with the gameplay right now other than some imbalances in the monsters power and whatnot. This game is very well made and it's very fun to play now even as it's in the early stages of developement."
,Recommended,251170,14390238,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,put upon paddy,spookyespecially trying to connect to friends sometimes they arent even there like ghosts ooooooo
,Recommended,251170,10553334,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Yuurt,"A unique and fun horror game. Play as the monster and scare the crap out of other gamers/your friends, or play as the survivor and be scared the crap out of as a Lurker spawns in front of you, a Phantom glides by you, or you start to hear the faint cries of Bloody Mary. This game, although buggy (it's still in development), is a fun one that I keep coming back to you. It's simple but effective horror, and without all the disgusting gore and themes of Silent Hill or the like.TL;DR If you like BEING SCARED or SCARING OTHER PEOPLE, buy this game!"
76561198020175424,Recommended,251170,10520942,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Pherby,I eject large amounts of ectoplasm while playing this game.
76561197984714158,Recommended,251170,12782701,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sniikki,"Its an game that with some time and money is going to be one hell of a game,First of the idea of an Human controlled monster is absolutely epic, when in your every horror game ever, you know what the monster is and how it is coded, to what it reacts to, in here its different, you can know the mechanics of the monsters like one review suggested, but the human aspect of how the person plays the monster is different.I scared the crap out of my friends by playing very unpredictable, ie; they saw me and knew i would do some crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ but i didnt, i just remembered the exact spot where they were and surprised them from a different direction, one of the post's suggested that you know what to do with each monster, this is the part where you come along, you can kill the survivers sometimes easily, but hey, whats the fun in that when you can do it so unpredictable causing jumpscares.Youre the monster, You decide what you do, and how you are going to do it.That was mostly for one of the earlier review's.All in all the game is not complete yet, with alot of FPS problems, Login problems, Connection problems, but i can forgive those, for this one will be a gem once it's edges have been smoothed.For now it has also problems with the maps being too similar, so there is not a large enough map creator implemented in the game, so it gets abit repeatitive, i wish they will add a bigger map generator system at some point, and would not hurt to have a few more monsters, 2/3 of the current ones im loving, 1 of them is not so much of a spooky one but more like ''i see it, i avoid it''..But as this is an indie game id give this an rating of 10/10 in indie'scompared to big studio games id give this one a 6/10if the changes and fixes i suggested will be implemented its gonna be atleast a 8/10"
,Recommended,251170,9282621,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Penguijelly,"This game has great potential, if you have played the amnesia games this may be easier for you and recommended for those who like to play a horror game with your friends. It is an alpha so it is a bit buggy but nothing that the devs can not fix.  Also the more people who buy the game the more people will play and the faster you can play the game so buy it...now"
76561198077654580,Recommended,251170,13980866,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Jay Day,One of the most scary games I have ever played. especially  when you're the last survivor! Great game to play with friends!
76561198068228759,Recommended,251170,14857804,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Holdacious,"Damned is one of my favorite Horror games ever. This game is underated and deservers more attention. The idea that you can play this game with 4 of your friends and scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them and hear them scream... Priceless...It's some of the most fun that I've ever had. I wish they would update this game more often and it was more popular, it honestly deserves to be! It has lots of potential to be even better. Add a whole new variety of different monsters you could be, different puzzles for the survivors, different maps. I hope the developers stick with it and try their best to make this game feel polished and done because when it is, I'm sure it will be beautiful."
,Recommended,251170,7297426,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Fireheart,wandering around in a dark hotel is pretty fun
,Recommended,251170,12920601,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,LadiiRider88,"This game is alot fo fun, especially when you get a group of friends to play lol"
76561198054891895,Not Recommended,251170,13459268,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tits Mcgee,"Dont waste your money.Spent 10 minutes trying to find a room to play in and none would start. Then when I find one I constantly get kicked before I can even get a chance to play. Would have been nice to have an ""AI"" option so I could at least try the game but nope; Money down the drain."
,Not Recommended,251170,13170995,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ser Pyunchegonte the Disgraced,"This review is 9 months after my original one. To my surprise, little to nothing in this game is fixed, and in fact seems worse than before. 9 times out of 10, you can't just join a game. Instead, you'll crash and burn! Over and over again! The login system is still as useless as ever, and is just a waste of time. Useless DRM.Like I mentioned in my last review, unbalanced monster mechanics, locked to 30fps. Although, they recently fixed the frame-drops and general terribleness so that's a plus. Still not worth the $15 price tag. Get it on sale or don't get it at all and save yourself the frusturation of restarting the game constantly (and I mean constantly).This game being Early Access STILL does not let it get away with being near unplayable and broken. They've had almost a year to fix these issues, but instead of fix things they add more 'features' onto the game.Side-Note: Even if you don't crash, your friends sure can! Which means you have to restart the entire lobby just to play, and sometimes the entire game. It's better to just restart your game after every round.That's not to say this game doesn't have potential, it really does, but in its current form its awful. Steam really needs more quality control.EDIT: As of right now, apparently boards only go away for some people. So some people can't finish the game but others can walk through them. Good job!"
,Not Recommended,251170,13451215,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kongstantinople,As it was named.
76561198031057643,Not Recommended,251170,13459512,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,66Cashish,"My code doesn't work (tried multiple times and double checked), the game has terrible FPS (updated to latest python, AND I have an exemplary machine that can play almost any game on ultra with 60fps+), so I can't even play it.I'm out 10 dollars. Thanks."
76561198119832993,Not Recommended,251170,13464661,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MINDHAMMER,"I would recomend this game...but it just isn't balanced. It does offer very intense game play, but the excesive radomization means that winning as a survivor sometimes isn't even possible. Slenderman is free, save your money."
76561198069760311,Recommended,251170,11460420,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Epicjynx,"This game is actually pretty fun. Bear in mind this is early access and a lot of things may change. The game is great, it has some flaws but thats ok. Currently there are 3 monsters to play as. They all work differrent and can take some time to figure out, but I like it that way. Every game you have to adapt your play style to the map and monster. Each map has keys and other items scattered around. They spawn in different rooms each time so people can't memorize where they are each game. Playing as a survivor is exactly the same for each character, you have a flash light, you can opne doors (which is way more challenging than you'd expect) and pick up items. Items do different things so be sure to memorize which do what. The gameplay always varies and no game feels quite the same. There are a few bugs, but that'll get fixed. All around the maps are fun and challenging, the gameplay is scary, fun and working. This game is much better with friends toshare your screams and laughs. I give this game a 7/10"
76561198035467785,Recommended,251170,12558711,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Neolost,"Didn't think it would scare me, 10 seconds into getting into game im sitting in a corner screaming and getting shredded, scary as hell. 10/10"
,Recommended,251170,13006093,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Rexi,Achievement unlocked: Scream like a little ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251170,24399517,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Rex Draco,"I wish I could play this one more, it's a blast with friends.You know what, I'll put it out there for anyone looking... It's not worth the price. It's a bit steep and this game is a bit buggy at times. It used to be so unbareable before, but that has been fixed. You know what, despite all the terrible problems my friends and I had, from not being able to connect to losing connection in about once every three or four games, we still played the damn game. Why? It's damn good, pun intended.There is many horror games out there with the enemies controllable. Typically, they stop feeling like horror games and more like competitive games. This one? It did a fantastic job keeping the game feel like a horror game. Though I myself only got scared only so few often (the only game that really consistently got me was Fatal Frame tbh), my friends would regularly scream in the headset. You have no idea how enjoyable and satisfying it is when you're the one causing that. So not only is it fun to be survivors, it's fun to be monsters.However, maybe not at first. The thing is, this game has a very steep learning curve, all from trial and erroring and random google search. The thing is, this game doesn't tell you a whole lot. You kinda just dive in and figure it out. Once you get over that hurdle, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic experience.The variety of monsters is great, all with different rules and gameplay mechanics that makes the game feel fresh for everyone. Some requires you to be sneaky, some requires you to be aggressive, some requires you to just be lucky. They're all fun to play for different reasons, some more than others.The human players have a simple goal of to simply progress. The levels change a bit, forcing players to look all over for keys and the likes. They have no way to fight the creatures for the most parts other than understanding some creatures require you to hide or else they can activate their attack by looking at you for too long. The human players really do feel like they're just trying to survive.The graphics, they're below mediocre. Goods news is that it's so dark, you'll rarely notice how bad they are. The atmosphere, the lighting, it all makes up for it all in my opinion. I'm not going to lie, I cannot stand some old 3D games, I am only human. I cannot even play PSOne games anymore because of my new set of standards. However, this game doesn't trigger any sore eyes. It is set up just fine.There is no single player, sadly, and online is pretty dead. Get this game on sale, get your friends on board, and have the time of your life. It has a four pack, use it.8/10 (I give this score out a lot)Pros-Good gameplay, not too complexed and your goal is typically easy to figure outGreat atmosphere, feels like a true horror gameVariety of monsters, level resets that are always different, this isn't like L4D where it's always the same and you just speed run.Cons-It does feel pretty old sometimes. Definitely hope the developer makes a good sequel someday.Graphics are far from pretty, but you will not notice them too often with the lightingGame has its share of bugsLearning curve, it's obnoxious.The price, jesus christ... wait for a sale."
76561198027042071,Recommended,251170,14054991,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Animitch,Damned is a very interesting game as it has the most interesting insanity mechanics i've seen. not only are there insantiy effects whilst you are playing the game but also when you don't depending on your state of mind when you open the game certain features may or may not work.10/10 gmae of the okay
,Recommended,251170,10496449,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Milk Chan,"One of the few early access game that still receives updates at least once a week, and they do listen to their community.Game is a lot of fun, and the monsters are actually ver well thought and done. Totally worth the buy now."
,Not Recommended,251170,13707330,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Daddy Creampuff,"Out of Pumpkins to Skeletons, this game is about as scary as a kid draped in his mother's white tablecloth because he couldn't run fast enough to the nearest Rite Aid for a Halloween costume. It isn't worth $$$, given it has the entertainment value of a gum wrapper and looks like the white MJ. The only joy I find out of it is laughing at the horrified reactions of the players as I swoop in for the kill playing as the monster. GG"
76561198042030440,Not Recommended,251170,21148069,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Grimtales,"After all this time it's still unplayable for me. This game is horribly optimized and full of bugs. I tried every fix available and still the game is running very badly.It is such a fun concept and I would have probably loved it... If it actually was playable.The best I got was 3 minutes in-game, 5 FPS, 300 ping, glitching characters and then a random crash.I've got a good machine here, so it's not that.I hope they'll fix these issues, otherwise this was just a big waste of money.If they do, I'll update this review. But by the looks of it... it's not going to happen."
,Recommended,251170,23781856,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,RoboRexton,"Is your PC too slow to run Dead By Daylight?Well you've come to the right place.This game involves 4 survivors pinned up against one of the four monsters:-Mary (Teleports and goes on a ""frenzy"" that allows her to kill those close to her)-Phantom (Can't see you unless you're running or close to it)-Lurker (Is invisible to survivors, and traps are invisible to him, his attacks are based on sounds made by traps)-Fallen (Becomes visible once 10 traps are set and will destroy everything)To win as the survivors you must collect keys to open doors in order to look for the items required to escape.  In order to escape you must find both a silver key and a crowbar/hammer.  Once you find these items you can break open the exit door and have everyone escapeThe Game is very balanced in my opinion, a very good monster can kill all survivors, and a well organized team can escape with some effort.The game isn't completely dead, but I do reccomend having at least one friend buy it as well as it can make for much more fun experiences, and the game is pretty low on players.TLDR: It's an older version of Dead By Daylight with different mechanics and lower graphics.  It's a great game, and I'd easily give it a 9/10."
76561197993169724,Not Recommended,251170,13511841,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ryu,"Have been trying to play for 2 hours, and have only suffered bugs.Join a lobby : empty. Even I am not in it. Disconnect / reconnectedJoin a lobby, start a game : freeze at the beginning, have to reco.Launch the game, freeze again. Reco.Finally join a lobby, launch a game and... other people bugs and leave, end up alone with 1 other guy.And again, and again...Even the lobby sort isn't functionning, A* followed by L* then A* at the end of the list, with the alphabetical order selected ? Really ?This is a shame."
,Not Recommended,251170,13513644,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Struck Cold,This game forces you to register an account on their system in order to play the game.  It also installs a FULL installation of Python.  Check your local drive for a Python27 folder after you run the game.
,Not Recommended,251170,13453741,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AROAH The Cuckboi,"If you can get a single game to actually start, you'll be treated to delights such as everyone dying all at the same time, people leaving because you can't do anything once you die, being kicked from server lobbies without explanation, plenty of unexplained game mechanics, the worst server browser I have ever used, being unable to join another server after leaving one, a sense that the game should still be in Early Access, and an overall feeling that if the developers of this game had been someone who knew what they were doing, this actually could have been good."
76561198005693754,Not Recommended,251170,13657069,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,PoopSmith,"Dont buy this game until the devs fix these massive netcode issues.So this game WAS great, and now its unstable.It was a great idea, and still is.It used to be relatively stable, and now is toally error prone.It was a great time with friends and randoms, but now is frustratingAnd then the Menu-Game came.  Of the past 5 hours since re-installing this game last week, I've played maybe 3 matches. Much earlier in the lifecycle of this game, the game was relatively stable and showed great promise. Today my 4 friends and I spent 2 hours trying to login, trying to make a game, trying to join a game, and attempting to force close the game because it crashed hard.In the end, it was better and the idea shows promise, but as of this review it is not worth the money until they fix these horrible stability issues. Don't buy this game until you start seeing positive reviews rolling through."
,Not Recommended,251170,13461558,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pizza Supreme,"Maybe if I could get more than 2 FPS on my dedicated gaming PC this game would be worth while. Running in pygame, no optimization, runs at 2 FPS on the CPU. PASS."
,Not Recommended,251170,13456636,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Your Dad,"Very disappointing. Glad I only paid 5 bucks for it.The mouse speed will drive you nuts. Once you get used to that, have fun finding someone to play with. There is almost no community out there and there's a huge difference in ping between everyone."
76561198032058694,Not Recommended,251170,13486877,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sexy Fish,"Fun with friends but the amount of bugs and glitches makes this a horrible mess of a game that only shines in a few moments.The premise is easy, you are dropped in a small map and you are either a ""survivor"" or a ""monster"" with the choice between three different monsters each with their own powers and personalities.However before this can be done you have to register??? for python some reason even though this game plays through steam. Sometimes this results in a crash and makes your game freeze and you have to use taskmanager to close it. restart... Now you probably want to fiddle with the graphical options as the game look and runs terrible. turning down the visual options helps getting the FPS from 8 to 25 easily...this game looks like it was made in unity like all the easy-to-make-horror-games of the last few years. However changing the graphical options makes the game hate you and freezes again, open task manager and close the game again.Now we get to join a room and this is where the fun begins. Because it's ALWAYS a gamble if you wil connect correctly. Sometimes the game joins a room but places you in a kind of limbo that shows no other players and doesn't allow you to start a game in any way, shape or form. the other kind is where it freezes upon start, open task manager bla bla bla...This game has a good concept and is really fun when it works however before you even get it to work you're already half an hour further and that is just not acceptable nowaday. If you want a good time with friends buy it on sale as a four-pack to have some laughs if you have the patience to get it all working."
76561198091613577,Not Recommended,251170,17666385,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,scabacious,"good lawd, crash simulator 2015 10/10 will crash again and again"
,Not Recommended,251170,16664100,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Drakferatu,Someone should like...take this idea and make a game that doesn't suck testicles.
76561198099226597,Recommended,251170,34249455,Posted: 14 August,all,[Glimpse] Stylyk,"Great fun with a group of friends, sadly not many people play."
,Recommended,251170,11906812,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,kilasha,scream party
76561198040308115,Not Recommended,251170,13444977,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Toaomb,"TL;DR: So bad, not worth.Aside from the constant crashing at the start and insane lag even when running on a computer well beyond this game's requirements, there is pretty much no content. You spend ages in an almost atmospherically devoid environment looking for keys and various other crap without a clear objective aside from 'escape (insert random room here).'Then comes the random♥♥♥♥♥ambience. You hear random things like what sounds like a hotel clerk bell and little bits of laughter for no reason.With these immersion-disrupting sound bits tearing through your skull and the random screen darknening which is also jarring, you are very aware that you are playing a game. There is no mistaking it, the immersion leaves a lot to be desired.Also, the enemies aren't particularly scary. If you see an enemy, you die silently. I tend to just run straight into the enemies because I feel 0 fear at all after the ambience has disrupted everything. The enemies are creepy-ish in their models alone because they arent particularly well done and it leaves a dirty-ish gross effect. Aside from that the game has pretty much nothing going for it.Cool concept, poorly executed design, no immersion, not worth the 5 dollar sale."
,Not Recommended,251170,13524233,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,almost Giovanni,"Is this game still in alpha? Don't get me wrong, Damned is an amazing game; the 10% of the time you can actually play it. But in it's current state it's simply unplayable.- The game crashes much more often than it doesn't. When you start a match it's VERY common for at least 2-3 of the 5 players to drop out because their game crashed. Judging by the fact the game is using 1,000,000k+ memory when I kill it, there's a memory leak somewhere.- Upon rebooting the game, there's a myriad of random glitches. The most notable is the broken login screen. Others include sound simply not working, and lobbies not forwarding you into matches.Outside of these glitches, there's a missing element to this game that's required for horror. There's almost no sound effects. Lurker lurches up to you and ravages you with his giant claws? COMPLETELY SILENT. There's spookity music playing, but you die without a sound. This is a huge problem with Mary, a little girl monster. If she stands near a survivor long enough she goes into a frenzy, and can completely wipe the whole party in seconds. You'd expect for there to be some sort of audio cue when she's nearby, you know to scare you, but nope. There's supposed to be a sobbing noise, but it's so faint(even with that audio maxed) that you can't realistically hear it.The last problem I have with this game is that fact that monsters can cheese really hard if they know the map. Last night I witnessed a match where there was 1 survivor left, who had all the items he needed to escape out the final door. The enemy monster, the Phantom, was simply floating in front of the escape, slashing the air in front of the door. There was nothing the survivor could do. He had to open that door to win, and if he tried he would get killed.The game has great potential, but until they fix their codebase you'll be fighting with the game's menus and glitches a lot more than playing the game."
76561198076869728,Not Recommended,251170,16512429,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,thekendragon,no.
76561198017694828,Not Recommended,251170,16489669,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Louzor,wowi would pay to get this game removed from my list.
,Not Recommended,251170,21720469,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,kiri,"For $20 I got a game that ran at a beautiful 10 fps and super scaled 480p.Seriously tho, fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,251170,32071360,Posted: 30 May,all,dDaunloz,Best horror MP you'll ever play.Would leave you shivering every time.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
76561198019774140,Not Recommended,251170,18206847,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sparda,The controls are clumsy and it was way too dark. My friends and I barely had to spend any time in the game to find out how bad it is. Definitely not worth the hard drive space.
76561198012536044,Recommended,251170,12577806,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Django,"been playing it since you can only see in green and purple in alpha, its come a long way and is updated regularly"
,Recommended,251170,7784711,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RevanNaut,"(The game is still in early stages at the moment so this review will be updated when significant updates occur)I've only played this game for about 6 hours but, from those hours, I can tell you that this game is extremely fun.Not only do you get to play the survivors and try to escape the map you are on but you also get to play the monster (At the moment the only two monsters you get to play as is The Lurker & The Phantom) and hunt down the survivors yourself.There's some bugs that need to be fix but those will be done in future updates to this game.As it is right now, I would buy and play it, it's alot of fun to play with some mates of yours :)"
,Recommended,251170,7794809,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,xX_Xanthos_Xx,"Although in it's early stages, this game shows AMAZING potential. Although at times it suffers from A.I. problems this is the only flaw I can pick out. The game play is solid, and is the closest to a multiplayer, ""Chase"" game we might see for a while. Those seeking a Slender like game with multiplayer support, I recommend this. 4.3/5"
76561198171589373,Recommended,251170,15435471,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Shiro,Its fun creepy and challenging I definatly reccomend this game. The only problem I have with this game is the FPS I only get around 4-5 ingame in lowest graphics and lowest resolution. If you can find a way to optimize it for older pc's that will be great. YOU KNOW nevermind whar I said about performance this game is amazing Idk what I did now I get 30 fps at medium settings. If you have a good peformance pc go for it buy this game!
,Recommended,251170,12712386,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,𝒔𝒉𝒊𝒏𝒏𝒊,"Damned is super fun when you play it with friends.There are only two cons I've experienced:It can be a little quirky sometimes. For example, I find it difficult to open/close doors for some reason. (You have to click & pull or push on them or something, but they don't always move like I want them to)In-game, I experience minimal lag. Yet in the menus, the mouse cursor is sluggish & laggy. I looked it up and it appears to be a common problem."
76561198080698498,Recommended,251170,12336067,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,StarxStone,"Dispite all the negitive poo-poo people have been ""JUST LITERALLY"" throwing at this game, old uncle Star will tell you how it is.This game releases about a year ago and it was really buggy and had very few features. Dispite all that it was actually really good and had a nice simple concept, let your friends fear you and you fear them.The game features a lot of awesome horror aspects that you can't often find in other multiplayer games. At the very least its a really good cat and mouse type game. I encourage you to at least give the devs some time to fix the bugs in the game, they've worked really hard and I know usually I'd toss out devs that do nothing but bug fixes on a game but this is whole-heartedly me stating this ""this game is worth it"". I know a bad game when I see it and this is not one of them.I encourage you to either wait to play or add me to talk about it. Its a good game thats slowly coming together"
,Recommended,251170,7346392,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,R34LM,"While it is early in development and therefore bugged a bit, this game is how Amnesia would look like if you did multiplayer. It is ambient, creepy and horrifying as the survivor, with a freak game (yet original) of hide-and-seek for the monster. It is especially terrifying if you got a clever friend playing as the monster. Check it out!"
,Recommended,251170,13726459,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Briz,"I had a blast playing this game for the first time last night.  Was playing with several friends, and we were taking turns playing the monster.  I had a ton of fun tormenting my friends as Mary, a monster that is basically the little girl from The Ring.  I would see their flashlights shining around, and I would just try to stand somewhere just out of sight, so they'd turn the corner and see me standing there motionless, and then yell and run.  Once, a new friend joined the game, and he saw me standing still, and wasn't sure if I was the monster or what.  He just kept his light on me and was asking in voicechat if the girl was a monster or a friendly.  Then I suddenly went into frenzy mode and rushed directly at him.  The resulting shrieks of terror had me laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off.  The game was a lot of fun, and we'll definitely be playing some more."
,Recommended,251170,14634274,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ABluSkittle,A really fun and challenging game. Very creepy. Great to play with friends. It is a little rough around the edges. I hope to see them polish it up a bit more.
,Recommended,251170,8929512,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,◢◤Fuzzy Juzzy Wuzzy◢◤,"The general idea and concept behind this game is great, Basically the game is similar to amnesia but with friends, and as we all know anything with friends is better even if the gameplay is dreaded.In this case the gameplay is actually pretty good, Jump scares tend to be common and if u really jack the music up hairs will rase.Playing as the monster is difficult but easy to pick up once you get going and alot of laughs can be had, playing as a human on the other hand can be scary to say the least, with a first person camera style and rather hard to see without your flash light on making this game one of those games where the more friends you have working together generally makes you wonder if its better to split up or stay together.The main part that lets this game down significantly (at the moment atleast) is the fact that the game crashes constantly when entering or leaving a match, making actually getting into the game rather frustating to say the least not only that but the game isnt too well optimised at the momnet and even with everything turned down the game can at times run pretty badly.If you have a group of friends this game is worth looking at if your up for a night of scares and fun, otherwise for now you can give it a missOverall Damned is a fun but scary game but in its current ALPHA state this game could be given a miss for a while id only recommend this game if you have friends willing to play with you."
,Recommended,251170,8011533,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,CheechBurrito,this game is rly fun.Its like a scary game but not as mutch.Its fun you should get it.
76561198098320787,Recommended,251170,8587481,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,JuanThoee,"Love It, I Played it and got hooked fast. So what if it has its bugs and problems its still fun and a great game. It feels like a crazy horror movie. Just lots of tension and fun everywhere, But the scares are ♥♥♥♥ing epic. To ANYBODY and EVERYBODY that reads this who doesn't got the game , YOU MUST GET THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its Just ♥♥♥♥ing Dope."
,Recommended,251170,11733140,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,TaNo,"Its a fun game to play with friends and scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other. However, the game is extremely buggy and lots of things need to be fixed"
,Recommended,251170,10270703,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RORO Star,Buy it along clean underwear 10/10
76561198003224007,Recommended,251170,11351960,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Shroomy,"Great game, cheap, and hours of fun with your friends. come wet your pants in this chilling, horror, run for your life joy ride."
,Recommended,251170,11362365,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,"""rawr"" said the dinosaur","A bit pricey (I bought it when it was cheap) and a little unstable and a pain to get running at a decent framerate.But still very fun to play with friends (and sometimes randoms)Biggest non-bugs complaint so far is that the game isn't intergrated into Steam, rather it uses the dev's own external servers. I personally prefer it when games don't make me sign up for an account just to play them."
,Recommended,251170,11370515,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,|UP| Sincere Pickle,great fun much scares 10/10
,Recommended,251170,11395834,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Newmar,Great game to play with your friends.At each move and action you can scare or get scared.
76561198044650121,Recommended,251170,11212928,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Marjorine,"This game is awesome to play with friends. It's alot like Amnesia or Outlast as far as playstyle goes. It still has a few bugs and the graphics need to be touched up, but this game is really fun for being in beta."
,Recommended,251170,2155586,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,jim,2spooky
76561198066455107,Recommended,251170,13738497,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,McNay,"A good bit of fun to play with friends. Recommended to play with people you know as it adds to the tense atmosphere, aswell as humour and a bunch of jumpscares. If this game is one a good sale i would reccomend you buy it although it is in need of more content."
76561198042287075,Recommended,251170,9243855,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,mishe,That was scary excpet for the fact that me and my friends are on skype
76561197961146983,Recommended,251170,7582996,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,rooast ッ,very nice
,Recommended,251170,7452138,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,EL JEFE,PEOPLE WE NEED TO PLAY THIS!
,Recommended,251170,14848687,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,FazB,I think this game is pretty good.Especially with a couple of mates (preferably 5)So then you can have 4 survivours and one Monster.The game can sometimes be a bit buggyAnd I personally wouldnt pay full price for itMaybe worth for $10 or less.
,Recommended,251170,16345790,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Abdul Alhazred,"So you should know theres a specific music when the player playing the monster manifests itself, and one time in early access I was playing by myself trying to recreate a bug I experienced when playing earlier that day. It was just me as a human wandering around no one in the game, except me. Then the monster music started playing, and I just about crapped myself. This game will sucessfully spook you."
,Recommended,251170,14120858,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,V.,"♥♥♥♥ing piece of lagging♥♥♥♥♥♥ but still fun to play, when it workspls fixupd: almost impossible to play if you're not a host, cuz 70% of hosting ppl dunno how to start a game properly + some maps contain certain bugs like a crowbar appearing instead of metal/steel key at the factory or missing key (you get a wrong one instead) from one of asylums+ invalid password♥♥♥♥♥♥happening sometimes, once steam restarting helped me to fix this, but then it didnt work out"
76561198045133502,Recommended,251170,10732298,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mulder,Only 3 hours in but this game is ALOT of fun to play with ur buddes. EXTREME spookometer alert
,Recommended,251170,9669850,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,TRASHCAN,"This the most fun and terrifying game to play with friends, or even enemies. It really opens a door to new horror, especially when someone you know is out to kill you as a horrific monster that can pop up anytime, either by setting off traps to know your location or lingering too long. I promise, you will get a thrill out of it."
76561198000430061,Not Recommended,251170,16130326,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SwizZzle,"Was fun. Nothing new has been added in ages, no reason to play now."
76561198084292355,Recommended,251170,14766314,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,GOD,"Here how my first play session went:1. Enter game with a few kids who all speak spanish(why me..). Guy choose Mary. Im loling so hard. This monster moves as fast as a turtle, looks like the girl from the ring, and she cries like a spoiled kid at Toys R US. I get in the kids face right from the start and runs circles around him. Siddenly the barstard dissapears. This ♥♥♥♥♥ can teleport!? Anyway, I keep walking around, picking up keys while the spanish talkers rapidly cursed and spewed words I didn't understand. Suddenly I hear the death screams of one of my spanish brothers. Mary can actually kill? theres no way......Then after 10 minutes, Im the last one. I can hear the crying around the corner.  I turn the corner and there she is. This time I walk away. Then I hear this loud♥♥♥♥♥scream and what do you know? Mary is dashing at me like a mad Kenyan. I juke hard to the right and dodge her, running like hell. I close the door on her face and hide in the corner. Sad thing is she can open doors. She opens the doorGets on the floorEVERYONE WALK THE DINOSAUR."
,Recommended,251170,13794417,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fallacy,10/10. A game thats so good you even♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants as the Monster..
,Recommended,251170,14772890,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,CptBipto,"if your friends think you are a ♥♥♥♥♥, then you should confirm their suspicions as you scream like a ♥♥♥♥♥ at the sight of a man made of meat closeing the door behind you and make sweet love to your♥♥♥♥♥♥on proximity chat"
,Recommended,251170,16560151,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dr. Badnews,"pros:multiplayeractually scary (I turn my gamma WAY too low intentionally)very fun (when it actually runs)NOW, THIS IS WHAT YOU REALLY WANNA HEAR:cons:buggy as hellgame crashes all the time (yes, I know that means buggy as hell, but I have to emphasize it, never had I played a game this buggy...  other than maybe prototype)have to wait till server logs you out to log in again to game (which takes forever, like....  don't expect to rejoin the same game)written in python (worst language for games)tiny community (I don't care bout this as much though)horrible servers (people with not so good connections hosting the games)empty lobbies forever....I'd still recommend this game though, just cause of how fun it is, hope the devs actually update patches"
,Recommended,251170,9008196,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Stewie,"I like this game, Its good fun. Lots more to be added that I look forward to."
76561198105128398,Recommended,251170,8262340,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nax,very good game!!!!!!!!!
76561198045223552,Recommended,251170,11568921,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,PANG,is cvery col + scared sometym can be danger also :)
,Recommended,251170,13804423,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Corey Taylor's Neck,"Gameplay wise, this game is very fun and unique, creates great moments with friends and is actually scary. HOWEVER, it is very buggy when trying to start a game, it will often freeze up and be very difficult to close out and start back up. If they fix this major bug the game would be amazing, but right now I would only say its worth a buy if you play it with friends and can handle the lobby bug."
,Recommended,251170,11891843,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,NotARussian,"Currently in Beta Build 1.12a been playing since the Alpha stages and boy has this game come a long way. Consistently keeping me on my toes and never fails to give a good scare. Still a few bugs here and there but its doesnt deter from gameplay much. When you find a good group of 5 you almost dont want the lobby to close because you're having so much fun.Great concept, great game and its only getting better and better!"
76561197990344106,Recommended,251170,17132027,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,𝕭𝖊𝖓𝖓𝖄 𝕷𝖆𝖛𝖆!,Please no.
,Recommended,251170,13525512,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Neil Neil the Elephant Seal,"This game is so broken. Will randomly delete files it needs to run, need to verify integrity. ""Server down for maintenance"" restart game. Will randomly crash/freeze when starting a game.Get 4 other friends together and its one of the best multiplayer games i've played.Don't expect a well polished game or even one that looks good, if this game was any better it wouldn't be fun.For added fun do not use 3rd party voice chats, use the in game 3D voice option....makes it sooooo much better.Note: The game is very poorly optimized so it will run like garbage no matter what high end specs your computer has.10/10"
76561198049689227,Recommended,251170,13629381,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sir Lord McSassyPants,A great game to play with your friends. The game is fun to figure out but until you start to learn the quirks of the monsters the humans will ALWAYS lose.It requires a certain type of calm thought and situational awareness to make it out alive. Keep in mind that the game requires a license key so family sharing isn't an option.
76561198106549012,Recommended,251170,17538388,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,RagingGamerLOL,This game is fun multiplayer horror game. I played this game with my friends and we had a pretty good time scaring each other. Although we havent played this game lately it still is a fun game. Its kinda fun to know your being chased by one of your friends and you may never know if he/ she is behind you. They may pop out at you at any point and they might catch you in a corner.
,Not Recommended,251170,21042087,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Prizm,Really like the game but this BUGS are killing me. I cant enjoy the game because it just carshes what can I do about it?!!?
,Not Recommended,251170,20247380,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Apostle,What did I just buy..............
,Not Recommended,251170,21146301,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ellie Yandere,"I'd seen gameplay on this beforehand, and it looked like a fun game to get on sale.  Unfortunately it is horribly buggy to the point I couldn't even properly play the game as my fps was stuck at an unplayable 15fps no matter the graphics settings.  After chaning numerous settings in game and for my card, even looking up solutions online, I just ended up refunding the game.  Most likely it had to do with my Macbook Pro running boot camp Windows, so maybe the AMD driver was having issues.  If someone manages to figure out a solution, I'd gladly buy it back to give a proper review.  But for now I can't say too much positive about it."
,Not Recommended,251170,21098513,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Big Gelfin,So bad yeah
,Recommended,251170,15776353,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,derpina,"I played this game like 20 times already and every time it's scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. I always need some rounds to get used to the atmosphere of damned. It's so damn terrifying but at the same time so addictive.I love to play it coop with friends but I guess I'm too afraid to play online with people I don't know :DOnly negative thing I have to say is that the outdoor map is just crap because as a survivor you can hardly make any progress. And as a monster it's so hard to find any survivors. The map is just too big.However I love this game and I look forward to some updates, maybe with a few more monsters. I recommend this to everyone who just likes to play horror games."
,Recommended,251170,8993668,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,MrsBadExample,I have become terrified of walking by everyday objects and triggering loud noise clips. I'll never go near an Ouija Board ever again.
,Recommended,251170,14541520,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Soul inside the machine,"this is a game best played with a group of friends over skype or team chat, and you can all have a good time hugging and cuddling in the corner as one of you friends hunts you down and traps in a corner and eats your flesh and sacrifices ur bones to satan"
,Recommended,251170,27489236,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Salty_Balls,Enjoyed this game very much! scary as hell sometimes xD
,Recommended,251170,34361477,Posted: 19 August,all,Brodney,"This games fun as hell with friends. Sad to see they abandoned it. Its fun with friends especially if youre wasted! Not worth $20 tho, get it on sale"
76561197965916889,Recommended,251170,13791068,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dalyon,"A monster vs survivor scenario where it's a race against time to escape the level before everyone is killed off trying to navigate a claustrophobic environment. Plenty of back and forth travel, thorough searching for objectives, vigilant looking over your shoulder constantly as the monster is fully capable of appearing literally anywhere at any time, creating an unparallelled level of suspense able to leave you shaking even long after you exit the game.It's low tech, has a fair share of connection issues and bugs, really simple gameplay and the balance between survivors and monsters are questionable but with the right player behind the monster he'll be giving you plenty of frights before finally deciding to seal your fate.A horror multiplayer that is well capable of preserving a multitude of terrifying experiences even after countless hours. It honestly deserves way more attention. THIS is how an asymmetric horror experience should be designed."
76561198088380225,Not Recommended,251170,19227336,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,#DOMO,"Damned is a game that pits 5 players (or less) against 1 monster. The goal is to escape whatever map youre on by getting all of the keys, finding where you need to go, and staying clear of the monster. It is a very interesting genre to say the least and the time I did spend on it was a blast. It was scary and well thought out in my opinion. However. I would only be able to give this game a thumbs up if the servers were not as awful as they are. I can hardly ever find matches and when I do the ping is at 8000. Now you might be thinking, ""Oh his internet just sucks"" Well you wouldn't be wrong, but even when I find a server with decent ping I join and others are getting disconected. I have 9 hours on that game and about 4 of it is actually play time. The rest of it is trying to find a game. So take from this what you want. I could not play long enough to enjoy it.EDIT 8/23/17: Game seems to be dead at this point, which sucks because the game had a lot of promise, it was a lot scarier than DBD and there was more to it than DBD, to bad the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥and no one plays anymore."
,Recommended,251170,7934813,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Lucifrost,"this is a super fun game! it's basically if L4D's multiplayer met amnesia's gameplay, sans the puzzles. it's a randomized horror game, where 4 players try to escape and 1 player, the monster, tries to kill them. it gets very tense and can be pretty scary. it's still in alpha so there are some crash issues/other bugs but it's still a blast"
,Recommended,251170,13443947,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,[RB] Blaster Guardian,"Ohh my God, this game is absolutely flipping amazing.  Buy this game if you have friends who play it (or are willing to play),  as this would probably be a lonely experience single-player.  In the Lobby, you can choose to be either a Monster or its potential Victim.  Right now there are only three Monsters to choose from, so I hope that will change.  Of the Monsters available I've played as Mary and the Lurker.  Mary is your typical ghost girl, slow-moving, but get close to potential Victims and you can enter a Frenzy mode in which to attack.  As the Lurker, you can activate objects within the level that will set off traps/cues if your potential victims walk near or activate the items themselves.  Victims are invisible while you are in ""normal mode,"" but you can manifest physically and hunt your victims down.A lot of the fun of this game will likely come from playing with friends and using the voice-chat.  The buddies I game with all use TeamSpeak, and whenever I played as Monster I either groaned or spoke in a sing-song voice, and my friends were screaming like young girls.One thing I don't understand is whether a potential Victim can actually survive.  There seems to be no way for potential Victims to defend themselves against Monsters, so it's down to hunting for the right keys as quickly as possible.  It also seems that, once a Monster closes in, it's a one-click attack and you go from potential Victim to actual Victim.I would request that a third-person mode be made available, because what's the point of being a Monster when you can't enjoy the look?In all, I really got into the role of Monster and actually felt a little anxious as I ran around as a potential Victim when it was my friends' turns to hunt.  This has all the qualities of a good ""scary story by the campfire.""  It may not be a ""true"" horror game like the Silent Hill franchise, but it's still a pretty damn neat idea."
,Recommended,251170,10923936,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pixeluna,"So far I've been very impressed with this game. At the time of this review it's still in early beta, so has definitely had it's fair share of bugs and crashes and can be very unstable at times. Regardless it's a ridiculous amount of fun to play, especially if you can get a full group of 5 friends. Who doesn't like scaring the hell out of their friends?! I've played each of the maps and monsters a ton of times and it's still always a challenge and always a good time. The recently added monster (Mary) and insanity system added a lot to the game. It makes me very excited to see what the game will be like at launch. It's already a lot of fun, and definitely has a lot of potential!"
,Recommended,251170,10927797,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cryptic,With this game being an Early Access game I would say it's on a good path of being successful. Couple of bugs here and there but the experience is still there and its also all over my pants.
,Recommended,251170,8351143,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MegaNerd,"While I find this game really fun, especially in the first time in the areas, I was so unfamiliar and getting horribly frightened especially when the lurker set off item traps so everything started dinging and going off around me.As fun as it is, I feel the level variety and maps could be a bit more mazelike, confusing to both the monster and the humans, making it harder to track as well as potential changes to monster styles. As stated in another players review, they recommended a way of allowing the Lurker to interact directly with objects to scare people, without actually being able to kill them. Beyond that, I find the Lurker insanely fun with setting traps and waiting for the careless humans to set off my traps to alert me to their location. I remember once I waited for the traps to alert me, and as soon as one right next to me went off, I turned physical, staring face to face mere feet away from 2 humans, who both panicked in their attempts to run away.In addition, I feel that the Phantom should have its range reduced a bit and if possible, sound waves emanate from the area sound was made, whether from a trapped item, or from a persons steps, and make it easier to track a person through small bits of sound, but in areas where theres lots of sounds going on, it could become confusing to the phantom what sounds are actually people or are the items. Either that, or make it so the phantom has to actually attack like the lurker does to kill, and not just walk through the person.Another suggestion I would have at the moment (not knowing if/what monsters will be added as well as maps) is to have specially designed large maps that can support up to 10 players, and 2 players play monsters. Imagine them working as a team, the Lurker setting traps and turning physical right in front of people, and in their panic, they run away, attracting the attention of the Phantom or continues the chase. I feel it would be a much more intense experience for people if it were balanced properly.Overall, I feel the game has immense potential and am really excited to see the game grow."
,Recommended,251170,13576694,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Unknown,"Despite some negative reviews and bugs, this game is much scarier than some modern horror movies. Highly recommend it if you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥some bricks."
,Recommended,251170,29104997,Posted: 7 January,all,b-rom,"Damned is a flawed game with a tremendous amount of potential.The basic premise is an asymetrical multiplayer FPS horror game.  Four players play people and one person plays some sort of monster.  The monster is invincible and can kill any of the players instantly.  The players need to navigate their way through frequently labyrinthine levels full of locked doors and... well locked doors.  If the monster kills all the players, the monster wins.  If the players find the exit, the players win.  The monsters can only hunt the players at certain times in certain circumstances.  The rest of the time they are trying to keep tabs on the players if they can, and generally keep the players as scared as possible.The things about this game that I love:- As a player, because you have no real defenses of your own, the monsters are terrifying.  Seeing one always elicits an immediate and frantic attempt to escape.- The 3D attenuated sound means that the monsters can really add to the experience by acting in scary (or funny) ways.- The complicated level layouts leave lots of time for the players to get lost, get separated, be hunted, etc.  Games almost always last long enough for quite a few good scares and intense moments.The problems with this game:- Horribly buggy.  We have never had a gaming session that hasn't been marred by game crashes, freezes, etc.  It can be tricky to recover from some of these crashes, and sometimes they'll require a hard reboot.  Also, the game requires a login, and if you crash sometimes that login gets locked in a session meaning you can't rejoin for a while.- The monsters have very little to do in the periods when they aren't being a direct threat.  Sure you can ""place traps"", but that entails nothing more then clicking on objects.  Not particularly exciting.- The players have only one puzzle to solve.  Find the key that fits the door.  And there are no clues as to which key is for what, so not only is it a very boring puzzle, it's extremely tedious as you try every key you find on every door that's locked.  Sure, there are also boarded doors and safes, but they are still the same mechanic, it's just that the key is named ""hammer"", or ""crowbar"" or ""safe code"".- The maps and monsters are terribly balanced.  Some monsters will wipe out the players very quickly.  Others will make for excellent experiences.  Some maps fit certain monsters very well, but fit other monsters very poorly.All in all I want to recommend this game, and have marked it as such.  However, it has some serious issues, and I would caution against buying it without being aware of the issues it has."
76561198028104308,Recommended,251170,10499935,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Haunted Adventurer,"BRIEF SYNOPSIS: You can have great jump scares with this beta 3D multiplayer horror adventure where you play either one of four survivors trying to escape, or a horrifying monster attempting to kill the survivors; recommended despite bugs (see forums). * Spoilers below *GAMEPLAY REVIEW:Summary:My childhood nightmares come to life. I'm a wimp when it comes to anything horror, but the multiplayer adventurer in me as drawn me in. It is brilliant to have four different human survivors as a team versus one human-controlled monster. And the three current monsters are terrifying, along with the ten existing levels full of creepy ambiance and atmosphere.Escape is difficult but not impossible for the survivors, who need to find keys and codes to unlock and open doors and safes, use batteries to power their flashlights, grab a crowbar or hammer to smash wooden boards, and eventually escape the monster or fall victim to it. The longer it takes to complete a level, the more the survivors become insane and the more difficult it becomes to escape.In game chat:I really enjoyed using the 3d audio with a microphone headset. It makes a huge difference in the game. Everyone can hear you speaking, so if you want to keep the monster guessing use the in-game text chat (brought up with the enter key). It's also good with chatting in-between rounds in the lobby.Game play seems to favour the monsters, but smart survivors will be able to team up to outwit their pursuer to escape. Even in death, survivors can text chat with the living to give helpful hints, such as “You missed a key in the sink,” or “I have a crowbar with my body on the main floor.”Lobby:After logging in you can setup your options and either join or host your own game. Hosts can have an open game lobby or set a password to have a private game amongst friends only. Some people have complained about being kicked out of games but I think most people who want private games have figured out how to the use password now. Those of you still kicking people, stop being so lazy and use a password for your private games (May the Lurker devour your soul...). The people hosting and the people I've played with in this community have been courteous and fun to play with. Thanks people for making this game even more fun! Most people seem to be on the servers during the weekends.Life mode seems better if you are casually hosting players – people can join in whenever they feel like if there is a spot. Normal mode is more hard core with only one life to live or die with.Levels:There are currently ten levels consisting of three hotels, three asylums, a hospital (asylum set), a restaurant (hotel set), a warehouse (hotel set), and a factory. Each are different sizes and have different strategies. Some have two exits which help prevent monster camping at the exit. Some have stairs and different levels. Some have too many damn tables. Each level is creepy and atmospheric. I AM HOPING FOR GRAVEYARD TYPE LEVELS FOR A FUTURE UPDATE. There are only three different set types for levels (asylum, hotel, or factory).Survivors:There are four player controlled survivor models:Mia the emo; she appears to be Asian and wears miss-matching shoes.Scott the jockey, sporting his Eagles college jacket.Jacob the nerd; he is of African descent and a little stout.Father John the priest; he totes a Bible but it's not compelling monsters to go away.The survivors typically start in a room and have to find keys and codes to unlock doors and safes that will eventually allow them to escape from the level. The survivors are equipped with a battery burning flashlight that needs to be replenished or they will be forced to grope around in the dark. The longer the survivors take to complete a level, the more insane they will become. Others tools survivors will need include either a crowbar or a small hammer to remove boards from exit or storage doors. [A shovel is needed in the graveyard level.] - oops, sorry, don't know how that got in there... There are no weapons or way to attack the monster, which makes then all the more scary. Repeat, there is no BFG to save you!Monsters:There are currently three monsters that one player can choose to hunt down the survivors. I feel the monsters are generally well-balanced. Some people feel the Phantom is still overpowered, despite all the tweaks it has been receiving as of late. Survivors must adjust their game-play for each monster in order to escape.Mary is the scariest monster and my current favourite. She is a great monster with pretty blue eyes, but she has some posture issues. She seems well balanced with her movements and attacks. Her walk mode is a little slow, but her attack is long reaching and swift. Quick manoeuvring for survivors is the key when you hear her scream. Mary has some movement issues over objects and the Factory catwalk.The Lurker is a muscular hulk with two forms. The first form is spiritual and allows the Lurker to freely roam the level, unencumbered by doors. In this mode it can set sound traps that go off when a survivor is nearby to help it locate the players as it cannot see anyone in this form. Once the Lurker is powered up by time it can enter its physical form where it can visibly stalk and kill remaining survivors. After a while the Lurker will revert to its spiritual form where it will have to wait until it recharges and takes physical form again. The longer the Lurker remains in physical form, the longer it take to recharge in spiritual form.The Phantom is a roaming skeletal ghost (the creepiest monster for me until Mary joined) that can see survivors via sound such as the clicking of flashlights, running, or setting off a trap. Then it's either run away for the survivors and try to escape the Phantoms detection radius or get eviscerated by it. When the Phantom hears a survivor, it can see a white shadow, even through walls or different levels, of where the player is.Traps are set automatically for the Phantom and Mary, whereas setting traps is part of the Lurker's strategy. They are generally objects strewn about the level. Each trap makes a different sound to alert a monster to where a survivor is.Sound:The music is great for a horror game. Each monster has its own terrifying theme music when it appears near a survivor. Ambient sounds like footsteps, breathing, traps, and screams add to the atmosphere. The 3D audio chat really adds to the game-play; it is great to taunt the survivors as a monster. Dead players can only text chat.Insanity system:The insanity system increases game difficulty by darkening a survivor's screen to the point of complete darkness, making the flashlight flicker on and off, causing the player to hear random sounds, losing hearing, losing colour vision, having arms emerge from the ground that slow or halt a survivor's progress, randomly disabling a directional key on your keyboard, and flashing images of possessed survivors across your screen. The effects are temporary but potentially deadly.The insanity mode is a great idea and has been toned down from beta 1.0 to occur less frequently. It serves its purpose of making the game especially difficult the longer the survivors take to exit. Apparently the jump scare faces have been fixed so that they don't blind you, but I have yet to see the new effect since my game currently freezes before it occurs. I feel the jump scares are not necessary in this game. Also annoying for fair game-play is the keyboard/mouse movement disabling effect.CONCLUSION:Despite bugs being ironed out during the beta period, I feel the game is a very enjoyable if not a mildly terrifying experience. It's best played with all five people, and the up to four survivors really need to cooperate to escape from the monster. Recommended for beta and if all bugs (especially game freezing/crashing) get squashed for the retail release.Edited 2014-08-26 - [Version Beta 1.12a]"
76561198061056481,Recommended,251170,10246249,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Captain Smoke,2spooky4u
,Recommended,251170,8583084,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mimoxo♥,Seem fun as hell to play with friends :D Who doesn't wanna haunt down your pal and scare them  ;D?
76561198061163138,Recommended,251170,10593163,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Trapster || csgolive.com,This games so good i cant even log in anymore. i really suggest you waste your money on this peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥cant click on servers or start a game.
76561197999607560,Recommended,251170,13465144,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SIGFOR,I was the black guy of the group. Everyone died except me. Ran upstairs and the only door was locked. Mary came into view. I tried blinding her by flickering my flashlight. She left. Realized my chance to escape. Took one step and everything went dark. She started running. Im dead now.4/5.The game is rough to start from constant freezing to having a black screen during game. Once you get past that after constantly restarting steam it is a great frightening game.
,Recommended,251170,8502916,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,PAL-18 🐢,"This game is very very fun.  And gameplay is simple yet very complex.There are 4 humans trying to escape a building.  Throughout each map are keys and other items that the humans need to find in order to escape.  The placement of the items and paths randomize on each map so you have a different experience each time.  As a human you use a combination of left mouse button and mouse movements to open and close doors and drawers.  You also get a flashlight and you can sprint for short periods of time (with a slow regen of sprint).  You can't fight the monsters; all you can do is run, hide and die.There are 2 types of monsters with very different abilities.  The basic mission for the monster is to kill all the humans which is often easier said than done.This game is very fun to play as people will regularly freak out and scream sounding like a little girl.  GET IT NOW!"
,Not Recommended,251170,20288731,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,zeustropoda,too much lag even it's on main menu. worth to refund it again
76561197963394065,Not Recommended,251170,12838757,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Grey,"This game could use a tutorial despite how much I hate tutorials.  You walk around for a bit not knowing what to do and then die.  Door mechanics are a little odd / bad.  One guy with voicechat started explaining the game to me a bit which helped, though a lot of the mechanics are closing a door and standing next to it so the monster can get in... When in reality you'd like to run.  Anyway, after learning that I closed myself in the bathroom stall with the monster trying to open the bathroom stall, the door glitched, I got stuck / locked in the stall with no way to exit, had to quit, kind of lame."
,Not Recommended,251170,12758471,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nifty-Keen,It's an enjoyable game at first but there is too many gameplay and graphical bugs that severely inhibit you from properly enjoying the game. I would wait until there have been some serious patches before buying.
,Recommended,251170,21764609,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Amoriandis,"Mary appears, starts charging one of my group.He ducks into a room, trying to get away, she follows him in.Shut door in his face, held it shut until there was no sound.Would kill random guy again to save my own skin."
,Recommended,251170,16707612,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Hominghead,"Outstanding Multiplayer Survival Game.10/10 britches were soiled.There is much more behind the game, than what you can see on the first glance.Money well spent.You can easily get into the game and start playing, however getting behind all the mechanics in place isn't easy, as such the learning curve is very steep.You don't need to know the mechanics to play the game, however you will notice how hopelessly outmatched you are when facing experienced players."
,Recommended,251170,9255242,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,MonacledPotato,this game could be called perfection and you would not know the difference 10.6/10
76561197978248879,Recommended,251170,13268133,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ankh,"Horror type of game, if there is something I'm sure of - it's that if you play with your friends (as I am), you will and I am not joking - hate these friends once your done playing.Damned is a very intense horror game where you are a survivor that need to escape from a monster  by finding keys to find your way out, or you play as the ghost and your objective is to prevent the survivors to escape.Since Damned is still under ""production"", the game has come very far if you ask by me and it seems as I am not the only one that experiance great gameplay by this game. I hope that it gets more attention by us, fellow gamers and community that is Steam.Definitely worth buying. A perfect christmas present if you want to scare a friend! x)//Ankh"
,Recommended,251170,18559272,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,NubCake,THIS GAME IS TERRIFYING AND ALSO CAN BECOME INCREDIBLY FRUSTRATING. Some of the maps are waaaaaay too open and if you're not playing the right monster it becomes a chore. Excellent game otherwise
,Not Recommended,251170,21518618,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DoTnErIoUs,"why do i need to create an account on your platform for this game nobody has heard of. random drops to 1 fps, can't even type into the email/password box. can't access options, can't click the remember me box. only button that works is the exit game button, thankfully."
,Recommended,251170,19559728,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,General James Longstreet,"""Damned did I just♥♥♥♥♥♥myself?""Play with FriendsUse Skype"
76561198044917795,Not Recommended,251170,32840477,Posted: 26 June,all,Pale Caesar,Could barely get into a game when I first bought it. Now I think its both dead and superseded by any other asymmetrical online versus game out there. Pass.
76561198061861671,Recommended,251170,21043392,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,The Cat Petter,+ Scary even with friends+ Fun gameplay+ Good premise- Crap FPS (I'm getting 25-35 on an FX 8320 and GTX 970 even with settings low/off)
76561198028210641,Not Recommended,251170,16495273,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NeoCross,DO NOT BUY!!! THEY ALMOST NEVER UPDATE AND IT'S A BROKEN GAME!! ALMOST NO ONE PLAYS IT ANYMORE!!! IT'S DEAD!! Caps to get attentions lol
76561198019961071,Not Recommended,251170,18127554,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,lordcrekit,"Like it can be fun with friends, but so can watching paint dry. Not even close to worth 20 bucks. Super buggy and broken piece of garbage."
76561198076792263,Recommended,251170,10509777,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Peewee,"You know what scratch my other review this game sucks. I can't log in to my account anymore because the screen freezes when i try to log in. I want my money back, also the left side of my screen doesnt work when i try to click stuff. I WANT MY MONEY!!!!!!I highly recommend this game to all my friends."
76561197967414457,Recommended,251170,8577997,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Skullix,s-s-s-scaaaary
,Recommended,251170,8599536,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[C3] Джеймс,"I know I've only played 2 hours, but it's an alpha and currently there isn't much new past 2 hours.This game is fun as hell.Disclaimer: I play with a set group of friends who are guaranteed to communicated well & effectively, your experience with random public players will likely be less than satisfactory.This game is really fun, especially when you know everybody. When you're being hunted by the monster you get frantic looking for keys, and when you're the monster it's amazing just trying to plan out when you're going to get survivors or if you just want to scare them for a little bit.Since this is an alpha, there are a few glitches. Some people have issues with alt-tabbing, other times players apparently can't connect. There is also the occassional crash (I haven't crashed or experienced any bugs except the following one). The only game-breaking bug (as in you have to go to a new round) is when you spawn in a room and cannot get out or if you cannot continue, however this is extremely rare.This game shows a lot of promise and is currently extremely fun. There is proximity chat which can be hilarious when the lurker uses it!"
,Recommended,251170,8825357,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Abby Senpai,The best multiplayer horror game I have seen to date.
,Recommended,251170,8864866,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,PlaineWayne,FIX THE CRASHING PLOX
76561198055958124,Recommended,251170,11041504,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Jt,"Highly recomend. Still in the Early Stages, and can be buggy as hell, but my god this game if soo fun!"
,Recommended,251170,10961520,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,N.F.C. PepeUltimate,BETA REVIEWPlaying Damned has been almost a very positive experience for me so far.there is plenty of maps and 3 different types of monsters by far i would have to say the Lurker is very easy to play and would probably be the best monster to start with if you want to make a grown man screamThe atmosphere of the game is perfect and if you are truely looking for scares turn the lights off in your room put on a headset and get ready to scream.Playing this game with friends is absolutely fantastic i end up screaming like a little girl alot.if you are having problems like frame rate issues when you first play the gametry restarting your computer if that doesnt work than unistall the game and reinstall it and restart your computer it worked for me i just hope it works for other people.overall this game is a 8/10 for me.
,Recommended,251170,11098966,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,n̶̲̄̔ẽ̴̜͖̕b̷̡̗̏ù̵̲̗̉l̶̠̊͛á̶̖̜,cool game but do NOT play late at night!
76561198047679159,Recommended,251170,13626123,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lyter,Hey you sick and tired of having to drink coffee to stay awake. Do you ever fall asleep and wake up the next morning sating geez I wish I lay awake scared for hourse then this is the game for you. No need for anymore late night snacks addicition and enjoy your amazing never want to get out of bed at night game for only 9.99.
,Recommended,251170,16610159,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,{SUFA} NomsOnBrains,This game is too fun! I wish I could find more like it.
,Not Recommended,251170,13570920,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TylerRosexD,"I have less than an hour on this game, and I have already got a huge problem with it. Let me just say I think that this game could be VERY good. But at the moment? It's unplayable! Before even getting into the game I had to battle with a server. I can't click leave lobby, I can't click choose a character and I can't even click start a game. My only option was to join someone elses server... There I also couldn't click leave or choose a character.So I went into the game as a random character. The 'helpful text' flashes up and disappears before you have a chance to read it and understand anything. Other than that (which isn't very useful anyway) you don't get any kind of tutorial, nothing else will tell you how to play the game.Because of this I died the second I entered the game - and let me clarify this was a server with new players on it.It activated my microphone, so I was talking to my boyfriend at the time of playing and random people could hear me talk!! I'm not happy about this!! This should be changed!!I purchased a 4-pack for me, my boyfriend and two of our friends, and I am not happy. I wish I hadn't. Although the game looks very good (as I've already said) it's just totally unplayable right now!! I haven't even been able to see who any of the characters are, what any of the monsters do or what the actual objective us (although I guess it's purely to survive and not stab yourself from pure frustration).Don't buy this game, unless it's on a REALLY good sale. Then don't play it. DO NOT PLAY until this game is ACTUALLY finally fixed. It's just impossible."
,Recommended,251170,15844747,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,F̖͕̙̗̭̠̦͡a̸͇̳̞̮̙g,priced raised ;-;i was too scared to play ;-;gr8 m8 8/8 must be f8 dont be l8The game was fun for the 0.8 hours i had the bravery to play it...then i cried evry tiem
76561198010256437,Recommended,251170,13965289,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[Team Siren] Solvanas,Was not expecting to enjoy this game as much as I did. If you've got a group of 4-5 friends give this a go and enjoy hours of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants and laughing at your friends
,Recommended,251170,23882266,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,kazia.webber,This is a great game to play with friends for a good laugh and spook. Few issues with bugs but it's a good cheap alternative to some of the pricier games out there.
,Recommended,251170,8073319,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Starryboii,"Pretty quality game, bugs here and there though the developers are great with communication with there fan base in fixing the bugs almost immediatly. I would reccomend this game if you are interested in a multiplayer horror.8/10"
,Recommended,251170,13581448,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PizzaDeliveryCat,"It's worth it.I had waited so long for a sale and it was definitely worth it.After waiting for the sale for so long and for some features to be added I finally got this game and I've enjoyed it a lot.Aside from the fact that I enjoy scaring people, the gameplay on both the monster side and the human side are definitely both enjoyable. This game would probably be even better buffed if it had more features added in the future.Try to grab this game on a sale and definitely look at some gameplay videos before you buy it. Don't take anyone's word for it. You should definitely consider your options before buying it."
,Recommended,251170,7441038,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,[AGS] XouXou,Crazy & funny co-op first person horror game. Enjoy it with friends and you will like it for sure !
76561198086111056,Recommended,251170,22286400,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Fenix {TheShadows},when the game works over all its a great game fun game play lots of jump scares and plenty of panic
,Recommended,251170,12823056,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,shnanners,Get ready to poop your pantsten outta ten
76561198038473974,Recommended,251170,12977762,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Koffield,This is a pretty fun game and the idea behind it is new to me. Pretty buggy though.
76561198073556410,Recommended,251170,12856266,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,loner,Its a Fun game me and my Friends hunting each other down for hours just needs to work on the glitchyness. but other than that it is awesome.
,Recommended,251170,7578685,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,SkyFoxx,"Tired of single-player horror games? Try Damned.♥♥♥♥♥♥yourselves again, but this time, together as four."
,Not Recommended,251170,21001061,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,I Need A New Handle.,"It won't reconize my CD key so I am unable to play this, I have tried countless amounts of times for ages(Early Access) , I'd like to get a refund seeing as I'm not even able to play and that it is broken. It continues to give me this issue, I should be able to get a refund as it's a fault that I have had no control over, but yet I won't be able to get one, so yeah. ♥♥♥♥ you Steam."
,Not Recommended,251170,13436913,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,AEUHGUGEUGEEEEGHUAEGGAGAAAGHHHHHAGEHUGUUUU!!
,Not Recommended,251170,19702613,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Princess,"I just want to say this is a perfect example of brazillians not checking their privledge.9heads studio has even worse customer service than EA, and Trion Worlds combined.I wont even bother describing this abortion of a game."
,Recommended,251170,20477263,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,✦ MonStar ✦,"Good game, interesting concept. I've always been a fan of games that have monster against surviver such as this, or Evolve. However, I've noticed that the Lurker and Phantom are somewhat OP while Mary and the Fallen are rather difficult to play as they have to set traps."
76561198084559166,Not Recommended,251170,21380559,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,✪ouykcuf✪,cant even play it i get 1fps on start up
,Not Recommended,251170,21399166,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,8:30 Reservations at Dorsia,"Game is permanently stuck in alpha. Great concept,♥♥♥♥♥♥developers. Do not purchase."
,Recommended,251170,12709974,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,LemonLoafer,"Actually a really enjoyable multiplayer horror game, loving it so far. Has some bugs here and there but there's frequent updates and enough content here to keep the fun fresh and exciting. It's also really scary."
,Recommended,251170,14855436,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,DoctorStrogg,Leave they alone in the darkness...Make them fear...Let them hide...Make them cry...Make them pray for death...Toy with them... Don't kill until you'll get tired of playing with them...Over and over...
,Recommended,251170,12406077,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,suzane mcswaney,very spook 10/10
,Recommended,251170,24516522,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Lerenax,Damned horror game. This is great
76561198088706104,Not Recommended,251170,13438692,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,LiL Cripple,"Well for $5 not bad, but no activate code, would be nice to get that"
,Recommended,251170,11435049,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,[MGU] V3SSEL,"SURVIVERS KILL YOU, DONT STICK WITH THEM!!! and now I can join my own world."
,Recommended,251170,9958902,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Euphorix,"I personally love this game, and I've wanted a coop survival horror game like this for years. Even though this game is still in Alpha and has many bugs, it's very well done and I have loads of fun every time I hop on it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,251170,25989885,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Gossett,"Amazing game to play with friends, lacks replayability past 5 or so in game hours, not worth $20 whatsoever. Most I'd pay is $10 if I were to buy it again."
76561198017190242,Not Recommended,251170,19510589,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,KniteMaer,"This game had great potential. Turns out it's just a great scam. Game only worked less than a quarter of the time I tried to play, and it's been nothing but constant framerate issues and impossible to even open. The Developers don't listen to the players and when(if) they update it, it's with whatever some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t no one needs."
,Not Recommended,251170,19492278,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Jeremus,I wish somebody else came up with this idea before 9head did because dear god the game is rougher than sex with a sand paper condom. Game won't even launch and uses python of all things its rough and doesn't seem to be making any real progress either.
,Recommended,251170,29360868,Posted: 19 January,all,SpikesLP,"Damned is the best Multiplayer-Coop-game I ever Played. I have so much fun when I play it.To the developers:You did a nice job with this game. Thank you!Please contact me, if I can help you."
,Recommended,251170,12701219,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Master of None,"Dam, this game is good ˁ˚ᴥ˚ˀ."
,Not Recommended,251170,15175896,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TTA✪Gamer,Don't buy this.You'll just waste $22 on a broken game that refuses to work.
76561198077339945,Not Recommended,251170,16164315,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Gheed,Another pre-release out to take your money. Avoid this game.
,Recommended,251170,30711414,Posted: 24 March,all,[MKN] rUzSiAnJeSuZ,Check out this video I just made showing gameplay footage of Damned and see it for youself if its worth a buy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRNC-OmfSFY
76561197961490220,Recommended,251170,14076922,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,john,YOUR GAME CRASHES TOO MUCH.  GOD DAMNIT YOU ♥♥♥♥S.
,Recommended,251170,18911043,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,✘Mewlie✞ #ricegumisabitch,"Pros:-Multiplayer horror- delivers that so good!-Good spooks-cheap when salescons:-objectives? what is the point of the game, ive played it for a while and still never managed to understand what do i have to do, there is nothing that indicates what you have to do now.-minor bugs-people who hide 24/7 , it should punish people who hide behind doors all the time when its mary who is chasing"
,Not Recommended,251170,16058612,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Conorbls,this game is wank.
,Recommended,251170,26930845,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alistirea - IlunaCheri,This game is fun and easy to make friends. I suggest mostly playing with friends as is though because some people as always on the internet are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and impatient
76561197999325018,Recommended,251170,12990208,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,The Colonel,Great
76561197968909326,Not Recommended,251170,17388217,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tuin™,"Horrible game full of bugs, do NOT buy this, the game crashes, there are no updates even the makers of this game said they won't update too much any more because they re working on other games also don't all for the mostly positive when you see other reviews the game is dead already!"
,Recommended,251170,7400757,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Styke,"Damned takes the best parts of TTT and mashes it together with Prophunt, Darkest Days, and The Hidden.It's legitimately terrifying, and has randomly generated maps and objectives. A player is randomly selected to be the monster, and each monster requires a different playstyle both to hunt, and to dodge.Objectives are random and strewn across the map, but scripted  in such a way that that requires you to cover the entire map to escape. You'll never spawn in a room you can't escape from."
76561198082611857,Not Recommended,251170,34410156,Posted: 22 August,all,Greb,"Great concept, fun with friends, but unfortunately this game is damned - updates slower and slower, game is all but forgotten now, due to this, it is overpriced garbage. Recommend avoiding, even during a sale.Due to this, you'll never find anyone to play with, and when you do the connection will be so bad, optimisation so screwy, gameplay mechanics so broken and unexplained, that it won't even be fun - but luckily it won't last either.Avoid."
76561198064287941,Recommended,251170,13907106,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Badkitty,"The game is a lot of fun, but many bugs still need to be fix."
,Recommended,251170,28004969,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Evil Hyena,Only game where stairs are the scariest thing in the world
76561197988482110,Not Recommended,251170,13440609,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,YourBuddyDill,This game is clearly a cash in on other  a-synchronous multiplayer games being conceptualized off of popular board games. 1 monster vs. 4 survivors is a great concept that this one doesn’t fully realized.The monsters are fine but the only object for the survivors is to find keys to open doors. THAT IS ALL. Me and my friends would voluntarily sit and do nothing as the monster to find all of the keys or get to the end. After 2 hours we gave up. It very much feels like a game that cannot be won on the survivor’s side because the win state and objective for them wasn’t fully realized.The maps are either too narrow or too large and all of the environments feel recycled and with irrelevant obstacles in them.If this concept excites you play board games with this premise or wait for “Last Year”. Which this game feels like it was trying to beat to release
,Not Recommended,251170,8209773,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"This game is not as good as it could have been. Well, not at this moment. It's still in Alpha and I really regret buying it, even during a sale.The engine is faulty, the level design boring and the flash light is of no use, because you can just walk around without any and still see plenty.A tutorial is a far as abscent, which is a no go for any serious game.Okay, it's alpha, but that doesn't mean that you're allowed to sell every bit of trash on Steam as a potential front runner.Believe me, Damned is a bad game. Bad graphics, bad gameplay, bad sound effects and a really bad user interface design."
76561198047249585,Not Recommended,251170,12706338,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Insert Coin(s),"This game looks awesome and I really like the Idea, but it just get's boring fast and at times.. feels repetitive.It's very buggy, and you WILL crash alot of times.sometimes you won't be able to change character, servers occasionaly don't load and the overall framerate isn't exactly 'smooth'.I do not think this is worth the $20 or $10 (sale on currently) as it just doesn't feel finished, and feels as if it still hasn't left early access... unfortunately, it has.thanks for taking the time"
,Not Recommended,251170,23630132,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mark10110,"Since ""Damned"" creators haven't done anything to the game for 6 months, I got Dead By Daylight.... Its cheaper and a hell of a lot better."
76561198048281077,Not Recommended,251170,13413464,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sildanian,Don't bother wasting money on this game. So many bugs and more than likely you will get a server under maintenance issue that the devs have done nothing to fix but keep referrering to thier problem guide which is of no help. Even when emailed they just don't reply and if they do its just to refer you back to the stupid guide again.
,Not Recommended,251170,9904513,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Krombopulus Michael,"Its fun for awhile, not many servers up and if you fail to connect (which happens a lot) or when theres a password (im sure they dont tell you if there is a requirment) you have to relaunch the game to connect again (not fun)"
,Not Recommended,251170,17432450,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Zeb89,Gameplay is completely unfun and  tiring after minutes.Pros- The priest is Vladimir PutinCons- Everything else
,Not Recommended,251170,12716758,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Maaby,"Even at the discount price of 70 nok that would equal something like 8 euros this is not worth it. It is infact so far from worth it you can get. Every time you get close to actually getting to play the game some problem will come along and ensure that you don't. However that is actually a blessing in disguise cause that horrible fps you experience in the menu transfers along into the game and presents you with a unplayable pile of poo that you best stay away from. Theres no early access tag anywhere, but this is clearly an alpha at best. Just don't buy it."
76561198062316532,Not Recommended,251170,10016490,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,taxed_anarchy,"Tons of server issues (there may be 20 games but you cant join any because of an unknown, stupid, reason generated by devs). Unfriendly community (insta-booting (I only say hi and play and have fun so it is unwarranted (could've been passworded))).Really, it probably should just die so we can all accept we wasted our money."
,Not Recommended,251170,12561728,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Squirly,"A great idea for survival horror, and one I hope continues in its development.  The problem, though, is the VOIP feature which rips the atmosphere right out of the game, coupled with the god-awful framerate which makes playing as a survivor difficult, and playing as a monster impossible.Great concept, not quite ready for commericalization.  Do not recommend at this time."
76561198022122450,Recommended,251170,13097245,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,executioner,"Me and 3 friends got this game of a laugh, then MARY ♥♥♥♥ us all over."
,Recommended,251170,13035382,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cluckster,Work together or die. 10/10
,Recommended,251170,12711038,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,✪ fresh^pro #brokemouse,11/10 Scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,251170,11395790,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,★lenn,uninstall button was the only thing that didnt lag
,Not Recommended,251170,13440880,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Great_Snake,"terrible, poorly built, confusing, laggy"
,Not Recommended,251170,12805999,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,NeuroSerpens,A game made with PYTHON that doesn't have a linux version.The absurdity...
,Not Recommended,251170,14610733,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kmod,"Well i be ""Dammed"" that i buy this Game cause it is unplayable and its supossed to be a Final Realeased Game ????????????All Cons that i have with this Game1. I have a really Good Gaming PC and i can run Games like Tomb Raider and Battlefiled on Ultra Graphic and yet here it loooks like im using a Toaster as a Computer cause of thes Damm Crashes and FPS drops2. I cant change the Graphic Settings and I HAVE TO FRICKING USE NOTEPAD TO DEAL WITH THIS ???????????????How in the World could you do this ??3. Many Servers to choose from ... yeah well if you want to play on Servers with 500 Ping wich is mostly the Case4. I have to Regrister to play the Game while im regristerd to Steam to even start the Game ? BIG♥♥♥♥♥NOPENOT RECOMMENDING THIS GAME AT ALL!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,251170,13011867,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,D0UBL3H3L!X,"Not worth the cash.  Doesn't take long to learn about the monsters traps, which afterward ruins the element of suspense.  Audio was good, initial gameplay was good, but not worth the money particularly the 4 pack to play with friends (this should be a try before buy so consumers can make an educated choice).AI monsters would greatly improve the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,251170,21830882,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,billychad,Intensely boring and riddled with bugs. stay away.
76561197962830590,Not Recommended,251170,13438275,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Manly PMS,"Fun, but needs a TON of work. Very clunky. Will change review if they ever bother to fix the obvious issues/performance problems."
76561198084878941,Not Recommended,251170,12733850,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,{TWB} ZachUzumaki,This game i really like cause i like co op and horror so both is good but :/ i cant even move my mouse when i launch it so its good or bad to anyone but who ever made this game and if they see this can u please fix the lag issues :/
76561197995932565,Not Recommended,251170,10425869,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,swh65458,the game is so dam buggy could only play for upto 10mins a time and then crash
76561198066360702,Not Recommended,251170,23871482,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hitler,Had good potential but failed. Dead by Daylight is a simular game thats actully good. Get that instead.
,Recommended,251170,13460710,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Abdullah,"Can't even play.""Your account is being used in a different location""10/10Would waste money again"
,Recommended,251170,24451059,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,PaleoTurtle,"This is basicly Dead by Daylight but it's actually scary. In all honesty though, this is one of the most wonderful games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. It is in my opinion, the paramount of Multiplayer Horror and it is one of the few in that Genre to be honestly scary. The game would be very close to perfect, but if I said it was I would be lieing. There is ofcourse as with any game, the occasional bug and at times it may be hard to find an open game for you to play due to the occasional lack of games and players. But the game itself is simply impecceble, the atmosphere instills genuine feelings of suspense and fear and the monsters are as ingenious as they are terrifying. And this game accomplishes all of that on Multiplayer. It's a shame it isnt more popular but honestly; buy this game. It's a must have. You'll be looking for keys for weeks!"
,Not Recommended,251170,34248336,Posted: 14 August,all,ttv/GodOfRanch,"My experienceis as follows.Bought a 4 pack of the game for 16 bucks and some change with tax.Loaded up the game. The game loads likea turd. Requires seperate key entry which doesn't let you copy pasteSTRIKE 1Finally loaded up and the game had graphics issues just in the loading screen. Mind you no other games have issues and my i7 7700k and gtx 1080 are plenty adequate. ended up having to exit and reload the game to make it work.STRIKE 2Spent 20 mins refreshing to get a game: Nadaspent anther 30 or so having made my own open lobby and hoping someone would join. One guy did briefly saw it was just me and him and bounced.Nearly an hour of waiting for nothingSTRRRRRIIIIKE 3 YER OUTRequesting refund.Clearly the developer has abandoned the game and is hoping to wrangle a few last bucks out of it.Could be resurrected by intergrating steam lobbies and doing away with the archaic put in a key manually system.It's a shame because I have heard the game is good. Reviews for when its actually working are glowing.however i solidly recommend DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!It's a 5 player game. You buy a 4 pack and invite some friends due to steams dumb♥♥♥♥♥system you can only buy one four pack. which is one copy for you and 3 for friends. You can't buy any more 4 packs (assinine I know) so either you have to pay the full 5 bucks for each extra copy if you immidiately know who you are sending to OR you have to try and convince someone to buy a dead game. If they are willing to all play at the same time you might be able to wrangle a game but TBH at this point you may as well buy dead by daylight and wait for ""last year"" to come out like the rest of us asymetrical horron fans.I hope the developer addresses some of these issues and maybe rolls it into a sequel or something.It's a shame. I would have loved to have tried it."
76561198026544872,Recommended,251170,25425082,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ｒａｚｚｏｕ ⚜,"Devs are working on the game since the release. Game aint perfect but still good.Against those negativ reviews, FU."
,Recommended,251170,20404263,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Reyson Fox,"I just closed my eyes in a corner and hope it would never find me.It never did...Was never found again...Got stuck behind a door, worth it - IGN5 STARS!"
76561198068180362,Recommended,251170,13131750,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,LoOOoLq8,the game is awsome  . it look like slenderman but online
,Recommended,251170,10350060,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Justesen,nice game rly goood
76561198005582304,Not Recommended,251170,12834077,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Auroq,"Unifinished and frustrating.Once you're in the game: it's amazing. As a survivor, you're scrambling, looking for the keys out of the haunted area while freaking yourself out as every sound and odd sight could be sign of the monster coming to kill you in one hit.As a monster, it's an incredibly fun game of hide and seek, where you're trying to get in the head of survivors and figure out where they're gonna be, Monsters are slow, so kills are almost always accomplished by laying out an ambush.The problem is it crashes and bugs out so often, usually leaving you hanging on a screen with no notion of what's happening. I figure about 25% of my time playing this game is spent dealing with crashes, bugs, and looking for viable online games to join. This game should still be listed as Early Access, caveat emptor."
,Not Recommended,251170,11645998,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Pointy Cat,What a terrible game. I wish I could get my money back.
76561198098173708,Not Recommended,251170,28726870,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,EzY_ITB,good game overall but the game has died from the♥♥♥♥♥♥dev team not giving updates. 3 updates in a year REALLY? and  1 of them was a killer update the rest was just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. game has died becuase of this GGWP NO RE Dont make anymore games becuase i wont buy them. DONT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOUR PLANNING TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS ONLY BECUASE U CANT FIND ANYONE ONLINE.
,Recommended,251170,8855868,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,mrplastik,"Pretty damned fun for an alpha, and while there's obvious bugs and balancing issues being worked out, I still find it quite entertaining. It's especially enjoyable when playing with a group of friends -- nothing like hearing your buddy scream like a girl because the monster just appeared in the room with you."
,Recommended,251170,23203848,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,RPhoenix,"It's a good game if you have friends to play with.  Don't go in straight for the kill, but toy with them for a while.  Great with skype calls or just playing in the same room."
76561198048412332,Not Recommended,251170,18810081,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,BurgerGod,"Do NOT buy this game.Go look at the forums please. I got this game on sale a while back and it was a big mistake.The idea of the game is fun, but the idea has been done much better on other games.This game rarely gets updates. The community on the game is not high. The monster selection is low and the surviver selection is low. If you play one to two matches with each monster then you will get the game. When the monster you would think it is fun, but no it isn't. As the monster you spend most of the time running around hoping to bump into someone. As a survivor you run around hoping to find a key. You will only get a fast, maybe interesting, game if both monster and players know the map by heart and memory and where stuff tends to be located. Sometimes the game will bug and you can't pick up a key you need or open a door even if you have the right key. Also, if you are playing and the person as the monster leaves the game your entire game is ruined and you are ♥♥♥♥ed. The game wont end automatically nor will it put someone as the monster like any good game mechanic would do.The game itself is really buggy. The engine this runs on is apparently poop so thats a thing.Here is their official website:http://www.9heads.com/games/damned/This link should illustrate the quality they put out. Here is a quote from the devs, ""9heads also uses free programming libraries and engine such as Ogre3D and Bullet Physics proving that you can achieve very nice results with exceptional free/open-source stuff out there."""
76561197997395683,Not Recommended,251170,17864514,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,❈ KK ❈,I would rather masturbate with sandpaper than playing this game again.Got a full refund on this garbage.
76561198177590078,Not Recommended,251170,17902685,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Admin,"If I go into fullscreen I can't move my mouse past the top left corner of the screen so I have to wait until I am actually playing the game to go into fullscreen and then have to go back to windowed mode once the game is over. For some reason chat also didn't work. Lastly the biggest issue that I had with the game was that once I loaded into the game it would crash EVERY TIME, the only fix I found for this was to not touch anything for at least 15 seconds after the game started and even that only worked 50% of the time. Can't even get a refund for it."
,Recommended,251170,21760932,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Le Ruse,"Every ♥♥♥♥ing  time the music starts, i♥♥♥♥♥♥twice a minute"
76561198104826463,Recommended,251170,21841454,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,xXShy_KittyXx,"The game is quite fun. However, just as other players have suggested, some of the monsters need to be better balanced. Some monsters are way too OP (Phantom and Lurker especially) while the others (May and Fallen) are very hard to play with. I like the idea behind Fallen especially, but only having 7 seconds to attack a running player at walking speed after spending 5+ minutes trying to get energy is taxing on the fun.I am also slightly concerned about the price of the game given the amount of content that it has and also how the product itself appears in its current state. There is much potential to this game as it is very unique in that it gives a personal horror experience that is fun with your friends (which you can have up to five of them playing including yourself). However, in its current state, it is not worth $20. I got the game on sale for around $7 and I don't feel I wasted money, however, if I had paid $20 for it, I may have been slightly disappointed. I think $10 would be a fair price for the game in it's current state.Some suggestions that I have personally is adding some new monsters, like maybe a clown (an omage to Pennywise from IT), warewolf, alien (like alien vs predator)... the more options the better. That goes for the survivors as well. While there may only be 4 survivors total in a given game, giving more characters too choose from would be awesome. There is only one female to choose from in the list of survivors, while there could be an all male team, or an all female team. Giving more options allows players to connect better through the character they choose.Another critique is that some of the locations are identical. While there are plenty of locations to choose from, the hotels look very similar to each other, and so do the hospitals. It takes away each location's uniqueness. The forest and the diner and warehouse are good locations. But if there are going to be multiple hotels and multiple hospitals it would be wise to consider making them vastly unique from each other.Overall the game is great, but I would say that the biggest con is that it is overpriced given the amount of conent that it has. When this game is on sale, I recommend getting it, as it is fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,251170,22055843,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Grandpa Karma,This game ruins friendships
,Recommended,251170,17731900,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,She got a donk,I CAN'T FIND THE ♥♥♥♥ING KEYS
,Recommended,251170,18032728,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Damned_Queen,"It is a good and funny game to play with friends, mainly with foreigners but it was abandoned by 9Heads..."
76561198009387569,Not Recommended,251170,23553218,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Dr. Spock,I only have 4 hours because the gameplay is so slow it takes that long to experience it. The game was also not marked as Early Access despite being incomplete when I got it.I demand a refund but get none. FML.
,Recommended,251170,14365542,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kopy Kap,Great fun!
76561198042892836,Recommended,251170,7478625,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Nicky_,Great game to play with friends!
76561198055522016,Recommended,251170,17147118,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,m80pupz,very spooky. almost 2spooky.
76561198026945019,Recommended,251170,18755071,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cirddan,Let's just say I now have BrownPants
,Recommended,251170,16574126,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,cyanide,This is the best ♥♥♥♥ing horror game ever...Literally broke my vocal chords from my screaming...I r8 8/8 m8.
,Not Recommended,251170,16611113,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Stax,GAME IS SCARY! 2SPOOKY4ME.
,Recommended,251170,23735424,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,A$AP $YX,Hella good game withg friends. 11/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,251170,34750920,Posted: 4 September,all,Punished Peenster,"Its good, get it d00d"
,Recommended,251170,10944519,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheNikStik,"I would recommend this game if you have a good group of friends to play it with. It seems like it is stacked in the monster's favor and the controls feel a bit sloppy when you try to open doors or pick up items. Overall, I had a lot of fun trying it out."
76561198047588508,Recommended,251170,10933150,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rock Hawk,"Insanely scary, but ohhhh so much fun. Highly recommended to play amongst friends!"
,Recommended,251170,10977647,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mad Contender,Mary is Scary when she works
,Recommended,251170,8592043,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pegged,"Awesome, first multiplayer horror game I've ever played and been satisfied with. For alpha it is awesome. Hope to see more."
76561198150832874,Recommended,251170,16499399,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,IIIsticks,it is bad but hold on wait for a sale if u feel the need it is very glitchy and crap but it is an amazing game so recomend it is so scary so yeah wait for a sale and buy this please
,Recommended,251170,14481481,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FiddleMaStickiesz,Dis is dank♥♥♥♥♥♥m8
,Recommended,251170,8063302,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mygochu,Fun game. Don't wear pants while playing this game coz ur just gonna sh*t on them.
,Recommended,251170,12548346,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,FoulFell,"Crazy♥♥♥♥♥horror game, super fun and addicting! I might start streaming it!"
,Recommended,251170,23563292,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Milk,A frightful delight!
76561197992887444,Not Recommended,251170,24265546,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hunter88,I bought this game and there were no US players or games.
,Not Recommended,251170,13670006,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,zGruBz,"I'd suggest picking up ""Dead Realm"" rather than this game asi believe the developers no longer work on Damned. I've changedmy review to negative simply because there was always very littlecontent in this game and now how the developers have basicallybailed on further updates leaving the current version of the gameempty and without any real objectives:( 3/10"
,Recommended,251170,9489201,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,HelloTosh,DAMNED goodhurr hurr hurr
,Recommended,251170,14252001,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Scientist,"First of all, make sure you have a good PC. It is a very scary jump scare. It is a fun multiplayer game to play with your friends."
76561197974394992,Recommended,251170,10437953,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Azzybot,what a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ doesnt even work and theres no servers at all
,Recommended,251170,1290936,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Cloaked,Epic game!Yeah it has some minor bugs (since it's in Alpha) but the devs are very active and we need an active community to keep this game alive so BUY IT and let's play it !
76561198196533731,Not Recommended,251170,22223557,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rin,ridiculously slow ans terrible quality
,Not Recommended,251170,25417470,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,GreenJelly MIC,Can't get the game to launch.  Tried installing multiple pythons as was suggested with no success.  I would of liked to try it.  Sadly the game is not very reliable.  Don't waste your time.
,Recommended,251170,22102619,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,YoghurT,"Best game to buy with some friends, free hearth attacks.IceBeer 1990-2016"
,Recommended,251170,22146757,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
,Not Recommended,251170,25560661,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Blondie Deadmaster,I bought this to play with acouple friends. We played for less then an hour. The controls were wonky nothing was really explain none of the killers had a tutioral that really explained them. the game is also DEAD there are 4 servers other then the one you make for friends. I wouldnt recomend this others. it is a creepy game I did scare some of my friends. It was good when it came out but as of 2016 it is not there better options....
,Recommended,251170,20258608,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,steff,So ♥♥♥♥ing good I came in my pantaloons
76561198002236537,Recommended,251170,20044835,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sir Wank,"Turned the corner, saw the phantom, turned around and accepted death.5/7 would be spooped again"
,Recommended,251170,21212100,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Uchiha,I like this game. Good horror.
,Recommended,251170,20250147,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MattMahh,The game is way better then mydamnedpuns....I'll let myself out...
,Recommended,251170,19564010,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Wubziz,"I recommend it, but my PC gave me out while Playing Damned, much of Bluescreens until my PC crushed to death and some PC Parts broke so i had to buy a new PC. But i recommend it :D"
76561198138959721,Recommended,251170,19859555,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Confused234milo,TERRIFIEING but it needs more work and i wish it had a better fan base im not quitting on this games potentiol its great needs work and needs more people people are probably saying they stole this game off dead realm NO THIS CAME OUT FIRST AND WILL ALWAYS BE BETTER
,Recommended,251170,20455927,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RenDragon,Some of the most fun you can have with four friends. Hilarity and terror ensue...
,Recommended,251170,20944620,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,LiquidPink,So much fun!
,Recommended,251170,20262019,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AVGUST cs.money CSGOSELL.COM,My lovely gameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
76561198042112107,Recommended,251170,19041226,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Deadlyinx,"This game is amazingly fun and the best of its specific""coop horror/player as monster""genre. You might say, you only have an hour, how do you know?Well its because it was 2am and my friends were all horrified after 3 rounds, and refused to play anymore that night.Either way, its not a cheaply designed game that could just be a gamemode in Gmod (cough dead realm) and there is strategy and cooperation which is really fun.If you have friends (I know doesnt apply to everyone), get this game."
,Recommended,251170,19142186,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ozunu_Ninja,"Its like an amnesia+outlast multiplayer game-5 Players (1 monester and 4 survivors)-Great devs always adding new stuff/monsters/stages!-Great to play with friends but also rly great if have the guts to go solo :P-Scares the s**t out of you, but hey you get to do the same thing to other players if ur the monster! :D-Stages are rly nicely done and set the mood even before u see the monster and even if u stick together which might be  just what the monester wants :P"
,Recommended,251170,20195090,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Vole,"I had pretty low expectations for this game, but I actually enjoy playing it. I would 10/10 recommend playing with friends,makes the game more fun"
76561198001751217,Recommended,251170,21814362,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ShakyFisher [FAC],Lots of fun to play with a group of friends.
76561198042980739,Recommended,251170,21889679,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,The Smiling Fool,"When I found this game - and noticed it was a 4 vs 1 game I was pretty excited.Got 5 copies, and got 4 friends interested.Started up the game, found there was a random button and went at it.Trying to figure out who was the monster and which monster it was was scary as anything.Then, oh man - then finding out it was either lurker, Mary or the fallen. (We don't use the ghost.)Used the oh so fun door controls and try to hold it shut so the monster can get in and eat my face as the spook tunes make my heart race.Slowly we die off, my room mate is still alive trying to escape our new hell.He hides in a corner, face first in the wall wishing for the monster just kill him.10/10Will die first again, and again."
76561198106618261,Recommended,251170,20656061,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,mr mcphee,great fun very unique  recomend for eveyone  especialy new players
,Recommended,251170,20733002,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ChackenBurd🐔,tricks are for kids
,Recommended,251170,20877725,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,soggybotoms84,I have played this game for a week now and it is a lot of fun. Damned is a great game to play with strangers using in game chat but even funner played with friends. Horror games tend to be less scary when you play with others but Damned pulls of great atmosphere despite not being alone. The game is still a little clunky but with player support it could be a truely phenominal game.
,Recommended,251170,21485936,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Pepto¿,"Though the execution isn't great, the idea and premise of this game is so much fun! Play with friends for even more enjoyment!"
76561198145740816,Recommended,251170,20160404,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Dankest of Memes,Extremely fun with friends!
76561198050181171,Recommended,251170,21820319,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Wood league champion,Hearing your friends having a♥♥♥♥♥♥fit is quite satisfying.
76561198202472885,Recommended,251170,33622906,Posted: 17 July,all,Onikami,"Other then the lag, it is a great game to play with friends. As long as you aren't too try hard about it, and you learn the maps solo a bit, you become better and it gets more fun.Although I wouldn't pay 20 dollars for it... I got it when it was on sale"
76561198045753481,Recommended,251170,7319438,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Horsee,Scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and funny as hell with friends!
,Not Recommended,251170,26258071,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,CludD,"This game was better before, now if you dont have any friend that plays it then you cant play it, its full of private games."
,Recommended,251170,33825065,Posted: 26 July,all,AmplSi,"While it isn't quite as polished and has less active players than counterparts like Dead by Daylight, I have thoroughly enjoyed this game in all it has to offer. It is mostly well balanced, the randomization is noticeable but not irritatingly so, and it really does work as a horror game. It offers an amazing atmosphere and interesting mechanics both embedded in the maps and between the various selectable monsters. The movement and interaction is, if memory serves correctly, a tad bit clunky, but it isn't really imparing in any way. It only leaves me wanting more maps to run in and monsters to run from. Genuinely good game."
,Recommended,251170,18127306,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,"the guy who shouted ""I got this""",Bring friends
,Recommended,251170,11241479,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,The Savage,I have fun with this game. Great with friends.
76561198055073159,Recommended,251170,24538172,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,hypershadic11,"Old game, new reviewGot my scaredy-cat 'I'll never play a horror game' friend to play it with meWifi brokeMonster glitched through walls to him10/10 would use to scar my friend again"
,Not Recommended,251170,29238846,Posted: 13 January,all,Shadilay,I played two days but found little to no players online so unless you get a group of friends together to play its not worth the money.
,Recommended,251170,13823354,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Injun,am her 2 spook 11/10 supar spokey must buy had heart attk writing review
,Not Recommended,251170,25370260,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Space Man,"I picked up this game a couple years ago and it showed a lot of promise, as this type of game wasn't terribly common. The whole one monster 4 survivor thing. My friends and I played it and had fun, but I've since discovered a much better game that's the exact same price. If you're looking at this game chekc out the game Dead by Daylight. It's a much MUCH better game than this is. Maybe if this was more like $10-$15 it might be worth it. But the $20 you'd spend on this you'd have a much better time with Dead by Daylight"
,Recommended,251170,16233556,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DerpyCat,"I'm not really sure what to give this game. The past month I've been losing connection in every server I join, and I know it's not because of my connection.If I had to give it a rating based off my previous experience? I'd give it an 8/10, because the only issues I have are the lack of monsters and the spectating.If I had to give it a rating based off of the last month of me trying to play it, I'd give it a 2/10, because I still got to play in a server for like two minutes before diconnecting."
76561198140550300,Recommended,251170,32047300,Posted: 29 May,all,Mewbie,"Being a moster or a survivor makes no difference to me because I end up screaming anyway. My friend who was playing with me stood behind me as this witch and just asked me to turn around. I was too scared to even do that. x'D That is the point of the game is to be scared with your mates! Oh, wait, you're meant to survive? Oh.."
76561198021757575,Recommended,251170,14212730,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,EEEHHH!!
,Recommended,251170,14307974,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,temeeeez,"This game is amazing. A multiplayer horror game executed greatly! While most multiplayer horror games fail, this is above the rest. Imagine searching room after room to find keys to open new doors and you walk out of the room, only to see the enemy standing out there. Nothing beats the tension in here."
76561198091103208,Recommended,251170,13257184,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,1B-15-FirelFox,This game hmmm this game is very intresting and fun  if your  in to one of those games you aways gotta  whatch your back AWAYS! OR U MITE DIE FROM BLOODY MARRY ETC SO GOOD GAME
,Recommended,251170,13491247,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bitchtits,Made me want to♥♥♥♥♥♥myself and have a mini heart attack a few times. Glitchy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mary can go ♥♥♥♥ herself. I'd play it again.
76561198079441732,Recommended,251170,17129624,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Soviet Milkman™,good game
76561198002585649,Recommended,251170,18865795,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,WallMart,Panting like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ simulator 2015.
,Recommended,251170,18867618,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Red Player {HellRaiser},"Devs where you at? Its an amazing game even better then Dead by Daylight but theres been 0 progress on the game for over a year now. Food for thought if you were to make this game into a hd remake, keep working on it from there, and advertise a lot more then you did for this game because almost everyone I know and talk to online think Dead by Daylight is the first game to do horror 4v1, the game would be a selling hit giving Damned the respect it deserves.For people out there looking into buying this game get it if your into horror games, its a blast when you first get it and you'll feel you got your moneys worth but just know its not Dead by Daylight graphics, it has a lot more to offer with its variety of maps and ways to escape."
76561197971125754,Recommended,251170,18800729,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,H.E.Pennypacker,Great game. Had me screaming like a little girl in no time.
76561197961731704,Not Recommended,251170,29837548,Posted: 10 February,all,AmsterdamHeavy,"Thought it would be good with friends.  Boy was I wrong.  Good concept, exceptionally poorly executed.  Exceptionally poor graphics. Plays and feels like a game from the 90s."
,Not Recommended,251170,9132132,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Manbearpigbear,"Would not recommend, gameplay is slow for survivors and monster gameplay is just FAR too easy and boring, at this state the only thing i can say is that i wish i had tried it earlier so i could have told more not to buy it yet"
,Not Recommended,251170,9820978,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Mondale,"I bought the game when it first came out and tried to make an account.  I try launching the game and it didn't work, I installed Python 2.7.4 and it didn't work.  Finally they fixed that problem and I try to sign in.  My account didn't save, and when I tried to register my game with the code I recieved, it said it was already used(I knew this, because I WAS THE ONE THAT USED IT).  Never played it and I've had it for months.  $10 wasted.  Too bad though, I was looking forward to it :("
,Not Recommended,251170,12713474,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,dizat64,"ANGER. Game crashed every time in less than 10 min. controller support is abysmal for xbox 360 controller. Good luck finding a server to connect too, i feel cheated even with steam sale. :-("
,Not Recommended,251170,9139723,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Grill,"Unplayable.The potential is there- when and if you can connect to a game. However, this is seemingly impossible. There are maybe 3 hosted games at most at any given time- and there's a good chance only one of them is public (the full one.) Hosting a game is a futile gesture because no one is playing, no one is joining, and you can't play a game alone.I tried, and I ran around as a ghost with no one to scare or kill for 10 minutes. After I exited the game, Damned didn't understand that I couldn't die (as the ghost,) and therefore couldn't disconnect from the server... ever. It took me 45 minutes to get back to the lobby and then only after restarting my computer, which isn't really a viable option to use in order to shut down/restart the game. Especially a game which requires so much restarting to begin with.This isn't a beta, it's complete undeveloped and broken. The concept gets a gold star, though."
,Not Recommended,251170,12724812,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,LordUnborn,I am re-writing my review.  The game FINALLY works.  I still cannot recommend it as the fact that you have to log into thier servers is so 1990's it is frankly offensive.  Expecially when you host the games on your connection.  I think if they remove that and finish optomizing the code I would recommend it.
76561198156191197,Not Recommended,251170,12718099,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,slipperybomb_s,Ive seen a lot of vidoes of the gameplay seems very fun but I cant get it to launch so dont waste your time with this.
76561197969378448,Not Recommended,251170,22733667,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,oo7peede,never update
,Recommended,251170,7892310,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,R041,Scary gaem
76561198090978641,Recommended,251170,7914589,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Yui,this is so scary.
76561198061593117,Not Recommended,251170,11472492,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Adriana take me back i miss u,This game just plain sucks 20/10 Kappa
76561198056684418,Recommended,251170,28356525,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Fade,worth
,Not Recommended,251170,10254383,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Blargian SnaggleBeast,"I really wish i could say that this is a good game, unfortunately I was never able to play enough to see. This game crashes at startup, at login, while connecting, etc. I believe this was a large waste of $15. To make matters worse, I couldn't even tab out to close the game. So, unless you enjoy games that crash after every little thing you do, don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,251170,12287719,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,dodo,DO NOT BUYi cant even launch the game becuse of a bug that makes the screen go black and then crash nothing works when you try to fix this. $20 is to much of a risk to play spend it something else
,Not Recommended,251170,24062738,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,FilthyCasual69,literally the menu has the lowest fps i have ever seen even uninstalled and reinstalled and it persists do not buy
76561198008039122,Not Recommended,251170,12746520,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Daddy,Spent $50 on this game for my family and can't ever play it because the servers are always down. Completely pointless! I'm totally disappointed and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that I wasted my money on a game that I can't even play. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together before you consider charging people money for something that doesn't work.
76561198098623726,Not Recommended,251170,15924396,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,PlaguePriest,It's a decent game. I like the gameplay but putting it behind a wall of DRM really ♥♥♥♥ed it for me.
,Not Recommended,251170,19975290,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tim,7-8 fps
,Recommended,251170,13438501,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,PorygonZ,"Fun game, bring friends!"
,Not Recommended,251170,8002187,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,85-160 Phy Doryani's Catalyst,"one of the best games on steam, 2bad people rather play ♥♥♥♥♥ of duty/toplelta 2 and shitrim and their coders are awfully terrible at their job."
76561198117328421,Not Recommended,251170,25125074,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,10 inches soft,"Do not buy.even if it's on sale,do not buy.Community is dead,no way to play."
76561198066434025,Recommended,251170,22363314,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Elite,DO NOT play this game alone. DO NOT play this game in the dark. DO NOT play this game with headphones. Mate I'm telling you now this♥♥♥♥♥♥is mad spooky. You will crap your pants and then have flashbacks to that time you last did it at the age of 8.
,Recommended,251170,13445285,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,REEEEE,damnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
,Recommended,251170,13466145,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nosebleed,I LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,251170,19969582,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MIKEY,"This is one of them games you play with friends as a break from the mainstream fps or m-m-o games. It's very creepy in a physiological way, which is soo much fun. More so, if you are sitting there playing the monster! Listening to friends on teamspeak scream when they see you in the distance or if they set off a trap you put down. Ide deff recommend this game, more so with friends. Again as something to go to once in a while to basically scare the heck outa ya!"
,Recommended,251170,20057483,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Switchblade,pretty good wish more people would play though
,Recommended,251170,20004524,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bunnyrut,"This game is creepy.To practice I will create a game and lock it so no one else can get in to play, Just to be able to figure out how to solve it, and it still creeps me out.Now add other players with one trying to kill you.or you can play as the monster and try to kill everyone. That's a bit more fun.Depending on the monster is how you will get through the map. Some require you to be quick, some require you to be stealthy. Is it better to stick together or split up? download the game and find out..."
,Not Recommended,251170,18780704,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,bathhouse,Buggiest game ever
,Recommended,251170,11160189,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,K,"Good in concept, but maybe a bit failing in its' application.Good fun only on the first release."
,Recommended,251170,28025037,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DMPeyer,"Damned if you do, Damned if you don't. Hehehe"
76561198168630534,Not Recommended,251170,13922296,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,monochromerain,"It is a decent game but it is still very buggy. The groups can be glitchy going into a game and starting a game. The game does not tell you when you are waiting for the group you joined to be out of a game. Sometimes players are stuck in limbo for long periods of time at the start of a game, even when others have been started. Some mosters move suuppperrrr slowlyyyy so it takes a while to get anywhere. some monsters dont kill when you press the button to kill. The only monster I have an issue with this is mary, but when she goes into frenzied mode you can kill others."
,Not Recommended,251170,13866956,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Davey Jane_,"You've gotta ask yourselves who is f*cking who for RockPaperShotgun/Kotaku and Eurogamer to recommend this piece of sh*t game.Gamergate,yo!******DONT BUY THIS GAME.****Maybe at a sale where's its like 1 euro.. maybe.I bought the pack and for 5 a piece.. Yea haha not worth it.The gamer experience, you may encounter when playing this game.Start up game, have a tiny window. Go to settings, selecting 1920x1080 does not mean fullscreen apparantly. Drag window after you manage to unstick your mouse. Select 'Full screen' aaand- CRASH.  Looking promising already. When killing the program dont kill the 'Game' kill the other 'Game' in your programs, killing the first one doesnt solve jack sh*t.Restart the game, oh! Full screen! .. But why is the image so small? Check Gamma settings, drag it ALL the way up to high in order to see all the individual slabs of gray, go back to the home screen and .. Woa, there was another image here? No, nope, its one image, just dark as f*ck which made you think 3/4 of your screen is just black by default.Alright! Initial grievances are forgiven and forgotten, lets do this sh*t! Start a game, looking for the lobby created by a friend. Er... its here... SOMEWHERE... FOUND IT! Locked the lobby with a password so we can be noobs amongst friends. Fill in password... Nothing happens.. Did I misspell it? I guess I did, lets try again.. Nope.. I spelled it right but it wont let me in. Its not even giving me a 'this aint the password, you fool', the password screen just poofs .. Did I crash again? Oh, nope, and you can start your search for that one specific lobby all over again.Restart the game.Alright, all in Lobby, lets do this. First impressions of the ingame enviroment. This is dark as f*ck! Where's my flashlight? Its not F, not E... Where dafuq is it? Right click?! What? .. Oh okay then. Picking up items, E? Nope. Left click. Opening doors, E? ... No.. more clicking. Well, not so much clicking as dragging apparantly. Okay I got keys, I got batteries, dont know what the hell is going on but lets do this. How do I acces my inventory? Can I acces my inventory? I cannot acces my inventory, but then how will I know what i've picked up? Dont question this sh*t, just roll with it this game will not explain sh*t to you. Mash your face against all the doors because its a hassle to try and open them and to figure out if you have the right key for this door or not.  I have 3 keys, can I toggle between them? No? So, should I assume that I use all the keys that I have on this one door that I'm currently humping?The door may be partially open, you may smash your weight in full against the door. That thing aint opening till you click and drag its♥♥♥♥♥open.HOLY SH*T WHAT WAS THAT. I am legit scared.. Why are there hands coming out of the floor?!Mini heart attack because my friend killed us all. Start a new lobby, now filled with extra randomers, it's all good. Start game, repeat. Running around the game for a full 20 minutes only to realise that our monster left, or disconnected or maybe more likely, crashed. Find out that you could open cabininets 'n shizzle, did I mention this game doesnt tell you sh*t?Start a new game, choose to be a monster this time. Got to be a Monster for a whole 5 seconds before CRASHHH.Not even 1 hour of play time, 3 crashes...  I'd grade this game a 2/10 would crash again."
,Recommended,251170,14473040,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Kool-Aid,BEST GAME EVERRRRRRR
76561197998824963,Not Recommended,251170,14162321,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MoreGunzPlz,"Waste of money, avoid this game at all costs. Spent most of the time trying to get in a ♥♥♥♥ing lobby with my friends.After all of the time and effort getting it to actually play, the main course was a ♥♥♥♥ing pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198012551511,Recommended,251170,10901191,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MaDmiLLer,This stellar action packed piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is unforgettable God DAMNED it :)
,Recommended,251170,22384741,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Trendy Dad,this is a horror game
,Recommended,251170,8586564,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Saucy Sawyer,doesnt work
,Recommended,251170,8583808,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,jager...,gg
,Recommended,251170,8417316,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Halo1m,it's scury as hael
,Recommended,251170,13445348,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Uncle Dan,"This game is a must buy.Immensely enjoyable with friends, the quality mechanics and monsters are brilliantly contrived, and make this game a very enjoyable spectacle of art."
76561198025394635,Recommended,251170,12396750,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"You have 4 chars to choose, start the game than try to find keys that open doors untill you can reach the final room (exit), than you win.If you are the monster, than you just need to pawn the players before they can escape.It's a good game but i could be more polished and improved somehow."
,Recommended,251170,7618151,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Wally,Children behaveThat's what they say when we're togetherAnd watch how you playThey don't understandAnd so we'reChorus:Running just as fast as we canHoldin' on to one another's handTryin' to get away into the nightAnd then you put your arms around meAnd we tumble to the groundAnd then you sayI think we're alone nowThere doesn't seem to be anyone aroundI think we're alone nowThe beating of our hearts is the only soundLook at the wayWe gotta hide what we're doin''cause what would they sayIf they ever knewAnd so we'reRepeat chorusI think we're alone nowThere doesn't seem to be anyone aroundI think we're alone nowThe beating of our hearts is the only sound
,Recommended,251170,2146722,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,jeffyyboy,you have to play this!!
,Recommended,251170,18021105,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ValiantDominator,"Needs fixed, good concept."
,Not Recommended,251170,20880894,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,8Gems DarylTheBarrel,if your above 50 years old dont buy this
,Not Recommended,251170,29124237,Posted: 8 January,all,Sanuine,This game is good for about... 30 minutes.
,Not Recommended,251170,29073814,Posted: 6 January,all,Mnsky,"A fun concept that's been done many times before. Unfortunately it's really buggy and performs extremely bad. I'm getting 7fps on a computer with a 980Ti and i7 6700K, and 15fps on my laptop with a 960M. It could be fun to play with friends but as it is now it really is unplayable with such low fps."
76561198069194490,Recommended,251170,19369587,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,MrDano,its good game very scared and fun
,Not Recommended,251170,32056027,Posted: 29 May,all,mark,hasnt received in update in almost a year not worth buying unless you like dead games
,Recommended,251170,26281889,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Xenoxidos🤔,"I can't jump as the white guys10/10However, I can't jump as the black guy0/10"
,Recommended,251170,12449534,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,murdamurdakillkill,I♥♥♥♥♥♥*d my pants and screamed like a girl while playing it!
76561198012601109,Recommended,251170,17409224,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,GefreiterLV95,good
,Recommended,251170,19092007,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,VV,Heart attack simulator
76561198136308202,Recommended,251170,17283662,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Muddykippers (Mizugorou),"My Brother whos 22 years old, screamed like a little girl10/10"
,Recommended,251170,29572841,Posted: 29 January,all,ⓋⒺⓇⓎ ⒽⓄⓉ ⒶⓈⒾⒶⓃ ⒼⓇⒾⓁⓁ,♥♥♥♥♥game no wofrk
,Not Recommended,251170,8671020,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Drengbarazi,"Do NOT buy this game if you intend to play with friends, you might face unsolvable connection problems. These problems do not matter that much if you play alone with random people.1. We can not connect to each other despite port forwarding and such.2. ""Host Time Out"" or something. Yes, we googled and browsed the community hub for fixes. lol nope. No solution.3. Game randomly crashes when starting or exiting an ongoing match.After 1.2 hours of troubleshooting, we were not able to fix any of said problems.I played a quick game in a random lobby but got quickly turned off by some weird mouse stuttering. The game felt like its locked at 30 FPS because of this.I can not tell you anything about the gameplay though, because I did not actually play the game yet.I strongly suggest to wait until full release or at least until the beta launches. This game is way too unstable right now."
,Not Recommended,251170,8523394,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fight Milk,"This game seems pretty promising but I have awful frame rate problems in the current build. Judging by what I've read I'm not the only one. It seems like a lot of fun though, so I'll be checking back periodically to see if things get better."
,Not Recommended,251170,8935645,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,TheWorst,"Game has a good concept, but the monster is overpowered. It's extremely easy for the monster to just sit and wait on the survivors to come and then it's a quick kill. The items you have to hunt are too ambiguious and you spend the majority of the time running from room to room looking for a very small item that is easily missed then running back to EVERY door and safe you have come across to see if it opens the said door. If it does, there's a 75% chance that the door you just opened has nothing of value.Great concept, but the items you have to find need to be made simpler because right now it just goes on forever looking for items and it's way too easy for the monster to find and kill the survivors."
,Not Recommended,251170,9692998,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Lt. Taffy,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing boring, I had 3 friends and I still had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ time. They all hate me now"
76561198067883292,Not Recommended,251170,8714034,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,x1337x,"While it does say in Alpha, buggy as hell to the point of unplayable and should not even be in the store yet. Do not purchase"
76561198025256934,Recommended,251170,12589212,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,BoostedBonobo,Because nope
,Not Recommended,251170,29626281,Posted: 1 February,all,Veypor,"Think Slenderman gameplay with the production quality of The Hidden: Source mod.Clunky controls, no tutorials whatsoever, excessively long and convoluted maps, (which are made redundant by the fact theres only one door to escape via anyway, so any monster worth his/her salt will just camp that.) dark hallways that are indistinguishable from each other."
76561198056842200,Recommended,251170,30024737,Posted: 18 February,all,Nekouda,I dont remember playing this
76561198031573711,Not Recommended,251170,23163109,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Senor Esteban,Badly optimized game that doesnt seem to ever work properly. Terrible customer service.
,Recommended,251170,12573297,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,The Provisioner,The Monsters should be NPCs but other than that I think its pretty good
,Not Recommended,251170,21697657,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Corrosion,dead game. 10 people play at most at a time
76561198063169594,Recommended,251170,13445439,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fallen Crow,great way to fall asleep 10/10
76561198005483047,Recommended,251170,13455120,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,21 cabbage,Haven't played it yet but i'd give it a solid 10/10
76561198123115695,Not Recommended,251170,21722172,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Knight,"DON'T BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUYER BEWARE THE GAME DOES NOT WORK IT HAS EXTREMELY LOW FPS YOU CANNOT MOVE DO ANYTHING!!!!! I HAVE A $3,000 COMPUTER $500 VIDEO AND I CAN'T EVEN RUN THIS ON LOWEST SETTINGS AND ONLY GET 5FPS. EVERYONE IS HAVING THIS ISSUE AND THERE IS NO HELP. THIS PROBLEM SEEMS TO GO BACK YEARS AND THERE IS NO FIX STEAM SHOULD REMOVE THIS GAME IT DOES NOT WORK! IM SO ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AND THE PEOPLE THE FEW PEOPLE I FOUND ONLINE DON'T EVEN HELP YOU THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥I CAN RUN EVERY GAME ON ULTRA BUT THIS LITTLE INDIE GAME I CANT EVEN GET 5FPS ON LOWEST SETTINGS, REALLY? ♥♥♥♥ THAT AND THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥STAY AWAY PEOPLE THIS GAME COULD OF BEEN GOOD BUT TERRIBLE ENGINEERS DON'T KNOW HOW TO WRITE CODE MORONS!"
,Recommended,251170,19125396,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,SCE_Ghost,"Been playing since the begining, wish this game would get some love :)"
,Recommended,251170,10794530,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Princey,Best buy I made in a long time. Getting scared by people never gets old.  You know those times when you buy a game because you think this is going to be the badarse stuff and you can't wait to buy it so you buy it striaght away and end up being disappointed. I can tell you this. THIS IS NOT ONE OF THOSE GAMES. Bought it 50% off. Issue for me was that I had some really bad games I bought from hype factor and i didn't take the plunge until this game was on sale. to be fair I would have played full price if i knew it was this good.Must buy 10/10
,Recommended,251170,16733248,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,tickler,"My only real complaints with this game are that the game is inbalanced in the monster's favor and that the forest map sucks. Otherwise the game is fantastic, especially with friends. Playing as the monster is a unique and enjoyable experience that's well worth the price tag."
76561198063424318,Not Recommended,251170,23640377,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Panda Bear,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game
76561198075576169,Not Recommended,251170,26247788,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Buck The HalfOrc,"Tring to play it again after buying it when it first came out, before there was a long and drawnout log in feature and making an account and all that. Long story short, i went throught it all and then it says i need to activate my product, so i put the key in and it says it's already in use. 0/10 Don't buy it. Just get dead by daylight."
,Not Recommended,251170,9158914,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Warthog2554™,"Upon starting the game you are forced to Log in or create a log in account. FPS is bad and should be improved. Uknown error/issue that you cannot select a server to join, and also renders you completely frozen and you are forced to alt-tab out and close the game. Haven't even tested in-game stuff yet as the issue prevents me from doing so. Game is bad and i do not recommend anyone to buy it until the issues has been fixed."
,Recommended,251170,10637977,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Peketeus,"Stuck in the abonded hospital where little girl is trying to kill you. Great! But don't worry, you have your friends with you so you don't have to die alone. ( Add evil laugh here )Great game with friends. It's beta and very buggy, but if you can get over with, you will have a wonderful multiplayer horror game experience.In this game you need to escape from the level as a survivor, or kill all survivors as a monster. Max players/server is 5. ( 4 survivors and 1 monster )Do I recommend this game? Absolutely!"
,Recommended,251170,23077129,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,deathsips,"Goddammit, Kyle."
,Not Recommended,251170,8834554,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,psyda,"Terrible, unfinished, buggy, and never anything to do in it."
,Not Recommended,251170,9051475,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Aendyr,.
76561198016995797,Not Recommended,251170,15479061,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,It's my puppy,"Waste of money. Glitchy, poor U.I, bland premise. Gameplay okay because scary but doesn't have variety. Grab it off a sale if you really want to, otherwise not recommended."
,Recommended,251170,14781307,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Survii Gecko,The radiators are scarier than the actual monsters... 10/10 for realism
76561198084232049,Not Recommended,251170,9963413,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,LICK_THE_BUTTER,"Every negative comment has pretty much explained it. All i have to say is, don't get it... it's not what you're expecting and is a terrible waste of money. Goat Simulator is better and cheaper, more worth the money IMHO"
,Recommended,251170,7445209,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Don't feed the ducks™,Bricks. I♥♥♥♥♥♥them.
,Recommended,251170,21237799,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,no sound,spoOky meme m8 6.9/10
,Not Recommended,251170,34274114,Posted: 16 August,all,Nogard,"Worst game i've bought so far, 30fps cap, badly optomized and forgotten, forget about it."
76561198066808159,Not Recommended,251170,8359126,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,canadian couch,last time i played maybe it was just me but not only did it feel cheaply made and shouldnt have been released yet i feel like its broken i can barely get a game in before someone disconnects and im all alone and then if you do get a game the controls for the monster seem to me to have no difference and play strangely essentially pleas fix this game the premise is great the ideas are great but bad execution
76561197970840841,Not Recommended,251170,33392069,Posted: 8 July,all,sumothumbs,"Jesus, this is a boring game.  confusing and slow for survivors, also confusing and slightly less slow for the monsters.  my friends and i understand what we're supposed to do, but it's just not fun at all."
76561198312903098,Not Recommended,251170,33977157,Posted: 2 August,all,ninja&donna,"Sadly, i can't recommend this game. My friend and i were confused instead of scared. we had trouble figuring out how to accomplish menial tasks, like opening doors, turning on flashlights, and searching for items. It didn't help that the frame rate was awful. On more than one occasion we'd get lost. For somereason, every now and then, the screen would go black, and we'd have to stand there and wait for it to go back to normal. I honestly cant say if that was a glitch, or if it was programmed into the game, but i can say that it was annoying, disruptive, and just made me more irritated. We didn't even get far enough to meet the actual monster before we decided to just give up and play something else. I'm glad we did tho, because i had no idea what we were going to do when we actually met the monster since i couldn't figure out how to run and the frame rate was so bad. In the end, the only fun part of the game was the person i was playing it with."
,Not Recommended,251170,7819363,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"WAIIIT>>>>>> Crash within first 10 minutes. I can already tell it needs some work, not really because of the crash, but some comments about bugs. I'd wait till its finished... plus its just plain ugly. Annoying hedbob. Few maps... Id wait a year or so, and by then it will be out of date looking. All about unique gameplay and I played both classes, monster is just weird, ran around seeing nothing, supposedly setting up traps, spawning, still seeing nothing... hard to tell if its even working. No customization. no lights anywhere really. just wait a while for it. as is, not worth 8 bucks on special."
,Not Recommended,251170,23410393,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gibs,sucks
,Recommended,251170,12376430,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Dawnkiller,"This game is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥-clearingly scary. Definitely worth playing with friends, you will not sleep well afterwards."
76561198067230939,Not Recommended,251170,12431974,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,XxPuddinxX,game is optimized like♥♥♥♥♥♥crashes all the time  causes blue screen and popping in my headset
,Not Recommended,251170,24031410,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,OneUpTheXtraMan,"This game sucks. It made me so angry. I have not been so angry since I played forced. The scary character moves so slow, that I thought I was having a stroke. In real life, for the reals. And apparently there are doors, but I can't confirm, as I was only able to open one of them, once. And there was no feed back that the door was locked, or that I could not open it. Thus, I do not know if it was a door, or a bug. I would only recommend this game if you wished to torture terrorists. This game often caused my frame rater to dip into the single digits, and thus it ran worse than Crysis. think about that one for a moment. Do not buy unless you are stupid, or crazy."
76561197968380715,Not Recommended,251170,25124388,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Beneath The Wreckage,Damned...need I say more.
,Not Recommended,251170,24982290,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KramZe,^_^
76561198051266620,Not Recommended,251170,33002660,Posted: 29 June,all,ValhallaRuckus,♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,251170,12735266,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Snake4life,"YOU NEED A SECOND LOGIN TO EVEN PLAY THIS GAME.ITS TERRIBLE. THIS IS NOT AN MMORPG, THERE IS NO REASON FOR ANOTHER LOGIN SYSTEM."
,Not Recommended,251170,12391025,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,zinnia,"Glitchy and buggy game with a not so plesent server/ match system. This game is fun to play as the monster, yes. This game can be fun playing as the humans, yes. But the game is too wonky, it's just not worth it"
,Not Recommended,251170,13438948,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TastyCarcass,"This game is just terrible, do not buy"
76561198106311969,Not Recommended,251170,25120191,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Guccifer キレ,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀ ░ Damned░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198368071110,Not Recommended,251170,34787509,Posted: 6 September,all,Lil Pumpkin ^.^,VERY VERY VERY BAAAAD GAME ! DOOOONT BUY IT EVER
,Not Recommended,251170,22547186,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Runny Bum Curry,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄DAMNED▄░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,251170,12443281,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Irynblud,"Literally the worst 20$ ive ever spent,tried a million different ways to get it to work on my laptop and it wouldnt after patches and downloading different stuff. Even on someone elses computer i can actually launch it but its buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and I cant even play it still,dont buy this game its not even worth downloading if it was free. Terribly made and impossible to fix,dont bother buying this game. Save yourself the headache,even if it works for you its still not worth 20$,i wouldnt even pay 5 for this."
,Not Recommended,251170,25383556,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,LawDog,Terribly designed and very boarding. I find it odd that you can't see anyone as the monster. My first game as the monster I spent the whole match looking around for people i couldnt see. They seem to appear randomly in front of you.Not worth the askings price. This game should be 5 buck at most.
76561198160608974,Not Recommended,251170,33353597,Posted: 7 July,all,Bloody Scumbag,Can't log in...Kill yourself game development.
76561198124722966,Not Recommended,251170,28176230,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TheYcAlLmeWJY1126,i can't run this♥♥♥♥♥♥at all.F**king dickass
76561198072539130,Not Recommended,251170,31811574,Posted: 17 May,all,WHOSTOLETHECOOKIES!!!,Being sexually assulted is a more enjoyable experience than playing this game.
76561198109526910,Not Recommended,251170,10769895,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ToastedPotato,"Mary needs a lot of improvements. Me and my friends were so hyped to play and it turned into a game of actually trying to FIND the monster. She teleports like every 20 seconds automatically no matter what the circumstance. Every time me or my friend were the monster we would finally find a survivor and then boom, we would teleport a mile away again so we get to walk 1 mph across the map all over again. Not to mention you have to look at her for about 6 seconds before she can charge you which I doubt people will do. Here's my opinion on what should be changed:-You aren't forced to randomly teleport and you can do so on your own will-Mary can charge you as soon as your crosshair goes over here therefor actually making it a challenge and not just strolling away-Make it so you can't teleport into locked rooms. Once a room is unlocked than it becomes part of the random teleport options. I spawned in a locked room and had to wait for the charge about 85% of the game.-Her slow walkspeed makes her more creepy so as long as she can charge you better than I don't think that should be changed as long as you don't have to stroll across the map for an hour.I love the maps and Mary seems to be the only true horrifying monster so we really wanna do a game with her without these problems. Otherwise this game has a good concept and is really fun to play with friends."
76561198118872314,Recommended,251170,10771189,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,58th_Zombie,"Fun game , really scary with or without friends i would recommend playing with friends because you can scare them yourself :D"
76561198011519170,Recommended,251170,9506008,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Icefrosty171,"A fun game to play with friends, super scary and lots of fun and laughs."
,Recommended,251170,10703045,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Brian,"Fun with friends. I cant wait for this to leave BETA, it is 6/23/14 and there is still a lot of gltiches. I have the graphics turned up all the way and its similar to what youd see with a PS2 game. But even with that it is still a lot of fun. Its like hide and seek with high stakes. Once again i think it will be better once it leaves beta and is an acutal game. :)"
,Recommended,251170,10672088,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Phoenix,"there is no shame in admitting that this game scares you even in the slightest, it is great at the ""jump scare"" tactics,overall it has some bugs to smooth out but still it is an early access game, and it is worth sticking with, no game like it and it will be a long time until another game will be as good :D"
76561198046542742,Recommended,251170,10752297,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,> T  O  M  M,scary :(
,Recommended,251170,7683973,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Ozwell E. Spencer,"Jugastes Penumbra? Amnesia? Este es tu juego para jugar con amigos o no :DPues bien, este juego tiene ese trafondo y tipo, salvo que aqui no hay un enemigo controlado por el juego, uno de los jugadores TIENE que ser el cazador de los sobrevivientes o sea... es el mountro de turno que se encarga de eliminarlos uno a uno para ganar.Como la modalidad de juegos como el amnesia, el mounstro es indestructible (por ahora esta el tipico mounstro de Amnesia y ahora el Fantasma, que posee otras a habilidades; se esperan mas a si como otros Personajes/Sobreviviente), y los jugadores tienen una sola opcion, correr y esconderse... Mientras se abren paso a su escape, por medio de conseguir las llaves y codigos numericos que abren puertas... plus conseguir elementos como un martillo o barreta para liberar la ruta de escape.Hay muchos servidores para jugar, la mayoria yankis, pero eso seguro, siempre esta lleno de gente para jugar, asi que no hay problema de quedarse sin jugar, muy concurrido.Muy recomendado, mientras mas son mejor es. Recomiendo que lo compren entre varios, cuando este en oferta, como el hallowen pasado. Costo por pack de 4, cada uno pago 6 dolares."
,Not Recommended,251170,10852097,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Probably A Cop,"I can not recommend this game at the moment.It has a multitude of issues that ruin the game, and even prevent it from working.The first thing I noticed was that it was laggy, no matter what my graphics settings were. (My rig can easily run games like ARMA 3 at max with no issues) It wasn't just the game, it was EVERYTHING.The next problem is that what few people are playing this game, either have♥♥♥♥♥♥connection, and/or live outside of the U.S.The game itself, when it works, (I launched it 11 times, it only opened once) is riddled with bugs and poor design such as lights clipped into walls, and players walking through objects.I'm sure all of these will be fixed, but for now, save your money."
,Recommended,251170,10542149,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TehKracken,"Great game for a group of friends late at night. When I saw this, I got the four pack right away. After a little bit of playing it, I just had to buy another copy to get a five man game going. It was worth it."
,Recommended,251170,7390154,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,JeanH13,This is an awesome party thriller game. It's best summarized as a dark Scooby Doo crossed with the Unseen Monster from old school horror movies. The result is a horror survival version of hide-and-seek. By far the creepiest and most entertaining game I've played yet.
,Recommended,251170,10223952,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Optimus_Icecream (skinhub.com),Fun game if you wish y=to scare your friands
,Recommended,251170,10653465,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HeavenlyCookie,"Can be incredibly scary at times.. But also -very- buggy. They do add new things to the game time to time, which really do the trick for me when it comes to scaring me."
76561198051300372,Recommended,251170,10651002,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,flyingangel08,Probably the best time I will ever have with my friends is on this game. We'd share laughs and blood curdling screams! If you got a group a buddies that are into some scary jumpy types of games to play together than this is one to definately get! The price is perfect for this game even at this stage!
76561198028054006,Recommended,251170,9288998,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Jack the Tripper,"Needs some work but still a fun ride to hop on....with or without friends...although if you have enough friends to make a decent private match, thats perfect. Although the system needs some additional work here, the current game is still very fun....and it does manage to induce a bit of fear and tension for a multiplayer horror game... although some matches more than others, depending on how the monster is played. I would say it is worth the current $15 asking price because this game is bound to develop into something awesome, and already is quite a bit of fun."
,Recommended,251170,9297740,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Captain Zibbles,"Damned is a really fun Survival Horror game where both the survivors and the monster are players. The (maximum of 4) Survivors run around the map rushing to find the different keys/codes to open doors/safes whilst trying to avoid the Monster, who is trying to kill them (there are only 2 types of monster at the time of this review). This can lead to some pretty tense moments of blubbering in a corner whilst the monster metaphorically sniffs around trying to find you. The surprising thing about Damned is that even though it's in alpha, it's still a really good game! Yes, they have bugs to fix, but lately they have really gotten around to fixing a good majority of them.At the time of this ""review"", the game has a relatively small playerbase outside of the swarm of players every major update. If you're going to buy this game, the best way to do enjoy it would be to buy it alongside your friends, or to get the multi-copy pack so nobody gets left out."
76561198026493523,Recommended,251170,9342080,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Kuky,AWESOME GAME!
,Recommended,251170,9020924,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ping 平亞倫,"Get it and play it with friends, then poop your pants."
,Recommended,251170,9199440,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Timoteus,"This game is very fun and interresting, I will play all the time and I do Recommend this game! Very horror and scary :D"
,Recommended,251170,9230090,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Bambu,"Games currently in Alpha but has alot of potential to grow, fun together with friends!"
76561198086623984,Recommended,251170,9238991,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,TheShadyGamer,BEST HORROR GAME EVER!!!!
76561198009553210,Recommended,251170,9240619,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,urDaddie,"Game is still in Alpha development but is SOoo much fun, expecially if you have a group of friends you know who can play with you. Its a simple game really, collect the keys to unlock the 'safe room' and escape (surviors win). If all the survivors are killed, then the monster wins. There is no AI in this game, at the moment, so the game is purely multiplayer based and has so much potential for further development."
,Recommended,251170,1229222,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Spray,"Pretty good, kind of like amnesia but online. I'd say it's not as well made as amnesia but its online which can be fun. 7/10"
,Recommended,251170,1806213,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,SoloMish,Good spooky game to play with spooky friends.
76561198004191205,Recommended,251170,2217041,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,BlueFalcon,This game is dope and pretty!
,Recommended,251170,2260500,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,|038|117335|,"If you have played Amnesia: The Dark Descent and, maybe, you wanted to play it with your friends, then you can imagine the same game mechanic but with 3 more survivors and 1 monster, who is controlled by a player. The monster is very much like the Amnesia's monsters, except with supernatural powers. And it is still scary as hell, tho the playthrough is very different each time, which makes it a more interesting and challenging and a scary game to play."
,Recommended,251170,8403342,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Agito,"Very fun with Friends, few bugs here and there, but then again it is in early access. Well worth the pick up for 7 euro!"
,Not Recommended,251170,8406389,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jacksendary,"I know this game is still in alpha/beta but for me it's very unstable and almost unplayable.Some times I can't join or create games, neither can I start the game up atm.The support for the game is horrible and the forum I not very active.I've also noticed on a highend PC there is problems and the games is lagging slightly but works fine on a mid range pc with no graphic card.When it works it's pretty fun tho, but people seems to cheat or hack a lot since there is no anti cheat for servers.More work will be needed to turn my vote."
,Recommended,251170,8444866,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RawrMcGee,pretty fantastic for its stage. couldnt have asked for a more fun team horror game - at least not yet. Love that you get to watch another character once you die!
76561198079564944,Recommended,251170,8488117,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Gol D. Rogers,"get this game its a very fun game to play with friends and in it there are two types a players in the game 4 survivor who have to find keys, crowbars, numaric codes, and etc to get out before you die by the monster. The monster can be played by only 1 person in a game lobby, and as the monster you can ether be the lurcker or the phanton and the monsters goal is to find and kill the survivors before they get out.Dont forget to vote for it on the feature page if you want to get it for less money than $7"
76561198052644725,Recommended,251170,8494683,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Straw Bandit,"Buy this game.I know it's not great yet, but the key word here is ""YET"". With more support, what is undeniably a cool and fresh idea in horror games could turn into a beautiful and intricate immersive multiplayer horror game.SUMMARY:NOW:quite buggy, little choice in character, gameplay a little clunky, some networking issues (cannot have a host and a non-host player join through the same IP).LATER:fireballs of awesome, high degree of immersion, beautiful graphics, seamless gameplay, and pantfuls of scare-poo.I'll also suggest skyping while playing for the best experience."
76561198049824975,Not Recommended,251170,8497477,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Walrus,grefd ter
76561198029503810,Recommended,251170,8505406,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,skullsmasher,really good game!
,Recommended,251170,8509935,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,|Sec9|̶ƬƛƵZ̶,Everyone needs to understand that this game is still in Development... For what it is now and aims tto be I like the entire concept... when you get in a game where the Player being the Monster actually Toys with the Survivors... its Fun... but too many times the Monster just rushes like they are gonna top some leaderboard for the fastest killz... Support this game IMHO... I think it will go far if the Devs stay on track. :czombie:
76561198038239163,Recommended,251170,9627909,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,ⒷⓄⒾ♕,One of the best scary games. Its fun to scare your friends:D
,Recommended,251170,9721020,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Fabzzy <3,i see alot of potential and really looking forward to this game..i know that the graphics are not the best out therebut the game expirience is really worth the moneyit is HALERIOUSSSS!!!you just have ot try this with friendsssss
76561198029313826,Recommended,251170,9809289,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Avenged Triton,Only played a few games so far but it's really good. Some intense moments and also some funny ones. so much fun to play as the monster and watch your friends freak out.
76561197971636497,Recommended,251170,7300337,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,kisscottbus,scariest game i've erver played
,Recommended,251170,7307704,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Beanzapper,Sau scooby doo game
,Recommended,251170,7332018,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,inexet007,vyborna hra
,Recommended,251170,7349989,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,ObnoxiousBoyMan,"If you want to be scared, this is the game. Though it is only in Alpha, it will scare you. First time I saw the monster I screamed and nearly fell out of my chair. I'll continue to play this through production because I know the final game is going to be amazing."
76561197963920623,Recommended,251170,7402166,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,RancorZealot,"AWESOME GAME! Come night time, my buddies and I jump on to play. Scary as heck when you are playing with friends! Best part is it's being updated every week with new content!!!"
,Not Recommended,251170,7405076,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,bvbblepop,"This game scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me when I'm not the monster. A lot of fun when it works... It's in Alpha(?) so obviously there are a lot of bugs. Also at my school the ports for this game are blocked, so my friends and I have to use a VPN to even play it."
,Recommended,251170,7413505,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Ghosta,"Extraudinary Survival Horror, leaving me at the edge of my seat almost pooping my pants. Because it being Early Access it has lots of bugs which turned me away. 6\10"
,Recommended,251170,7426448,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,SourDeez WeeklyTop40Piece,"This Game is really scary when playing with friends, and when you get split up from the group, big recommendation to this, PPL, Play this gaem! Worth it!"
76561198065898045,Recommended,251170,6419450,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,FriendlyFatality,ALL OF YOU BUY THIS GAME NOW
,Recommended,251170,8324238,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Triavanicus,"For the new users, they play this game because it is scary, but after they become expierenced enough they play this game for either the enjoyment of others getting scared, making them scared, or the challenge that comes with the levels, and the skillset of the monster.Nice job everyone. Both those who make the game, and those who play it. And especially thanks for those who become the monsters, for that is the real challenge, making the game ever more less predictable."
,Recommended,251170,8326087,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Blastosfear,Good Game Just want more diffrent game modes.... and it felt easy to kill people when your the monster.. and More Scary monsters need to be added. more player slots ..
,Recommended,251170,8342346,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,romeo da black rose,"Cannot even play the game functionally,I really need a refund as soon as possible.If i had a better computer this would be a great game.but i cant play it due to my crap graphics card."
76561198004884163,Recommended,251170,8387170,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,HAPPY?,Glitchy due to it still being in Alpha but..AMAZINGLY FREAKY
,Recommended,251170,8167242,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Syn D.,scary scary scary!
,Recommended,251170,8262942,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lactose Intolerant,"This game is really fun, totally recommended!"
76561197988737763,Recommended,251170,8038806,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Pilch,Best to play it with your friends but a fun game that possibly needs more variety in the character and lurker skins sector. (In my opinion)
76561198060434774,Recommended,251170,11119316,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Harlequin,"The game is very fun and the concept is amazing. There are quite a few technical problems, but I hope they will be fixed soon. It was definitely worth the $10 I paid for it"
,Recommended,251170,10860079,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Joker,"Yes. Jesus, my heart can't take this game, but I love it to bits. ;-;"
,Recommended,251170,10888659,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,caraline24,gg
76561198045898482,Recommended,251170,10919021,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Artanis,its fun
76561198040020073,Recommended,251170,11469223,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Space Viking,"Other than Amnesia, this is one of my most favorite horror games ever. This games allows you to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of four of your friends and have laughs at the same time. Granted it's not the best looking, but this is the horrow game most people were looking for."
76561198135833247,Recommended,251170,11321054,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Brofessor Rex,LETS GO
,Not Recommended,251170,11287989,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,- Clyde Frog -,"I really do love this game, it's a great game to play with friends and I really want to give it a thumbs up but the constant crashing that a few people suffer from is quite severe. From crashing upon starting a game, to players crashing upon activating (on lurker}, to being dc/ed from seeing the phantom it's just not worth recommending at the moment. Once the focus is more on fixing severe game bugs then it will be a pure enjoyable game to play!I know it's still in Beta, so here's to hoping the game gets a major fix. ^^"
,Recommended,251170,11309932,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lady Tiamat,"Really good game, Love the scares and the screams of players as the monster hunts them down."
,Recommended,251170,11528122,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Jason Apologist,"This game is so much fun to play. I've played it for quite some time now, and yes there are bugs and glitches, but the developers have been quite proactive in addressing these issues.The gameplay is fun and the continuous updates to make it better are successful. The fact that you have randomized keys in rooms with 4 survivors and a monster (also player-controlled) allows for a unique experience every time! You can get your pants scared off, you can have a laugh, you can lose or win, but it's always fun.For anyone interested, I've put up some of my gameplay with a smaller group:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeKsuhxN1fs"
76561198102546285,Recommended,251170,7323506,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Death Bringer,great game to play very scary
,Recommended,251170,11295116,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Andarne,"Damned is a game that makes me wet my pants. Or, at least, comes quite close!You and three other 'survivors' are locked in a building of sorts, and are being chased/hunted by a vengeful monster with homicidal tendacies. The objective: escape as quickly as possible! How? There are keys and combination-lock codes scattered all around the numerous levels for you to find and use.I enjoy the immersion Damned gives; not in the traditional sense, however, but this game always gets me two inches in-front of my screen, with headphones on and lights turned off. The scare-factor is real, and quite fun! The only downside is the repetetivness of the game. Levels were initially supposed to be (as I recall) procedurally generated. Now, everybody knows the routes and it's getting harder to kill as a monster! Furthermore, the character/monster choice is still quite limited. Three monsters, five survivors (I think). We need more variety!"
,Recommended,251170,11788682,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,the ting goes,"Not much content, fun as ♥♥♥♥ to play with friends though."
76561198061838194,Recommended,251170,11801802,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,IGotYourNose,"this game is amazing in everyway, seriously suspenseful and awesome. if played correctly that is. i recommend it 10 out of 10. and its only gotten better since.  its also a game where if you have friends the fun is ENDLESS."
76561197992341088,Recommended,251170,7337925,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Reven_Shadow,"Incredibly fun and atmospheric, a must have for fans of horror games, and one of the few that can do multiplayer horror properly."
,Recommended,251170,12195338,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Santamanfunk,10/10 Would die again.
,Recommended,251170,12007312,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Minnesota Frenchy,"Love this game with all my heart, so much screams and so much fun. A MUST HAVE GAME. You won't regret it"
,Recommended,251170,12106408,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Shadow Dragon,It's Aight.
76561198121828940,Recommended,251170,29544550,Posted: 28 January,all,Doctor Overdose,"This is it. A good multiplayer horror game. It's definitely not the best quality visually, but the gameplay is invigorating and adrenaline induced. The low res visuals make it a better game in a way by enhancing the spook factor, so don't let the looks fool you. Perfect for you and a group of friends to play if you get the chance.Cons: Serious FPS issues, so hopefully they fix that. Also, as great as this game is, I don't think it's worth $20. wait and get it on sale for $6Black Lake Forest is bad, don't play that map"
76561197975553094,Recommended,251170,17000442,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ultanemesis,"F*** Damned! This game made me experience Fear, Saddness and Joy in less than 5 seconds... and heres proof - 10/10 :D ->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9jkmAv945U"
,Recommended,251170,17045533,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Arky,Aaahh... It was fun for around 10 hours.. After the first 5 it stopped being scary. Still giving it the thumbs up due to the devs' trying their best and actually somehow managed to do exactly that.
76561198104644707,Recommended,251170,17177749,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,legoman1010,to spoopy for me10/10 would die again
76561198073475750,Recommended,251170,17289400,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mythunis,"I play this game with a group of four friends, and one of them is easily frightened and is scared of next to everything. We adore this game, and have an absolutely excellent time everytime we play. 10/10."
,Recommended,251170,16945979,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,pinkrockz95,"If you can see passed the occassional crashes,you'll see this is a great game.One of my bests in steam and so underated. Its a shame the devs gave up a bit .This could've been big."
,Not Recommended,251170,17355590,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,-ArchloveKilled,so many bug on multiplayer
76561198006726123,Not Recommended,251170,17356670,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Saulot,Game is bugged. Cant pick up keys or set traps. unplayable.
,Recommended,251170,17373021,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Asulador,Be mary.
76561198042937736,Recommended,251170,18756238,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,vortextank,"Scary at times, insane at others. Overall a freakin blast to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,251170,18748592,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,JohnyZ06,Buggy
76561198162825391,Recommended,251170,18747253,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,jaknile,"If you cant take the heat, dont play or turn down your volume:) enjoy, i loved it"
76561198044766036,Recommended,251170,18318269,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,StevenA09,I was more likely to get killed while in a group than on my own. Also ♥♥♥♥ Mary that absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the sprinting and the creeping and the teleporting and the dawww
,Not Recommended,251170,18573974,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,The Sawed Off Samurai,"The game is very glitchy, lags a lot, and has a very outdated feel to it. Theres better horror games out there."
,Not Recommended,251170,18561750,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,SoulReaper,"Laggy, bad graphics, no instruction on what to do, and fewer than a dozen servers of people playing."
,Recommended,251170,18701715,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Sesser,"A lot of fun. The graphics are choppy and still needs work. There does appear to be a 30 FPS cap, even on my Sapphire Fury. If you can get past graphics, the gameplay is pretty fun."
,Recommended,251170,18688279,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,YoRHa - No.2 - Type B,"Damned.A fun, yet bone-chilling experience which will easily give you the shakes, especially when you can't tell where certain ""enemies"" are. -And despite the fact that the enemy is controlled by a Player, it makes the experience MUCH more difficult.Damned offers a small selection of characters and monsters to play as, one player will be chosen or chooses a monster character. The rest choose which of the four characters (hiding their names to prevent spoilers.) they would like to play as.With chilling scenarios and levels, filled with multiple ""traps"" which spring to life when close to them, the monster could be anywhere, and could start their rampage against the survivors in order to prevent their escape.I suggest this game to anyone who's willing to frighten themselves or... play a horror game worthy of clothing change."
76561198036060579,Recommended,251170,18718966,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,James,"Incredibly fun game, especially with friends. Lots of bugs plague the game right now that it's sometimes hard to get in to a game but one you are in there it is a lot of fun. The bugs need to be ironed out and new content added but otherwise highly recommended."
76561198066635284,Recommended,251170,18236318,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Bearpels,"Really fun game to play in the dark with your friends, I recomend that you are at least 4 players."
76561198056212625,Recommended,251170,7299495,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,pappadiop,Scary as hell and hilarious to play with friends
76561198069529919,Recommended,251170,8049604,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Stinky Binky,♥♥♥♥♥my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251170,8079576,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,TheFlyingStain,Great laugh with friends! Can't wait till it's fully released. Although it's missing options for players (choice of characters and gameplay settings) it's still a fun game! Worth the money.
,Recommended,251170,8084552,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Olrok,"Have you ever wanted to wander around a dimly lit hotel with your friends asking eachother ""Where the hell do we go now?"" WELL DO I HAVE THE GAME FOR YOU."
76561197972238382,Not Recommended,251170,13243296,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dakimaz,"me and my friends must be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, because we can not for the life of us get this to work, everyone constantly randomly crashes.And thats when we dont die within the first 5 minutes, or half an hour of running around not finding anything of value."
,Recommended,251170,13265221,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Azariz,THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS REALLY GOOD!IT WILL MAKE YOU CRAP! ON YOUR PC SEAT!
76561198079971767,Not Recommended,251170,13147650,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,✪ Monkeyman940,Mine won't full screen not sure if this happens for lots of people but it really ruins the game for me.
,Recommended,251170,13153666,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Raijin-maru,"I'm Scott Walker, And i approve this game."
76561197998391741,Recommended,251170,13001479,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Unique
,Recommended,251170,13221079,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Doxy,I love the game and I am sure other people will enjoy the horror as much as I do.
,Not Recommended,251170,10410700,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Tahler,"Pretty trash. I understand it is in development but there is no point in playing. No objective, other than the monster killing the human who has absolutely no way of fighting back."
76561198046602199,Recommended,251170,11569175,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,l1bertyx52,"Be prepared for bugs and crashes. You should know before buying this game that it is early access and it does have issues. The developers are consistantly working on fixing it. With that being said, this game is fun and scary when working."
,Not Recommended,251170,13659382,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,KisaCrescent,"For like the first 5 minutes of playing this game with two friends this game was scary, and then that all kind of just flopped after a while. the monster wasn't so scary any more. it was more like just a simple survivor game with annoying instances of your light flashing, things going dark or the weird waving arms coming out of the ground that were easy to walk around.all in all, a great game idea, but poorly executed and maintained. NOT worth your money."
,Not Recommended,251170,13668983,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,I love the lag,"I don't recommend buying this game.  It runs at like 5 fps on certain video cards, there's very little in the way of UI or explanation and not particularily in an enticing way, everything feels budget and there's many issues with game lobbies.  Most Damning is that the game itself isn't particularily enjoyable for either side- everyone pretty much stumbles in the dark including the monsters, and when the survivors are found the game pretty much just kinda ends.  You can't climb objects, even with the flashlight on it's very difficult to tell what anything is and picking up keys and safe codes to obtain more keys and safe codes isn't the world's most compelling gameplay paradigm.I have no idea why this is rated so high, but it's not very good."
76561198135868269,Recommended,251170,13166907,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,I'm A Floating Scrotum,♥♥♥♥♥my self
76561198038278478,Recommended,251170,13805460,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,_Yami_,The game is pretty much fun when you play with some people you know.Best when there's a random dude using Glados voice while playing Mary !
,Recommended,251170,13885352,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Trist,Ran around for 30 minutes from Mary being last one alive. Died in a bathroom stall crying to myself and stood on toilet so the creepy hands couldnt touche me thought they would kill me. Mary opened stall and my nightmares became more frequent since then.11 KFC buckets out of 10 KFC buckets would play 100 times over.(Friends are needed for this game.)
,Recommended,251170,13541934,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LATERnotNOW,"This game is really nice. Fun to play with friends. I bought it for almost $5 In my honest opinion I really think this game should not be worth more than that. Originally it costs $20 and I think you can get better games with that price. I recommended this game because it is actually fun (Even though my friends don't have it, I still play online with others) It is an online game that will give you a few scares (that are better with close friends)Pros:-Fun to play with friends.-Scary game that will actually scare you.Cons:-Expensive without a sale! :/-A few bugs every now and then.Final verdict: I recommend this game only if there is a sale - a less than $5 sale. Again this is my opinion, but facts are this game is really good yet buggy. So if you don't mind spending up to $20 for a buggy game then why not. Otherwise this game is not recommended."
,Recommended,251170,13461536,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Daveldvd,Great game but there is problem with starting it up for some people.
76561197968186350,Recommended,251170,13450868,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,wubwub,"The game is Ok... New players would definetly get a few scares here and there as they get used to the random things that occurs, mostly jump scares, but after an hour or so the fear glamour is gone. And that's when the flaws are more inherently noticeable. In this game survivors are suppose to interact with items in order to find keys to progress further and escape, however for new comers, those highlighted interactive objects are almost unnoticeable even if the player is right smack infront of it. So unless the player already spend alot of time playing the game or seen a video/read a guide of some sort prior they would most definitely miss it. Sad to say half the games I'm in  players eventually gave up the hunt and dc after 10 or so min being stuck. At least the monsters are flushed up somewhat better with a more unique style of play. There's a bit of a learning curve, mainly b/c there's hardly any notifiers or a tutorial of sorts to explain what to do or E is the transform for monsters, but the players should be able to grasp it as they're somewhat simplistic.The bottom line is this game is at a beta stage, there are still lots of  bugs here and there (take a look at forum lots of people can't play lan with same IP, can't even load the game despite an old engine, and random item clipping/crash galore), and needs alot more tweaking to call it a game in it's final stages. Not worth the full price , but if you can get it on sale, I did, $5 sounds is just about right for this unpolished game."
,Not Recommended,251170,13466282,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Grum,"The game itself is extremely unique, fun, and entertaining!The current build of the game, however, is a buggy, horrible mess. Wait for a few releases before purchasing unless you're fine with wrestling with the game to get it to work."
76561198072137163,Recommended,251170,13472494,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Stardust Reverie・Lunatic,A game with very nice amosphere and setting.The player controlled monster gives the game an unpredictability (and at times funny moments) that ai just cannot replicate.However the lack of a filter and poor server browser navigation can at times make finding games a chore. Overall a good game for horror fans.
,Not Recommended,251170,13473419,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Cuck,"The game is slow, the maps are bad, bad objectives (just find key and open doors). Not scary. Too expensive even with the sale"
,Recommended,251170,8011252,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Eric,"Damned is a unique multiplayer horror game. 4 survivors have to explore a dark and spooky map while another player (the monster) searches and kills every survivor. The position of the items such as keys, batteries, crowbars, and hammers are randomized to create a surreal sense of confusion and dread. Although the game is relatively buggy, its pretty easy to get past the glitches. The horror in Damned lies in the fact that you are defenseless against a powerful monster. There are 3 different types of monsters to choose from, and about 11 maps to choose from. Winning as survivors is extremely satisfying and rewarding."
76561198108158603,Recommended,251170,13551566,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FlamingDelta,recommended game
,Not Recommended,251170,12577464,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,C_H_Norris,great idea but they relaesed it in a crappy version and it barley works
76561197988751969,Not Recommended,251170,13810937,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,jobsy,"Can't recommend this at this point, horrible lag and fps problems take away the horror instantly. It feels like a beta at best.Buying this game is russian roulette at the moment, it might work on your pc or it might not. No matter what your pc is capable of.BUT, if the developers fix the performance problems, then it's an instant thumbs up. Seriously some great ideas and solid horror."
76561198043179568,Not Recommended,251170,13952938,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TriHard,"Scary as Mary can get (You'll know if you get the game). If you are a little whimp like me who can't even step out of a corner and do something then don't get the game, and believe me if you think you can, when you get into the game itself you are going to be paranoid. It is scary and spooky and creepy, it surpose to be like this, very quiet sometimes but has creepy music with it. Totally have an awesome time if you have other people to play with though! You scream the hell out of each other and never going to escape because it's almost impossible to, but you ended up with lots of spooks and scares though if you in to that sort of stuff. It's really satisfy to play as the monster itself (rekt helpless players and all).I don't want my friends to have heart attacks and blame it all on me so yeah, don't recommend to play it and have nightmares about it."
76561198114279536,Recommended,251170,13729187,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SlamDaddyMcNasty,"Damned is a game that is indescribably fun with a bunch of friends. Playing with 5 other friends on a game of Damned is so ridiculously enjoyable, I've bought 5 copies in total for me and 4 friends (the ones that weren't convinced to buy it themselves). It's very fun and can get really scary in the best way possible. My only complaint is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ server issues (it takes an hour just to get a server going that won't break). If they could fix that I would scream how great this game is from the top of the world. Welp, now I'm going to go buy another copy for my girlfriend!"
76561198122161500,Recommended,251170,13816173,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,iMystifying,"I loved this game it has the thrills and horror features i love! the only thing i wished this game would have, would be more maps like ones that take place in the outdoors, and more monsters!"
,Recommended,251170,13725013,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lustikurre,Started a game. Wandered around. Saw monster. Froze in place in terror. So did the game itself. Would play again 10/10
,Recommended,251170,13852237,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,littlefoot,"This game does have quite a few glitches that still really need to be addressed, aside from that, I absolutely love this game! Nothing is more enjoyable than hearing your friends scream in terror like little girls. When the game is functioning proporely and everyone has connected, the game is very enjoyable. My only hope is that the developers continue to fix the game and its glitches, additionally some new maps would be nice =)"
,Not Recommended,251170,13855861,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Beneli Borink,"This is a horrible tease. I see what it wants to be and it's so close to being so scary you can taste it. But it falls short.The Beauty:The concept is one of the strongest things this game has going for it. Multiplayer survival horror is great by itself, but add in that one of your irl friends is working against you as this terrifying thing trying to kill you? 5/5 stars. It's working both sides of haunted houses: actors and patrons. The monster usually has something that makes it distinct as a terror which adds to the goosebumps. This game does deliver scares.The Ugly:The survivors' confusion doesn't clear up as they explore. I have played as survivors and monsters on every map. I have yet to see survivors win. Ever. Or make any remarkable progress for that matter. Sure, sometimes you get a key that unlocks a chain or door and now you can move around a little more in this new area, but chances are it still doesn't help you get anywhere. I've played passively as the monster just to see if it was possible for survivors to win. I used the monster to scout out maps to help a little. My team gave up. It's too one-sided. Monster can win easily enough (I wouldn't change much to balance that), but survivors just can't win (I would change this significantly). Monster controls are also bizarre. Lurker is most logical, but the other two could use some instructions so the powerful monster actually feels powerful. There should be no confusion there. Throw in a few glitches and it isn't playable."
,Not Recommended,251170,13869177,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Eivert,"Crashing, need multiple restarts to connect, Low FPS since last update and on.It ain't worth it atm."
,Recommended,251170,13869860,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,cjsopc,Super buggy. Crashes a good amount. Have to restart a lot to get into game. 100% worth it! My friends and I play for hours at a time. It's super creepy and fun. I reccomend this to anyone who loves horror co-op
76561197967346265,Not Recommended,251170,13880022,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Deja Vu,"While the concept of the game is pretty interesting and can be fun, I cannot recommend it (especially for $20) in it's current state. I'm running a 4690K and a GTX 970 and my FPS do not go above 30. Seems a lot of people with higher end systems are having an issue with this and having to do odd work-arounds likedisabling all HID-compliant devices."
,Recommended,251170,15826543,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Moon Moon,This is the scariest game I've ever played. Very well made. I cannot wait for new monsters and maps! Best Damned horror game I've played.
76561197983258102,Recommended,251170,15897321,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Oliv3r,"I love this game! A few bugs and it's hard to know exactly what to do right at the begining, but really fun to play."
,Not Recommended,251170,14121042,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tedious_Length,"Bought the game, downloaded it, then immediately hit gameshattering errors and bugs that wouldn't even allow me to log into the game, create a profile or adjust native settings... I'm running Windows 7 Pro with current driver and graphics updates, submitted to giving a detailed report of my Desktop (As per request of the developers) and put in multiple requests for help with the developers leading only to dead ends and circular conversations... I'm fed up, I won't even bother troubleshooting anymore... Unfortunately I've had to apologize to several friends who purchased this game after discovering it in my history, all reporting identical problems... I just can't recommend this to anyone with the slightest respect for the dollar until more effort has been made toward the games compatibility. I'll keep an eye out for patches until then, I really had high hopes."
,Not Recommended,251170,14051796,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ChaO [TR],"I just bought this game.I love zombie games and think it is a good coop game.But however i never could start it.When i start it,getting a ""Damned.exe has stopped working"" message.I tried everything to fix the problem but it never works.I feel like i threw my money out.I don't know what to do.please fix the problem."
76561197993784630,Recommended,251170,14101085,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,<JP>OneManRuckus,"Damned has some interesting ideas, but it is quite unpolished.  I had fun for an evening with friends though.If you get it during a sale and have some friends to play with, the game is worth a purchase.7/10"
76561198052049242,Recommended,251170,14107742,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,competentleaf2,so much fun with friends and in my opinion the best online coop horror game
76561197979449213,Recommended,251170,14465228,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TheRiehlDeal,"Great game to play with a group of friends. This game has made us all♥♥♥♥♥♥our pants at one point or another. Great game, try to get under $20 though (bought it when it was early access for $10)."
,Recommended,251170,14555782,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Valiy,"seen marry, screamed like a girl, ran into wall, seen marry again- screamed more and cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,251170,14572058,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,CarliCube,"Fun to play with friends, but definitely has some bugs it needs sorted out. For one, there is a fullscreen issue where you cannot click to switch your character or start the game. Connectivity time ranges from 30 secs to a couple of minutes.Overall, it definitely has potential. If the developers keep with it and continue updating, it could really take off."
,Recommended,251170,14401584,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,blackjack,over all I found this game to be fun when you play with friends.
,Recommended,251170,14408089,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,AmbushBomber,A horror-style cat-and-mouse game that finds unique ways to make things interesting. Depending on what monster you are playing as (or playing against) you need to use different strategies to win the game. Tons of replayability and an all-around good time if you get a kick out of terrifying people or enjoy a challenge.
,Recommended,251170,14440302,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Void,"Searching for keys in a dark room. See mary at the door. Close and block the door. Turn around, see mary again, get killed and then laugh/cry/rage about it.This is probably the scariest game I've played so far, mainly because it's an actual play controlling the monsters.Each monster has different play-styles and the survivors have to learn to adapt to them. If you don't, you'll die.This is one of those games where you get the four pack, give it to your friends and start playing it. I've played many hours of this game and I'ts STILL scary. The ambience doesn't help much either.The mechanics of the game are very fun to play with while being difficult at the same time. You're always running back and forth finding keys and trying to figure out what opens what. That doesn't sound scary, right? Try adding a monster that you can't effect in any physical way.This game is lacking in content for the price, but more content will be added eventually, probably a new map or monster.I continue to play this game, and I will for a long time. Great work 9heads!(And those who are complaining about low FPS, try restarting your computer and running it again, it's most likely a bug in the version of Python they used)"
,Recommended,251170,14453419,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Drugged Up Puppy,"Damned is fun, tense and everything you look for in a horror game. My friend and I really enjoyed playing it."
76561198055496591,Not Recommended,251170,14894614,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,CriticalGore,The real horror to this one is its frame rate.
76561198008900293,Recommended,251170,14963000,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jasper,"It may get less scary after a while, but I feel that the real intensity is from not wanting to be caught just like how you'd feel in hide-and-seek. It's very fun to play, but usually the monster wins. Doesn't make it any less fun."
,Not Recommended,251170,14261105,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Happy :),If i could join a lobby it would be greate but now it's ♥♥♥♥ed up
76561198043267352,Not Recommended,251170,14038072,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,chris_hamer,"READ BEFORE BUYING! I bought this game and it is constantly having issues starting as it tends to immediately shut down. This is an issue for many players for various reasons and so do the research before buying it. My issue is that their software seems to have issues with my graphics card; a card capable of running Star Wars The Old Republic, Skyrim, etc without issues. I will link you to a video of just such a person having a hard time starting this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez3GODz-Z6s"
,Recommended,251170,13989221,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,s2ua7,This game is so much fun!  Definitely creepy and I love how different all of the monsters are.  Very fun either by yourself (joining a server) or with a group of friends!
76561198077305722,Recommended,251170,14218696,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kingsman,"This game is so much fun as long as you have a full, or close to full party of friends to play with. Finding randoms is hard. I've had some super fun times playing this game. right now it's a little buggy but not near as bad as it was long ago. If you have a group of friends willing to play I would recommend this game!"
76561198070079436,Recommended,251170,7573124,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Crimsonchaos8,this is super fun!
,Not Recommended,251170,7382227,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Timbrewolf,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.  There's no other way to put it.  It's a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ attempt at a multiplayer horror game where everyone walks around a badly lit location hunting for tiny items and praying the RNG hasn't stuck you in an unwinnable scenario while another player tries to spook you.If you actually see the monster player, you sprint so much faster than they can move it's hilarious.  You just kite him behind a piece of furniture and he can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥  You wait for his timer to run down, and then you go back to pixel hunting for keys and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,251170,14912795,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,{YT} MrGRavioli,Like Skyrim with flashlights.
76561198067200574,Recommended,251170,6480542,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,ControllerInMouthGamerGirl,very fun and very interesting on the survival horror
,Recommended,251170,15460156,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,~2Fresh2Lord~,Damned? More like Dayum the players rarley win
,Not Recommended,251170,14699019,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,WinterMute,"Love the idea of the game and the execution is pretty good considering, but unfortunately it's extremely hinged on the monster to keep things interesting. So while the game itself is pretty good, all the games I've played become very stale very quickly, either the monster is terrible at being the monster (thus making being a survivor boring) or the monster is signifciantly better than the survivors (making being a survivor difficult).In short: Love the idea, Pretty good execution, but unfortunately it's a very hit or miss experiance if you're playing with random people over the net."
76561198033126021,Recommended,251170,14642041,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ReeseKS13,"Written forAbsoluteHell.netDamned is, at its core an asymmetrical multiplayer-only experience that contains some incredibly effective tension and dread as you and your group skulk through darkened corridors in hopes to avoid an onslaught of death at the hands of a malevolent supernatural being.Damned successfully taps into that primeval fear of 'what you can't see can kill you' as it will have you more paranoid than David Icke himself. Chiming grandfather clocks, whistling radiators, creaking doors, flickering lights and laughing jack-o-lanterns all play their part as you move cautiously through each of the eleven different environments hoping not to touch uglies with that thing that goes bump in the night.Each of these come in a variety of flavours - from abandoned Hospitals, Asylums, Hotels to Factories; all oozing with an eerie atmosphere that isn't seen nor felt in any other horror based multiplayer game. The scares and true terror rival that of any single-player experience you can have and the fact that it can do this with a multiplayer only game is truly an astounding achievement in and of itself.You control (in first-person) any one of four stereotype survivors found in a haunted house scenario, A Priest, School Jock, Scene-Girl or fabled black-guy-who-dies-first, each armed with only a flashlight and your dwindling nerves. Who you choose to play as, is completely arbitrary as no one survivor has any type of skill set or play style to help aid your team, as all players can equally carry any amount of keys, safe combinations and interact with the environment. As the Survivors, it is up to you to help your colleagues escape the nightmare you have found yourselves in by scouring through cupboards, desk drawers, iron safes and anything else, in order to search out your ways to freedom.On the opposite end of that spectrum sits one other player who is in control of the ghoul/ghost for any chosen scenario and their objective is to simply wipe out all survivors before they can reach the end, the unique twist is though, that the monsters come in three variations and each variant of ghoulish terror requires a different strategy to conquer and overcome as you (the survivor) cannot deal any damage or defeat this player in any way. I will break down the Survivors versus Monster like so:MARY (GHOST):Mary is a scary Asian ghost girl who has the ability to randomly teleport anywhere in the vicinity of the survivors, but not close enough to be within immediate visual range, this can be initiated either by the player or automatically if they spend too long searching for a victim. She can open doors, stalk the hallways slowly and calmly, sobbing with tears; the best strategy for survivors is to run the hell away because simply gazing directly at Mary or being too close in her proximity will trigger the hunter players ability to send her into a screaming rage, who will then run at you and eviscerate you from the inside out. Bar the doors and do not let her in. When she teleports, best to check behind you....LURKER (GHOUL):Looks a lot like Pumpkinhead or a really tall guy who decided that wearing his birthday suit was too much effort. This Ghoul can move between Spectral and Material realms much like Raziel from Soul Reaver, only with a cool down timer and while spectral, cannot see the survivors but can move at speed, pass through locked doors & rig sound traps so if someone stumbles past, say a grandfather clock then it will chime triggering the Ghoul to materialise and slowly, VERY slowly chase after the unlucky individual.PHANTOM (GHOST):Is omnipresent, this ghost can move through any locked door and drift around at terrifying speeds. The only way to avoid this one is to remain silent and move slowly through the level, keeping a visual on it at all times where possible. The only way it can detect a survivor is by sudden noise, such as turning the flashlight on and off or by getting too close to it, thereby lighting that survivor up in an aura that only then can the Phantom detect a presence, other than that it is essentially blind, but the hardest to compete against. Stay away from the centre of the rooms.If any of these creatures manage to catch you it is a one hit kill with no coming back and if you were the one carrying all the keys, you have just made everyone else’s day a whole lot worse.Now, not that I mean to end on the negatives but there are some issues that need to be addressed. Firstly, there are no dedicated servers as it is only a peer-to-peer service meaning that game sessions can range from stable to downright jittery with latency playing a big part of that problem.The game itself is already ill-optimized and framerates can differ heavily depending on what kind of hardware your rig is running. You can have a budget six core processor or a monster expensive processor, you will still see many of the same issues so I would feel terrible with anybody 'meeting' the actual specifications required to run this game as opposed to surpassing them and I mean, it is not exactly the most demanding game out there, regarding hardware requirements. It doesn't even LOOK all that spectacular to begin with. It absolutely is not horrible, but the fact it has issues, requires some serious attention from the Developers if they hope to iron out these flaws and beef up the stability of this product.The animations for all characters border between offensive and hilarious as many, if not all of them look like imposable action figures, with the bare basics required to call them 'high-poly' models. They portray little to no emotion, physically, the audio doing all the work it needs to do and thank christ there! Because when you are trudging through these dank environments which are so beautifully, crafted and rendered, to see John the Priest, complete with missile launching action, running out of a room then being chased by the Lurker who looks as stiff as super glued lego you cannot help but either smirk or run in the opposite direction terrified of either the animations or the monster chasing you at the forefront of it all. It pulls you almost straight out of the experience and the immersion of it all but not enough to justify it as truly terrible.With a little more time spent developing and fine-brushing some animations and textures, Damned can be a lot of things that many games are not and you can really sense the quality under its garbled hood. However, right now, there are a lot of things it is not and given a lack of content and game modes you really see all there is to see within the first ten to twenty minutes of playing. It is really only saved because with friends, it can be an absolute rioting good time full of scares, tension and laughter.Get this to experience it with friends, because finding a server where it is stable or the lobby leader will not kick you out come few and far between. Damned is an enjoyable if not, short lived package that deserves your support and with that, will with any luck come a much better game down the line.SCORE:[76/100]- Daniel Kerr Spendlove"
,Recommended,251170,14321297,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Burnwine,Delightfully spooky and legitimately entertaining. Multiplayer horror actually succeeding.
,Not Recommended,251170,14667414,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,The Coppermind,Maybe when they figure out the bugs this game will be enjoyable. I can't even play it.
76561198147888122,Recommended,251170,12955170,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,michael,it is good game
,Recommended,251170,12974854,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Jesse,"Easy to run, sexy graphics, 2spooky4me, 69spooky420 me, very intertaining. Love this game. Best 20$ ever spent."
,Recommended,251170,13199653,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Breezy,i love the concept. If the developer always update this game would be awesome like l4d but horror version
76561198026464563,Recommended,251170,13189494,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Ignoramus Amos,"After reading some of the reviews I was a bit skeptical, but this game is fun.While there is not an abundance of maps or monsters the game does not feel repedative at all.This game will have you tense and give you a bigger heart attack than a chicken at a poultry processing factory.I would reccomend informing yourself about the basic monsters before you play as each is very different  and knowing how to play each one can save your life.The one thing I dislike is that is buggy, but otherwise a great deal when on sale. You will get at the bare minimum 10 hours of fun from this game. I would love to see it expanded with more map, more monsters, easier door mechanics, and possibly having the survivors have different strengths (EX: mia can run 10% faster or father jacob sees objects highlight from 10 feet further). The sound track could be higher quality as well.Great game overal given that i paid about five bucks for it, one of my most cost effective games.7.5/10"
,Recommended,251170,13185786,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,AlfieChelseaUK,"So far, I have really enjoyed this game despite it's bugs and lag.  It can be a bunch of fun with friends and EVEN playing with other people. Playing as the monster is the best thing about this game but playing as them (there are 3 of them) they are not OP which is a good thing. Even running around finding keys is fun too but scary. Walking around thoses corners and   the Lurker is in your face (that happened to me ;_;) But I would give this game a 8.5/10. They could add mabye a few more monsters and mabye a few maps and of course optimize it more. But apart from all the negatives the game is enjoyble and lots of fun."
76561198056353243,Not Recommended,251170,15227809,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,proteus bomber2,"Dont get it.Everyones lobbies are password protected, Me and my brother bought this game and we couldnt connect with eachother at all(empty lobby issue)while every other game(borderlands 2,Saints row 2 and 4, even gta 4) we connected with worked. As for this It is tedious to change ports and disabling NAT, just to play one game and possibly risking for your computer to have connectivity issues if you do not know what your doing.I wouldnt get it there are many games to have fun, although this seems to have so much potential ,It a shame i have to uninstall..."
,Recommended,251170,15204201,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,RAIZO,"OH THE HORRORS OF SEARCHING FOR KEYS!!  So many keys, so little time.  It's true, there has been a trend in multiplayer horror games lately, namely rogue-likes, that force you to quest for keys.Here's an example, namely of Damned, but for this kind of game in general:>> KEY1 - Unlocks DOOR1>> DOOR1 - leads to KEY2>> KEY2 - Unlocks DOOR2>> DOOR2 - leads to.....wait, no friggin' key, are you serious?!Backtrack a little, oh there's a key you overlooked.  It unlocks a drawer back in the room DOOR1 leads to, thereby       giving you KEY3.>> KEY3 - Get a crowbar.... : /   and where the sh*t am I supposed to use that?! (HINT: when you finally find KEY10 which will ultimately lead you to a special SILVER KEY, then you'll find the boards you're supposed to pry off with said crowbar)All this fetch quest madness leads to a greater sense of fear and unease in the player.  I have to admit, I found that gameplay mechanic annoying and overly tedious at first.  Since then, it's grown on me.  I realize now that if I were in this situation, with 3 strangers (other Steam players) being stalked by 1 of 3 types of monster (another Steam player; that's right: 4 'survivors' and 1 monster make up the basis of the game 'FIND STUFF TO USE ON THINGS AND AVOID GETTING KILLED BY A 'THING' ALONG THE WAY') that I couldn't possibly know where the keys were to get out of wherever it is that we're all trapped in.  So I guess you could say the fetch quest just makes the situation more realistic.All in all, Damned is a pretty fun game and there are trading cards and achievements too. Don't worry, the achievement for successfully completing a certain number of maps goes both ways - you can do so as the monster (so much fun!!) or as a survivor.  Also, the person that plays as the monster doesn't have the advantage you'd think he/she would have.  The monsters have their own strengths and weaknesses, such as the ghoul not being able to see anyone until it's right on top of them + plus it floats around very slowly.  Mary walks slow, but she can teleport too (but even then that's only so many times until the ability has to recharge, in a manner of speaking - you get more charge/uses the more times that you see survivors) and can only go into a 'frenzy' which allows you to take them down by keeping them in your sight long enough to allow it to activate. The 3rd monster can set traps that allow it to pinpoint where survivors are, as it can't see them until it can go into a stalker/kill mode, which of course you have to wait for between each use of said mode.So Damned is pretty balanced as far as this kind of game goes and will offer far more hours of gameplay than alot of other indie/horror games.  Even more fun if you play with friends (which I haven't done personally, but I think it would be fun)."
,Recommended,251170,13696136,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Marvelous Bacon,3spooky/5me.
,Recommended,251170,13698560,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,YoungBoyWonder,"This game is a very awesome game!!! It's actually a really scary game. it's not a horror game that is labeled ""horror"" but really isnt scary. The game is thrilling to play with friends and sometimes even strangers. A lot of jump scares and things to keep you're blood pumping throughout the game. I highly recommend this game to anyone who has friends that are up to have a lot of fun and pull all nighters or just someone that likes their adrenaline going through their body. BUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTT keep in mind, this game is not finished. There are numerous of bugs through out the game. ALTHOUGH, sometimes it really isnt a bug, theres something in the game called ""insanity stages"" that makes your game seem all buggy and stuff but really its not. It's the game messing with you. But yeah there is still a lot of bugs. so if your not patient, i dont recommend this game. just wait for it to be dont but other than that, this game is pretty underrated for how well this is. Highly recommend it!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,251170,13656553,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Saba,DAMNNN!!!!! this game can be damn scary.
76561198097559536,Recommended,251170,13761754,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MOEDOETACK,Excellent game. i will enjoy playing this for a very long time. you have to figure out how to excape whie hiding from the monster this game is very scary and fun. i have no complaints about bugs or anything as the game is still being developed and fixed awesom game and i reccomend buying this.
,Recommended,251170,13735493,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Roseii [1upZ],"For a game that has been out for awhile it has it moments of scares and frustrations. If you can get past the crashes and glitches then you'll have a blast with yoru friends and make new ones. I recommend it for play because it IS fun when it's not messing up.To the developers, fix the issues please so that we can ALWAYS enjoy the game. Thank you!Have fun everyone!"
,Not Recommended,251170,13333898,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,I'mNotDeadOnlySleeping,"This is the buggiest game ever! Player randomly disconnects but then still are in the game, invisible to the host. Others just plainly disconnects. Unplayable, should've been announced as Alpha, not even Beta... -5 / 5 a fun concept painfully badly executioned... I want a refund...."
,Recommended,251170,13452216,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Das Good Ya,Scared my friend so much his game crashed 11/10
,Recommended,251170,13480688,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,EspressoJack,"I have played this game for two days now. For two days I have also called off of work. This game will consume you. Your whole life will be dedicated to scaring innocent people... you will then run out of said people and start buying copies for your friends, who you will then scare the living hell out of. Want to make your friends/family fill thier pants with excrement? Then buy it.WARNING:This game does have a few bugs but it is still in alpha. Just keep trying to play untill you can. It is definately worth it..."
76561198056993661,Recommended,251170,13481483,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,flix98,"So much fun!!! If you are looking for a multiplayer horror game, this is it."
,Recommended,251170,13481518,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,slow creature,so scary i peed in my friends pantsit's gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
,Recommended,251170,13449765,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheHiddenOne,"it is a fun game to play with your friends. I would recommend it if u have a party of 4 or 5, it is really fun to scare your friends but i wouldnt recommend it if you are playing with strangers (it isnt as fun)"
76561198025488083,Recommended,251170,13451473,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Saul Goodman Orphan,"Got a 4 pack for $15 on steam sales.Unique game with plenty of crazy moments, well worth giving it a shot."
,Recommended,251170,7383152,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,BloodCrow,"You know I thought id never find a multiplayer horror game, but look I got one. If you got friends that love horror games, then get this! This is like the♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its not as scary as Amnesia and Outlast."
76561198099589742,Recommended,251170,15324277,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Odinsasylum,"All these bad reviews. I bought this game when it was first in Beta. This is my girlfriend's, and my go to game when we have nothing to do. The game has come a long way featuring two new monsters, and a few new levels. New effects like film grain, and depth fog help the atmosphere of the game. I would recommend this game to anyone who is into this genre. People will talk about the atmosphere being ruined once you discover the patterns and tactics of the monsters. I have accumulated almost 50 hours and I still can get scared and want to run from a monster. Overall 8/10. Solid game with slight bugs. I would recommend buying on sale if you do not thoroughly enjoy this genre."
,Recommended,251170,7350162,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Rem,"Great Scares. Few bugs though. Seeing as it's still in alpha, I'll give it some leway."
,Recommended,251170,15111513,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Seasoned Wanderer,"Damned, a 4v1 horror that is intresting addition to the horror and 4v1 titles. One person picks between 3 monsters. Mary, Lurker, and Phantom. Each one with their own play style and strats. then the survivors must go around finding keys, codes, hammers, and so on to find the end room to end the curse they have set in motion."
,Not Recommended,251170,14815772,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,redhotbillygoat,Could be good.  Is still pretty fun. But feels lacking
76561198105670530,Not Recommended,251170,14750181,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,THESAVVYZEBRA,does steam do refunds?
,Not Recommended,251170,14825691,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Baldiie,such a terrible game seriously.
,Recommended,251170,14735677,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,tREVOR,"Great Game, Extremely fun with friends 10/10."
,Recommended,251170,14736208,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Tenshi1985,A more scary but not as diverse and fast paced as Evolve.
,Recommended,251170,14736301,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,highlysuspectusername,"A neat concept.  The premise of multiplayer horror works - albiet it's done a bit haphazardly.  Occassionally the game will just completely bug out or crash which is frustrating. The game design overall has its oddities as well.  Some of the sounds used are fairly cheesy and the player animations are pretty ridiculous looking.  The monsters seem to have the best animations and thank god for that.  The mechanics of each monster are a bit too extreme to be honest and their effectiveness varies greatly depending on the map.  Public games are a bit of a hassle as players constantly leave when they die.  It can take a long time to spectate a round and it's not like anyone there is your friend.With all that said, I still have good moments in this game.  It's fun.  occassionally playing this with a group of friends will make the best experience - but if you're looking for a game to play all the time this title is not for you."
,Recommended,251170,14842981,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"10/10. Simply playing this with friends and online players gives you an un describable sense that strikes your soul to the very core; formed by the horrors and excitement you experience in game. Playing this game provides you with the chance to experience the most popular theme of all time first hand. The  theme, ""fear of the unknown""; which was the main theme in the famous book, ""Dracula"". You will understand it when you play it. Watching play throughs just wont be enough..."
76561198015267961,Recommended,251170,14844144,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Confusha,I dont care what ppl have to say about this game........I enjoy this game so much. Its fun having an online player hunt you down while you and ur team try to gather items to Escape. I will say this i love playing this game with everyone but there are some in community who wont give you a chance or some that will kick you from game if you dont play right. With that being said. all new comers add me. i will play anytime. MONSTERS IN THIS GAME ARE SICK!!!!!!!!P.S. Mary scares the hell outta me  everytime she charges. so creepy
,Recommended,251170,14731147,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,PresiDante,"If you can get into a game with decent people you can actually have an enjoyable (and spooky) time in this. Depending who you're with though if you die you could be spectating for a LOOOOONG time, especially if the people alive think tactically and hide behind the same door over and over and over again"
,Recommended,251170,14784159,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Billy BoB,This game is awesome!The enviroment is maybe just alittle scary but when the ghost comes... damn RUN. I say RUN YOU FOOL!!! :D
76561198034422263,Recommended,251170,12114003,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Seathan,I love this game ! I had been looking for a game like this for a long time !! It's really awesome !!! I hope new maps / monsters will keep coming !! :)
,Recommended,251170,14803110,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Saucy,as most people say this is like amnesia but with co-op. Even though half the games i get people just go off on there own the other half i get people who want to work together which is really fun. i thought it was worth it!
,Recommended,251170,14804478,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Snoopa,"This is my first review ever. I gotta say, that I love this game. The atmosphere, cooperation needed, and monsters make the game so much fun. I love joining games where the people roleplay their parts. This game is a must have. But forewarn, it actually is more fun to play with friends. Unless, you get lucky and find a game where the players talk. Otherwise, you're pretty much on your own."
,Recommended,251170,14806881,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ablu3smurf,"ok, so this game, for me, has been bittersweet. i really want to love it, honest. Theres just one HUGE issue. Most games i join freeze up. The game just crashes. i dont know if its a common issue, but its annoying. When the game works, however, it is a blast. The gameplay is fantastic, and having a monster that is played by an actual player adds a new element of intelligence that a AI just cant bring. The person controlling the monster can learn and adapt to your escape strategy. I would recomend the game, just dont be surprised if it crashes alot."
,Recommended,251170,14796618,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,hales0n@happy g403,BEST GAME :)
76561198068276217,Recommended,251170,10591254,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,earidoxPay,Best horror game ever. So much fun to play with friends
,Not Recommended,251170,13484982,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Crafekster,"I tought this game was still early access.Screw this game, it takes too much to be able to play with friends without error. There are dosens of problems like constant crashing and glitchy behaviour.As much as i like the game when it works, it doesnt work most of the time."
76561198024069045,Recommended,251170,13487662,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,GavM8,"Good game so far, Idea is amazing. But... Is super buggy as multiple friends own a copy and all have seperate issues. Whole lot of potential though. 7/15 would rate again."
,Recommended,251170,13488670,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,xirailuyo,"A couple years back, I read a post about an idea for a horror game. One person is the monster who hunts down the heroes, and this game got me so hyped. This game is totally worth a purchase when it's on sale, but I wouldn't recommend the game in it's current state for $20.Pros:- Super fun with friends- Has some terrifying moments where I just- I just... my god.- I haven't had any problems with bugs or connection that weren't easily fixed.- Tons of maps (Though some are better than others)Cons:- Bugs do exist: You can't move through a large gap between tables, occasional crashes (Usually out of game), etc.- The game favors the monster player, so the balance for the game is weak.- Only 3 monsters to play as so far.Really, I think the game has the potential to be absolutely amazing. If you can, spend $5 or $10 to help out the devs in progressing this game. I've had a ton of fun with my friends and we've all been able to look past the bugs to enjoy a wonderful experience."
76561198095421602,Recommended,251170,13708085,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Psychopathic Trans Loli,"Recommending this in hopes that the bugs get fixed.I can't even play more that a few matches without quiting, not because of the bugs but because of how scary the game can get.10/10 Fearquit"
,Not Recommended,251170,13708306,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BEEP BEEP BOOP,"Damned has the potential to be a good game, but it isn't. Atleast in it's current state. The game still has some annoying bugs. Whenever someone hosts a game, they choose when to start the game. If the host starts the game before everyone has loaded in, the game crashes for whoever has not loaded in yet and their character instantly dies. It took us a little while to figure out why this was happening, but once we figured it out the bug was easy to avoid. Also, I noticed the game tends to crash if you choose to play multiple rounds within the same lobby. Aside from all the bugs, the gameplay isn't anything to write home about. The monsters/ghosts kill the survivors really easily, but the monsters can choose to drag the match out and attempt to scare the survivors before slaughtering them. In most of the public matches I've played, the monsters just straight up kill you within the first few minutes of the match. They don't attempt to scare you whatsoever, which makes for some lackluster gameplay. If you somehow make it past the ten minute mark, your character starts to have a psychotic break. The longer you go without beating the game(escaping), or getting killed, the symptoms intensify. For instance, hands start to come out the floor which prevent the player from moving. I won't spoil anymore of the symptoms for those who choose to buy the game. One weird thing about the whole psychotic break thing is that all the symptoms are completely clientside, meaning your teammates can't see any of the symptoms you are currently experiencing. I guess this is because it's all in your head, right?If you choose to buy this game, I suggest you play it with a group of friends. If you don't have a group of friends to play with, then don't bother with this game."
,Recommended,251170,13677441,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AbangSyber (Sabri),So far this is the most authentic Horror game experience you'll ever get as of now especially with friends.
,Recommended,251170,13677892,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ha_Ha_Happy,"The installer is broke!I wrote a scathing review about what a pile of garbage this game is because I initially found it completely unplayable.  After reinstalling and some other finnicking, I got it to work.It's everything it claims to be, if you can get it to hold together.  For those with techinical issues, don't lose heart and see if someone else has solved the problem you're encountering."
76561197975210607,Recommended,251170,7976329,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Diehon,"A good game for scares and laughs, even better if you're playing with friends. Though still in the early ages it has got some key principles firmly under thumb, but still has a lot to go in terms of diversity within gameplay. This is something I think will come with time, however it is original in its premise, and the first to execute it successfully!"
76561198061604252,Recommended,251170,7985016,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Grimscar,It's an amazing game even though still being so early in its life. Some of the jumps and scares this game provides at time's is enough to make you want to Alt-F4 out for a while! The game is best played with the correct Gamma settings though otherwise the scare factors drops to near nothing.... Having to rely on your flashlight alone for vision unless you're in some of the maps dimly lit areas brings most of the scare! The rest is a mix of various sound traps the monster player leaves for you to trigger scaring you to death or them physically being visable and chasing you down!!
,Recommended,251170,7992631,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Folkvard,"Picked up a 4-pack and gave some away to friends. Had great fun with this game, although it has some bugs and crashes, it is still enjoyable for several hours. It's just alpha and I really hope there will be lots of maps added later and maybe hopefully a steam workshop for user created maps. The game offers much fun and is strongly reccomended if you like scaring your friends. or being scared whilst trying to escape."
76561197968478283,Recommended,251170,8033770,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Huntbutt,"Not many people play it, however it its pretty fun and the idea is unqiue."
76561197987357391,Recommended,251170,7759018,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kleid,"Ho man, do I love this game.  At the time of writing this review, the game is still in alpha.  That being said, for a game at this stage of development, it's a solid game.  The concept is original and the execution is already good and still morphing into something even better as the developers receive feedback.  It's fund being both the humans and the monster, though between the two currently available (lurker and phantom) the lurker is definitely the favoured one.  The challenge exists for both the humans and the monster since the humans always have that feeling of dread that the monster is around every corner and struggling to advance while the monster is actually on the other side of the map desparately trying to claw his way out of a closet trying to find the last survivor.  I would say it's a definite winner with a good amount of replayability either with friends or online with strangers,"
,Recommended,251170,7762085,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Nick,"This CO-OP survival game is shaping up to become something that I've been longing for on any platform. Up to four players trying to survive certain doom in different maps and searching for keys with only a flashlight in hand can be really intense. Especially when you know the enemy (a player-controlled monster that can go from invisible to visible in the blink of an eye) is lurking around every corner. Might even be walking right behind without you knowing it.This is a game that needs the players to cooperate to survive. As a monster your sole purpose is to make sure the humans won't get away. Afterall they're yours to feast upon.The game is still in alpha and needs more work and polish. There are not many maps or monsters but they're coming. The developers are hard at work and I've seen this game change since I first bought it. Even though it's still in alpha this game delivers plenty of fun, especially for LAN with friends. While playing with random people can be fun this game really delivers when playing with people you know. This is where Damned really shines!If you, like me, is longing for a cooperative, atmospheric horror title which is not centered around shooting things this might be for you! If your tired of being able to kill everything in your path, no matter how great the danger, and want something that can keep you on the edge of your seat, delivering a different experience every time this is for you. If you enjoy being able to rip every other player apart this is also for you!I'm really enjoying this game and I'm looking forward to see it evolve into a finished product."
,Not Recommended,251170,7814707,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,1objection,"Don't buy this until it is out of ""Beta"". I say ""Beta"" because this feels more like an alpha release. Keys are often left in rooms that you can't get to due to buggy key spawning, and if one of your teammates dies in a room with a key that unlocks a door that others can't get to, the monster is guarenteed a win."
,Recommended,251170,7817705,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,gurg13,"What the developers have designed here is a Slender type game where you scamper through a house/hotel/asylum looking for a way to escape. The caveat here is that one person plays the monster. It's brilliant and novel.  As an Alpha it is very playable, though there are some balancing issues as they continue to develop.  There are currently two monster's available the original Lurker  and the phantom.  I have found that the Lurker still is the more enjoyable of the two, as the Phantom doesn't seem to be balanced yet. Either it's too weak or too powerful.  Hopefully sometime in the future they'll get it right.  If you have the friends to play it, and can stomach the growing pains of a developing game, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,251170,1576811,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Jindo Dogg,이거 게임상에서는 아직 알파버전인데 추후 계속 업데이트 될듯외쿡인들과 같이 하는데 꿀잼 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ 보이스챗 하면서 같이하면 더 재밌을텐데..
76561198084916248,Recommended,251170,30759600,Posted: 26 March,all,Battury,"This game is a blast. Unfortunately, no one is playing it anymore (servers are almost totally empty), and therefore should not be bought."
,Recommended,251170,10186346,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Irrelevant,Scray as hell and hallerious at the same time!
76561198156151770,Recommended,251170,13512040,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Big Gay,10/10 would pick up a battery again... and again... and... Again... an... d... agai...n.
76561198071427188,Recommended,251170,17467827,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Celtic Wolf,"10/10 Must buy for those who like to♥♥♥♥♥♥there pants.Be sure to buy this game on sale, so you can save money for new underware."
,Recommended,251170,14828773,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Road To Honey,"It's a nice multiplayer horror game, recommend it if you like getting scared by your friends."
,Recommended,251170,17118299,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dat amp,The real horror is the framerate
,Recommended,251170,17820477,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,KidozyGAME,Want to play a horror game with your friends while being the monster? then this game is for you!
,Recommended,251170,17558950,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Griffith,"This game includes some scary jumpscares and chase sequences, love it. The sounds are also amazing."
,Recommended,251170,17510528,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,The Chipotle Boy,"I think the game is great however I cant help but feel Im playing an unfinished game playing it. It needs new maps and monsters. I feel it also lacks in sounds. Their should be the distant creak of the house settling or bushes rustling in the woods or the echo of a wind, the sound of something falling and breaking off in the distance. These additional sounds would definently up the paranoia and it deserves a strong ambience as well as monster sounds. The game is great but I feel it should be worked on more. If you are however seeking a game you can scare your friends on then this is the game for you"
76561198204063280,Recommended,251170,17388367,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Taliban Dan,"Most early access games run better than this, cant connect to any servers, and everytime i press quit it freezes.i really wanted to enjoy this game but i cant even get on! and yes my NAT is OPEN.edit - Changing my review to positive, devs sorted out the problem within 5 hours.As for the game itself well worth the buy to play with friends."
,Recommended,251170,17406332,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"Like many forms of cancer, Damned slowly works its way to your heart.I'm dying on the inside"
76561198018628467,Recommended,251170,17407284,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,^6Novaa^v^,I got to spoop the poop out of friends. hen/10
76561198042000352,Recommended,251170,22457711,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Cloud Beast,"Damned is a Co-op horror game that focuses on searching and hiding.  There are 5 players in one game, 4 are the humans and 1 is the monster.  The humans have to search for keys and open doors to try and escape the monster.  The game is pretty fun until you hit the 10 hour mark and all the maps and monsters start to feel old and boring.  This is a decent game and i would love to see them add just a few more maps or just a few more monsters to spice things up.There are some issues for this game.  Be warned that the game does freeze at times and you have to restart the client to fix this problem.  It becomes a nuisance at times.My overall score for this game is a 6/10"
76561198020165905,Not Recommended,251170,22386746,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,[Box] Sakitaco,"At first, this game worked decently. I was looking forward to updates and additions to the game. But the opening screen has continued to get worse and worse as far as ease of operation. It started with having my cursor SO lagged that it took a full minute to even hover over any of the options. Then the company added a the requirement to sign in to their service on top of being on steam, for no apparent reason. The past several times I've tried to operate this game, I can no longer click anything in the opening screen. Each of 17 tries to load this game has resulted in a complete inability to click on anything or interact with the game in any way other than through Task Manager - IE hard shut down of the program. I would like to note that my Steam Overlay works perfectly and I'm able to interact with it just fine."
,Recommended,251170,25374461,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,=TC-R= Ford,"Fun game definitely and I enjoy playing it but unfortunately for my friend who I bought the game for cannot launch his game because for him it forever says ""Servers are down for maintenance"" and he hasn't been able to play the game for a year which sucks and I wish the Devs can fix it."
76561198141813188,Recommended,251170,22037510,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,☯MR.Entr☯,"This is a cool game and very funny.I buy 4-pack for 18,48 I think.And buy this gamee!!!!! :D"
76561198005772297,Recommended,251170,25728872,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,zeral_storm,"This is the only multiplayer game that ever managed to scare me! Most other multiplayer ""horror"" games tend to be more action. This game is actually scary even though it is mulitiplay!"
76561197978331094,Recommended,251170,25668323,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Major Grogg,Its not easy say whatever this game is worth the asking price or not. If you are the type that likes co-op adventures with friends than you will probably have a really good time with this. Game konsept here is very good I think. However some bugs in the menu are so damned annoying that it kinda ruins it. Still 6 of my friends got this game and we have had really fun playing it so it's probably worth it.
76561197984266054,Recommended,251170,25599493,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Tronword Furey,"Really fun game, I love it. Made some good friends playing this game, avoiding the player that is stalking you can get pretty intense. Playing as a monster and generating tears from your victims keeps me coming back!"
,Recommended,251170,26194364,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Calculatedr (Muting),"Not fun to play with random, if you have a friends to play with, go on and play this8/10"
,Recommended,251170,12471243,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Kubetin,"It's fun, but full of bugs. It also seems they abandoned the game..."
76561198119800850,Recommended,251170,22595170,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Soren,"While this game is fun, it needs to be remade with a different and better engine.The monsters need to have different variables when it comes to each stage. Some stages are very narrow making monsters (especially the Phantom) way too powerful.What I'm trying to sya is that mosnters aren't overpowered- It's just certain stages are not appropriate for select monsters.Monster abilities/stats be allowed to make friendly changes would be nice."
76561198060784066,Recommended,251170,26965929,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dennis the Menace,"I played this game in a pre-Dead by Daylightworld and it was great fun. Keeping in mind that it's only really enjoyable if you play it with friends,Damnedis a charming little title that provided us with a few good hours of enjoyment. Whilst it can be compared toDepth, Dead by Daylightand the upcomingLast Year, this game has a certain pizzazz that those other games do not. The act of scavenging for your escape, rather than fixing or waiting for a generator makes ones actions seem all the more desperate as the player spends each second actively participating in their own escape attempt. This being said, the games has many flaws, yet some of these flaws actually contribute to the overall appeal of the game. Some flaws include those of how back when I played (this may have changed in recent times) there was really only one monster worth playing. The servers also had some issues yet with a bit of patience we were always able to play. Also, when you died and went into spectator mode it seemed as though watching your allies in first person perspective mode was even more fluid and had more animations than when you yourself were playing (and this is one of the flaws that gave the game its charm).This is a flawed game. But it's a fun game (with friends). Although there are now some better alternatives as aforementioned,Damnedstill has its own thrills and surprises. I would not buy this game at full price, instead wait for the many sales and buy it then, perhaps even a four-pack to play with your friends."
,Recommended,251170,26959712,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PiEater,"Buggy at times, but with a full game of friends this game is some of the best late night fun.Can't fill up a game with all survivors? Once your die just rejoin and pickup the empty slot."
,Not Recommended,251170,21105304,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,charlesberg,"Apparently the e-mail I used, doesn't exist. Brilliant.I'm out. Seems dead anyway.---Game is good.Multiplayer ruins it, majority of servers are filled with mic/text spammers."
,Not Recommended,251170,26755278,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,WhaHappened Exfire,Meh... 5/10
,Recommended,251170,26750191,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,pants,"was cool while it lasted, game seems dead and abandoned"
76561198097081952,Recommended,251170,26742674,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Templar Jp,The price is a bit steep for what you get and you the online community isn't exactly ideal. Playing this with a bunch of buddies will be awesome.
76561198030537694,Recommended,251170,7341562,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Heddle,Hilarious game. Terrifyingly funny to run around and listen to your friends scream. Highly recommended.
76561198047560847,Not Recommended,251170,13877757,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Mortins Shorts,"Forgot password so had to reset, they lie about sending emails because the chubster at the desk must be in the toilet, make a new account and of course i've already used the registry key so can't do that.... god DAMNED"
76561198005578288,Not Recommended,251170,29307614,Posted: 16 January,all,Willy Wanka,"* + Extreamly fun consept* + Will make you or your friends scream like a girl.* + Easy to make lobbies* + Bunch of maps* - 29 Active players* - Full of buggs* - Playing as killer is really boring. (You walk extreamly slow and have to find players either by placing ""decoys"" or you'll see them for a few seconds.* - Crashes all the time* - People join to grief* - Awfull mechanics* - Lobbies glitchesOne of the few games I have refounded. (I own 169 atm)"
,Recommended,251170,29319706,Posted: 17 January,all,Imouto 💜,"Despite the lack of maps, monsters and updates - I thoroughly enjoy playing this game. It has a good fear factor, especially with insanity turned on, it also has occasional key glitches which can be irritating but also cause quite a panic. I enjoy this game, as do many of my friends. We do wish there were more updates, maybe even bug fixes but even without that, I think it's something for people to enjoy. But f you do plan to play Damned, play it with friends or in a solid lobby, this increases the fun, can reduce any lag and gives you a steady play."
76561197992438181,Recommended,251170,29288980,Posted: 15 January,all,REDHEADMASTER,"people still play this game. You can't play with bots so you have to play with other people. The servers sometimes have a ping of 500-1000 but don't worry because it goes down when you join. If you can't find any servers that are open with people try looking another time. You WILL need to make an account to play, but dont worry because they dont send you anything in your email. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND reading a guide to this game or ask people on servers. The game is very scary and awesome. 8/10"
,Recommended,251170,29260003,Posted: 14 January,all,Ted,"This game is a fun scare, especially during and around Halloween. I would love to see VR support added to this game, but even without, it can really put you on edge. For now, a big screen monitor with 7.1 surround sound in a very dark room will have to do.The only downside is the potential for meta-gaming. Someone (on the survivors team) will know the monsters strength and weaknesses, and deliberately use that to their advantage to give them a fighting chance. The draw of this game is to scare the living day lights out of you. There is supposed to be no way of defeating the monsters, except to find all the right keys and lock codes to escape. That feeling of helplessness is what motivates you to run away while you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants in sheer terror."
,Not Recommended,251170,32698711,Posted: 23 June,all,handle,the game is extremely unpolished and nothing has been done since release to work out this games many kinks!it should be an early access title!!
,Not Recommended,251170,32607095,Posted: 20 June,all,TheMadKing,Game is damned
,Recommended,251170,33601071,Posted: 16 July,all,"Solnya, The Pickle Man","I got this game early into its ""early access"" stage about 2-3 years ago, maybe more. The servers were never slamming with activity but since then its pretty much dead now that so many other games have entered into this genre (1v4+ survival horror). The closest direct analog to this game is Dead Realms and I think its staying active enough.Basically one person plays the ""spirit"" and there are several different types with each one having its own unique look, abilities, pros, and cons. I found the variety to be plenty and each offered unique ways to have fun and freak the hell out of the players.The players are all basically the same just with different skins. This is the weakest part of the game but I can't be too hard on it because it was so early in the genre's start. All the players are trying to do is escape and that boils down to searching rooms, drawers, cabinets, and shelves for batteries (for your flashlight) or for a key that will open random doors that are locked and keeping you from the exit. While this can build tensions because there are ZERO hints as to what door the key works for its a constant back and forth but not in a way I enjoyed. A little bit of something, like text on the key, would have been nice to at least know what type of room the key opens (pantry, restroom, exit, etc).The graphics are, frankly, very rough. They never got in my way and it offered some charm but if you're looking for decent looking games in this genre there are a ton, including Dead Realms (which is, admittedly, more cartoonish in its look). The sound design is the same; its enough to get by and the jump scare noises are fine.I liked this game but BUYER BEWARE...if you aren't buying this with a  group of friends you likely will not find people to play with as the servers are practically lifeless (pun intended). You may luck out and find someone to play with but that didn't seem to be the case for me."
76561198075201915,Not Recommended,251170,8560178,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MrSnowFlake,"Game is dead, devs gave up on it.If you still plan to buy it, buy when it is on sale, on a VERY GOOD sale.Game is fun, but is pretty bugged and you'll get no support really."
,Recommended,251170,7526355,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Delmasca,Fun for the whole family!
76561197986426963,Recommended,251170,7294613,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,K1ngdaz,"This game has the potential to become one of the best ""horror"" games ever created. To me a good horror/scary game acctually send shivers down your spine while playing and making you jump at the slightest noise... and this game has it all ive had a few of my friends buy this and they all agree with me while they screamed on the mic over teamspeak. i recommend this to everyone thats not easily scared and tell me it didnt scare you! Even tho this game is still in Alpha its allready awsome... i really cant wait for the finished game. 100% recommend."
