user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,251150,17899323,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Bash,"My ImpressionWords cannot evenbeginto describe what I feel for this game.If you have ever been in love - that's the closest it gets to describe it <3.I may sound like a game-addict, but that's just not it, you have to play this game to comprehend it.SummaryFor those who don't feel brave enough to face the wall of text (warning: this game is like a wall of text itself and the Second Chapter will be even more so;-)), still have a look at the verdict, please.PositiveMediocreNegative+ Great story~  slow at times+ Living world+ Interesting NPCs+ Fun quests- easily missable+ Breathtaking locations+ Loveable characters~ you have to part with+ Enjoyable combat~ moving is mostly a waste of your turn+ Beautiful artdesign~ old textures+ HD Graphics in dialogues~ for important characters only+ Goosebumps musicThe StoryOver 50h in length (it took me 52h) spans a grand story which isn't even over after this but leaves you craving for more.Basically, it is a quest to find your father, who was on an airship, which suddenly vanished from the skies. So you try to achieve this by stepping into your father's shoes and start your job as a so-called 'Bracer' - a kind of unofficial law enforcer. Therefore, you start out with your pair of siblings as 'Junior Bracers' and try to fill the hole left by your Father. This brings you closer to him and the mystery of his disappearance.Sometimes slow, just like a walk through forests and mountains with your friends,then rapid at others like zillion things suddenly making sense, events you thought might happen, come about and people do things you never thought they would do.Breath-taking and like magic keeps you in the world for hours without letting you goThe WorldIt's a big, living world; there are interesting quests, NPCs and locations everywhere.The NPCs were very special to me - some already know things about you (yeah, sounds blurry, but I don't want to spoil anything), some might remember you if encountered before. I have to add, that I really tried to speak toeveryNPC - whether he would sell me something, give me a quest or just chat with me.That I did every quest possible (though I failed once or twice - since you always have a timeframe depending on your main questline to do sidequests) was just natural - I was motivated to do my 'job' and help the people of the country.Ancient towers, beautiful lakes, magnificent towns, military buildings, rocky mountains, dark forests, misty valleys make up the scenery around you and there is even more to see.The CharactersVery different individuals but every one of them loveable and enjoyable.The two lead characters are Estelle and Joshua Bright, with Estelle being the main character, so to say. On your journey, you encounter multiple other characters who will join your fellowship. It was always hard for me to lose old comrades and gain new ones as I didn't know those and just got to love the ones I used to have with me (looking at you here, little T <3). After all, that's one of the things that makes this game very special to me.The CombatFirst of - I hate turn based games. The second thing is - I loved the combat in this game.Sounds strange again? - I know, but manipulating the flow of the fight by using crafts {1} or arts {2}, just focusing attacks on the next enemy, deciding whether to heal or attack when between a rock and a hard place - it makes the turns feel exciting and gets your heart racing.Additionally, this game also features elemental-based advantages, so if you fight against a plant-like monster, fire attacks will most likely 1-hit the cabbage. Naturally, this works both ways, so don't think about attacking the water-guys with fire attacks and be wary of their attacks in case you modified your defense to fire. Nevertheless to apply this, you either need the knowledge, where the Monster Book comes in handyor a quartz {3}, that lets you see enemy stats (I used the latter for the whole game).Sadly here is one thing I didn't like, i.e. that moving your character costs you the full turn, It was really annoying and I ended up using the moving in only 1 or 2 fights across the entire game, which is a bit sad but makes you try to position your characters by attacking certain areas.The 'Retry Offset' (downscaling on losing fights) is another nice feature for those who don't like dying over and over again without seeing any light in a difficult situation. On the whole, this game is about the story and not the combat so you shouldn't rage about it and dislike the game because of one single fight.Definition of TermsCrafts are unique special abilities of each character, they use 'CP' (Craft Points) which you get by attacking or being attacked. At 100 CP you can use an even more powerful S-Craft, which gains power as your CP-bar rises, up to 200 points.Arts are the magic in this world, you gain access to magic depending on the quartz installed in your 'Orbment' (a device for using arts).Quartz is made of so-called 'Septium Crystals' (a secondary currency/resource), they come in different elements and strengths and feature bonuses to your basic abilities like Attack and Defence and grant you access to arts.The VisualsI won't call it graphics, this game is old and you can certainly see this. However this is the PC version, so you won't have problems playing it on 1080p, the text is easy to read, the graphics of the faces (only for important characters) are magnificent and most importantly - the style matches the game and enhances the atmosphere perfectly.You can certainly see that much thought and love was put into designing the whole world and every interior. Well, to be honest, the trees in the forest don't exactly look hand-placed, but who cares about that anyway?The SoundYeah, this gets an extra bullet-point, because every time I start up this game I immediately get goosebumps - I think that's enough to describe it.Moreover 'The origins of light' (or 'of the stars') is just a beautiful soundtrack and by far not the only great one in this game.The sound really adds to the atmosphere in the game.The VerdictLast but not least, the game is extremely fun and at the end of the day, that's what matters in a game  - having fun.I finished this game with a smile on my face and tears in my eyes, I didn't know whether to laugh or cry - the best ending ever in the video games I've played.I advise everyone to get this game and enjoy the magicical journey of theTrails in the Sky:-)NoteIf you have read this far -thank you.I hope this review helped you in deciding to buy this game and if it did, I would be grateful for a 'thumbs up', if you didn't like it, you can give me a 'thumbs down' but I would be glad to hear your opinion on what you didn't like.My review for Trails in the Sky Second Chapter."
76561198025758732,Recommended,251150,11471391,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Saximus,"Alright, kiddo, here's the deal with the deal. You want more JRPGs on Steam, right? Of course you do. You have your Final Fantasy, you have your Agarest, you have a few others, but you want more. I want more. We all want more. Guess what Trails in the Sky is. That's right; a JRPG. You buy it, you tell publishers ""hey dudes look there's a market for this genre.""And are you the type of person who sees a bunch of games starring rugged white guys with guns and gets sad that there aren't more female game protagonists? Well, you see that person with the staff and the ponytails up there? Guess what that person is. Female? You bet your sweet buttery biscuits she's female. Her name is Estelle. She's pretty interesting. And there are three other playable ladies in the game. They're all interesting also. And there's four dudes as well, and all of them are interesting. Everyone is really frigging interesting.""But I don't want to give money to some jerky big-name game publisher. Who is getting my hard-earned regional currency?"" Wise up, you dingus; your hard-earned regional currency is going to XSEED. You know how awesome XSEED is, mofos? Really really awesome. More awesome than you and I put together.As for the game itself? Alright, fine, let me serious up for a minute. *ahem*Call me odd, but when it comes to JRPGs, I'm the type of person that prefers strong gameplay over a strong story. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with video games as a storytelling medium (hell, the entire genre of visual novels exists for this exact purpose), but if I really want a good story, then I have both a library card and a Netflix subscription to take advantage of. I play video games because I want to, you know, *play a game*. Because of this, I'm much more likely to enjoy - as well as replay - JRPGs that favor complex gameplay over a compelling story (Pokemon, Golden Sun, Final Fantasy V) than JRPGs that favor a compelling story over complex gameplay (Lunar, Earthbound, Final Fantasy IV).The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is one of the only exceptions.That's not to say that the gameplay is bad; think of the battle system as a cross between Final Fantasy VII and Final Fantasy Tactics. It's fun, it moves at a good pace, and it features the *classiest* damn battle music I have ever heard. The thing to be aware of before diving in, though, is that the game is broken up into five chapters, with each chapter having its own locations, dungeons, sidequests, enemies, and so on. Once you complete a chapter and move on to the next one, you can't go back, meaning that anything you missed is now completely inaccessible. Even within the individual chapters, the sidequests (of which there are a TON, a plus in my book) have relatively small timeframes; there are also a bunch that aren't even listed until you happen to bump into them, including a couple that make me seriously wonder how anyone at Falcom could think that players could complete them all without a guide. While the sidequests are, of course, optional, they do offer some nifty rewards, challenging battles, and humorous cutscenes, and if nothing else, it's frustrating to be at the endgame and be missing only one or two entries in the bestiary or recipe book.But Trails in the Sky features quite literally the most vibrant, detailed world of any JRPG I have ever played.This game has an immense amount of text, and XSEED did an absolutely wonderful job translating it for English-speaking audiences. Be aware that the story is not fast-paced in the slightest - it's a slow burn with an emphasis on character interactions and world-building. Because of this, the cutscenes in Trails tend to take a long time, like many other entries in the genre, but the writing is so strong and the characters so likable that you won't mind at all. Even beyond the main characters and story, you rarely have to go far to find an NPC with something interesting to say - not a whole lot of ""Welcome to Corneria"" or ""Press Start to open the menu"" here. (Protip: reexamine each treasure chest after opening.)Interesting characters. Vibrant world. Stellar soundtrack. JRPGs. XSEED. Come on."
,Recommended,251150,11502172,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Casul,"Unbelievable world building and detail, well-developed characters, careful deliberate pacing (although slow due to having to set up a huge saga as its first entry) and a well-written script all contribute to creating a world that pulls you in and is populated by characters you care about. Despite the huge amount of text in this game (yeah by the way, stay away if you don't like reading) I found myself savoring each and every line in the game, even those by random NPCs.It's like reading a good fantasy novel, it really is the best world building and such work that I've seen in a JRPG, most likely ever.That would be reason enough to jump in, but the RPG underneath that world is also fun, balanced, and somewhat nostalgic.Battles have that ""everything matters"" feeling, a sort of mix between a strategy game and a traditional RPG system. Character progression is tied to the story, but gets really good after about the midpoint in the game, and battles ramp up in strategic scope as you go along.Overall, this should not be missed by fans of JRPGs, or anyone that enjoys good narrative and world building in video games, especially the more literary types who are accostumed to diving into fantasy novels and taking in all the details and workings of a fictional world to heart as it slowly unravels in your head.By the way, the random NPCs who roam around the village and such? The soldiers? The innkeepers? They have character arcs.Character. Arcs.That's all. There's no overstating the narrative and world detail that goes into this series.Get it."
76561198117358894,Recommended,251150,13893210,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ofcoslava,"Should you buy this game? So glad you asked. Yes!Should this be your very first JRPG? Yes,but...read on.*My recent gamplay was a 90+hr adventure (some offline) that was well worth the discounted price (-50% = 8€). The game's positive reviews are well-deserved, but tell little of actual gameplay to someone who might be interested in this kind of RPG, but never did play a JRPG/SRPG.This was may be your case, too, so here's what I learned...*****World of Zemuria: thoughtful, detailed, infinitely rich. (5/5)For this installment in the popular franchise we get to adventure in Kingdom of Liberl, discovering a wide-reaching plot and tackling some mysteries. Cliché much?This game does not shy away from the overused concepts, but delivers them with fresh spins, and gives them some unexpectedly serious reasoning. Talking to various NPC's, including random household members, paints the game's stage a somber shade of grey - with much emphasis on recently fought war and new orbment technologies available. (You'll be amazed at how many NPCs stress over a family member unable to get or hold a job.) As you march on, you'll learn that beneath all the apparent sweetness lies a serious, compelling narrative. Its logic includes economy, psychology and strategy and favours realism + logic to drive and resolve many conflicts. The overwhelming cuteness and apparent anime-aesthetics serve as a visual counter-point and a fun diversion for the consumer - as ever.XSEED did a wonderful job on translating and adapting the game.With the problems they facedand work ahead of them, this needs to be stressed.Warning for the easily offendable:This RPG follows the tradition of amalgamating many diverse cultural and historical influences in a distinct blend of East & West. When the Gospel and an Apostle make an appearance, they singify something else from what one might expect. Also, while loved and cared for, children of Liberl do get exposed to real danger. That orphanage you helped? Burnt to the ground. The grand-daughter wanting to help her grandpa? Gets sternly warned, but ultimately joins for an incredibly dangerous infiltration mission to rescue him.*****Playable characters: varied, with very flexible builds, require some system mastery. (5/5)You get to make a party of up to 4 PCs and as the story goes on, more people join the Bright kids. The Bracer Guild they're a part of provides them with much quest fodder and some plot protection, but ultimately, they're on their own. Their companions are darn well excellent and come in very handy: if you can't fight through an area, wait until your ranks well. Of the 6 available, Schera's and Oliverier's antics made me giggle ever so often, and they are my favourites. In lieu of an old favourite of mine, imagine a game where most of in-game banter has Sands pitted against Neeshkas... You'll love it.So what's with the builds? They are limited, but not in a bad way. The character level-ups are automated, abilities are unlocked intermittently and vary greatly (each character has a different build, but no class). You get a pick of 5 equippable items + some slots to fill wil crystals which are more than wondrous items, because they synergize. You may play around for a bit and just pick anything to wear/slot, because there's always a reload/retry or flight from a battle... I've actually made it halfway through the game before I read up on those orbal crystals and made my first optimized builds.All in all, the character building is very beginner-friendly, which helps a lot. And there's ample room for experiment, which is great. Strategic value of turn-based combat is best described elsewhere, but let's just say it doesn't disappoint.Warning for the lazy:The characters need to be fine-tuned, eventually. Final chapter presents a tournament which requires a higher level of orbal system mastery, while the final battle sequence ranges from enjoyable (if you got the combinations right) to downright enfuriating (if you didn't).Warning for time-constrained:Beware the walls of text. Seriously. It's a living book.  It eats players.Warning for the romantically inclined:There is much in-game talk about the nature of Joshua and Estelle's growing relationship, yet not one NPC seems to mind the fact that they're officially siblings (Estelle is Cassisus' daughter, and Joshua's his ward/stepson). Which is fine by me, because the two couldn't be more opposed than they are, and their confusion about life & love is delivered tactfully and with much wit.***The gameplay: a rocky ride to get through the story. (3/5)What I didn't miss here was a feeling of game being rushed and some content dropped because of time constraints - something my favourite Western RPGs chronically suffer from. The main narrative is one of adventure, with walls of text hinting at massive spoilers. I enjoyed it immensely, and can't wait for the sequel!With that said, there are some glaring issues with gamplay and story presentation. The one thing I did have a problem with were wildly varying secret quests one can discover along the way (you'll need to consult aguideto get them). In-game Junior Bracer Journal served me well as an agenda, so that's a plus.Warning in general:achievements such as best rank/weapon take a lot of time and effort, so be warned and grab a guide BEFORE starting the game properly. As TvTropes put it, my playthrough suffered a heavy case of Guide Dang It!Warning for time-constrained:I didn't mind all the grinding, but you can't escape it. Especially if you want the best gear the game's got or insist on micro-managing stuff. The difference between starting the Chapter 1 as L14 (my first try) and L18 (the second playthrough I finished) taught me to grind as I save: at every opportunity, as much as I can. And also, the railroading, apparently a traditional facet of the JRPG genre. Finally, hasty decisions versus small time windows. You can miss so much with only a click. I re-did the Prologue because I was merely getting to know the ropes and I missed two books I wanted to collect. The re-run was worth it.*TL;DR: Very good game, with some issues for the uninitiated. Merits a sequel (localization's in the works!) and a second playthrough (especially for achievements).*Thank you for reading this review. It was my first, and I hope it served you well. =)"
,Recommended,251150,11466004,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Erheller,JRPG on Steam? Check.NPC's that have new dialogue after every plot point? Check.One of the deepest and most consistent worlds ever in a video game? Check.Awesome localization? Check.Empty chest jokes? CHECK.Note: Almost all crashing issues present at launch seem to have been patched out. The game is perfectly playable now.
,Recommended,251150,11465794,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,EvilEagles,"Trails in the Sky, or Sora no Kiseki, is an expansive RPG trilogy with massive content - very well done world-building and well-paced characterization. The story begins slowly and quietly with Estelle and Joshua, along with a couple friends. The pace picks up during mid-game before ending with a fantastic finale. The story does well in holding an epic scale while at the same time remains personal where it’s needed, as Estelle and Joshua travel together and develop themselves. It’s pretty clear that Falcom’s ambition is to create a tasteful unified world for all of their Kiseki games. That is something I really value.Estelle is pretty annoying, to be quite frank. But regardless of that, she’s a very well-developed character with a lot of personality depth. To compliment her stubborn and hot-headed nature and balance out the personality chart, there is her ugh … partner, Joshua, who is usually quiet, calm, and very clever. Their interactions and relationship in general are a pleasure to watch. The rest of the cast consists of very well-distinguished characters too, but I’m going to let you decide that. SnK isn’t the only game with well thought-out characters for sure. All I’m saying is, Estelle and Joshua are one hell of an enjoyable pair.The battle system is a mixture of traditional turn based and grid based battle system. Aside from the usual RPG combat elements, the grid provides the players with a lot of depth for strategic combat decisions, regarding space and sometimes even time. In terms of combat abilities, the characters are also very well-varied and well-balanced, allowing a lot of customization to suit your playstyle. Not to mention that the Quartz system plays a big role in determining each character’s combat abilities as well.If you love JRPGs, you should definitely give Trails in the Sky a try. Despite the slow beginning, I promise the deep world-building and character interactions will keep you engaged."
76561198001656726,Recommended,251150,17213342,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Taznak,"Final Fantasies, Front Missions, Suikodens, Saga Frontiers, Vandal Hearts, Chrono Trigger, Shin Megami Tenseis, Fire Emblems, Breath of Fires, Grandias, Tales, Xenogears and Xenosagas; in all I've played easily over 50 jRPGs. And if I had to name the best jRPG I've ever played, there's no doubt in my mind- it is The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky. Forget about cult classics Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy 7- they were very good games to be sure, but just don't measure up to this little gem. The only jRPG that comes close as far as I'm concerned is the original Suikoden, and even then I'm aware that's mostly my nostalgia speaking.On to the game itself: its combat is serviceable. I know that's not much of a recommendation, and it shouldn't be; the tightness of their combat systems has never been a main draw of jRPGs. In this genre, combat is usually more relaxing and cathartic than engaging, and while there are exceptions in harder games or game modes, the way to beat those is more brainy puzzle-solving than high-octane action. Combat in jRPGs mostly serves as breaks between storytelling segments, and the combat for The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky does an excellent job in that regard; you can dodge encounters when you don't feel like fighting, if you're underleveled you'll earn a lot of experience and catch up quickly, and if you're overleveled combat will provide very few rewards, signalling that you're more than ready to advance the story. Tip: Speed is the best stat, seek to boost it with your orbments.The cast of companions is good but not hugely memorable; besides the two main characters, there will be high points in your cast of companions like the devious Scherazard and low points like the dullard Agate. This works just fine, because the spotlight throughout the game is shone on protagonists Estelle and Joshua, and the mystery surrounding their father, Cassius Bright. I won't go into detail because spoiling the story would be criminal; it is hands down the best story I've ever seen in a jRPG, and probably the best story I've seen in a videogame, period. It is full of intrigue, misdirection and foreshadowing; in a fantastic deconstruction of jRPG tropes, not everything foreshadowed ends up coming to happen, as your group only sees an incomplete picture of a complex puzzle, and their interpretations of events and what's going on behind the scenes are merely educated guesses- which sometimes hit the mark, and sometimes don't. When the end of the game comes along and the storylines unravel, I was flabbergasted; I couldn't stop thinking about the game for weeks.The game's writing is delightful. In jRPGs, we've grown to expect either shoddy translations or faithful translations of shoddy original dialogue. Not here; the lines the characters speak always feel authentic, like something people would actually say in their situations. When Estelle and Joshua are playing the part of the rookies, travelling alongside a more experienced Bracer, it is brilliantly reflected in the story and the dialogue; there's a myriad of small details which Joshua and (especially) Estelle might miss, but a more experienced Bracer like Scherazard wouldn't. When a more senior bracer pulls rank on you, you can tell that they have good reason to do so (except when Agate does it. He's just a jerk).There's a bunch of optional quests to complete throughout the game in the form of Bracer assignments; some are fairly straightforward, others require more lateral thinking, and one in particular just about requires looking up the answers on the internet. Yes, the stupid library quest for finding the missing books. These side quests are okay, but nothing to write home about; the heart and soul of this game is in the story and the writing. The places you visit, the people you meet... it seems straightforward, but then it hits you in the face and you realize it was a curveball. Not always. But just often enough to keep you on your toes.If you have any interest at all in jRPGs, do yourself a favor and play this game. It is the best the genre has to offer."
,Recommended,251150,12558831,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Radene,"Now this is one of those games that scratch that nostalgia itch, nostalgia for times when I was a decade or two younger and all I could ask from a game was to tell you and let you participate in a story that's worth being heard. You will find no shiny loot to show off to your acquaintances with, you will find no quick instant gratification here. If you seek that, go grab the current flavor of the month blockbuster.What this game has, and in spades, at that; is the world, the characters, the story, the music and a lot of subtlety. Oh, and a boat chase scene. It has a boat chase scene.Moving along, this isn't a game to be played with half your attention elsewhere. You're going to miss on a lot if you don't really pay attention. And when I say you're going to miss a lot, I mean both quests and entertainment. The character interaction, while scripted, is a lot more natural than is typical for the genre, with off-hand remarks, interjections, under-the-breath murmurs and such. The protagonist duo, again, not typical for the genre, does well to avert the usual ""Brooding Bishonen with Baggage"" protagonist problem with JRPGs to a large degree. Also, it is not a story about a couple of kids saving the world of useless adults; It's more about a couple of kids getting swept up into more than they bargained for, and doing their part.The combat can get a little repetitive at times, hair-pullingly frustrating at others, and just plain annoying at others still, because, dammit, I was in the middle of something and now this bunch of mobs is trying to interrupt me! Still, the possibilities with the customization of every character's magic setup along with the option to interrupt an enemy turn with your own limit break makes for quite tactical combat that can get you away with your skin even from a surprise attack.The storytelling is detailed and at times quite persistent, there are several scenes that last for about ten minutes before you're back to the gameplay, but again, with how naturally the characters converse, it doesn't feel off.  Now, the story itself does get a bit overwhelming at the halfway point, but if you've been paying attention, you can see many of the twists coming; or rather, you will figure out that there will be a twist; the twist itself is still likely to sweep you clean off your feet. Oh and by the way, NPCs travel around the world too, and remember you if you met before, and the subtlety of the worldbuilding is amazing. For a minor example, at some point there's a restaurant where you can hear that recent problems with monsters are making it hard to get ingredients for their dishes. If you don't take care of that problem, they  will actually go and change their menu (and the items you can buy there).The music is simply amazing, but that's nothing new for a Falcom game.Now excuse me, I have a New Game Plus to play. On Nightmare."
,Recommended,251150,13543816,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Drako9,"pros:-its a classic and solid jrpg with good storyline-all characters are really likeable(even the npcs, btw some of then have their own story if you check then out)-the combat system is pretty fun with some good customization-the game is pretty challenging, especially at the end-it has some pretty funny moments(try checking each chest after openning then)-the game is really long with hours(around 40 hours if you speedrun) of gameplay(its kind silly that i have to say that these days since most of games are around 10 hours max long)-the port is very well donecons:-the game graphically is pretty outdated(not that i give a♥♥♥♥♥♥since still looks good)-you cant backtrack(so if you wanna 100% you WILL NEED A GUIDE)dont buy this game just because you wanna more jrpgs on steambuy this game because its a fantastic game"
,Recommended,251150,11466650,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Boondock,Me like JRPGs. You like JRPGs. This incredible JRPG. You buy JRPG. They bring over more JRPG.
,Recommended,251150,19060608,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,SupriceSupplies,"The Legends of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, a game I randomly found on the steam store which caught my attention.When I bought this, I never expected something like this game.The first in its trilogy which I recently learned, the second of which being released on steam around 2 weeks ago as of writing this, which reminded me to actually play this game again and see how the story went further.For more than 10 months, I've been missing out.I would abbreviate it but that's a no-no in this case.At its core, Trails in the Sky is more or less a strategy-RPG. What I mean by this is that when you encounter enmies, there's a grid-like field on which your characters can move around as well as the enemies, but there's also an overworld in which you can walk around, shop, do sidequests, as well as other things.Graphics and Visuals:I'm not really sure how to put it. I really like the artstyle and the character models, or sprites. I'll just go with sprites. The character sprites kinda look like dolls. Which I don't really see all to often, and I really like it. The artstyle is rather simple which works. But they aren't exactly remarkable. I mostly remember the areas for what's in them, and not for how they look. There were also a couple of graphical bugs and in some cutscenes when someone walks away they just suddenly pop away instead of moving out of the screen. As well as some waiting in their places until they come around and say something, as if it were some sort of stage play. Not to mention, considering the game itself is quite old. A PSP game if I remember correctly, so the framerate isn't all too fast.Now, one thing that just drags the visual quality up are the effects. Just look at ANY art attack or S-Craft and you'll know what I mean, but more on these things later.Overall: 7/10Soundtrack:Alongside with the story, my favourite part of the entire game. I'm just going to say it bluntly to ye alright?This game has my favourite soundtrack of any video game ever.Words aren't enough to describe it. Just. The arrangement, the instruments, holy flipsticks it's SO GOOD.Just a whopping 10/10Edit 11/3/2016: Played SC, has better soundtrack. Still a 10/10 though.Gameplay:Edit 11/3/2016: Realised this is a review, not a tutorial. Edited the gameplay sectionI'll try to keep this quick and simple. Standard RPG stuff. Combat has regular attacks, magix (or arts) (fire, wind, earth, water (holy crap avatar), time and I think space and mirage? The latter 2 elements definetly exist, I just forgot whether they have attacks or not). You move around on a grid of some sort and you can unleash a special attack once you got enough CP (Craft Points, not Cheese Pizza. Sheesh). So that's all regarding combat. The rest is what you'd expect from an RPG: Sidequests, people to talk to, etc. The dungeons aren't the most impressive either (they tend to have a REALLY simple layout)Overall: 7/10Story and CharactersBefore I say anything else, I must say that this isn't an RPG that you should play for the story. Don't get me wrong, I really like the story, but the story, well, simply gets the job done. This is an RPG that should be played for the characters. The characters are all well written and are also a joy to read. Each character goes through some growth (some more in SC than in this game), and has some sort of value to add to the party.Overall: 9.5/10Enjoyment: 9/10The characters and story are definetly what make this game. The gameplay also works and is pretty enjoyable, but IMO, the story takes the cake by far. However, like I said previously. There's quite a bit of backtracking, but that's mainly in the sidequests. So I can't give it a perfect score. But despite all that. I can say that this game takes the cake for my favourite JRPG. Atleast until I get to play Trails 2.Overall: 8.5/10A definite recommend for people who like RPGs and love a good story. The gameplay is also pretty fun (though not the most detailed) and you can mess around with some things. However, if you don't text masses; I suggest you stay away."
76561198003226651,Recommended,251150,11525016,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,tehden,"Updating this review now that I've finished the game and there have been a bunch of fixes.The game was updated with support for XBox 360 controllers. The controller mappings are perfect and everything works seamlessly. That the dev continued to support this game after what was a totally adequate release is amazing. (Bug fixes, high resolution character portraits, higher res menus, and I'm sure other stuff I'm missing.)I've finished the game at this point, and it was 50+ hours well spent in a meaty and memorable JRPG.Good:+Great in Big Picture+Fully compatible with 360 controller+Great music+Good graphics (if you're into retro)+Save anywhere+Varied quests and side quests with interesting outcomes and unexpected twists+Exceptional dialog and character development (even on ""fillter"" NPCs)+Great, incredibly detailed story+Difficulty level is right on - there are no ultra frustrating battles, but when you die there's an...+Option to retry after wiping your party in battle (this is a HUGE plus for me)+100% chance to flee battleNot Good:-Battle system can feel pretty slow and the music is super lame and repetitive-Annoying low level enemies will interrupt your travels often (but again, 100% chance to flee)-The 3/4 view is weird and can be disorienting since the camera angle changes oftenOverall, this is an exceptional JRPG with a ton of awesome dialog and a really meaty story. I'm impressed and highly recommend to JRPG fans who don't mind a LOT of reading mixed in with gameplay. Really looking forward to the second chapter after that unexpected cliffhanger of an ending."
76561198100483887,Recommended,251150,32218983,Posted: 6 June,all,Illbean,"Just finished this game, and i have both negative and positive things to say about this game.PositiveThe story, it's amazing the way it plays out, it's easy to follow and u get attatched to the characters.There are many different that gets introduced to the player all with different personalities and traits, and there's not a single one with the same combat style as any other one (and that's with 8 different playable characters).The combat is easy to learn.There's a lot of bonus stuff that doesn't affect the game but it's still fun to play out as it adds to the experience.Every single chest says something when you ""open"" it again after already taken the items inside (some are really funny)There's a good representation of both female and male characters and very few characters have the ""supermodel look"".NegativeThere's simply too much text in the main story in many cases, while most of it is interesting to read, there's simply too much.The combat is too simple and flawed imo, AI have big advantage as the player can't move to chosen point, and then use a skill (better positioning and aiming with certain abilities) which the AI can do.The quartz that dictate the skills are very complicated to get the hang of at the start, bad UI and too much RP explanation for it.Sometimes when the characters u've had in the party leaves as part of the story, u don't get ur equipment/quartz back which means that u're sometimes locked from certain abilities + combos depending on what u've given that character.Now, there are more things that i could list aswell but then the list would be way too long.I'm someone who loves RPG games and while this game definetly has some really good sides, it also has some really bad ones that left a horrible taste in my mouth aswell, but many things boil down the the preferences of the player. I would personally like to have a map that actually does something, not just showing the world map which doesn't do anything for u. It shows u what town u're in, u can't track where u've been in the world while exploring and getting as many chests as possible.Some zones have terrible lag for me and i couldn't figure out why as my computer is rather strong i would say, and this game has pretty limted graphics, they're charming and fits the game, don't get me wrong on that, cuz i like them. But then why would it be almostly unplayable in certain zones and fields (happend every time in 2 specific zones).One thing that i also would like to bring to light is the ""retry = easier"" option that i think is one of the best ideas i've seen in a game. I personally never used it while playing on Hard. But i can see why some people would find it attractive, especially when they're just playing the game for it's story. I got stuck onthe big wolf boss that appears and locks ur path on the way to the military base i think, the the right of Zeiss. Those were a real freaking pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and i didn't think of grinding up my CP bar to 100/200,but i developed a strategy non the less and beat it.I dislike having quests being unable to be completed due to them being ""failed"" after u've gone too far in the main quest, while it makes sense story wise, it doesn't appeal to me as they've executed it rather poorly. After u've accepted the quest u can no longer see how much time u have to do it while traveling, u have to go back to the bracer guild and check the board (don't remember if u can see it there though) but it still only saysshort / medium / long, and to make things worse there's this ""detective quest""the book quest chain is so god damn boring and some parts aren't possible to complete without progressing in the storyline, and there's no indication as to when u can start doing the quest. It really sucks and i have to look up a guide on how to do the quest cuz i didn't wanna miss out on it, which i very likely would due to the horrible description and detailing of this specific quest line.My overall score of the game would be something like7,5 /10cuz i really like the world, the characters and the story, but i do dislike the combat, the magic system and some other smaller things. I'm able to work around it though as it only feels unpolished and not bad. Definetly reccomend the game to everyonewho likes RPGs with older animation style and lots of reading!"
,Recommended,251150,12546426,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Krelian,"Making its first appearance on the western market only in 2011 on the PSP, Trails in the Sky First Chapter is a game originally developed in 2004 and in many ways shows its age, from its rudimentary (yet pleasant) graphics to the slow battle animations. But these small things are nothing compared to the merits that this gem of a game shows.First of all let's start from what sets this game apart from all other JRPGs: the WRITING.This is some of the best writing I've seen in any jrpg; unlike a lot of other titles, the dialogues actually sound like things people would say in a normal conversation; while some of the dialogue might seem a bit superfluous and pedantic, every line and event shows a deeper meaning in the long run and you'll be pleasantly surprised every hour about how natural the interactions between the characters sound.Which brings me to the second biggest point of the game: the characters.The main cast of the game is exceptional: the members of the party are more or less all representative of a certain trope (the Genki Girl, the rude but tender-hearted warrior, the Spoony Bard etc.) but they all have interesting quirks about them and falling in love with all of them is pretty easy. Every character has a personality of its own and a role to play in the story. Even the NPCs (ALL OF THEM!) have their own name, personality and parallel story going on in the meantime.The game presents a level of detail hardly seen in the genre, and the lore is simply astounding. The world of the game presents a very complex socio-political situation and an interesting history spanning more than a thousand years, with so many different elements (cultural, religious, economic etc.) that give off an organic vibe usually present only in novels.The gameplay side of the game, while it's nothing overly exceptional (it's a 2004 game after all) is well made and fairly entertaining. The battle system is some kind of hybrid between Grandia and Xenosaga, you can move your characters around the battlefiled almost like in a tactical jrpg, and every other turn you can get a bonus like HP healing, critical hits and so on. The battles are pretty easy (and a bit boring) in the beginning but things get quite different after enemies become stronger and more difficult to kill and you have access to more interesting and complex spells and crafts. At the end of the game things can get quite challenging, and there's a boss battle in particular which will feel extremely satisfying to win.The ability system of the game is quite similar to the one present in Final Fantasy VII, you have these orbs called Quartz, and according to the combination of the Quartz's elements you can access different spells in battle (and also get some passive bonus like +10%HP and so on)The plot of the game is very solid: unlike most jrpgs where you have to save the entire world from catastrophe, the action is restricted to a single kingdom and there is no thousand-years old deity to slay at the end of the game; the game presents and more ""humble"" and personal story where two young adventurers set off to a journey to travel around their homeland and end up finding a lot of unexpected things along the way. Nevertheless it's quite intriguing and after a certain point in the game you'll keep playing to see how things turn out in the end.The Good:- Superb writing- Massive and interesting lore- Complex and lovable characters- Good battle system- Story packed with intrigue and mysteries (after a few hours, though)The Bad:- The pacing of the story is not always perfect, and you might yawn a few times during the first hours- Slow battle animations- So many missables. Getting everything in this game without a guide is a nightmareIn conclusion:PLAY THE GAME IF: You're into jrpgs, good writing, engaging stories, and you're not afraid to delve into something that might be a lot more complex than you thought.DON'T PLAY THE GAME IF: You don't like reading and have little patience for a plot that takes a while to evolve. Also if you hate cliffhangers.Overall, I'd give this game a 8.5/10. One of the best surprises of the recent years!"
,Recommended,251150,32050095,Posted: 29 May,all,Jerry Dandrige,"What a thoroughly wonderful jRPG this was. Charming characters, lovely art style, engaging and engrossing story, fantastic music -- this was a genuine joy and a pleasure to play and I'm kicking myself for taking so long before I finally played it. Now to move on to the two sequels \o/"
,Recommended,251150,11466320,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,General Lee Aroused,"One of my favourite games for the PSP has finally started to show life again by having the first chapter arrive on Steam after 3 years!It features the main character Estelle Bright and her adopted brother, Joshua, as they go on a journey to follow in their father's footsteps become Bracers, who are basically a request guild (or oddjobs, if that makes more sense, but in a more justicey kind of fashion) that lets you explore the world and its rich self-contained lore. The game presents its characters in a bright fashion that can't help but make you feel attached to them, especially well done with its two main characters, but its not limited to just Estelle and Joshua. As you go on about your adventure, you'll meet interesting characters (including NPCs, yes, they have personalities! Take that, Skyrim Radiant AI) from all across the land all while protecting your country and its Queen.The games boasts a big +50 hours worth of core gameplay, not including the many sidequests that are set aside for you to take on later, which are inhernt in any kind of RPG. It plays as a strategy RPG, similar to titles like Disgaea, minus the crazy numbers and level grind, but it has the unfortunate drawback of being a bit slow and takes its time before being more than just natural button inputs during battle. While there is an interesting crafting system such as the quartz (basically materia if you wanna go by Final Fantasy 7 familiarity) and weapon skill crafting, it doesn't help the in-game combat to be more exciting and only forces you to sift through more menus and text. I'm hoping the second and third chapter will add more to it to help create much more needed combat management in a S-RPG, nothing crazy like Phantom Brave, but it definitely leaves something to be desired as its main strengths are the incredibly large amount of dialogue.I'm so sorry, Xseed translators, that you had to put off second and third chapter off for so long because of the scary amount of texts.EDIT: Whoops, probably should've worded that properly to avoid any confusion. I'll just clear it right now. I AM SO HYPED FOR SECOND AND THIRD CHAPTER THANKS TO CARPE FULGAR, AHHHHHHHH. That'll fix it.If you have a love for old school type of JRPG that have memorable characters, such as Secret of Mana, Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy 4, or even Tales of series, then I'd definitely would say its worth investing in this trilogy."
,Recommended,251150,11483093,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,13xforever,"This game is pure fun, especially now that most of the crashing issues are fixed.So, the game. Mostly, it's an exploration and dialogs where the fun lies. And books. But there's a light turn-based tactical combat, although it's far more simple than any other established title in the genre (FF:T, Agarest, Disgaea, etc.).Story progression revolves around the Bracers Guild quests, with some optional sidequests picked around the town(s). To sweeten the pot, there's a magic system based on Quartz crafting (similar to materia system from FF7) and cooking.Also, it has a wonderful soundtrack.This game was quite thoroughly polished from it's original version released in 2004, with a lot of additions from the later PSP release (some features are coming down the road, after release). Sadly, it had some rocky start, but now it runs quite stable and very smoothly (it's an old game with low system requirements), but it holds very well, especially with new high-res fonts.In conclusion, if you're looking for some refreshing JRPG with very detailed world, characters and story-oriented gameplay, you MUST try it. Also, every sold copy will help to bring the rest of the series outside Japan."
,Recommended,251150,11497064,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Walter Sobchak,"Do you like JRPGs but grow tired of playing RPG Maker games with poorly written scripts?  Worry no more - this game is for you.It has everything one could want from a 32-bit style RPG.  Recipes, side quests, NPCs galore, beastiary, etc. etc.This episode alone takes 40 to 50 hours to complete and includes a New Game+ mode"
,Recommended,251150,14607497,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Lord Kane,"I played the original release of Frist Chapter back in 2006 and the Second Chapter in 2008, and now my son (4-yr-old) is playing the re-released on Steam. On a glance this is one of your staple JRPG: cute and seemingly clueless though motivated protagonists, tactical turn-based combat, heavy text-based menu and stats/mechanisms. But beneath that thin layer of disguise, you would have one of the most wonderfully made story-driven RPGs with a plot as dark as the Witcher series (dare I say) you have ever played--if you play all three entries you will reach the same conclusion.Needless to say the story goes beyond the good vs. evil scheme, but characters in this game also evolve in a believable way. They are very aware of the changing world and interact with each other in meaningful ways. Suffice to say you won't find any one-dimensional character in this game, be it a protagonist or antagonist.Also worth mentioning is the quality of English translation, which I believe has been to be marvelously done by professionals. It's almost like a re-interpretation of the source material--if you will--in Japanese. This definitely sets this game (and most likely its sequel--Second Chapter and the 3rd) apart from the likes of Final Fantasy and such.You will probably find choke full o' troupes or cliché common to comics and mangas in this game:- shadowy groups with profound motives beyond human comprehensions and far reach to every corner of the continent by all means fathomed by only the most conspiracy-minded individuals in the creative industry,;- mysterious enemy combatants ranked in number not by sheer strength but their legendary reputations;- villains turned out to be activists manipulated by a greater force each step of the way without a clue;- etc.However if you can look past this and accept that most of the deeper story-driven games are more or less like this, and it's only a matter of expertise to conceal the usage of these troupes, then you will have a wonderful time like me to explore this universe--its lore and its characters. Not to mention this is one of the few REAL steampunk themed games available on PC, or even the entire industry, consider it being a niche not generally looked into. And if you are concerned about cliffhangers since this is the only the first entry, worry not--for each ""chapter""(game) conclude its story in a satisfying way, while foreshadowing the next one and leaving room for a respite and a sense of achievement.Gameplay wise, this game sports both open-world (opened up gradually in the first 5 hours) and meaningful character customizations (able to be re-speced at any time) through assemblies of clockworks and gem-socketing (thus comply to its Steampunk theme). Enemies are varied and requires certain tactical thinking in the manners of both character positioning in the battlefield and strength/vulnerabilities of each enemy type. Character progression is also non-linear, meaning there's no hard coded class definition, so you can have detailed customization of each character's role, while everyone still has their unique specialties.Aesthetically this is one of the more pleasing JRPGs you'll ever come across. The graphics have been remade into HD and its aesthetic design definitely takes cue from both contemporary and mid-19th century old-world life, and the visual design does a great job taking care of every minute detail in 3D and the textures are excellent if you take into account of the fact that this game is made in the early 2000's.The soundtracks have been one of my favorites and it certainly sounds like it 's heavily inspired by the work of Academy award winner Joe Hisaishi.To conclude this review, I would absolutely recommend this game to all RPG enthusiasts, even if you don't usually touch JRPG. When you do, make sure you endure through the first 3 or 4 hours of this game after which point the story really starts to pick up its pace.Final verdict: first chapter of a deep and story-driven steampunk RPG trilogy, 9.5/10."
,Recommended,251150,16316636,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Biendeo,"Long story short:One of the best narratives in any RPG, coupled with engaging gameplay and aesthetic. Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky may be a bit too long and forgiving for some, but is the most perfect game to get for anyone looking into the JRPG genre.SPOILER-FREEI haven't played too many JRPGs apart from Final Fantasy VII, Fire Emblem, and a butt-load of Pokemon games, and I've also never played a game before in the Legend of Heroes series, which has been going for nearly 30 years. This game was originally released back in 2004, and only got an English release in 2011 for PSP.Before we get into mechanics, aesthetically it feels like an older game. Textures and models are a little low res, characters are 2D sprites, and may look a little strange with texture filtering, and the audio may sound more like MIDI loops at times. I also found that with 16:9 resolutions, sometimes you'd see the void past the skybox or the world in the corners of the screen. That being said, the art style itself is vibrant with expressive character portraits, and the music itself is very catchy. The regular battle music does not get old, which is always a plus. Even with some of the technical issues from being an older game, it still has a unique charm to it.The gameplay itself has you walking along areas with monsters lying about. Touching an enemy (or getting touched by it) enters the battle, similar to Earthbound, and you can approach it from its back to get an extra turn. This allows the player to avoid encounters (and in fact the game is very forgiving, as you can run away from battles, no risk, no cost). Each of the game's chapters takes place in a different region, and generally you'll be hanging around in each area for a bit, doing a few side quests presented to you (which may count for about 30% of gametime). Side quests are presented via a bulletin board, and give a time limit on how far you can continue with the story without losing the quest, which is nice for those new to the game to know about.The combat takes place on a grid-based board, where characters can move towards enemies and attack in 2D space. Characters have magic attacks which take time to charge (costing EP), and have special abilities which can be instantly casted for CP (which is earned by dealing or receiving damage). Every character has an S-craft (a limit break ability) if they reach 100 CP, which becomes extra powerful at 200 CP, and they can execute these not only on their turn, but also in between anyone's turns. On top of that, special effects like critical attacks are attached to a certain upcoming turn, and the player can use arts magic and S-breaks to try to swing those effects to their favour, adding another level of depth to the combat. Since the overall game starts a bit slowly, it gives the player plenty of time to learn these mechanics, and to understand how they fit together. When the player dies, the game is very forgiving, as you can just restart a battle from how it started. The game also enables a feature by default where restarting a battle like this lowers the skill of the opponent by a bit, making it easier to beat them. Dedicated players should turn this off, but I believe this feature works well for keeping the story flowing.Magic and equipment are mostly given to you throughout the game. There exist shops that sell these items, but money is a bit scarce in the game to do that all the time, and it ends up just being easier to find these items on the field or by doing side quests. Generally equipment is clearly better or worse than other equipment. It purely comes down to which one has the better numbers. On top of that, some later magic items are clearly better than others. Fortunately, you only get 6 magic slots per character, so deciding what kinds of magic each character uses is interesting, as they can not only give types of spells, but also passive bonuses such as extra HP or dexterity. This concept is pretty fleshed out, and gives the player a lot of room to experiment with different strategies, and trying to find playstyles for each character. Overall, the combat is very interesting, and is presented quite nicely for new players to the genre to get into. It's also not insultingly simple, so you'll feel good doing combat, and since you can run from encounters easily (apart from bosses), you'll never feel that you're just grinding through an area.But the biggest draw of this game is its story, mainly through how complete every character seems. They all have motives, they all have personalities, and quite a few of them develop. Generally, each party character is introduced in a chapter of their own, and they all have small story arcs as they try to overcome a problem that they're having. The two main characters, Estelle and Joshua Bright, are incredibly engaging to follow on their quest as they head to each region to become senior bracers. There is a clear goal from the beginning to end of the story, and it feels complete when it everything comes together in the end. Those two characters are some of the best written that I've ever seen in any video game, and I wish I was exaggerating that statement. There's a motif of growing up echoing through every scene of the game, and it's expressed heavily through these two characters.While each chapter of the game is its own mini-story, each with its own new characters, villains, and locales, there is an over-arching plot that I won't say anything about. The two main characters end up getting pulled into this plot through everything they do, and it's quite clever how everything ends up in the game. Overall, it's a little cliched, but the writing itself, as well as the strong personalities of the characters keeps it from feeling bland and rehashed.The world itself oozes personality too. NPC characters are witty and all have personalities too, and generally world events, even those that happen before the game's story, all echo through architecture and dialogue. The strongest part about all of this is that you don't need to play any other game in the franchise to learn this; it's all introduced fluently and succinctly. The most amusing part are the comments that display when you try to check an opened treasure chests. I won't spoil any, that'll be a treat for you.I'd recommend this game to anyone, particularly if you've never played a JRPG before. It's charming, it's engaging, and it's complex enough to be interesting without alienating the player. It's extremely forgiving with its quick saving and difficulty tweaks, and its story and world is so captivating that it's hard to stop playing. And it's $20, which is a steal for its length of ~40 hours.RATING: 3 UP, 0 DOWNSMy up/down rating system tries to differentiate between games that are mediocre (less ups and downs total), and games that are interesting but flawed (more ups and downs totals). Ups relate to how much good a game has, and downs are how much bad a game has.0 UPs1 UPs2 UPs3 UPsNot worth playing, skip itAlright, play it if you're into the genreVery good, play it if you're looking for something worth tryingOne to go down in history, a must have for everyone[/table]0 DOWNs1 DOWNs2 DOWNs3 DOWNsNothing detrimental in the gameA few things wrong, but doesn't ruin itKind-of broken or aggravating, you may not be able to put up with itVery, very broken, a lesson on what not to do[/table]"
76561198009191640,Recommended,251150,12547735,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Queinty,"I'm not really a reviewer, in fact I think this is probably my first one. The reason I feel compelled to write is that hopefully my voice will be heard, along with all the others, that will force XSEED and Falcom to ensure that the full saga is localised in English and released on Steam.There is still demand, even now, for a well-crafted, fun-to-play JRPG with a memorable story. This game is one of them.The story is a beauty, flawed maybe but still compelling enough involving central characters that I found I actually gave a toss for. The battle system is fun, didn't really get old - the S-Crafts (Limit Breaks, if you will) are always fun. A big plus for me is that there was very little grinding required and success was more to do with how you tactically approach battles that helped you overcome your enemies.There is plenty of sidequestery to indulge in, indeed I don't believe I collared everything and there's also a New Game Plus for a second, tougher playthrough - which I'm just about to have a go at.Essentially, whether you're a fan of JRPGs or not, wondering if they're still relevant in this age, it's still a great game."
76561198092969710,Recommended,251150,11466757,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,The Math Man,"Brought this to support XSEED and friends in their brilliant effort to localize this great series. The Kiseki series prides itself on its immersive worldbuilding and attention to small details (no NPC left out, seriously), and of course, spinning up an epic tale. Sora no Kiseki/Trails in The Sky FC (First Chapter) by itself may not be brilliant or epic in terms of story when compared to other entries in the Kiseki series, but every decent tale needs an exposition. FC is the hand (for a lack of better term in my head) that will pull players into the world of the Kiseki series. Story aside, the combat is dynamic and deviates from the usual and monotonous single button mashing. On the first playthrough, players will need to pay attention to the battles or risk having the mooks wipe the floor with them. On subsequent playthroughts at higher difficulties, mainly nightmare mode, this also applies, even if the player has acquired end game tier equipment. Those who are obsessed with optimizing their party will spend a lot of time on orbment customization. There are also many sub quests and secret sub quests that players can undertake to obtain both better equipment as well as other tidbits of info that contributes to world building. Completionists should be satisfied with the replay value this game offers. The game's OST is done by Falcom's own jdk band and there are quite a few iconic gems in the game, keep your ears opened and you won't be disappointed.All in all, FC is but a prologue for the epic tale that spans over seven other titles. If you are a first time player of the Kiseki series, give this game a shot and see if you're hooked enough to play the sequel which should be translated soon. You won't regret jumping on this train (well, maybe a little bit. You'll be waiting for a long time if you don't know either Chinese or Japanese. The scripts for each game are pretty big). For long time fans of the series who have disposable income. Please get this to show support for those gutsy enough to translate these games for the peeps who weren't fortunate enough to try out this great series all these years.On a more technical note. Game is crashing way too often. Three crashes during the prologue scene is a bit concerning."
,Recommended,251150,11522423,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,xaerock,"One of the best RPGs I've played in years. Never played any games in the Legend of Heroes series before but since the game was by Falcom I thought I had to try it. (Falcom developed Ys, Xanadu, and various other series, they very reliably make quality games)I really enjoyed the combat system, it's got a nice mix of strategy rpg features while remaining fairly simple to understand. Positioning and pushing enemies around becomes important quickly, and making up good combination attacks on the fly is fun. There are randomly placed bonuses for each turn which force you to play differently each time (criticals, etc) and adapt. One negative though is that there is no way to skip or speed up attack animations, this can get pretty annoying fighting large groups or once you've played the game a lot.After the sluggish prologue the overall pacing of the game is great and the enemies and bosses stay varied throughout the game. Sidequests feel connected to the main game and give you worthwhile rewards.I wish the difficulty selection was available from the beginning though. I'm sure normal difficulty is very easy for some RPG veterans, I found it a bit easy but still died a fair amount of times. I felt like I was only just getting the hang of combat by the final boss, so I wish I could've started on hard.I enjoyed the characters in the story, none of them felt overly generic or annoying and there's a good amount of character development and surprises. The plot twists are well done in that they all have some hints towards them, nothing really comes out of the blue so paying attention to details is rewarded. The story leaves some questions unanswered but that isn't much of a negative if you get this now since the sequel (Second Chapter) should be released by the end of this year."
,Recommended,251150,11538223,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Cure Phazon,"I've been playing JRPGs for about 20 years now, and Trails in the Sk is one of the best I've played in that time. It was wonderful back in 2011 on the PSP and it's even better now on the PC.If you want a JRPG that defies convention while retaining a classic, yet complex battle system; Trails in the Sky is for you.If you want a JRPG that holds your hand, gives you a win button and features cookie cutter characters talking about darkness and the world of hearts; Trails in the Sky may not be for you. But hey, you might want to give it a try and see what JRPGs are all about once you move past the ridiculous conventions that Square Enix has fostered over the last decade with Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts.But most of all, support Trails in the Sky to get more JRPGs on Steam. Trust me when I say that Japanese developers and publishers are watching the PC space. A lot of JRPG players have moved to PC and have wanted to see the genre make the jump for years. We're seeing a few games hit the PC, but it's nearly not enough. With Trails in the Sky, we can send a clear message to all the publishers and developers that strong story-based JRPGs have a home on the PC and that it's well worth the investment.But first, you have to invest in Trails in the Sky and it's a good investment."
,Recommended,251150,12704506,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Some Numbers,"I play games for a few reasons, but first and foremost, I play a game for its story. A game with a poor story can't be saved by amazing graphics or awesome gameplay. However, if the story is good enough, I can forgive a lot.Trails in the Sky may not have the best plot in RPG history, but it more than makes up for that with incredibly strong writing. The dialogue is amazing and each character gets several moments to shine; the main protagonist especially is incredibly fun.The combat system is really interesting; the orbment system superficially resembles FF7's materia system, but it works really differently in ways that make the game a lot more strategic. The actual fights are most similar to FFX, with some really cool wrinkles.The soundtrack is amazing, the controls are great, either with a mouse or a control pad and the graphics, while dated, still really work.This is the first half of a duology; it's already one of my favorite games and from what I've heard, the sequel is EVEN BETTER. If you like or even tolerate JRPGs, you should definitely give this game a shot. It's really really good."
,Recommended,251150,11712315,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,monochrome flower,"Disclaimer: This is my favorite JRPG in the entire universe, so please take this review in the spirit in which it has been given. Please forgive any potential fangirl squeeing.LEGEND OF HEROES: TRAILS IN THE SKY (Sora no Kiseki FC)WHERE TO BEGIN?!This is my favoritest of favorite JRPGs. Ever. Seriously. There is not a JRPG I love more than this game, though I suspect that the release of SC may change that--you know what, no. Technically SC and this game are thesamegame, Falcom just had to split them up! So it still counts! I'd be willing to even say that FC is one of my top ten games of all time, regardless of genre. Considering the other games in that list include the original Fallout, Baldur's Gate II, Chrono Trigger and several other games widely regarded as ""best game ever,"" that should tell you something.Trails in the Sky (Sora no Kiseki FC) is, on its surface, a pretty basic story with a fairly basic game attached to it. It looks unassuming and pedestrian on the surface, but that is simply because it hides, biding its time, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. And strike it does, and when it strikes, it strikes hard! Trails in the Sky is a fairly standard high fantasy story set in a world of political and military intrigue, but it is also the story of how two goofy teenagers grow up and mature into capable adventurers over the course of the game. But that doesn't even really cover much. The meat of the game is in its writing and story--and there's alotof writing. Gobs and gobs of dialog and story; even the sidequests are usually fully fleshed out rather than a simple ""go collect twenty bear asses"" that tend to plague older RPGs just as much as they do MMOs. Even unnamed filler NPCs will commonly have multiple lines of dialogue. Trails is one of the very few games where I really feel like the characters are having an actual human conversation as I play--complete with interruptions, asides muttered under their breath and a collection of emotive portraits for most named characters that really helps convey the tone very well. Obviously the conversations in this game are scripted rather than chosen by the player, but they just feel very natural and real.The story--oh, the story. It starts out very simple, a basic pair of greenhorn adventurers, Estelle and Joshua Bright, new to the Bracer Guild, a group of unionized do-gooders and monster-hunters, learning the ropes and working their way to full bracer status. Over the course of what will easily end up being a 50+ hour playthrough--even on my fourth playthrough, with prior knowledge of the game and using an achievement guide to get a maxed-out save file ready for SC, I still logged 42 hours on my file when the credits rolled--you will see the story shift from hometown heroes retrieving a stolen jewel to helping with a school festival, to busting a thieves' guild and unraveling a real-estate scam.And it only gets better from there,culminating in an epic yarn that spans political intrigue, military secrets, ancient technologies and the remnants of a lost, highly-advanced culture. With all of this going on, the story starts out very light-hearted, but slowly darkens over time, growing more and more serious, setting up for the Second Chapter's much darker overall tone.Writing teenagers is really quite hard, but Falcom and XSEED's localization staff really pulled it off fantastically. Estelle and Joshua feel genuine, like people you could really meet one day. Estelle acts goofy, makes realistic and understandable mistakes and Joshua is the archetypal bookish boy (though of course his story is more complex than that). The level of realism in how the plot handles having teenage main characters is actually really impressive. The two leads contribute a lot to solving the major cases they're assigned to by the Bracer Guild, but they'vealwaysgot backup from more experienced and powerful adults. They're told reasonable things about their limitations, and they reasonably and realistically fail.A lot. The fact that they mess up and they experience real consequences as a result is something I love about Trails. This isn't the usual ""little kid saves the world, adults are totally worthless"" sort of story that seems to happen with annoying regularity every time you've got a teenager as the protagonist.It's also, at least to me, as a ""girl gamer""--that being, a female human who plays video games, of course--a treat to play such a fantastic game with a female protagonist. Especially impressive considering how old this game actuallyis--Trails was originally released in Japan in 2004! There aren't even very many games today, in 2014, with a locked female protagonist you can't change or play as male. In 2004 they were practically unheard of. That wins a lot of points from me personally, since I don't have a lot of money for gaming and I generally choose to spend my limited funds on titles with female protagonists over those with male protagonists.Even as much as I love Trails, it's not perfect. It has some flaws, but none of them are dealbreakers by any stretch of the imagination. The PC Steam version has some weird bugs that the PSP version doesn't have. Some of these bugs are related to the fact that the PC version on Steam is the original 2004 PC version with the PSP features backported into it. Running it on Windows 7 and 8 results in weirdness and I understand a lot of XSEED's delay with getting Trails FC and SC out had to do with making the engine behave in an operating system not called Windows XP.My biggest single gripe with Trails is the combat. No, I don't dislike the combat, but I think it's a bit too simplistic on the surface--I wish they would have gone with an AP system instead of a ""single-action, single-turn"" system. I like how the turn order changes based on different things you do and your stats as well as the use of S-Breaks to ""cut in line"" to get specific turn bonuses. All of that was really great, but I do wish they gave you a pool of AP to combine things like positioning or aiming spells and abilities without having to wait 5 turns to finish up the hit. Using an AP system would have made the combat a lot more fast-paced and enjoyable. The boss fights are still very fun for the most part, even with the SAST system. It's mostly the trash mobs you face in the field, especially when you get into a fight with a big♥♥♥♥♥group of eight damage-sponge mobs. It got so annoying at points where I'd waste Joshua's field-wide S-Craft simply to get through the fight quicker without losing XP and sepith.So yeah. A lot of breathless fangirling in there, to be sure, but I'd like to think this ""review"" might actually be useful to someone interested in buying the game. My advice? BUY IT IMMEDIATELY. RIGHT NOW. THEN PLAY IT UNTIL YOU COLLAPSE FROM EXHAUSTION. Because it's that good. The Trails series has become Falcom's biggest money maker in Japan and the only way we're ever going to see more of the series than Sora no Kiseki FC and SC is if we vote with our wallets!"
76561198049947727,Recommended,251150,32165097,Posted: 3 June,all,familyplayer,"An excellent JRPG with great characters and story. The MC is probably one of my favorites of any JRPG I've ever played too. Graphics are outdated, but that doesn't deter from the game at all (and it means any old thing can run it). It lasts about 50-60 hours (all sidequests included) and ends with a pretty big cliffhanger. Even if this game isn't 100% your thing, at the least, you should try it as it is relatively cheap and probably will be on sale during the summer, if you're lucky. Hopefully you enjoy it enough to try out its sequels."
,Recommended,251150,17550203,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Bokxie,"I'll make it very clear now before I proceed: Trails in the Sky is an excellent JRPG I hold in very high regards. With that said, let's move on aye?I have played some great JRPGS, even some counted as the best this world has ever seen. Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy 6, the Tales series, Star Ocean and the Quintet trio. The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the sky... definitely has the right to stand amongst them. It's not the best JRPG I have ever played, but definitely somewhere near the top. I'd even say this is one of the best games I have played in 2015, on Steam, and definitely on the PSP. But aye, my word is no fact, so let's list a few reasons:- The story is really good, albeit predictable at times. This is even more complimented by the EXCELLENT characters. Every character gets enough development, and have some sort of relation with at least one of the characters, which makes everything fall in place. Especially the main duo, Estelle and Joshua, are great characters. You just can't wait to see how they develop throughout the game.- The gameplay is good. It doesn't really do anything bad, but not anything outstanding either. But every character feels different from each other, and this is further distinguished by the orbal system. Want your Estelle to be a healer or a tank? That's where the orbal system comes in. S-crafts and S-breaks also have the potential to change the tide of battle, and it's exciting to see these attacks pull off.- All locations, towns and dungeons feel different from each other. They are fresh, and never feel like a drag. You can even explore some of these locations before doing them in the main quest, netting some neat equipment and making the journey even easier.- Quests feel varied and never really boring either. There aren't even too many quests that involve killing a certain amount of monsters, so there's no need to worry about that.- The game can be finished in 30 hours, but why would you? The game has so much content and if you want to do everything, it can easily go up to 40 or 50 hours.There is only one negative I can think of when it comes to this game: it's a completionist/achievement nightmare. Unless you use a guide, there's bound to be something you miss, resulting in you missing more than just one achievement. I am not an achievement hunter at all, but even then it's pretty discouraging to see that you have just missed some tiny pieces. I got the feeling that I talked to everybody, and even then it wasn't enough.Overall, a really great JRPG I recommend to everybody. Can't wait for part 2 to come on to Steam!"
,Recommended,251150,20704658,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Squire Grooktook,"Trails In The Sky is a JRPG from Falcom, a cult classic developer that's been churning out diverse and well crafted role playing games in a variety of styles (from action to strategy to dungeon crawling to metroidvania) since the Nes days. Joining all these games are equally diverse and gorgeous soundtracks from the developers in-house band/sound team.Trails In The Sky's biggest twist on the jrpg formula is that it's actually well written...Falcom you madmen! How do you ever expect some crazy gimmicks like ""a good script"", ""foreshadowing"", ""plot twists"", ""humor and whimsical moments that are actually funny"", or ""character development"" to ever catch on in the anime/game biz? Obviously this is why you guys are so obscure.Oh yeah and the battle system is really fun too and both the story and gameplay are nicely paced, if you don't mind a ton of reading. But let's be honest, you're mainly playing this to see Estelle and Joshua grow and develop as characters along with their relationship.The cute, sweet, funny, slice of life bits are honestly the best part too. So I'm happy it stays that way for about 40 hours, hahaha.Go play it. Best Jrpg I've ever played. Can't wait to play the rest of the trilogy!"
76561198069468270,Recommended,251150,15100234,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Pachimari,There's a book in this game that teaches you cat dialects.Actually the greatest video game ever made.
76561197983915029,Recommended,251150,12712976,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Bottleorum,"Wow. Just, wow. Do you like generic RPGs? Cliche as hell all the way through? Do you like a bunch of quirky characters fitting your typical mold? From quiet brave boy, to tsundere girl and perverted bard? We got you covered today!Now, what if I told you you get all the typical RPG delights, and the game is actually good? Then you're in for a treat.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is fantastic if you want your JRPG goodness done right. Nothing new, nothing special, just good quality entertainment to be found. Can't recommend any more than this. Please buy it so we can get the whole trilogy in the US."
,Recommended,251150,14328236,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Cross,"What an adorable and progressive story. I think the best part about Trails in the Sky is that the people are people. They're not just archetypes. They're developed, with feelings, and personalities, and they are, with the exception of one, all very relateable. It follows a few various tropes, but in the end you really are engrossed in the life of becoming a Bracer (the guild being super helpful law enforcement officers; reminiscent of the police I encountered when studying abroad in Japan). The story doesn't revolve around you, it evolves with you. Things are happeneing in this world, and the party isn't the focus of those events. Your characters strive to rise to the challenges presented to them, and though the storyline and paths are linear, I didn't at all mind being guided through such an enchanting tale with thought-provoking characters.Light-hearted and childish, this game can be understood by preteens and teenagers, but much like any good story, it has underlying themes and issues that adults can grapple with and appreciate.From the bisexual bard whose bisexuality is not the defining characteristic of his character, to the strong, bull-headed, stubborn female protagonist, this game does a pretty good job of showing me a world I'd want to be a part of, and was glad to have experienced, if only for a little while."
,Recommended,251150,19593545,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,"New Player, Be Nice","My Impression:Words cannot even begin to describe what I feel for this game. If you have ever been in love - thats the closest it gets to describe itPositive:+ Great Story+ Living World+ Fun quests, missable (adds extra fun of finding them)+ Breathtaking story and locations that keeps you in the world for hours without letting you go - just like magic+ Loveable Characters+ Enjoyable Combat+ Great musicCons:- Don't get to battle with the same characters throughout the story. Story dictates who is in your party, no swapping.- Moving wastes your turn and is useless during combat- You could say graphics, but it's a port and an old school style JRPG, so not much of a conTLDR:The game is extremly fun and thats what matters in a game at the end of the day - having fun.I finished this game with a smile on my face and tears in my eyes, I didnt know whether to laugh or cry - the best ending ever in the videogames I played.I jsut purchased SC, and will play it after I finish typing this.I recommend to anyone (new in the JRPG genre, or a JRPG veteran) get this game and enjoy the magic journey of the Trails in the Sky. It's been awhile I played a game as good as this one and is definitely worth anyones time.10/10"
76561198064146831,Recommended,251150,32609288,Posted: 20 June,all,Dogmeat,"Your party members are:A token princess,A pervert,An alcoholic,A toddler,A FFVII ripoff,A sufferer of gigantism,And two unattended minors who develop a faux incestuous relationship.Man, I love Japanese games."
76561198301542225,Recommended,251150,30134367,Posted: 23 February,all,MMYP999,"I really should start by saying this game isn't for everyone. The plot gets off to fairly slow start, even by the standards of most JRPGs, and the pacing of the overall combat system follows a similar suit. It truly is the type of game that heavily favors story over gameplay, and thus you're going to need a lot of patience in order to get the most enjoyment out of this experience.You can try to think of combat as a mix of Final Fantasy X with its conditional turn based system and a number of SRPGs like Final Fantasy Tactics. It's a fairly simple system to adjust to, but it does have a handful of flaws (the inability to manually reposition characters when performing most actions being chief among them) that tend to make battles drag on longer than they should, especially in the later parts of the game.Considering the fact that this is merely the first game in a three part series, my first impression upon finishing it was that this was merely a heavily veiled prologue chapter for its direct sequel.But if you're willing to look past the flaws and clichés that naturally come from a game of its age (or if you're a forgiving chap like I am), you'll find a genuinely engaging story that really starts to pick up after you've sunk enough time into it. The combat, while admittedly flawed, still manages to feel as satisfying as many of the other JRPGs I've grown to love throughout the years, and the main cast of characters have presented themselves to be a nicely memorable bunch of individuals. (Olivier in particular, who may as well be Zelos Wilder in disguise.) Oh yeah, the soundtrack is a blast to listen to as well, and you're bound to run into some standout tracks by the time you reach the end of the game. *cough* Silver Will *cough*So uh, yeah. I thought this was a worthwhile game and all, and the amazingly potent cliffhanger at the end is enough to drive me to buy the sequel on its own. Feel free to check it out if you're interested."
76561197979366434,Recommended,251150,13483035,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Syrin,"Best RPG I have played since Skyrim, and if you look at the hours I've logged and the number of games in my library, you would know that's quite a statement.  Yeah it's llinear, but the story and game mechanics are awesome.   This is what the modern Final Fantasy games should be like"
,Recommended,251150,12621449,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,I'll Form The Head,"I usually judge an RPG twice.  Once at around the 2 hour mark, and once more at around 10 hours in.  If an RPG manages to get past those two milestones, then it's safe to say that I've become invested and am enjoying myself.  The story is very good, despite a few cliches here and there.  I feel like all the characters are unique, and more importantly, alive.The progression of the story is also interesting, as it plays out more like a ""coming-of-age"" story than what I'm used to from most games of the same genre.  Estelle and Joshua travel across the country, remaining the only permanent members of the party.  In each chapter, 2 characters are introduced and added to the party, and go their own ways at the end of the chapter.  It's refreshing to follow Estelle and Joshua through the story as they grow into their own respective roles."
,Recommended,251150,28470230,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Tsey'Akan,"You will enjoy this game if you like- Worldbuilding/Lore- Dialogue- StoryThis game happens in a world with a developed history. You know about 4 countries, but your entire adventure in this case is spent in 1 (other games on the franchise expand on the other countries), you travel through Liberl, getting to know all the regions, cities and people. You literally know the people in the country, because basically all NPCs have unique names, dialogues, and their own stories, advancing as you complete quests.The World is shaped by a concept known as Orbal Energy, which people developed technology. It is interesting because it powers things we use electricity, but it is different. They also explore a bit about Combustion vs Orbal Energy in game, so it's like a real world but with a different discovery that sets it apart, giving origin to many concepts of the lore.This is the first chapter (game) of the first trilogy of this world. It is spent more getting to know the inhabitants and making you care about people you are tasked of protecting, with the main part of the adventure being just that. However as you delve in the ending you will start to unravel the conspiracies and plots happening at the background. The villains are not simply evil, they all have their motives which are relatable. So the story is political and character driven."
,Recommended,251150,13799237,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cola_Colin,"So just finished playing through the game, spent my last few days with it. 50 hours of classical JRPG gameplay with quite an epic story. Definitely recommended to anyone who likes this kind of game.There were a few little bugs here and there, but nothing that hurt gameplay or fun.Considering I payed like 14€ for 50 hours of quite a lot of fun this makes many AAA games look pretty bad."
76561198061217733,Recommended,251150,12849320,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,hal0hal0mc,"I always have the most difficulty talking about a game I am completely enamored with, but The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is one of the best games I've played. I have only played a handful of JRPGs such as Valkyria Chronicles, another of my favorites (most of which, including LoH aren't traditional JRPGs) however the appeal of this game, along with the likes of Valkyria Chronicles, is the connection to the characters, supported by a terrific battle system that emphasizes strategy and preparation.What makes this game special, for me, is the dialogue and the characters. So much care and thought is put into the writing and the cadence of the dialogue, that it really reads like a comic or a manga where, even though you read the dialogue, the intonations of the characters come across to make them real people with values, strengths and weaknesses, and not simply there to move things along.LoH takes its time, as well it should.Too often, things are thrust into an ""end of the world"" scenario in video games that compels a forward momentum with the main quest, but LoH meanders. It is a tale about the journey, and not so much the final boss battle, to the point that the game is more than the sum of its mechanics. This is rare, in a video game, I think. Lesser games use the story as window-dressing for its mechanics, but things like putting on the school play, while little more than ""cutscenes"" are given weight and gravitas that it is clear, to me, that the developers consider it just as important as the battle system.The battle system, too, is a lot of fun and while I don't have much to say about it, I do like the balance it achieves in terms of giving each character its own style, while still allowing a certain degree of customization with the Orbment system.I'm reiterating myself, but the meat is in the writing, and there is always the impression that Estelle & Co. are making their own personal journies within the greater macrocosm of a mysterious political world that is shifting with tectonic unease... pieces on the board are moving, and the beauty is being able to step inside the shoes of Estelle's perspective (who is really the main character, at least of this chapter), and be lost, grappling with the pieces of the puzzle.A balancing of the microcosmic, personal concerns with the larger, political and altruistic values is something that LoH manages to achieve, to the point that the game feels... well, like a full course meal.This is food for the soul, you could say.From the technical perspective, the music is terrific and enhances the atmosphere and connection to the diegesis. I had a few CTDs when I first installed, but IIRC, there was a patch and since then I have had no problems in my 55 hrs with the game.10/10"
,Recommended,251150,22787599,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,URUSAI,"This Game. Holy Hell.So just a little background info, I'm an honest to goodness JRPG gamer. They're my favorite genre and I'm pretty critical about them. I've been through the ""Tales of"" series, Final Fantasy Games scattered about, Chrono Trigger, whatever. I found myself really wanting to sink another 40+ hours into a game, and Steam recommended Trails in the Sky to me.They recommended a fantastic game.If you want a game that you can play casually but it still motivates you to go about doing extra quests because doing those extra quests help you out in the main story line, then this is your game.If you want a game that has a very deep story and is part of a trilogy and can therefore play multiple games with characters you're going to love, then this is your game.If you want a game that's slower paced, very easy learning curve to get into and a deep customization system, then this is your game.I love this game, 9/10, would definitely recommend for people wanting to get into JRPGs, looking for a new JRPG to play, or something to just sink lots of hours into while not being in some sort of sandbox game."
76561198052706484,Recommended,251150,26595356,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,mademan2,"Oh my god, I can't believe I only got to play this game now. This has got to be one of the best rpg's I have ever played. The ending just got me and now I know that amazing things are coming in the second and third chapter. ♥♥♥♥ graphics, ♥♥♥♥ the sometimes insanely dipping framerate, this game is gold and time well spent for anyone who enjoyes well crafted worlds, intriguing and deepening storylines and loveable, realistic characters (even Agate grew on me :D) I was afraid I would not be able to go through the entire thing because I am spoiled by new age graphics and voice acting everywhere, but I am so glad I did not skip this one, just like rpg's of old, if you give it a try, it will grip you and not let go until the very end, and what an end it is, I have to fight my conciousness right now not to go to some wiki and find out how it all ends, because JESUS do I want to know.Anyways, anyone and everyone who enjoyes rpg's, get this game, you won't regret it. Sure some lines are cheesy and some decisions are stupid, but overall this is brilliant :)"
76561198100856137,Recommended,251150,13303618,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,meginb,"TL;DR: The biggest thing I have to say about the game is that it's fun, it makes me think and use my imagination and there's literally nothing on the Steam Store that is as high quality or satisfying in terms of Strategy RPGs. There's a direct sequel on its way so if you're still on the fence about buying this, wait until Second Chapter arrives to make a final decision.Here's my review of the sequel:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198100856137/recommended/251290[Story - good]: If you don't like the anime and JRPG genres you should probably stop reading because this game has many cliches and cultural habits from them and no amount of praise will be able to convince you to like it. However the world building and dailogue of First Chapter is like the calm before the storm, the disc 1 of PS1 RPGs, an incredibly large prologue. The little things dropped here and there really get you wondering about where it's all really headed but you have to be willing to give it a chance.[Characters - very good]: Speaking of cliche I can admit that there's a lot of them. Especially with the characters, you can pretty easily figure out who the bad guys are or how the good guys are going to react to situations (save for the end, I knew it was going to happen but HOW it happened was a surprise). But at the same time they grow and change which can be seen in their dialogue, your main characters are fledgling bracers afterall.[Graphics - depends]: I personally like everything about how the game looks, cinematics and all. But others may be turned off by the older 3D and anime style character models.[Music - average]: It isn't the most epic soundtrack but it at least fits each situation except maybe the normal battle music but at the same time it's a jazz tune which basically tells you to sit back, relax and enjoy the game's pace.[Difficulty - good]: For me the challenge is just right but it also depends on how much you think about how to use your assets. Depending on the fight and how you plan, the fight can be stupidly easy or frustratingly hard.[Combat - very good]: There's a reason it's turn-based and with so many ways of attacking. Part of the fun is figuring out what you can do with your spells, special attacks, equipment and positioning. Sometimes simply moving your characters to the front or back rows can make all the difference in a fight.[Length - good]: The pacing makes it seem long but by the time you hit the end you'll realize it's not and wish it kept going (which it will because First Chapter and Second Chapter were originally intended to be 1 game).[Replayability - average]: I've already played through to the last dungeon once but had to restart and I'm not bored or tired of it 50 hours into this new playthrough either. Add in the New Game+, achievements and how much of a completionist you want to be along with bonuses you'll get to carry over to the upcoming Second Chapter, there's plenty to offer by replaying it.[Bugs - average]: Some people have had more trouble with these than others but the game has been out long enough that most of the common issues have been solved by the publisher with patches already or has a guide on how to fix the problem on the steam forums. Which, by the way, gets monitored by the publisher and is regularly visited to help with issues and keep us updated on the rest of the Trails in the Sky series.My only real negative is not being able to skip battle animations and cutscenes which makes redoing parts when you realize you missed something and have to reload from an earlier save, a bit of a pain."
,Recommended,251150,23899600,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mitosis,"I played the first ~20 hours of this game and put it down for several weeks. It definitely starts slow. This game puts a tremendous amount of time and effort into world-building, and before you're invested in the world, it's difficult for it to get its hooks into you too deep.That said, when I picked it back up again, the remaining 40 hours of game went by in the next week and a half. I eventually gained an appreciation for the world and the plot picked up enough to carry me through. The combat also opened itself up enough from its relatively limited early stages to make for more satisfying battles and customization, though it never gets too complicated.The end of the game is excellent, and while it ends on a cliffhanger, it's one that you can resolve immediately by playing the sequel -- a game you'll enjoy more thanks to its direct continuation of the story and the fact that you've already ""paid"" for the extensive world- and character-building."
76561198090805958,Recommended,251150,19294180,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Prkenziel Phunkle,"This is one of the best JRPG's I have ever played story/plot wise, combat is also particulary good but mainly I play this for the story rich enviorment it offers. I would recommend this to almost anyone who enjoys a good checker board JRPG but like any other game - depends entirely on the person who plays it.Every character in the game has a special role, with each progress you make the game becomes more interesting to play, even the side/minor characters in other towns you will be visitting have always something new to say. But what got me the most of all into the game is the strong bond between the two main characters you'll be always playing (from start to end), not to mention the uncoverage of their hidden backstory throughout the progression of the game.In other words, I think this game deserves an excellent grade in my book, there is also a sequel to this game which I will be definitely playing and if you ever decide to play the first one, then I think you won't regret playing the second one either."
76561198082076558,Recommended,251150,12696400,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,doodlesnickers89,"Typically, I'm not a big fan of JRPGs, since I consider Dragon Warrior 8 and Final Fantasy X the last major JRPGs with any likable characters, cohesive plot and fun gameplay (with the exception of Fire Emblem: Awakening, and that's not really a pure JRPG). Sure, I'll sometimes play The Last Remnant or something along those lines for its gameplay, but I haven't met a JRPG since the PS2 days that nailed down my (admittedly subjective) three characteristics of an all-around good game (story, characters and gameplay).I say all this so you can understand how surprised I was by Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, especially given the old-school style of it. I think 'heartwarmingly whimsical' describes the tone of the  game best, even at its 'to be continued' conclusion. It's a shame this game doesn't have more attention, because it certainly deserves it, and I can't wait for the second chapter to come out (hopefully by the end of this year, as planned *EDIT* Guess not).As far as gameplay, what you see in the pictures up there describes it perfectly. It's an old-school turn-based system, where you can use a combination of gems to tailor each person's specific playstyle. There's also the Bracer Levels, where completing sidequests will give you BP and unlock rewards with each level, giving you a reason to do them. As mentioned by most the other reviews, the amount of dialogue in the game is staggering, with even NPC dialogue changing dependant on where you are in a quest.Which brings us to story. Now, this is a story you have to be a bit patient for. It's a very slow build, but does its best to immerse you in a world that feels like it's changing around you (helped, obviously, by the changing NPC dialogue). This is the good kind of vast storytelling, where there is a massive story going on in the background, but the focus is on the core group you're following and their small part in big events. There are plenty of cliches and tropes to be found here, but that never bothers me as long as they're used in a way that doesn't come across as cheesy, which they generally don't in this game. All told, it's an EXTREMELY slow boil, but if you're big on story-heavy games, this is for you . Honestly, the story was probably one of the (if not THE) best I've seen in a JRPG (Admittedly not the highest bar to set, especially with the biggest JRPG developer out there obsessed with sequels to a terrible game and pink-haired waifu nobody likes).As for characters, this game has a wide array of endearing characters who (with a couple exceptions) go out of their way to avoid being archtypes to fill the void between you and gameplay. The two main characters are well fleshed out, and the story itself is a very satisfying one that ends quite well. I like that they actually managed to write teenage characters without them being so grating that I wanted to stick a pair of scissors in both ears. It's no Mass Effect, Walking Dead or TLOU in the character department, but Legend of Heroes certainly had enough good characters that I found my time with them honestly enjoyable.So do yourself a favor. If you don't mind slower JRPGs, pick this up.*Edited for typos and to add a bit more substance to it"
,Recommended,251150,15045707,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tolain,"I rate this anime game 4/5 Gokus, because it has some of the best characters and storytelling I've seen in any recent jrpg. It reminds me of the kind of tone that classics like Grandia and Lunar had. The attention to detail is insane, and every npc villager in every town has something new to say after almost every event. I was really impressed by how much small talk dialogue they added.It loses a Goku because the battle system is a ton of wasted potential. It gives you movement and attack ranges, and could easily have had more combat depth because of positioning, but in practice that doesn't happen because using a move takes your entire turn. This ends up encouraging you to simply attack at all times, since moving is baked in, and leads to no control over position unless you chose to spend multiple turns micromanaging (and if the enemy moves you have to do that again). This of course results in the usual jrpg menu-battling slapfights that I have a severe aversion to.The combat is sadly very jrpg, requiring little player agency aside from the rare interupt to disrupt casts. Most fights can simply be completely avoided, but doing this led to me being a dozen or so levels lower than what I needed to be at the end of the game and unable to pass the levelcheck at the final boss until I pointlessly ground out bear asses to make my numbers good enough to do damage to his numbers.The game ends as part 1 of 3, and there's a pretty huge cliffhanger. So waiting for the second chapter (which supposedly ends the main story of the two protagonists) might not be a bad idea if you're worried about Falcom's typical glacial pace."
,Recommended,251150,13754260,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Euthe,"After 52 hours spent playing blind and finishing up my first playthough, I cannot express in words how much I enjoyed the experience playing through The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky. The story was amazing, full of emotion; very well written. The music was exceptional and fit perfectly in each scene. The gameplay was engaging and fun and the various mechanics set in place just further enhanced the experience. Heres to hoping the second chapter for this game gets put on Steam soon. I fully recommend this game to anyone looking for a long and wonderful adventure in the land of Liberl."
,Recommended,251150,11474613,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Kyosai7,"I just started, but this is a very nice RPG. The plot's interesting, the combat's a fun, smaller-scale SRPG, with very interesting mechanics. None of the characters are especially annoying, and the graphics are nice and crisp. If I didn't know beforehand, I'd think this was a splended indie jRPG, as opposed to the reality of this being an enhanced PSP port. It's very wordy, so I hope you like reading. The game features a New Game + for even more hour sinking fun, and is the first in a 5-game series, all with one giant plot. The 2nd game is coming later this year/early next year, and more will be brought over if these sell well. I'm really enjoying the game and happily recommend it to any jRPG fan."
,Recommended,251150,12616216,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ERROR AM I,"This Game made me remember why I like JRPGs. It's got it all action, plot, Charecter developement, a compelling batle system, secrets, it's got it all. I can't wait for the Secound Chapter to release and would preorder if  it were available. Heck I'll throw down $120 bucks to preorder Second and Third chapters right now If I could. Take my money NOW! *throws wad of cash*"
76561198075494699,Recommended,251150,12431403,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,shygelli,"This game is just simply amazing. If you enjoy long and adventurous RPGs, not to mention JRPGs, then you've come to the right place!The plot itself is excellent. It reflects the struggles people can experience, the pain of losing what you consider dear, and the heartwarming friendship of those around you. Estelle Bright, the main female protagonist, discovers herself stumbling upon a path to a long and winding journey with the main male protagonist, Joshua Bright. She doesn't know what to expect, but she prepares herself both mentally and physically for the challenges up ahead. Sounds a bit cliched, perhaps? But if the journey begins with an odd pair consisting of a whiny, child-like teenage girl and a smart, awkward teenage boy, who both have an unbelievable amount of potential, you start wanting to follow along to see how their future turns out.In addition to the main plot, which was fantastically written, there is a multitude of sidequests that each have their own unique effect on the gameplay. You don't just quickly rush through the events and understand the story. You take your time with each event, paying close attention to every detail, and not only understanding the story, but feeling it and living within it. And you are able to do all of this because characters of The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is capable of pulling you into their own world.The connections and relationships between characters are rather interesting, and you easily feel the need to know how these connections develop over time. Each character has their own wonderful background, full of mysteries that are yet to be uncovered and investigated. There is so much to learn about them and there is so much left unsaid. Their personalities are quite the attention grabber as well!And while wandering around and exploring to your heart's content is enjoyable, the battles are also extremely exhilarating and always keep you on edge. There is never a time when you can sit back and relax during a battle. This is because it is not always easy to defeat the monsters or the opponents, and this is a good thing. Why? If something was easy-peasy, it would be expected to get boring after a period of time. These battles are battles that you must endure and help your main characters fight through successfully. They provide some difficulty, and though it can be frustrating at some points, it really does keep you going back for more.To top off this tall stack of excitement, the soundtrack, artwork, and design are simply impeccable. The music accompanies the beautiful scenery of the game. I always found myself being awed by it all; it never failed to amaze me.All in all, this is a fantastic game. I certainly do not regret purchasing it at all, and I always find myself being tempted to replay it over again. So, is this something you should buy? Definitely! You have my vote!"
76561198013723081,Recommended,251150,25504234,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"Wow..this game is awesome. If you ever wanted to play JRPG's on pc, this is great example of one game. The storyline, the character interaction, and music all fit into this game like a great recipe for making a cake. Put together, this game is AAA quality. Not many people like JRPG, but i really enjoy them usually. IF your a fan of the final fantasy games on steam, this one is a definite candidate to get after you play the FF games of course.Recommended for very fun game, great storylines, nice music, fun battles, and many many hours playing this game..NOTE: The second part of this game is also avaiable on steam, but im waiting for it to to go on sale."
76561198000402623,Recommended,251150,19276483,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zombiecat,"The Legend of Heores: Trails in the Sky (RPG)Story 9/10Characters 10/10Gameplay 8/10World 10/10Sound 9/10Graphics 7/10Verdict: One of the finest RPGs I've playedTLDR: Sometimes this game goes for $10. Buy it. If it's sitting in dust in your library, play it.You see, I passed this up years ago, dissing the generic title and what appeared to be a run-of-the-mill RPG. Boy was I wrong. This game is right up there with some of the finest RPGs to come out of Japan. The older Final Fantasies, Suikoden, Breath of Fire, Dragon Quest, Lunar... it's on par with all of them.Characters feel real, with a real sense of purpose and more three-dimensional than many of the dismal RPGs I've played lately. Even generic NPCs in this game is given real care and attention, you'll see them grow, their lives changing as you play through the 40~50 hours quest. Think Working Designs kind of quality. The story in this game doesn't break any new ground. but the writing and execution is top-notch.The game's graphics, although deceptively simple, are very detailed, charming and expressive. Music is extemely good, coming from Nihon Falcom, the same company that made Ys. Combat plays out like a tactics game, where your characters move freely about a grid-based map and executing a variety of attacks encompassing different ranges. The game's pacing is superb, although let down a bit by the final dungeon, which I found monotonous and dragged out.It's kind of hard to describe how I felt when playing this game, but its the same feeling I always feel when playing a genuinely good RPG. You get invested in the characters and the world around them, and you'd keep on playing just to find out what happens to them next. I'll be hungering for more Legend of Heroes games in the future."
76561198053733610,Recommended,251150,11490101,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Halibutt,"Third time buying this game, and it's still worth it. X-Seed's localization of this amazing classic is a blessing to J-RPG fans far and wide. While there is an extensive amount of reading, it never comes off as scripted and uninteresting. Each character has a unique personality, lending to the believability of their struggle as the story ominously unfolds. Anything else I could say about this masterwork of a game has been said to death--if you're a fan of J-RPGs, you'll definitely get your fill out of this one.Brace yourself for adventure! Help show X-Seed that the J-RPG community is still alive and kicking by buying/gifting this digital diamond! Support the possibility of a steam-release for Trails in the Sky: Second Chapter! You won't regret it.Unless you hate puppies. :("
76561198065979638,Recommended,251150,11475588,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,verstehen,"This review is mainly based on the PSP port of the game and will be updated with a more comprehensive comparison after I get farther into the Steam version.Trails in the Sky is about a 30-35 hour JRPG that involves action, comedy, mystery, minor puzzle solving and quizzes, tactical combat, and a well-developed cast of characters. The deep story is fairly linear and a player has to be well-prepared for characters to move in and out of their party (don't get too attached to any one character as your main healer, for example, because after that chapter's over they may be gone). This movement can make for interesting gameplay as the player has to make tactical decisions about how to spread out and use their ""orbments,"" which are the game's mechanic that give magic and special abilities to characters, especially as certain characters are better suited to certain types of orbments (e.g., Joshua's first orbment slot requires something time-based).The characters themselves are all really charming in their own ways and will swiftly grow on you, even the ones that you don't recruit within your party. I'm especially fond of the four main female characters you encounter (Estelle, Kloe, Scherazard, and Tita), whom are all different and fun. Even better, the game frequently passes the Bechdel test and we get to see the four women interacting. None of them becomes the ""token girl"" you see in so many RPGs.While I haven't played the other two games in the trilogy (as they haven't been brought over yet!), I'm eager to see what happens next. I haven't found anything on XSEED's website that says either way (though Wikipedia tells me ""by the end of 2014"") but I'm hoping the PC release will mean we'll get the next two games somewhere down the line either in this format or for the PS Vita.UPDATE: Now that I've finished the game on PC, a few quick notes. After about the fourth day after release, I didn't notice any real bugs that affect gameplay, so the quick patching XSEED did seems to have worked. Further, it was really nice to turn the HD text back on as the other version gave me a headache to read. I definitely like the enhanced control systems -- you can choose to play with just a keyboard, just a mouse, mouse + keyboard, or even use a gamepad (such as an Xbox controller, which is what I generally use for PC gaming). The range of control systems meant that I could switch back and forth fairly easily if I needed to (e.g., I'd switch from a controller to the keyboard to give my hands a rest from clutching). There didn't seem to be anything major that changed in terms of the story line at all but I definitely appreciated the graphics more playing on PC vs. the PSP/Vita. I'm fairly nearsighted (if I don't have my glasses on I can't see more than about 10 inches away from my face) so playing on a tiny screen like the Vita can be a little frustrating. So it was nice to see the graphics blown up, especially since I didn't really notice any lost quality."
,Recommended,251150,15244760,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mr. Manual,"Female heroine FTW....Now that that's out of the way, this game is definitely not for non-RPG fans, unless you like text. A lot of text. The story has decent pacing, and I like how every chapter ends on a really strong note. It makes you feel like Estelle and Joshua more than earned their recommendations. The characters however, other than Joshua and Estelle, can be rather forgetful, even if they are somewhat charming. There's just nothing special about them. They fill their tropes and fill them well. Except Schera: she's one of the standouts. As for Joshua and Estelle, they're much better characters. They should be; the entire adventure is about them. The music is good, but not great for the most part.  (There are exceptions obviously.) Graphics are clearly not the main focus of the game, but what it does, it does well enough.Bottom line: The game is pretty good for RPG fans. However, if you don't have time and/or patience, the phenomenal ending may not be worth it. If you DO have time and/or patience, I still would recommend this game."
76561198063392142,Recommended,251150,12490717,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Raki124,"Very interesting RPG. It seems like a real WRITER actually spent time on this. The interactions between the characters are really interesting and fun to watch. On the other side, the combat system seemed a bit simple at first, but don't let it fool you, as you unlock more items and quartz (a bit like materia from FF7) your options quickly increase. So it's an interesting game even on that front.I've only completed the prologue, but so far this game was much better than I expected. If you want an RPG with an actual story and characters, but don't want to read a book, buy this. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,251150,24205757,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ASK ME IF IM GAY,"If you want an immersive world where even the most irrelevant NPC's have something to say about what's going on after every little thing you do, then this is the game for you.The story is great, it really pulls you in, and the characters are lovable. There's mysteries and plot-twists and drama and everything you could want in a good story. I guarantee if you make it to the end and finish this game, you will purchase the sequel within minutes once the credits start rolling.This game is also great for completionists. There's tons of things you can miss if you aren't paying attention. Quests, treasures, etc.Do not buy this game if you can't handle large amounts of voiceless dialogue. The combat is NOT the selling point of this game, though that doesn't mean the combat is not enjoyable. I enjoyed the combat. But the story is the main selling point of this game.I give this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,251150,11815425,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,ImALittleBear,"If you want a company that cares about you and the gamers then you have bought the right game. Ever since its release there has been gamers that have been doubt by the numerous bugs that have plagued the game since its release. I've observed the forums and I am satisfied that XSEED Games are comitted to making sure that these bugs get fixed in a timely manner. When waking up every morning and starting Steam there had been practically an update almost everyday , sometimes a couple of a day , but thats a good thing. Take a look at some of the other companies trying to bring us updates. I don't see that happening. This company sets an example for customer service when it comes to the release of oversea Japanese games and I am looking forward to the other games when they get released on Steam ( Already heard about Corpse Party)"
,Recommended,251150,11466558,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,FireBomberSeven,"The best JRPG on the PSP finally gets an English PC release. Trails in the sky is extremely long, immersive, and oozing with charm. One of Falcom's best games. Play it, love it, get side-tracked by tons of sidequests, look forward to the sequel, and with a little luck maybe we'll get more English Legend of Heroes games on PC."
76561197986995963,Recommended,251150,12765152,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,jgkitarel,"For those who want some nostalgia factor, Trails in the Sky is a winner. While the game only represents the first chapter of what had turned into one of Nihon Falcom's most ambitious projects at the time, the game itself is solid.The storyline is very well written and the dialogue feels far more natural between the characters than your standard JRPG fare. Unlike the standard JRPG cliché of a bunch of kids saving the world while the adults are useless, it becomes clear that they are in over their heads and are simply treading water. Also, the adults in the game are far from useless, as it becomes clear that while Estelle and Joshua, out heroes, have been busy, several of the adults in the game are busy in the background, or actually fighting.Each of the characters has their own personality quirks and their dialogue is much more natural seeming than is typical in most JRPGs. The NPCs are even more interesting in some respects, mostly because each NPC, regardless of their importance to the plot, have names and quirky personalities at times. This level of detail gives the storyline much more depth than you would expect and the amount of dialogue is MASSIVE. (no wonder the release was delayed by several months).The combat system forces you to think more tactically, learning the weaknesses of your enemies and exploiting them, using your character's strengths wisely and covering their weaknesses. Also, the magic system, while not as intuitive as some, is very customizable and gives you a large number of options, as well as using character specific skills.It is repetitive at times, to the point where you will find yourself avoiding combat to get past the monotony due to eventually being too overpowered. At other times, it is extremely frustrating (one boss has an achievement for beating just because he is that difficult and the plot continues regardless of whether you win or not) due to how turn orders work.As to sidequests, this game massively averts JRPG convention by having a large number of them. All of them are event linked, some are hidden and you have to find, and all of them have time durations on them. Short time quests must be completed before the next plot event, medium duration ones can last for a good while and long duration ones must be completed before the end of the chapter. These quests are responsible for about a third of the time you will spend on the game, if not longer and it is very easy to miss some (have fun finding them 100% completionists).Now, if you will excuse me, I am going to go back to it and do a replay in New Game +"
,Recommended,251150,23658797,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Jimmyv,"This game is packed with story and character development along with some solid gameplay. If you don't care about story, this is not the game for you, there will be LOTS of reading. However if you are like me and enjoy a good story and some strong character development you will really enjoy this game."
76561198100851076,Recommended,251150,29048516,Posted: 5 January,all,ronwidjaja,"First game completed in 2017. The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is now officially entering my list of JRPG games with great stories in it. (Other memorable titles for me are Suikoden 1&2, Fantasy Life, FF7, FE:Awakening and now this).This game is an old PSP game from 2004 that was ported to Steam (PC) in 2014 and I bought it when it was on 2016 Steam Summer Sale. The graphic is surely outdated and limited (what you expect from an old PSP graphic?) but I'm okay with that since I'm that gamer who played the game for the stories.This holiday (especially this January), I decided to cancel my trip to South Island first in order to save some money since this month, I have to cover more for my rent and groceries expense. Going out in Auckland and trips outside Auckland is surely costly so therefore I came to ""cheaper"" entertainment, video games. ($10 for 70 hours entertainment is cheap!)I started played this game like a week ago and ever since been captivated with the story, witty dialog and characters development. Knowing this game comes from Falcom, a Japanese Game company that was known as one of the granddaddy of JRPG, it's about expected that they deliver many interesting stories in their game titles.The dialog is quite entertaining and full of charm, there are many funny moments that I enjoyed. However what I found is most interesting about the game is that all the NPCs in the cities actually have their own story (if you wish to keep check up on them from time to time) so there are many different interesting stories that can be found inside the game.Even though it can be said, since I've been playing JRPG for many years so I kinda have figured out some cliches and can guessed a couple things of right before it gets revealed (provided enough foreshadowing in the story). Still, the story did a great job to not reveal everything too soon, and it manage to keep mystery (and some of it) until the end.I really enjoyed game like this since it again reminded me why I'm falling in love with the video game industry in the first place. I played many games like this in my younger days so it kinda gave me some nostalgic moments, recollecting memories from Junior & Senior High.For me, the story is quite an important pillar of an RPG games since the story is what made it memorable. You might be forget some of the dungeons, magic names, etc but usually stories and music are 2 things that RPG gamers often still recalled after so many years.So there you go! If you are a big fan of JRPG that doesn't mind the graphic and much more focused in a great storyline then I do really recommend this title! Enjoy! #finallycompleted"
76561198029896544,Recommended,251150,11543476,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,DekarTheDragoon,"Played numerous times on PSP, one of my favorite JRPGs ever. This release is even better. It starts pretty slow, so don't expect to be starting a quest to save the world anytime soon. It's just building the world/characters and it's worth it. Probably the most fleshed out and alive world in... all of video games? Maybe.Plus if we want JRPGs on Steam, need to buy JRPGs on Steam. Give and take yo. BRING ON THE SEQUELS"
,Recommended,251150,28483641,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kaha777,"Completed the game quite a while ago, and decided to review this VERY UNDERRATED JRPG.Do note that this is Part 1 of the trilogy.This game is best for those looking for:1. Great story2. Excellent world-building3. Brilliant musicAs part 1, this game introduces you to Liberl Kingdom, and expect even better things from its 2nd partWarning: This game may be too dialogue-intensive for some people unfamiliar with the JRPG genre"
76561198068747562,Recommended,251150,32743196,Posted: 24 June,all,Ickle,My favorite game series of all time!
,Recommended,251150,11551583,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Garr,"Fantastic game, simply put. If you love JRPGs with a ton of charm then you'll love Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky. I can't emphasize enough how nostalgic this game is in terms of returning to the golden era of JRPGs (90's). The feel is very reminiscent of classics such as Xenogears or Breath Of Fire III, very endearing and colourful. The characters are endearing and articulate, the storyline humourous but also interesting and exuberant. The gameplay is simple, yet distinctively engaging.Pros:- Very nostalgic of yesteryear classic JRPGs (A positive in my mind)- Cutesy chibi-esque graphical composition- Engaging storyline, and narrative with dynamic character development- Competent combat system with an intuitive system- Captivating and charming soundtrack- A lot of content for your money (50 hours +)Cons:- It's still quite buggy (at the time of writing this review)- Olivier is just as annoying as he is portrayed to be (lol)"
,Recommended,251150,11598027,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,NonToxic,"I write this review while starting up a New Game+ playthrough, having spent about 45 hours on the first run from start to finish. Considering the game only costs $20 (and I picked it up when it was $4 off), the Value meter should already be pointing in the positive direction, but add to that my inability to catch all the sidequests in time and coffee-fuelled speed reading and it seems a real completionist could spend much longer with this title.Trails in the Sky is a JRPG about a pair of kids on an adventure. This adventure starts off simple and quickly compounds into a real international mess, which is both one of the greatest strengths and greatest weaknesses of the game. If you don't like reading, you are in the wrong part of video game land. The characters are a huge focus of the game, and the way they are developed here is outstanding. But – that means text, and lots of it. I can sit down with a knife and a fork and chew my way through even the thickest of stories, and with Trails in the Sky, the quality of that story was a real motivator. At the outset, I thought the main character was incredibly annoying. 'Oh boy,' I thought, 'another 30 hour game where I want to punch the MC every time it opens its mouth'. Yet by the end, I could not have been more wrong.The pair of kids grows up a lot on their adventure, it is an adorably awkward teenage maturation process that the player gets to be involved in. While one main character starts off solidly in the Oblivious category, as the player solves mysteries throughout the game, choices in the text and optional  objectives make you feel like you can push them in the right direction. Sure enough, by the time the plot is done twisting (geez, like a flag in the wind), both characters have matured, and you empathize with their struggles. Then the plot twists AGAIN and a sequel emerges from the darkest shadows. If nothing else motivates the player to buy the sequel, it will be out of a desperate need to see closure for the main characters in light of fresh plot developments.In battle, Trails in the Sky is less twisted. Along the side of the screen scroll icons for the player, their party, and whatever enemies may be. Additionally, an assortment of bonuses pop up at the bottom and eventually align with the icons. These bonuses, such as critical hit, will occur on the turn of the player (or enemy!) whose icon matches up with it at the top of the screen. This is easier to understand in action than it is to explain in text, and it spices up the battles with a bit of good old RNG, as players (and enemies!) can impact the order in which they take their turns. Each character can equip magical quartz into a limited number of slots, granting them both passive abilities and new spells to cast. If anyone remembers Golden Sun, it is similar to the djinni system.Load up on Water quartz, and that character gets an assortment of heals, ice nukes, that type of thing. Customization is artificially limited by the gear certain characters wear (ie. A certain number of slots on a character with a predisposition towards Earth must have Earth quartz in them), but it serves to perhaps direct newbies into forming some party roles rather than cramping the style of a player who wants to experiment. I made it through the whole game with a useless Estelle because of the low-damage quartz options I had chosen for her, but in the final battle, she was one of the only characters who could survive to revive the others. Though not all setups are equal, no one should worry about having a 'bad' set of quartz – if you're willing to try, pretty much everything works!To conclude, I do recommend this game to anyone who likes reading. For every plot point and story advancement, the people in town will tell you new stuff. If you like talking to townsfolk, running sidequests, and playing part-time detective, you will enjoy Trails in the Sky. The battles are fun (and a good few of them offer a real challenge), the story is engaging, and to put it simply, the sequel cannot arrive soon enough.And remember: if you're gonna puke, do it offstage."
,Recommended,251150,24281048,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MAH BOI,"I'm no good at writing reviews so I'll just leave a recommend for this game to, hopefully, help the developers.This game was a true joy to play and I'm already eager to play the next one in the series. The game is very dialog heavy, as several other people have mentioned, so you should be prepared for that. When people say it's about 50/50 dialog/combat, they are not kidding. There are sections where you read dialog for a good 10-20 mins. You could skip the dialog of course, but the story (in my opinion) is the strong side of this game.All in all, huge recommend from me."
,Recommended,251150,23911502,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HoneydewGlorious,"Firstly: HNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWith that abridged ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic moan, I will begin by saying that this is a game series everybody needs to play. With tears in my eyes, I say that if you call yourself a writer, an rpg fanatic, an artist, a cartoonist or an aspiring game designer, play this game. I say that this is a perfect game. I couldn't possibly go into enough detail to portray exactly how perfect this game is, or how many hours straight I've played this game, the weekends claimed by just this game. The Art? Fanatasic. The Music? Virtuosic. The (Story)Plot? Detailed. The Charcters? Ho, man. Perfect are they. And then there's the love. The effort that went into the creation of this masterpiece. The minutia.Play it. That's all I have to say. Play it, and bask in the face of the perfect JRPG.UPDATE:Having finished it on hard mode, I feel the need to reemphasize just how amazing an experience this was. I simply cannot reccomend this game enough. This game is so good, I have purchased it four times, with coming in the future to spread the word on this labour of love. I must now start the second game, or rather begin installing.Again, I beseech you reader, browser of the Steam Store's Catalogue: do not do yourself the disservice of overlooking this masterpiece of an epic journey."
,Recommended,251150,29813392,Posted: 9 February,all,Coreus Symphonia,"If you liked any of Falcom's earlier games and JRPGs in general, you will kind of know what you're getting here. The game features a solid and fun story that progresses very slowly for the first say 5-10 hours. Combat is turned based in a Final Fantasy Tactics kind of way and skills and spells are aquired by placing so called Quarts into Orbment slots. These have alot of customization allowing for you to experiment outside the regular tropes of JRPGs. Each enemy usually has a weakness against a certain element which is shown when you select them in combat.Trails in the Sky has tons of content and quirky dialogue, and some of it is hidden, like time sensitive quests, and are easy to miss (hence gone forever in your playthrough). Also, this wouldn't be a Falcom game without a fantastic soundtrack, but this one change the traditional tunes for some jazzy ones, which took some time getting used to.The game is pretty long and offers a story that gets much better the more you play. Don't let the early hours of the game fool you, there is more aloof than you probably see coming.Rating: 8.5/10 - Play it"
76561198097817213,Recommended,251150,12405948,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Aris,"10/10 without a single thought. Amazing game with an easy 40+ hour story line and 50+ if you do all the side quests which in some cases have tiny stories that might carry over into the sequel. Old school turn based battle system that is similar to FFX in some ways. The music is also top notch but that shouldn't be a surprise as it IS a Nihon Falcom game.And finally the characters..., they pretty much make this game. Their interactions between each other and how they change throughout just make it and awesome and sometimes hilarious experience."
76561198053488686,Recommended,251150,33330563,Posted: 6 July,all,tmn-27,"What a game. It was truly breathtaking.If you're looking for something rich in story, gameplay, characters (even non-story related NPCs!), music, a perfect mix of humour and heaviness, and all around brilliance, then this is the game for you. It really is a gem - a classic.Honestly I've played many games on all platforms, and thus far only one has made me replay it several times over, ending and all. This game? This game will be the second ever that I'll do something like that.Look I could sit here and type out long, whimsical words about this game, especially since I just finished it a few minutes ago and the adrenaline and beauty of it all is still fresh in my mind, but instead, I'm just going to say this:Buy this game--and play the heck out of it.Search every corner, speak to every character, several times over. Play this game to the fullest. It's worth it and it's just-- perfection. This is the kind of game I want to play whenever I sit down to play one-- it's worth every second and its memorable. What a ride. What a game.That's my little bit on Trails in the Sky FC (first game, which is this one, yes). If you're reading this, I hope you'll play it. If you don't, then just know you're missing out but have a great life. Seriously though, play this. You won't regret it.I kind of wish I could go into it blind all over again, it was just that good. Anyway, thank you to the team who created this! Developers, writers, artists, animators, all of that industry, localisers, voice actors, everyone! It's a fantastic piece and it'll always be in my heart."
76561198001444598,Recommended,251150,12573527,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Queliriss,"Easily one of the most fun RPG I've played in a while, mostly because you can build any characters how you want, want the dual sword wielding guy to be a healer? well do it then, or even a big guy that punches stuff left and right to spam magic spells, it's up to you.The side quest are very fun to do because some of them make you fight boss monsters that you cannot fight without doing it and they all have their own dialogue scene that are identical to the ones from the main storyI'd give it probably a 9.5/10 mostly because it's easy to figure out what makes you overpowered and the game starts very slowly, other than that, there's not much about the game I could really complain aboutI'd wait for second chapter to come out before buying it though because this game ends on a HUGE cliff hanger."
76561198014351776,Recommended,251150,12546715,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Felathal,"An all around great JRPG that I would say is close to best I have played. The story is engaging and the combat, while not revolutionary, is interesting going forward with the customization of the orbment system while never becoming tedious. Would highly recommend to anyone who is a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,251150,25705993,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Bryy Miller,"This is a fairly old school long-format RPG. Interesting characters, a quaint battle system, and generally familiar-yet-new feelings all around. The humor is great, and the character art is stellar."
,Recommended,251150,11469485,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Spider3,"<3 JRPGs <3, just feed us steam gamers with more and more title!This game is interesting so far, nice humor, interesting battle system.Only complain is about my eyes bleeding when reading the dialogues or menu..to be a PSP port is ok for the rest of GFX, but the fonts should be more clear."
,Recommended,251150,11467274,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,MrAptronym,"I just started on the PC release, but I've beaten the game previously and I have to say it is one of my favorites. The story is 'traditional' lets say for the most part, but the characters really sell it. It never takes itself too seriously, but avoids getting goofy. The characters are great and there is a ton of dialogue. The world has a surprising amount to see and do. Combat is fun and interesting.If you like JRPGs, you will surely love Trails in the Sky. Great to support Falcom and their PC releases too."
,Recommended,251150,11510156,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,D-Troxx,"a nice and enjoyable RPG.i like it alot until now.nice and easy gameplay, and a enjoyable story.and i havent got any crashes as some people say.so its all positive to me"
76561198001484901,Recommended,251150,20366930,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Alexanor,"This game... wow.  Absolutely amazing!  It's been a long time since I've played a solid JRPG that has moved me so emotionally.  It DOES start off slow, and I will admit that, at times, the Bracer missions are sometimes bland, but the combat is solid, the orbment system works great, and most of all, characters have DEPTH.  They start off pretty derpy and stereotypical, but they DO evolve heavily and you really, really get pulled into the individuality of each character -- something that most new games lack.  Also, the translation is FLAWLESS.I have played through this game twice now, the first time being on the PSP.  The PC port is outstanding (I am pretty sure the game was actually designed for PC originally anyway).  Do yourself a favor and GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,251150,11480702,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,bVork,"This is one of the best JRPGs you can play on PC.Simply put, Trails in the Sky gets just about everything right. The characters are well-written and likeable, the battle system is fast but has a decent amount of tactical depth, and the graphics get the job done. It is never a chore to play. There's never some element of it that feels unnecessary or excessive, unlike many JRPGs of the past several years. I must also commend the excellent mouse control - while you can play it with a gamepad, movement and menu navigation via the mouse is so simple and easy that there's just no reason to do so.What truly elevates Trails, though, is the attention to detail. The characters may seem like archetypes at first (the tomboy, the angsty young man with the hidden past, the wannabe-Casanova, etc), the dialogue (and there is a LOT of dialogue) makes them all feel very human and more difficult to categorize so simply. NPCs have new dialogue after every cutscene, letting you follow their little stories if you choose to do so. There's a lot of worldbuilding, too: the setting doesn't feel like it exists solely to show off impressive vistas and impossible places, but feels grounded in a very internally consistent way. While not a lot of it is forced upon you, there's a wealth of detail makes it feel far less like a playground for adventure and more like a living, breathing world.It isn't all roses, though. While the worst of the issues that plagued the launch appear to have been solved and I haven't seen any crashes recently, there are still reports of crashing on area transitions, videos not playing correctly, and black boxes around objects. Be sure you know what you're getting into and prepare for the possibility of having to work to get a stable and playable game. It's worth it, though."
76561198055075965,Recommended,251150,24381813,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Chaotic Neutral 40,"One of the best games I've played in a while, and easily one of my favorite RPGs...and thats after one playthrough, 50 hours long.  Definitely getting the next chapter of this series.The only caveat I would give anybody is that you need to put in the time to get the full effect from this game.  Because the game delivers a long story with some extremely detailed characters, you have to immerse yourself into the game to enjoy it thoroughly.  Once you do though, it is so rewarding.  I could go on and on about the characters especially, but to save space I'll just say they feel like actual humans with complex stories and feelings, making them very easy to relate to.  Of course, the interactions and comic relief are abundant too, and quite effective (I lost it ater ""Princess Joshua"").The gameplay elements also deliver, as there are some really interesting features including basically shaping your characters' abilities through sepith, quartz, and Arts (magic, if you will).  Between that and the turn order and battle grid, there is quite a bit of strategy and preparation involved, so while the game isnt overly difficult, you can put yourself in a pretty big hole if you give the game the chance, or give yourself an advantage.  You also can craft healing items, but I think I only ever used 3-4 of the couple dozen items available, so its more filler than anything.  If you're a completionist like me, you won't need to do much grinding since you'll be fighting a lot of monsters on these quests, but it can get tedious to fight off so many of the same monsters in the same place again and again, but the ability to ""bump"" into enemies you want to fight and the 100% escape rate make it manageable.Without question, this game is absolutely worth the price tag.  If you enjoy RPGs and storytelling, this game is perfect for you."
76561197960485694,Recommended,251150,12354155,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,best nick EVER seen,"If you like (J)RPGs, you should give this game a closer look.The main driving points for my recommendation are the story and the characters, but I'll avoid spoilers. If you want to know the actual story of the game, you won't find it here, read a synopsis ; )The story is literally a journey, that develops ""organically"" - if that makes any sense. It starts out small and the stakes and impact of your actions on the world gradually get bigger. The natural progression is kind of refreshing for me, since often RPGs throw your characters into situations (""You found the magic sword, now you have to save the world!"") and it's something I am not too fond of.So that and my impression, that the story is also well written, stick out in my mind.The characters feel like they have actual personality and are genuinely likeable. They have their flaws, but also ambitions and strengths. Even side characters get fleshed out and all the characters togeher make the world feel alive.Other aspects that tie the game together are the great soundtrack, the fun strategic battle system and the really nice visuals, especially with the character portraits shown in dialogues that help a lot to flesh out the emotions of the characters.I'm pretty sure it's the same engine they used for the Ys games (Origin and The Oath in Felghana), so if you played those games and enjoyed the visuals, you know, what you'll get.I spent ~60 hours playing through the game a single time and enjoyed every single minute of it, so I felt the game was worth the price."
76561198040732046,Recommended,251150,12587632,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Spite,"Quite possibly the most engaging RPG I have ever played. It has been many years since an RPG has been able to move me the way this game has. Had a hard time pulling myself away from it for long periods of time and am eagerly awaiting the second chapter.If you are a fan of old school JRPGs or just searching for a game with a compelling, well written story, loveable characters and a strategic and some times challenging battle style; then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,251150,13378381,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Above,"I hope you like lengthy traditional PS1 era style JRPGs, because if you do, you almost can't go wrong with this one.  Goes to show that if you do a formula well enough it still works, no matter how ""tired"" it might seem."
,Recommended,251150,12224616,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Knurek,"Amazing game, even if it can be a little wordy. Can't wait for the Second Chapter."
,Recommended,251150,11535581,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Ace,"if you love JRPG Games like  agarest generations of war , tales of (something) , Fire Emblem , Final Fantasy ,  Valkyria Chronicles ,  Shin Megami Tensei  and many other JRPG Than just buy This Game and play!Who know's it might help get steam to have more JRPG Game at store to  buy xD  Support all JRPG  !! GET THEM TO STEAMYou know you like those JRPG Games xDSideNote For This Game : I'm Proud To Be A Bracer Member !!!"
,Recommended,251150,13535498,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sammings,One of my most favorite JRPG of all time next to FF7. Can't wait for the sequel
,Recommended,251150,12195082,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Sakkyoku,"Put shortly, this game excels in every aspect that a JRPG should, and is one of the best classic JRPG's of all time.The music is phenomenal with a fully orchestral score, and it suits the tone of the game superbly.The story is long and well developed, and it really takes time to develop the relationship that the two main characters have.The combat is fun, fresh, and quite intresting; however it does get a bit stale near the later points of the game. It does have depth and during some of the boss fights it will really test your might, overall though, the fighting system is not fully explored through normal combat, but overall it is still enjoyable.This game is truly an epic story that takes atleast 50 hours to complete; and even more if you 100% the game which if your like me; you'll want to do as soon as you beat the game the first time.I can't reccomend this game enough."
76561198142541454,Recommended,251150,28750130,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Warui Wanderer,"Exploration is a whole lot of fun with how big and detailed the world is. Everything in this game is pretty great, but really, exploring the world and meeting all the characters is what this game's all about. Def recommend this game to any JRPG fan."
76561198068452356,Recommended,251150,31476976,Posted: 30 April,all,The Director,"Pros+ Charaters: Got increasingly attached to all of the characters throughout. Left just right amount of details to the imagination.+ Story: The localized story and world-building is pretty phenominal. It went from innocent to complex at the right rate, with a satisfying climax and cliffhanger at the end.+ Nightmare Difficulty (no carryover) on first playthrough was a satisfying and difficult (but do-able) challenge.+ Requires meaningful decisionmaking when configuring orbment setup during play-through and end-game.+ Epic 3-hour-long final boss with multiple phasesCons- Some balancing issues with spell variety. Speed Up and Earth Wall carried.- Attack/defense interaction didn't feel right on nightmare. High attack characters hitting for very little on some enemies.- Combat animations accumulate over time and made the playthrough long especially on harder difficulty"
,Recommended,251150,24404102,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Osulagh,"Overall, an excellent JRPG. Great story, great characters, and good mechanics. This is certainly a game to get into if people want a good story to follow. While slow pace, the story is never boring and this is one of the few games I've had a connection with the characters and story. You will need the second chapter (SC) if you want to get into this.The cons of this game are two-fold:The PC port is shotty. I've played this on the PSP before and had no problems, but on PC (with an overkill PC and SSD) there's certain maps and areas that studder and gitter within 50-125fps that feels like it's running at 4fps. The menu sometimes doesn't want to show labels on items. Sometimes you won't be able to load up the saved games are at start-up. I've had more crashes than with a Bethesda game. Luckily the autosave is good. None of this is game-breaking, but rather dissapointing. Although I'm unsure if this is somehow only a problem on my system.The gameplay is rather bleh~. Battle system is standard. There's not a whole lot of customizability with equipment and upgrade (you get better stuff progressively). Difficulties are whacked. Normal is rather challenging without grinding (I only grind before the final battle so I would have less headaches). Hard is a nightmare, and beyond... you've got to be a masochist because it's health/attack based difficutly. There's only a few good fights where the opponents try to fight smart, otherwise they become bullet sponges. If you play on normal, nothing will be teeth-grindingly bad, just not very challenging without. Once you turn it up to hard, you get kicked in the balls. Oh, and you can't change difficulties later on so choose wisely.Side problem: The graphics are decent for the most part other than the sprites. They scream 2004! If that was changed, people would probably think this was a recent lower(ish)-budget title.If you play on normal and suffer through the small port/localization problems, it's a really enjoyable game. Nice to sit back and play to enjoy the story with some small battle challenges here and there."
76561198114792288,Recommended,251150,25955670,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Megumi,"This game is one of my favorite RPG's ever with more complicated histories in game lore than most.  Trails in the Sky focuses on two main characters (Estelle Bright and her adopted brother Joshua) who travel around their nation of Liberl. At the start of the prolouge, as you become Junior Bracers, you seek to become full-fledged members (also known as Senior Bracers) of this international organization who show an unselfish desire to help the needy. Their travels are without crises early on, but eventually lead to the forces operating in the shadows of Liberal which becomes the focal point to the game.The difficulty of enemies can be notably hard, but having the ability in the game to catch almost all of them by sneak surprises lessens their potency. The final battle is the strongest encounter that could potentially provoke some mild anger from the player, but preparation will help manage this.The cliffhanger to Trails in the Sky left me in awed when it left an excellent plot twist with an unnoticable antagonist that our protagonists came across through the storyline (I will leave the guessing for you to figure out). Trails in the Sky served its purpose of getting me to eagerly buy the next installment Trails in the Sky SC.  I certainly had a great time throughout it, whether it was the quests or treasure chest hunts, which is more than I can say for some other games."
,Recommended,251150,24843301,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gilgamesh,"Great game with a lot of dialog, npc's who actually have something interesting to say, fun skill system and a massive amount of plot twists. The MC's are very likeable, and eventhough there is no audio dialog, the text alone will give you enough LOL's.Battle system might be a little slow, though. Spells are a lot stronger than melee, and bossfights can take a very long time (esspecially the last one). Nonetheless a great game. So please press the purchase button, so they can make an entire series of this game until the day I die."
,Recommended,251150,27722408,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DefaultBeep,"I've never been more upset at a game for making me love it. There I was, about to finish the game and move on to one of the dozen RPGs I haven't finished yet, and then it ended on one of the worst (best?) cliffhangers I've ever experienced. Maybe if the game didn't have such a well-done story with great characters and simple yet enjoyable gameplay, then I could've held off on buying the sequel for a while longer. But no, this game just HAD to have the gall to be a wonderful experience. I'm so upset.On a more serious note, this game is certainly not perfect. The gameplay, while fun, definitely takes a backseat to the story, and can grow a bit tiresome after a good amount of hours. Speaking of the story, it might be both the game's greatest strength, as well as it's greatest weakness. My finished game file shows about 45 hours, and two-thirds of that is mostly world building and character interactions, with some small hints of a larger plot here and there. Don't get me wrong, the world building was very well done, and it did a wonderful job of making me care for the characters... but until the payoff happens, it can be a bit of a slog. I started playing this game in February of 2016, and didn't complete it until November. If you're willing to push through a slow beginning that lasts for almost the entire game, then I would definitely recommend this game, because it really is worth it in the end. Just be prepared for a long journey, and maybe bring some tissues for the end."
76561198193120643,Recommended,251150,32840693,Posted: 26 June,all,NexusJio,"Have you ever want to expierence a game world that constantly feels like its moving forward naturally and not because of the player? Trails in the sky FC is what brings to the table. The world building in this game is top notch and one of the best in the Jrpg genre. The story albeit very slow paced is very fun and interesting, same can be said about the combat in the game. The only major flaws is the game ends on a massive cliff hanger and it is very slow at the begining"
76561197966253804,Recommended,251150,33846255,Posted: 27 July,all,Total_Diversion,"Really fun game with great writing, doesn't have that ""bad J-rpg"" feel to it. It isn't super challenging, but the combat is fun enough that it doesn't get repetitive to the point of frustration. Ties into two more stand-alone chapters, I'm working through the second one and it's still just as good with a few improvements. Definitely a series you want to start into if you enjoy J-rpg's but don't want to tear your hair out (looking at you Agarest series.)Highly recommend, use a controller, and enjoy the old school feel with modern tweaks."
76561198067000266,Recommended,251150,17147204,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Blue Himiko,"A JRPG done right!As a long and dedicated fan of Final Fantasy, it was quite odd adjusting to a new JRPG franchise. Initially, I only decided to buy this game because I thought it looked interesting and vaguely resembled the earlier Final Fantasy games (IV, V & VI). In reality, this game provides what I believe is missing in many RPG's nowadays including Final Fantasy.Story (no spoilers):The story within Trails in the Sky I would say is a perfect balance between several important factors which should be present in all RPG's: complexity and depth whilst still being succint and avoiding cliches and troupes. To put if briefly without going into actual plot points, although the story itself involves tons of twists and turns with moderately unpredicatable storytelling and dark themes such as conspiracy, it always remains understandable by using character interaction to explain the narrative. The game itself consists of 5 chapters, each with its own main story but with an overarching storyline that runs throughout the game. The game includes easily the best storyline and storytelling I have ever played in a video game, so anyone interested in buying the game I would advise not to search any details of it to avoid massive spoilers. The ending of the game will DEFINITELY make you eagerly await the second chapter's English localisation - I know I am!Characters:Easily my second favourite aspect of the game. While the game does to some extent include the standard 'funny character,' 'shy character,' 'reckless character' etc seen within most RPG's, the difference with this game is that each character is genuinly believable and extremely funny, with Estelle and Joshua (the two main protagonists) complimenting each other brilliantly. It is clear that the developers intended to really focus on developing the feelings and emotions of each and every character, even if Olivier can be unbearable sometimes. Trails is probably the first RPG in which I felt compelled to listen to as many NPC's as possible just to hear what they have to say and how the main characters will respond. Whilst there is tons of text reading (which is a good thing in my opinion), story and character development are the strongest aspects of this game.Battle system:I've read that some people disliked the battle system, but personally I felt it is among the most creative and enjoyable variations of the traditional turn based system I have ever played. Firstly, you do not face random encounters! A typical battle begins by accidentally or intentionally running into a visible enemy while walking down roads. Battles comprise of a square grid requiring you to strategically position your characters and use basic attacks, sepith (magic) or S-breaks and crafts (ridiculously strong special attacks) against the enemy. There's a slight learning curve for anyone more familiar with traditional JRPG battle systems like in Pokemon or Final Fantasy, but its easily solved by after your fast few battles. The enemies you face vary in skills and strength and consequently the game requires you to vary your battle technique very often, especially leading up to boss battles. Its really one of those games in which are easier to learn as you go along rather than using tutorials and guides.Gameplay and graphics:Definitely one of the most beautifully crafted JRPG's I have played in a long time. From playing this game, it is clear that beautiful scenary and ambience can be created with simple artistic design. The game is predominantly open world, but with clear guidance as to where to go and what to do. Its just a really enjoyable game to play and experience aside from the characters and story.Music:This game has one of the greatest soundtracks (in my opinion) of any game ever released. I believe that every game should have a certain degree of repeition in regards to its music, and Trails in the Sky has the perfect amount. Each major city has its own unique soundtrack that leaves you looking forward to the subsequent city just to hear what music comes along with it. Its a shame, I can't find anywhere to buy the soundtrack because the music is one of the things which makes this game standout from the crowd.It is usually very easy to pick out flaws in a game, but honestly, Trails in the Sky is in my opinion one of those rare games that only exist once every few years which I struggle to find criticisms for. Its a JRPG that just works! My only real disappointment is the lack of publicity about this game. I only discovered it by chance and immediatly persuaded a friend to buy it - he wasn't disappointed! This is my first review and the quality of this game and its lack of publicity compelled me to write about it. To conlude, anyone who wants an experience which resembles that of classic RPG's from Chrono Trigger, to Finaly Fantasy and even extending to games such as Earthbound will love this hidden gem, but the game is one which doesn't limit itself to JRPG fans, because the characters, story and overall experience is something which anyone can enjoy."
,Recommended,251150,11485950,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,kupon3ss,The first in the best JRPG series of the last decade.
,Recommended,251150,11466337,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,paxis85,The game looks really good. It's an nice old school jrpg which is awesome and really scratches the right itch. The HD resolutions seem to give crashes but the mid range widescreen resolutions seem to fix this .
76561198026673593,Recommended,251150,13580652,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CrazyHermit,"Trails In The Sky is wonderful! I love T.I.T.S.! I'm obsessed with T.I.T.S.! I just can't stop playing with T.I.T.S.!...Yeah, maybe I should go into better detail. This game is a near-perfect refinement of the classic JRPG formula: chat up characters, fight and grind through turn-based battles, and save the world. It may not be ground-breaking, but Trails in the Sky shines in its execution: the turn-based battles favor planning, good positioning and clever tactics, and the world is rich with memorable, endearing and just plain odd characters (even townsfolk) whose personalities really stand out thanks to XSEED's excellent localization. No ham-fisted moral choices, no convoluted weapon crafting, just a good, solid RPG experience."
76561198058587022,Recommended,251150,11465776,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Stabby,"This game is simply amazing. The story is stunning, and the gameplay is very addictive for those who enjoy older RPG & JRPGs! I have nothing but good things to say about this game. The only issue i've had so far is that it crashes occasionally. It may be my set up,  but sometimes it just crashes in the middle of playing. If anyone has advice on how to stop it that would be wonderful.EDIT:  So I found information on how to solve the issue thanks to Kalirion, and some other posts on the forum. (Thanks btw! n_n)Now that everything is running fine I have to say that the game seems very in-depth, and i'm really enjoying the light hearted feel between the main characters!"
,Recommended,251150,11466433,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Makin,Buy it to support Falcom and its PC releases!
76561198059945716,Recommended,251150,12881940,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,elitecommando180,"This game is pure awesomeness. The story, the battle, the world, only reason not to play it is if you do you will be super impatient waiting for the second chapter."
76561197980429671,Recommended,251150,20476836,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bubba Jones,"For a brief period of time I was wondering why the PC community fell in love with a five year old JRPG which does absolutely nothing new as far as the genre is concerned until I played it and found out.The short answer is...its good, really good.It does absolutely nothing new, this is the same JRPG you've been playing since the 80's.  What it does do is polish the concept and execution without leaving a single detail unattended to.  Absolutely nothing is wasted or frivolous in its design.  The designers set out to take the concept of a ""classic"" JRPG and polish it into the best possible version they could make it and, as far as I'm concerned, they succeeded.The character system is the same stat, level, and gear laddered system we've all been using for a while now.  Where it differs here is there are no frivolous upgrades, levels mean a lot, and every single stat point is a marked increase in capability.  The level of improvement is like discussing levels and gear in Dungeons and Dragons.  A single level can turn an enemy which will take off 50% of your hit points in a hit down to one which will only take off 20% in a hit.  A new weapon will make you go from killing an enemy in five hits down to two.  Armor upgrades will make an enemy inflict *tink* damage instead of significantly harming your characters.  There is no waste in the character screen, every weapon and item produces a noticeable upgrade in the performance of your characters which will give you an advantage over your adversaries.Enemy encounters can be seen on the area maps and will transition to the classic battle screen.  Combat is turn based on a tactical grid.  The grid does little more than provide positioning for aoe and melee attacks.  Experience from the fights is rewarded scaled to level to keep you from wasting time grinding experience and at some point when you reach a soft experience cap, you are encouraged to avoid combat and the encounters.Spells have to be set up in a materia system on each character.  Each materia provides a stat upgrade, which even on the small end is significant and noticeable, and determine the spell list for a character.  Spells are usually powerful, magic points are limited for each character, they are one of the few sources of AoE damage, healing, and even more importantly - status effects.  Yes, stat effects can change the tide of a battle if they are done in your favor or against it, something I rarely see in a JRPG.  Spells have to be charged when cast and they will require you to ""wait"" a number of ticks on the turn order in order to cast them.Each character also has their own number of abilities, which use a resource charged when they attack or take damage, like a limit gauge.  Some of these are weaker abilities doing better than average damage or applying a status effect.  When the gauge is 100% or more full they can cut ahead in the turn order and activate an ultimate ability doing a lot of damage, sometimes aoe damage, party healing for one character, at any time during combat.The story is a tight story focused on the characters and character development.  The smallness and focus reminds me of The Witcher.  The scene doesn't paint a grand, sweeping save the world narrative.  It presents a smaller narrative involved with the politics, issues, concerns of the protagonists, their companions, and the people they come across.  Even the story is limited, you don't save the world, you resolve a political crisis in the kingdom your characters call home.  Most of the interaction you have with this larger story take the form of resolving problems in whatever area you happen to be in for the various people who live there.The people and the world is well-developed, everyone has significant lines of dialogue.  All the NPCs have a name and consistent personality - there are NO extras.  If you set out and find NPC's to talk to, they always react to the latest developments of the plot, comment on what they think or how it affects their lives.  The game holds onto little details of who you've talked to, who you've helped, what optional things you've done, and who wants ice cream, as you wander around the towns and countryside.  Even better, the game doesn't punish you for missing these details, it tries to keep them as a reward or a ""do you remember when-"" moment for those who go finding things off the beaten path.  If you try to push forward without being hung up on what's on the side, that's fine - the game gives you what you need to work on the next quests and enough knowledge of the world to move on without being stopped by anything.I have very few issues with this game.  First, there are some FPS/stutters and drops in certain areas.  I understand there are some settings and fixes for this if you take the time to do them - they weren't so much of a problem for me I went through that effort.  Second, the final area of the game is very ""Zen Syndrome"".  There is a large dungeon there, way larger than several dungeons combined with some very hard enemies there.  It wouldn't normally be a problem, but the other areas of the game were more intelligently developed with interesting story and encounters in them.  This last area is just four levels of hard random encounters with a few bosses combined with story to hand you as a reward for your effort.This is probably one of the best JRPG's I've played in the 2000's, one of the best you will find on the PC platform, and one I'm glad I got the opportunity to play."
76561198029981778,Recommended,251150,12733160,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,veneretio,"So far, so good. Really like the customization system as well as the food aspect. The story leaves something to be desired and at times it can feel like you're talking for far too long about things that are totally irrelevant. Overall, it's proving to be a challenging, enjoyable gameplay experience."
76561198048452933,Recommended,251150,12573981,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Trollmandoo,"A good jrpg all around. No problems with anything during my playtrough. Be warned tough, it is the 1st part of a series and the remaining parts have not yet been translated and localized to EN. Regardless, definitely recommend this if you like JRPGs."
,Recommended,251150,23605210,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Magna,"If you are a fan of story-rich JRPGs, this is a must! It's flown under a lot of people's radar and I can't see why. Whilst the story is very much the first installment in a series and somewhat slow to start, the characters are all very likeable, especially our two main heroes.As for combat, it uses a grid-based system in conjunction with a lot of turn-based norms. There's a lot to be familiar with and lot of new things to discover as well. There is also a lot of customization options with the orbment system, but for those intimidated by complexity, the game has an easy mode you can play to take some of the pressure off, but it still keeps you on your toes.Overall, brilliant experience. I'd reccommend it to anyone who considers themself a fan of RPGs."
,Recommended,251150,30070068,Posted: 20 February,all,CloudVII,"This game is worth purchasing if you are willing to let the story and characters carry you through the uninspired gameplay mechanics. It's your typical turn-based RPG with decent music and a kingdom in trouble, so there is nothing new or exciting to see there, but that's okay because this game is cute as hell and the characters and the story will worm their way into your heart and keep you playing just to see what happens next. The ending was satisfying and sets up the next chapter without answering every question.Perhaps the best thing I can say about this game is I purchased the sequel immediatley after I finished it. Was it perfect? No, it wasn't, but it cleared every bar that it needed to in order to hold its head high as an RPG and it managed to make me care about the characters and their world, so what more is there to say? I don't think you'll be disappointed in this one."
,Recommended,251150,31683359,Posted: 11 May,all,iq40,"Been playing this for the longest time. In a nutshell, if you can get past the relatively dated graphics and give it a try, you will be rewarded with an awesome story and memorable characters. Albeit, a cliffhanger ending. (So you'll need to purchase the 2nd and 3rd installment to get the full experience)Also, to be fair, the ""dated"" graphics and some other in-game details have been slightly updated/tweaked by XSEED to make way for the 3rd and newest installment of the game, which was recently released as of this writing. That shows how much dedication the publisher has for this game even though it's relatively old. Something that I really appreciate. It's pushing me to make another full run of the game using my clear data just to see the rejuvenated graphics from the beginning....I gave in to the temptation."
,Recommended,251150,11512234,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SchwartZero,"Lots of Jrpgs puts you quickly into a situation where you have to save the world, slay gods, stop religion and whatever...They never take the time to build the world up first. Fleshing out the characters, and giving them a proper reason for what they are doing.Trails in the Sky is different. This game is very slow paced... But that's the appeal of it. It never rushes to do anything. It takes it's time to build a coherent world, give everything a meaning and introduce many various characters. Who develops nicely throughout the game.The main characters are Estelle Bright and her adopted brother, Joshua Bright. They are raised by their father, Cassius Bright, to become full fledged Bracers.Bracers are guild members who are tasked to protect the well being of their fellow citizens and country. In this case, Liberl. A small and peaceful kingdom, that got invaded by the Erebonian Empire 10 years ago. In what was essentially called ''The Hundred Days War.''Liberl suffered heavy losses, but still managed to drive the Empire back and survive the invasion. With the help of the military and strong support from the Bracer guild.But at the cost of many lives, like Estelle's mother. This is what pushed Estelle into becoming a Bracer, if not only for her father. To become strong and experienced, so she can protect her friends, country and most importantly, her family. From another invasion attempt.Lots of Jrpgs tend to focus way too much on the main characters and not enough on non-playable ones, but not in this game.For instance, you are introduced to two news reporters within the first 2 hours of the game, Nial and Dorothy. They both have their own unique personality, character portrait and goal in their mind, with a lot of dialogue there to explain said goal in detail. From all this, we can assume they are somewhat important and MIGHT play a bigger role later in the game.A lot of the characters you meet in the game are portrayed like this, and this is one of the many strengths of the game. To make every character look even a tiny bit important, whether they are friendly or not.And in most cases, even when our heroes are faced with enemies that are human, they don't kill them. They stop them or knock them out. This helps present our heroes... As actual HEROES.This is a great way to empathize with the characters we are in control of. It would be a bit hard to empathize with murderers.This is what the game is good at. Creating a world that is detailed, introduce characters that are detailed and to explain things in detail. To build upon things, further and further, until the end.If you can deal with the slow pace of the battle system in the beginning, you will really enjoy it later on. Opening more orbment slots, inserting Quartz (Materia in this game), getting new Arts (spells in this game) and that kinda stuff makes it fun to experiment with in battle later on.It has cliches like any other game/anime, but that's not a bad thing. It's how writers handle these cliches. And I think, Trails in the Sky handles it better than anything I've ever seen and played.I'm not really good at writing detailed reviews, but I hope this made you somewhat more interested in the game.The Legend of Heroes is a very well written, story rpg series. And I hope it can get more support here in the west, so we can get the rest of the games released over here."
76561198238386686,Recommended,251150,31192471,Posted: 16 April,all,qumarwilson,"At the time I'm writing this, I've beaten the game and started on a New Game+ playthrough to get the remaining Achievements. There is a 100% chance that I will purchase the sequels soon.Cons:-The combat animations are slower than I would have liked.-The overarching plot is predictable.-There is a lot of cheesy dialogue, especially in the early part of the game.Pros:-Grinding is quick and rewarding, but not necessary at any point.-Combat is well-balanced and difficulty progresses at the perfect pace.-Almost every NPC has a name and a narrative that continues to develop as the story progresses.-Lots to collect and complete (Bracer Points, Recipe Book, Monster Guide, quartz, equipment, books, newspapers, etc.)-Excellent soundtrackThere are also some recipes (most notably Apple Ice Cream) whose ingredients are sold in shops. The cost of the ingredients is less than price the cooked version sells for. This means that you can buy the ingredients, cook up to 99, then sell the finished product for a profit. Depending on the type of player you are, this could be a pro or a con."
,Recommended,251150,34706456,Posted: 3 September,all,Sakif X9,"Trails in the Sky has probably been one of the best experiences I been through, I love this game to bits.You play as the protagonists Estelle and Joshua Bright, son of the great Cassius Bright. They are on their way to become fully fledged bracers. What's a bracer you ask? Its the same thing as a mecenary but they have the authority to arrest people. The game starts out slow, but as it progresses the characters start developing and the mood of the game changes, it starts getting intense throughout every chapter, and every chapter will always leave you wanting for more. The gameplay isn't the best, but it is really enjoyable if you get the hang of it, it's a grid based tactical battle system, if you played games like Devil Survivor or Fire Emblem you may find some enjoyment in the battle system. The music is excelent, I've been listening to the OST for hours, I can't let go of this amazing soundtrack. Overall I would rate this game 9/1OPS Bring a box of tissues, some events that occur in this game may leave you in tears :P"
76561198086840378,Recommended,251150,12487779,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Snikerz,"I'll just start by saying this: This is the first game I have felt compelled to play from start to finish in 6 years. That story-rich tag isn't just for show people. Now anyone who looks at my profile can tell that I am a avid tf2 player and that I play it more than anything else in my libray. That was untill I picked up this little gem. Since I bought it I havent stopped playing it except to eat and sleep. From the spectacular music to the well paced story telling I have loved everything about this game so far. One boss I fought in towards the end took me a half hour and I was actually physically exausted by the time it ended. The only down side I can think of is if you like playing games in a series one after the other, you might not want to pick this one up yet. There are 4 other games in the series to my knowledge and only this one had been localized so far. But I have heard that the Second Chapter in the series is coming to America at the end of this year. So ,long winded speech aside get the game. You won't regret it."
76561198051804975,Recommended,251150,12500881,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Imortal12233,Iv'e played ~40 hours before this on a non-steam version of the game.IMO one of the best jrpgs Iv'e played and would fully recommend anyone with even a slight interest in the genre to try this out.
,Recommended,251150,21879275,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Astray Belgar,Olivier.Need I say more?
,Recommended,251150,11468221,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,InnocenceExorcist,"Honestly, this game is great.  If you are a fan of JRPG's, tis is a must have.  It is a great step for Steam to add this game to it's line up and makes the future of JRPGs on here bright.   The story is great, the characters are great.  Now, a lot of people may have been having problems with the game crashing (I have not, so I can't help there).  Others may have problems with the cut scene colors being weird, but that is fixed by playing in windowed mode.  The developers have been lisening and are investigating the problens now.All around, this is a solid JRPG that the developers care about.   Would recommend very highly."
76561198035537319,Recommended,251150,13870971,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Derpmaster1000,"*Spoiler Free*I picked this up during the winter sale and although my wallet cried over all the games I bought during the Steam sale, I cried over how awesome this game was. 10/10 would cry again.Jokes aside though, this game is a ""coming of age"" tale for Estelle (our main female lead) and Joshua (our main male lead). Estelle and Joshua aspire to become Bracers which are basically civil workers who do good deeds/jobs for the good of the people (different from the Royal Army whose main purpose is to protect the people from monsters). We follow them around to different regions (as Bracers-in-training) solving people's problems like escorting civilians safely to towns, doing errands like finding some books, fixing things, exterminating strong monsters etc.On this journey we meet many friends along the way and I can safely say I found something likeable for every single character- even the overly flirtatious guy at the expense of his misfortune and his banter with the party members. All the characters grow on you as the game goes on and you genuinely feel sad/happy when things go wrong or right for them- which not many current generation JRPGs do thats for sure. This gem of a game has touched my heart and I don't regret every single minute of my life joining Estelle and Joshua on their journey to become full-fledged Bracers.I highly recommend this game to not only those tired of the overly moe JRPGs made nowadays but also those that want a nice story about 2 teens on a quest to do what they think is right with all the laughs and tears in between. I rate this a 9/10. Pros and Cons list below for those interested.Pros:+THE. FREAKING. TREASURE. CHESTS. - If you thought looting chests and getting great loot was awesome, well; let's just say the chests themselves have something to say about that...+ Diverse Characters - from NPCS all the way to playable party members, there's so many different people to love/like!+ Diverse Enemies - no rinse and repeat monster models for EVERY REGION. There are a few but generally each region has different monsters and thats sweet.+ Gameplay - the gameplay is pretty neat; nice turn-based battle grid system with interrupting-turn super skills+ EXP system - This game does leveling right. The exp gained from monsters is based on a exp scaling system so if you are underleveled (let's say lvl 18) fighting a lvl 20 mob, you get more exp than if you were level 21 fighting the same mob. This prevents you from being too underleveled but at the same time prevents overleveling (to an extent).+ Story is good (albeit linear)+ OST is great+ Graphics can be upped to 1080p x 1920p+ $20!!! - considering the price of current JRPGs go for at least around $30 usually; this game is certainly a steal for the amount of content.Cons:- Linear story - you get story locked which prevents you from going back to the previous regions once you pass certain points in the story.- Some party members you've had in early chapters are unplayable until late in the Final chapter.- Graphics are dated (the game is old- released in 2004) I personally don't mind but for some people graphics/looks is a factor.- Few bugs - there was a point where I would talk to an NPC and one of my party members would walk/run in place; pretty funny and not that big a deal but a bug nonetheless.- No Voice Acting - This isn't as big a deal as let's say in a Visual Novel but besides battle voices and grunt noises, there is NO voice acting.- This is the First Chapter and the Second and Third Chapters have yet to be released in English (although Second Chapter is currently being localized)."
,Recommended,251150,13411779,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Keyboard Commander,This is by far my favorite game.
,Recommended,251150,11468165,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Jesse Dylan,"This is one of the best JRPGs of all time.  I will tell you why.  It absorbs and distills so much of what made the classics great, cuts out the annoying bits, and then exapand drastically upon the good bits.I played the hell out of this game on PSP.  I then replayed it on Vita.  At this point, I wanted to buy it on PC just to support the series, developers, publishers, localizers--partially in the desperate hope that we will get more games like this and more games in the series, regardless of what platform they're on.  But, now that I've got it, have booted it up and fiddled with it, I am excited to replay it all over again.The PC version brings a lot of bells and whistles.  This game is not about its graphical splendor, but the PC version is definitely pretty.  I have to comment that the art design is great in this game, too.I could just go on and on.  Please buy and support this game."
,Recommended,251150,11503125,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,DarkEetrius,"Been longing for a JRPG that was good and was on pc, this one delivers with a fun combat system and a unique way of equipping your team for the road ahead. I give this game a 8/10One of the slight draw backs that i docked 1pt for was the fact that most boss battles you have to use your specials in order to win or they  just wipe you out. The game has a good story and characters  with very Unique characteristics in the respect to who they are.The other reason I docked 1 pt is the fact that the game can be kinda sluggish at times and you cant really level up your characters prior to battles.Happy hunting and enjoy The Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky"
76561198257699248,Recommended,251150,24393585,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jyu Viole Grace,"+Really good battle system. Quartz system is really original and deep.+Exploration, several towns and good level desing overall+Really good sub quest. They are really original and not based in drops or farm items/kill X quantity of enemies.+Really great plot. Normally I don't care about plot but in this series it's really well written.+Olvier. Best character ever.+Falcom OST.-Really poor balance between physical skills and magic. Magic is OP."
76561198000745062,Recommended,251150,24477965,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tweetiti |Boobs of Steel|,This game is a must for all JRPG fans. I hesitated to play it but the reviews were so good I had to try once it was in sale. I do not regret it a second. Yes it might be a little slow at first but I personnally quite used to this in other similar games and I'm happy to do every single sidequests threre is. HTe graphics are decent enough and the attention to details is amazing but sometimes also a bit askew. For example you do a sidequest in a place and then you go back to this place for the main story and the dialogues doesn't remember you had come before. On the ohther hand you borrow a fishing rod and then follow the stor for a while but when you leave town suddenly your heros remember you need to give it back.  I can't wait to play the next part of this epic adventure.
,Recommended,251150,25243707,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CaptainNukem,"Lost my steam review virginity to Trails in the Sky. Would lose my virginity again to it. 10/10ProsExceptional writing that grips the player.Pacing is great.World feels alive and rich.Gameplay is solidPlot twists were unexpectedSoundtrack is enjoyableConsIf you hate to read a bunch of text.Overall, I found this game to be phenomenal. XSeed did a wonderful job in putting it in English and I would highly reccomend this game to any jrpg fan. Sorry Xenogears, their is a new number 1."
76561198075811594,Recommended,251150,24955166,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,raJor,"One of the best JRPG I've ever played for its gameplay, music, story, heck, every single aspect of it!If you fancy yourself JRPG game, absolutely get this!Worth every cent of its price!Oh, have I mentioned that there are 3 parts of the game?Yes, there are 3 parts: First Chapter, Second Chapter, and the last Third Chapter.As I'm writing this review, currently 2 parts are already released on Steam: First Chapter and Second Chapter.And I'm telling you now as I've finished both of them, the story is just brilliant!Can't wait for the Third Chapter to be released!--BAH, enough babbling, just buy it, no regrets!"
76561198193359490,Recommended,251150,22918952,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Cousinscampi,"This game is a must have for fans of JRPGs! It has a great story, entertaining main characters and a pretty good turn based battle system. Havn't  played an rpg in a long while (since maybe ps1 era FF's) that has got me so attached to the characters and eager to find out what awaits them further in the story. Honestly, if you have felt a little let down by some newer RPG releases recently then give this a go im pretty sure (51.6%) you wont regret it :) UPDATE - Just finished it and yeah.... just buy it!!!!!"
,Recommended,251150,22904175,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,vayanui8,Easily one of the best games I've ever played. I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a fantastic story driven RPG.
76561197975587162,Recommended,251150,12450300,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,((林老北)) Hao,"I just loved JRPG, Legend of heroes is one of my favourite series apart from Final Fantasy. Very great that steam able to port them to PC and hoped that the next series will be out soon in Steam.Never experience any crash before, game play is smooth, had completed this game twice and will be proceeding to nightmare mood. This game will just keep you entertain for hours without getting bored with interesting dialouge and gameplay."
76561198034193541,Recommended,251150,12558919,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Qleetus,"7/10, If you're not a jrpg FAN, then $20 is a little steep.Just wanted to give my sincere opinion of this game. I enjoyed this game quite a bit because I feel there are so many excellent game mechanic descisions, but I couldn't help but be overall disapointed, only because of the radiant reviews I had read prior to purchasing the game. The music was okay, sometimes I felt like I was listening to an rpg sound track that has been turned to elevator music. The light jazzy battle music actually got a little old about 5 hours in. Creatures in this game are split between a busy mess of horns and tentacles (which can look cool), or just a lazy mix between two real animals. For instance, there are two seperate creature models in the game that are BOTH a shark/gator mix, and their names are actually shark-gator and gator-shark within game, which seems a little... lame. For the most part it really is a good game, I loved the recipe system and the quick turn based strategy battles were fun, and the lack of random encounters was refreshing. Also the materia-like magic system was fun to play with, but not as deep as I'd hoped. I'm a little jaded that the game ended just as it seemed to be getting good, as I figured that this game would be long as the descriptions I've read, but they fail to mention that it's actually a series of seperate titles that make one long game. This game can be finished handily within 30-40 hours without much effort and if you're familiar. The story was pretty lack luster until the final couple chapters, but the writting is actually very good and contextually sensitive to what you've already finished or achieved before engaging in conversation. My final impression of the game is that it is built upon excellent game mechanics, but the final product feels incomplete despite it's good writting. If you like anime humor or anime plot lines, then you'll enjoy this game just for that."
,Recommended,251150,11577289,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Synthetix 【ビールスV3】,"Nihon Falcom, we meet again.Falcom, developer of the legendary Ys series that had it's start way back in the late 80s, found it's way into my heart with it's storytelling, gameplay, and soundtracks. But mainly, the only RPGs I have every really played, were Action RPGs that focused on free flowing combat and skill to take down the most difficult of bosses.Now I'm no stranger to Japanese action RPGs, but as for turn-based stuff, Trails in the Sky FC was my very first 'experience' with the turn-based formula from beginning to end, and I am very, very glad I gave JRPGs a second chance to win me over.Trails in the Sky is unlike any game you've ever played. Like most JRPGs, you will experience the inner conflicts of the protagonist, trying to establish their place in the world, along with love, death, betrayal, and hidden pasts and motives. But lots of times, to build up such a large story, development in other areas of the game that can be considered important can sometimes be neglected.However, with Trails, the story is rich, deep, epic, and most importantly, it breathes life and balance into other areas of the adventure that sometimes aren't developed more. This is world-building at it's finest. Townsfolk that change dialogue after finishing new missions, and other characters that join Estelle and Joshua on their journey that you'll always remember fondly until the very end. This game is one of the few titles where my eyes water during certain scenes, which is a testament to how well developed the story is, and how your attachment to the characters builds, and stays with you through to the end.This game is very, very long, and it's only the first game out of three, but aside from the story, the turn based combat system just feels amazing. Strategy/Tactical RPG fans will notice the grid based battlefield when planning a character's attack, which adds quite a bit of flexibility to your strategies when fighting, but unit placement is nowhere near as important as it is in a game like Agarest. Combat is simple, fun, and never seems to get dull or boring.The Orbment system also adds flexibility because you can build your characters into roles you want them to serve. Want to build a balanced team of healing, buffing, and DPS? You got it. Want to have a more DPS heavy team? You can do it. The orbment system is very fun to play with, and the huge amount of Quartz gems make for tons of different combinations to experiment and play with in battle.Overall, Trails in the Sky is a game with the deepest character development I've ever seen in an RPG, a fun and simple battle system, and one hell of an epic storyline that will board you on the feels train all the way to the very end. For the first game of a trilogy in the Trails arc, I cannot recommend this game enough. $20 for 60+ hours of enjoyment well spent. And supporting localization for more amazing titles to come on PC!Now to wait patiently until Second Chapter."
76561197990235466,Recommended,251150,11599977,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Freddo,"Very enjoyable JRPG, especially when the story kicks in even if it takes many hours for that to happen. The game got a good cast too, no characters are really annoying or act like a stupid brat. A nice touch is that NPCs often change what they say as you progress, unlike most JRPGs where NPCs say the same thing over and over.The soundtrack is unfortunately the weakest part of the game. It's not bad and fill it's purpose well enough as no songs feel out of place or anything, but compared to many other JRPGs that often have great soundtracks, this is pretty average with no songs being that special. More songs wouldn't hurt either, for a game you play 40-50 hours they get a bit repetitive. I was surprised to see that the game have 105 minutes of music in the game folder, certainly felt like less."
,Recommended,251150,11873197,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Andrew 林,"Great story with lots of plot twists and memorable characters (and everybody seems to be hiding some secret).  The localization is incredible - the English translations are perfect. Only flaw in my opinion is that although the game has great music, the game reuses them a lot.9/10P.S. Thanks to Ve for recommending this game! ♪"
,Recommended,251150,30517611,Posted: 14 March,all,Sahuagin,"Best writing in a JRPG? This could have been a pretty boring game, but the writing is extremely good and carries the whole thing.The combat is sufficient, but not as interesting as it could have been. Right off the bat it seemed tedious, and stayed that way most of the game so far. (Well, it starts to get more interesting near the very end of the game.)Partly it's because the enemies are so utterly random that they're disconnected from everything. I want to go into a crypt and fight ghosts and skeletons, or a fire temple and fight fire elementals. At least make the enemies have some meaning. 90% of them are amalgamations of random plants and animals. Turtles in bubbles, sharks with legs, flying fish, bipedal sheep, etc.etc.etc.But aside from nitpicking, really this is a fantastic game. The writing is superb, and the overall design is great as well. Lots of good design decisions here and there that make you say ""hey, exactly, why don't other games do that!"".Now that I've completed it, yes, the writing is easily the strongest part of the game. I'm not sure I've played a more well-written game. Mass Effect is about the only thing I can think of, but I think this is even better. If the combat/gameplay was just a little better this would be pretty close to a perfect game."
,Recommended,251150,29916084,Posted: 13 February,all,Kuryu,must have game for someone who like JRPGgreat story with cliffhanger in the end (the ending just like spoiler/prolog for SC lol)this game not too hard even you set difficulty hard in first playthrough but it will be anoying hard if you go with achievement (i play 2 hours in last boss because achievement that i cant use s-craft while boss always healing it hp).
,Recommended,251150,21094397,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Worse,"About a year and a half ago I posted my recommendation to this game only about three hours in, in that this game's acronym was a synonym for jiggly bits and that would never cease to amuse me. I've decided to revise my review upon completion even though I received some glorious upvotes. I can at least suggest this review is now fair.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is about as JRPG as it can get, I've begrudgingly realized. However, this should not detract from its face value, even though the artstyle and trope-filled characterization gradually sink in, all throughout the game's uncommonly extensive playtime. Gamers these days seem to either love or hate this sort of presentation, and I fell somewhere in the middle and allowed the mechanics to decide my money's worth instead. What I began to see was a world beyond my expectation.Your introduction to this bustling universe begins in the tale of two junior mercenaries. The game treats the player as one that understands the basics of turn-based combat and leveling, but as the guidance falls away for the characters, so too you begin to unknowningly master the system. There's magic to mess with that strengthens depending on how you configure it for each unique character. Weapons and armor get stronger with each new town visited, monsters get attacked based on their elemental weaknesses, and ingredients can get cooked into meals. Looking back at it now, it never really complicates or grows tiresome - it sort of becomes an invisible reflex as the plot takes center stage and finally hooks you. Granted, the common monsters are pretty easy, and thankfully grinding for experience is relatively unnecessary. The bosses and surprise battles can really throw you through a loop, but fortunately everything is accomplishable and rewarding with improvising. Even though I stopped playing for a few months off and on, its mechanics are simple enough to pick up again, and I hardly forgot what was going on in the story either. It leaves that solid of an impression. It lingers and encourages you to keep going.I'm not normally someone compelled to 100% a game, but I found myself willing to try (and I failed, because even though I tried to take my time and explore the hundreds of areas and talk to the hundreds of NPCs [who each have an agenda and lifestyle of their own!], I still missed several sidequests and extra details that strangely nag me that I didn't use a guide and discover it all). I can't begin to understand what told me to want to be a completionist for this game. It could be that I couldn't survive the enemies without trying to feel safe with as much gear as possible, or it might lie with the reason that I came to respect the depth and narrative power put in place and it was gratifying to experience it all.It's impressive that the game generates its own interpretation of politics, war, and industry for an entirely fictional country. As the characters get wrapped in the conflicts surrounding their nation, interactions and events begin to overlap and expand, and it ends up speaking volumes about how the game is full to the brim with details that are lovingly planned. While this game is frankly very text-heavy and conversation-driven, and you should be prepared to do some reading, there are literally no unlikeable characters. I can't stress how much the dialogue writing helps characters extend beyond the simple archetypes and makes them welcome additions for the long journey. Even as a score of minor individuals pass in and out of focus in the main story, they present so many different roles of heroism, comedic relief, and mystery that I couldn't be happier in between combat learning more about them.In its final act, the sequel was practically sold to me with the multiple questions left unsolved. How a game can wrap me up in its underlying narrative makes me forget the fact I was skeptically playing a JRPG in the first place.Let TLoH:♥♥♥♥♥♥fulfill your wishes or invalidate your biases depending on which side of the fence you sit on regarding the genre, for I can faithfully say you will be pleasantly surprised.EDIT 7/19/16: Cleared up some sentence-level issues that have been bothering me and expanded some parts."
,Recommended,251150,34071141,Posted: 6 August,all,leptonic,I didn't pay enough for this.
,Recommended,251150,33128090,Posted: 2 July,all,Cneq,"I just finished this, And I have to say I had a great time!The story was really well-done and all of the characters were unique/enjoyable to watch and the Gameplay also felt really refined and fun.I have no real complaints, It was a overall great experience and well worth the money. 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,251150,31033070,Posted: 8 April,all,Orphansmith,"78 hours and I've finally finished this game. I played to the end, not necessarily because I wanted to, but so I could be as objective as possible in my review of it. This is a game that has a lot of rave reviews, but I think there should be more reviews that point out the real flaws in this game fairly.Trails in the Sky was released in 2004, so it has some interesting traits similar to the golden age of JRPGs, but it also has some modern gamer friendly mechanics. If you're a fan of 90s anime, there are a lot of aspects of the story you may enjoy, especially if you're a fan of Slayers or Bakuretsu Hunters. All encounters are visible on the screen, and you can run from just about all of them.The story is also text heavy, and while it is incredibly heavy on anime tropes, it at least tries to back up its tropes with some sober characterization. For instance, there's a bathouse scene (because of course there is), and while it ends in embarassment and high emotions, it isn't a beeline to wonton violence that's done over and over again.This is the best part, and the worst part, about Trails in the Sky FC. It's just so safe and generic, but it's slightly different enough to get people to give it a try, at least that's my theory.The main character Estelle is likable enough, but despite a few gender-specific themes that pop up in the last chapter, the game's themes are about growing up and getting stronger. Generally this story is told from the perspective of some young boy, so it's nice to see it from a woman's point of view. Having said that, Joshua her adopted brother plays an important role in the story as well, and the small interactions between the two can make up the most heartwarming aspects of the story.These are the things that people bring up when they talk about why they liked the game. And if what I wrote above interests you, and you've never played a JRPG before or never watched any anime made before 2001, then you'll most likely enjoy Trails in the Sky FC.But if not, you'll probably find the game just as grindy and mind numbingly boring as I did. The game plays it safe in every facet, only changing minor parts of the story or characters to come off as different. The game is four chapters long, but each chapter is padded with fetch quests that rely on an extensive use of backtracking. Further exacerbating the issue is the fact that combat drags on for far too long, with each little animation and spell taking 15-20 seconds per turn, and all enemies having inflated HP pools making it impossible to one hit kill most enemies. You can skip the extra-long S-Craft attacks, but everything else from spells to giving someone a healing item takes a glacial epoch compared to speedier games like Bravely Default, Persona or I am Setsuna.On top of that, there is a LOT of dialogue, not all of it necessary, and no option to increase the text speed, so you're forced to hit the B button quickly to get all of the text, but not soo quick as to skip over a line. And a lack of a chat log means if you miss a line of dialogue it's over. Not that any of the dialogue is really revolutionary or worthwhile to begin with.The trouble is The Legend of Heroes is in a class of games that includes Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest and Mother. These are heavyweight games with characters alive and enjoyable. Epic tales of adventure and drama. Trails in the Sky is like the kid in class who is comfortable only getting C's. Your companions are the busty sexy older girl with the stock haughty anime laugh, the egotistical sex-obsessed molest bro, the magic girl who may not be all she appears to be, the angry tough guy who thinks he's better than everyone and the big dumb fighter... Oh, and the little girl who joins you for a chapter and is exactly what you're picturing right now. In fact, you now know everything you need to know about the main cast.While each of these characters has a flimsy pretense for following lock-step into dated anime tropes, none of them fully pull of being genuine.Even the NPCs are exactly what they appear to be precisely when they show up on screen. Trails in the Sky is not a game that wants to surprise you. You will be able to guess exactly who is involved in the government conspiracy plot (because of course there is one) and how within the first five minutes of them being introduced. Every NPC also has a name and a continuing narrative that threads throughout each chapter, something this series is known for, but none of these stories are engaging or interesting. It's nice that the writers at Falcom sat down to make a world that's persistent, but they forgot to fill it with stories that anyone would care about.I really wanted to like this game after the praise, and it's not like there's a lot of good JRPGs around nowadays. But this is not THE game everyone makes it out to be. I think if you've only been playing JRPGs since 2005 and never got the chance to play the classic PSX and SNES titles then you'll get something out of this game, but do yourself a favor and buy an old school system and play one of those games. Or try some of the newer (post-2000) JRPGs, like Mother 3, Bravely Default or Tales of Vesperia.Or just pop in an old Record of Lodoss war VHS tape and down a bottle of Codeine. It'll have the same effect."
76561198039052067,Recommended,251150,31182970,Posted: 16 April,all,Darcorn,"Just cleared the game and although I'm a bit stunned I'll try to review it. THIS HAS BEEN THE MOST AWESOME JOURNEY I'VE EVER HAD!!! I am hopelessly hooked on the story (OH THE TWISTS). Can't wait to start the SC!!! If you're a fan of JRPGs, buy this game. You won't be disappointed. Game length was just right for me, not too short and not too long. BRILLIANT SERIES AND A BRILLIANT OPENING TO THIS TRILOGY. Just WOW!!!!"
,Recommended,251150,14400495,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,LongTimeNoSiege,"It's a great travesty that garbage like Neptunia is more highly regarded than this masterpiece.There isn't much I can say about this game that hasn't already been said. It's great. The battle system is decent, albeit very easy. The atmosphere is perfect; the game does an excellent job of capturing the feeling of an adventure of discovery, and while the story is slow-paced up until the second half, it's fitting for the tone of the game. The characters are all endearing and likable, and relatively fleshed out for their screentime. The world is absolutely one of the most detailed and believable ever presented in a videogame, with a lot of complexity and minutiae to discover. Every NPC has their own small storyline that runs parallel to the main plot, which makes the world feel so much more alive than most games where NPCs are hardly anything more than decorations. The music is relaxing and enjoyable - even the battle theme is smooth and jazzy - up until the game gets serious and it changes pace to fit that. The character interactions are absolutely fantastic and there's a lot of subtlety to the way the story and characterization is presented, especially in the foreshadowing department. All in all you're doing yourself a massive disservice if you pass this game up and consider yourself in any way to be a fan of RPGs or detailed story-based games, as the series is one of the absolute best in that department. Trails in the Sky is the weakest game in the series in terms of gameplay and the third weakest in the story and character department, but it's still an incredibly enjoyable experience. Also, the sequel is crazy ♥♥♥♥ing good."
,Recommended,251150,23699094,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,arima,Good game. Really slow at the beginning.
76561197993567839,Recommended,251150,18866079,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,vitiate,"Best RPG I've ever played. Profound attention to detail in storytelling, and a refreshingly adept translation and localization. Laugh, cry. sing and kick butt in this peerless, timeless classic. Special thanks to XSEED for making this possible when no one else had the guts to!"
,Recommended,251150,11475620,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,YoRHa Unit J6,"Pretty much the almost near perfect JRPG of my Dreams.Pros:Talking to NPC are pretty enjoy seeing the Hero Interact with them.Smooth Hybrid Classic style Battle System (don't expect to Mash ATK and win).Godlike Music.Story Characters each have some kind of flare to them making them pretty lovable.A very wonderful looking environment.$20 for this game? Hella Cheap.Cons:It's a really old Game that is release in 2014 might not appeal to Newer Gen of JRPG players.Text can get a lil mashed together or gets too Small.SC isn't released yet nor if there a hint of a US TT to complete this series.At times it does have a lot of useless dialogue that can drag on a cut sence.IMPORTANT SIDE NOTE: (Crashing Game Bug)This games does crash a lot when you try to do any sort of shopping or Leaving a BuildingI ran many Test I recommend using from the Default setting just setting only the ""Shadow Quality"" to the Lowest setting by far I played the game without much problems(Don't get your hopes up). But, that doesn't mean that XSEED should not fix this."
76561198004236852,Recommended,251150,11467847,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Zaku,"Hey guys, writing this review in the time of Winter 2013™ to say that this game is an excellent JRPG.I really can't wait for Summer 2014™ to come so I can get to play the Second Chapter!"
,Recommended,251150,13874225,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,General StarBurner,"ALRIGHT, I HAVE TIME TO WRITE A REVIEW.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is a fantastic example of a JRPG that doesn't follow the final fantasy model of rpgs while still holding onto remanents of it. I've always been a big fan of position-based RPGS, although lacked skill in playing them. What I meant earlier that it still held remanents of the model is that positioning is just a way of balancing weapon range, arts (might as well be called magic), and speed. This makes the game feel like a traditional JRPG although the gameplay is completely different, which makes this game a whole lot better in my opinion.When I first started the game, there were two surprises that I wasn't expecting. One was the great design of the GUI overlay, and the second was the graphics. Simply put, the graphics in this game are initially off-putting. As soon as I saw the low poly count of props, I was immediately reminded of PSP games emulated on the PC. Low and behold, this was a PSP conversion over to PC. However, what it makes up in low poly count props and pixelated walls are HD character pictures and fairly well done character models. I'd say the latter was more important in terms of graphics, since I quickly got used to the environmental graphics. The visuals of the games are one of the only small cons that I saw in this game, so it was no big deal.The overarching storyline is pretty good. Two ""bracers"" (basically adventurers) end up setting off on a journey in solving Liberal's (the country) problems, and meet many companions/enemies along the way. There's alot of character development going on between every character interaction, keeping me intrigued to the plotline at all times. There are moments of tensity, sorrow, and laughter. I only see a problem in the classic ""deus ex machina"" in alot of scenarios (if you've played the game, you know what I'm talking about). Overall, plot is very good and intriguing but I find it would be more compelling without the sudden ""I actually had a trump card all along!"" points.The battle system, as in all JRPGs, are what takes the cake. The customizability of each character is insane, with hundreds of combinations possible. The game even gives you a BOOK that has 3 pages  which tells you what combination of orbments make what spells. Attacking is very simple, reminding me more of final fantasy than fire emblem, and keeps the gameplay easy to learn yet still involve a measurable amount of skill. My only complaint is that monster patterns are limited and repetitive after fighting several battles in the same area (which is probably why you can avoid them, but sometimes it's needed to fight for XP/items). Otherwise, I loved the traveling/battle system greatly over ""walk a certain amount of steps before reaching another random encounter"" system. I could go into greater detail of the battle system, but you'd learn it anyway if you just play the damn game.The biggest issue I found playing this game was compatibility. It took me half a hour to search up solutions to why this game would crash immediately after running at first. This game should at least include a help/FAQ compartment inside that gives off solutions, since I believe not all gamers know of ""forums"". Nonetheless, this game is worthwhile if you ever get it to run. Highly recommend buying it. It's 50+ hours of addictive content, with additional playtime if you want to get every achievement. Now one of my favorite JRPGs I've ever played."
76561198002750569,Recommended,251150,11467162,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,LazyVista,Stop reading this and just buy the dam game.
76561197972715111,Recommended,251150,14134069,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,SamuraiJesus,Really slow to start but this game really pays off. It's combat is unique and it's story is very deep with a large cast of characters. Worth the price! Check it out!
,Recommended,251150,20638973,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,WaferTV,"A great JRPG, it's a hidden gem in its genre. My girlfriend recommended me to play it, and it was worth the time!"
76561198033604792,Recommended,251150,22485569,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Meeg,"The best JRPG I’ve played since Chrono Trigger.SETTING: Trails in the Sky takes place in a fantasy world where people travel around in airships and enjoy many modern conveniences thanks to the development of crystal-based Orbal technology.  The story begins on the eve of the Queen’s birthday celebration, 10 years after the kingdom’s last big war.  When I started the game, I actually thought this setting didn’t sound particularly interesting (airships remind me of the SNES Final Fantasy), but the story soon sucked me in.  Trails in the Sky is a big game, over the course of which you have a wide world to explore.  And yet each town and location has its own distinct flavor: it never feels like “oh here’s another stop off point with an inn and a weapon shop.  The history and backstory revealed over the course of the game is also more interesting than I thought it would be.STORY: It’s also a long game (and this is just Part I), but—once things really get started—you’re pushed on by a compelling narrative.  In the main story, there’s never any backtracking, padding or enforced level grinding; it’s more like you finish one big mission only to be confronted with a new emergency.  The story contains some great twists and defied my genre-based expectations.  For example, you might think you’d be chasing down those Sky Bandits you hear about throughout the whole game, but by the end of the first chapter you’ve moved on to face new intrigue.  You’re also arrested at some point, and I thought “Oh, here comes the part where you need to break out of prison” but things resolve themselves differently.CHARACTERS: The setting and plot are great, but the key to a good story is always the characters.  And Trails in the Sky is populated with a memorable cast of characters.  There are the heroes: at the start of the game Estelle is sort of a headstrong tomboy and Joshua, her adopted brother whose past (before their father took him in) is a mystery, takes things more seriously and is a bit of a goody-two-shoes.  Some of the best parts in the game are the “down time” moments where we see Estelle and Joshua grow as characters, learn about their family’s history and watch their relationship evolve.  There are also plenty of memorable secondary characters; even many who play only a minor role are given a distinct personality.  Some may be a little cartoonish (playing Trails in the Sky is a bit like being in the middle of a good anime), others start out seeming like caricatures but later reveal more depth.COMBAT AND GAMEPLAY: The combat system is mostly what you’d expect in a JRPG.  There are a few elements that stuck out for me, such as the fact that players and opponents (basically) occupy places on a grid and you sometimes need to factor in distance and how far you can move in a turn.  You can also strategically plan your actions to make the most of bonuses that are tied to specific turns.  The biggest element is the use of battle quartzes that you either find or have crafted: these determine which arts (magic spells, basically) each character will have in her arsenal as well as giving bonuses.  You have only a limited number of slots so you have to make choices, and the ways you’ll use each character in combat will differ a lot based on which quartz you give them.  Another element that stood out for me are the Recipes: instead of just buying heal potions, you can learn a number of different recipes and (combining items you get from killing monsters with ingredients you buy from the general store) you can make various food items that each restore a certain amount of health, cure different abnormal conditions (e.g. being poisoned) and may even give you some sort of boost.  I spent a lot of time learning recipes and cooking things.GRAPHICS, SOUND, MUSIC: Basically, on the high end of what you’d expect from a JRPG.  For the most part nothing to write home about, but every so often there'll be a visual sequence that stands out (e.g. looking out over the waterfalls or exploring the royal castle).TRANSLATION AND LOCALIZATION: Excellent.  Almost without exception, the English dialogue sounds totally natural.  If I were to nitpick, there are a couple of places where I think culturally specific elements could have been dealt with a bit better (mostly the flamboyant character getting called a pervert—but, eh, he is sort of a pervert).CRITICISMPACING/SIDE QUESTS: Having said all that, the game can be slow in parts if you try to complete all the optional side quests and find all the chests containing special items.  These are optional, but doing these jobs is part of your duties as a Bracer.  Some are interesting, but later on many seem repetitive.  Some also have a, not entirely transparent, time limit for completion.  Because of this I seemed to fail one in each town (there are also hidden side quests).  The time limit can be particularly frustrating as—main story wise—you are simultaneously being told, “We need to get to X right away.”  In other words, unless you ignore the false sense of urgency you can miss the deadline to complete some jobs.QUARTZ/ARTS SYSTEM: Figuring out which quartz you need and which order to put them in in order to get specific arts is complicated and I never really got the hang of it.NON-LETHAL K.O.: The game specifies that when HP reaches 0 you’re only K.O.’d and not actually dead (which, thank goodness, because I’ve had to revive characters a number of times), but Trails in the Sky does have some of those frustrating moments of “ludonarrative dissonance” where you defeat some important opponents (all of them are K.O.’d) only to have them escape out the window to fight another day or (even more egregious) refuse to cooperate and act like they can still take you on again(!).  Yes, this is a convention of the genre and in MOST cases it’s justified in service of the story, but it’s a pet peeve of mine.CONCLUSION: Those are the only things I can find to criticize and they’re minor points.  In general, this game is great fun.  I see myself replaying it sooner or later in order to find all the secrets I missed out on the first time around.  Especially if you find this on sale, don’t hesitate to snag it!  If you like JRPG at all you will not regret the purchase!"
76561198060932732,Recommended,251150,20130498,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,myhr2,"What a game. I'm a huge J-RPG fan, it's my favorite genre by far, but, as in every category, J-RPGs can be vastly different one from another.This is an ""old-school"" J-RPG, where the emphasis is put on the characters and the story, with a servicable battle system (that gets more interesting in higher difficulties, but not the main focus), and I must say, it might rely here and there on well-known ""tropes"", but the quality of writing and the way things are told is nothing short of perfect.So, if you like J-RPGs for their memorable stories and characters, hop aboard! Trails in the Sky takes its time, it's a slow start, but for all the building that is presented through the game, there is always a pay-off, and a great one.DO NOTE that this game ends on a cliffhanger, and that its sequel, Trails in the Sky Second Chapter, begins right after this one finishes. In more than one way, they are one really big game divided in two for development reasons (and not for some cash-grab). That being said, it has become one of my favorite J-RPG of all times, along titles like Suikoden 2, Final Fantasy 6 and the likes."
,Recommended,251150,30227940,Posted: 27 February,all,Cloydcag,"By far one of the best games I played in 2016. I only wish I wouldn't have waited so long to start it. I've owned this two separate times for Sony PSP, but never started it. Only after playing a few hours into Trails of Cold Steel did I get the ""Trails"" bug and felt I needed to know more about the world Falcom has created for us. Memorable characters, great stroyline, fantastic character interaction. I'm 25 hours into Trails in the Sky SC and can't wait for 3rd to come out this spring. My biggest wish is that we finally get Trails of Azure, and Trails of Zero. This game is a ""must play."""
,Recommended,251150,25451940,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,THECapedCaper,"This game is perfect for those trying to scratch that JRPG itch. It's not too difficult (even on Hard mode), has wonderful story telling, and the graphics have aged...wellish. The combat is tons of fun as well, utilizing tactics in simple encounters and even in boss fights. I think there are times that it can be a little ""busy"" with all the sidequesting and hidden secrets to find, but that's part of the charm for these kinds of games. Can't wait to play SC!"
76561198069339880,Recommended,251150,34004433,Posted: 3 August,all,Arbiter515,"Trails in the Sky is a JRPG developed by Nihon Falcom as the 6th game in the Legend of Heroes series, and the 1st of the Trails sub series. Trails in the Sky features a foster sibling duo of Estelle and Joshua Bright traveling around their country of Liberl, working as ""Bracers"" (their world equivalent of jack of all trade mercenaries) during their travels they will interact with a wide variety of characters. As you travel Liberl, you'll find that despite the generic npc models on most non central characters. That Liberl's citizens are unique, living their own lives. With dialog that updates following each plot advancement. Braces work will have you performing a variety of tasks; from slaying monsters, to escorting key persons, to helping a bizarre women find her cat. Along with the game having an intense attention to detail, you'll find that a majority of side quests you undertake will tie into the main narrative. A bonus is that characters will react to you in the rest of the Sky trilogy based on your actions here. When you aren't filling your time with side quests or traveling Liberl's locales, you'll be fighting. Combat places your 4 characters in grid based action where you can; strike with a weapon, use arts (magic), Crafts (character skills), items, or run. Combat as far as the first game goes is simple but engaging. The game does strongly hint to its sequel, but the rest of the trilogy is readily available on steam at this point, so I feel it's non-issue. And just in case you're not convinced yet, there is a book that teaches you how to speak in cat dialect."
,Recommended,251150,28857446,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bootleg DuckDynasty Byeah Batman,"One of the most beautifully design JRPGs out there. Was skeptical at first, but the art style grew on me, the story was captivating, the battle system fun and engaging, and the music fantastics. Would recommend to anyone first starting JRPGs or experienced veterans."
,Recommended,251150,24008143,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,AdamantSpartan,"From the SC description:""The Legend of Heroes Series Continues…The tale of Estelle and Joshua concludes in this engaging narrative twice the size of its predecessor.""*looks at hours played*Oh boy."
76561198076234388,Recommended,251150,20823737,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Stef,"I am a person who rather play than read and/or watch.Do understand few things: not to brag, but I've played many, MANY JRPGS and plot-heavy games through my life. Some even helped me decide my life's decision. After the first chapter of the game, I can easily tell/guess the coming plot. It is almost too easy to guess what's coming. That itself usually puts a -10 in my books, because the plot twists are no longer a twist...it's something expected.However....This....this story... It got me so hooked onto it that I laughed and smiled at the accomplishments of the characters, and cried tears of joy during happy times; and not forgetting, the sad tears I have gushing out from my eyes when it is at the end. The way the characters developed, the pure honest to goodness emotions that is overflowing from the characters, warms my heart.Gameplay:Simple, easy enough for beginner gamers to adapt, and nightmare difficulty for those maniacs. In other words, easy to learn but hard to master. 8/10Story:........ 10/10Character Development:....... 9.5/10Graphics:Old school styled. Not really high end, but that makes it more accessible for most people. 7/10Game Logic:There's tons of magic and high leaping around... but yet again this is a fantasy world so.... 7/10For those who wants immerse and entertain themselves for 50+ hours, 10/10 get it.For those who wants to improve their gaming's strategic sense, 9/10 get it, and play on nightmare."
76561198013541080,Recommended,251150,25063437,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Arch,"I'm a huge JRPG fan and grew up during that golden age, SNES & PS1 era. I've played a ton since then. Some were good, some were meh, but Trails in the Sky is one of the only JRPGs that I REALLY enjoyed since the SNES-PS1 era. It actually feels like a PS1 game, but with crisper graphics. It has everything that I miss about JRPGs, a good slow burning story, great character development, turn based combat, and an amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,251150,25277045,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,hubcap92,"Classic RPG feel. The combat system is unique, fun, and not too difficult to get the hang of. The customization of the characters is pretty good. The characters themselves are wonderful, and the dialouge and story are the best things about the game. Definitely sets up the next game, feels more like a long prologue to a much more over-arching story. One of the best RPGs I've played."
,Recommended,251150,16540587,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,PvtRyan,"This game is absolutely wonderful, and I'll enumerate why it's great, but there are several really good reasons to not buy it if they apply to you.Don't buy the game if:>You don't like to read a lot of dialogue>You expect to 100% the game without a guide>You want a plot that's exciting and stuffed full of action throughout>You don't want to wait for ""the summer of 2013"" for XSEED to localize the Second Chapter (sequel)Getting past all of that (which is easy if you have any manner of patience), you've got a really nice, quaint JRPG with SRPG elements like battle placement. The plot is simple, engaging, and well-crafted, but it really hooks you in because of its characters. If you take a few seconds to open yourself up to the characters, you'll find that they're really quite extensively shaped through the game's dialogue. The two protagonists are both fleshed out nicely and work very believably together. The combat systems are fairly robust, and the orbal system (by which you gain the ability to use spells and get some passive buffs) is done well, even though these systems really start to shine in the game's sequel/second chapter.The PC port of this game (it was originally a PSP game, as I recall) is extremely efficient. Toasters and microwaves could run this game easily. Many standard options for PC versions of games that you'd expect are there, and the controls for the game give you enough control to play the game with no trouble at all; most of the time you could play the game with one hand if you rebind all your keys for use near WASD (or you can control the game entirely with your mouse).If you're one of those weenies that cares about your JRPGs being too tropey or whatever, you don't really have to worry about that. There's nothing that's gonna ruffle your delicate feathers in this game, and it's really not anything you'd see in a cheap anime. There are a few elements borrowed from culture at large and some clever extrapolation can get you figuring out some of the twists before they happen, but you're mostly going to be in the dark.Expect a cliffhanger ending, since the game is and always has been part of a planned trilogy. Completing the game, however, is still quite satisfying, and I really do think that most fans of the JRPG and SRPG genres will quite like this game. I CERTAINLY did."
76561198049957238,Recommended,251150,24419113,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Nightmare Marine(Ghost),"This game is one of the greatest games i have played in a long time its has a very great story if you would like a good rpg with a good story this is it, the hole story of each area many scenes and parts that play a part in this game are amazing you meet so many Characters to meet and see its amazing, if you liked this game you must see about getting the sequel its the second chapter but only get it once you have beaten this one"
,Recommended,251150,32193558,Posted: 5 June,all,RavajeJo,One of my all time favorites J-RPG and probably the only one I've actually finished.
76561197994765502,Recommended,251150,32737386,Posted: 24 June,all,kie8,"The pace of the game start pretty slowly and a bit boring at first, to introduce you to the world and the characters. After the introduction chapters the game pick up completely and turns into an epic tale! It's one of the best game stories I've ever played.Also great combat system and OST."
76561197990685377,Recommended,251150,12359388,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,CoachDrak,"One of the best JRPG's i have played for years. I used to be a major fan of the genre but the massproduced ""streamlined"" gameplay of more recent versions of it have hardened my heart. This one is a throwback a truly interesting reminder of what the genre can actually be."
76561198100167304,Recommended,251150,18865883,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Endersider,"A beautiful game that I do not think any amount of words can describe how good it actually is. You really grow to love the in depth and well thought out characters. The story is amazing and I was surprised as the idea of it seemed rather repetitive, however it is executed in a way that means that the players never get bored. I am currently starting my second playthrough of it and all ready I am starting to remember how amazing it was. The ending is beautiful and I cannot wait for the sequel to be released on pc. The only other thing I can really say now is just buy it and play it. You will not regret your decision at all."
76561198146642481,Recommended,251150,22845760,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MouseFlaps,"Best game I ever read!Seriously, this game is fun and not very tough, so if you like family-friendly storyline, quirky humor, and reading a lot, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,251150,11545583,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Mauricio_Magus,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky finally comes to Steam! If you're into JRPGs then you need to play it.Amazing music, writing, characters, and a story you won't forget. Trails in the Sky is simply awesome.Trails in the Sky is the first game in an epic saga that's still going strong in Japan, so buy it and support the localization of more games of the series, believe me, you don't want to miss out on this one."
,Recommended,251150,24734862,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Aliased,"The legend of heroes isn't action packed, or fast paced.  It isn't particularly innovative either.  Where this game shines is in the well-paced an believable character growth, and the attention to every small detail in it's many superbly written stories within the story."
,Recommended,251150,11964249,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Nagare,"Glad this was brought back out, just as fun and addictive as I thought it would be.The story is wonderful and the characters are entertaining, would recommend."
76561197967344906,Recommended,251150,22283411,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[SB] Tsuska,"Super Short Review:A good 'traditional' JRPG with good story telling, characters, world and rpg gameplay. The RPG elements are simplistic and can get repetitive at times however different characters have some variable abilities and thus strategies. Overall this is a good first part in a 3 part series but it isn't anything mind blowing."
,Recommended,251150,24944967,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Taki,This game is worth your time if your wondering to buy it or not
76561198076126139,Recommended,251150,24749974,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,24HourRevengeTherepy,This is some real good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,251150,12007300,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,LozLockhart,"After completing this game without any spoilers of any kind i can say without a shadow of a doubt, it is the best game i have played during my life. The story, the characters, the development of said characters, the gameplay, the humour, the amazing OST, the beautiful art style... This game is a true masterpiece. I am writing this moments after finishing chapter one and was litterally begging for chapter 2. If you must play any RPG game in your life, this is it. Invest the time to play this gem and you shall not be disappointed."
,Recommended,251150,11684219,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,sarysa,"I never knew Nihon Falcom had an RPG series other than Ys, but I'm glad I tried this one out. While Ys tends to be more action and less story, this one is the polar opposite. While various elements of this game are reminiscent of the Tales series games, the storyline of this first chapter is incredibly detailed. It's the kind of storyline where you feel like the writers thought of everything. Any plot holes that may exist are minor but the conversation itself is intelligent, thoughtful, and thought provoking...while maintaining a good balance between the serious and the farcical.The music has an interesting mix of jazz, classical, and folk elements and it all comes together quite nicely.All that aside, the ""Story Rich"" tag is an understatement -- I don't think I've seen any RPG with the Story:Gameplay ratio of this game, even if you include Tales games' skits. (and Final Fantasy tends to drop the storyline around the third act -- this game does not) As a result, the gameplay is a bit simplistic and underdeveloped...but it's not hair pullingly difficult either. The AI in general seems extremely simple and easy to manipulate to score cheap victories in the tougher battles. If your dark secret is that you only play RPGs for the story, it's worth grabbing this title."
,Recommended,251150,11573692,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Yagami Kyo,"Do you like RPGs? Well, lucky you.♥♥♥♥♥♥(best name ever) is one of, if not the best, RPG you can find in Steam.Great and memorable characters, a grand (but kind of slow) story. A big world for you to explore. It is the game in which even treasure chests have dialogue. What other game does that? Ah, and Olivier. You will love that blonde trobadour.Good gameplay mechanics, very good music. And a sequel coming soon for that ending. Have I mentioned Olivier?Cons are the list of bug and crashes, which are being worked on while I write this; the lack of the Monster Guide, which should be added soon; the fact that the Second Chapter is not here yet.Let's hope XSEED brings the rest of the series to Steam. Yes, it is THAT good of a series.NOW, GO BUY THIS GAME. AND GIVE IT AS PRESENT FOR ALL YOUR FRIENDS.PRAISE EIDOSPS: Ooops, it's Aidios in the translated version :P"
76561197975172433,Recommended,251150,15925469,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Castiel,"What started off as a nostalgic trip down memory lane for the JRPGs of the old days turned out to be something far greater than I'd imagined.  While it may look aged, under the hood you'll find quite the competent RPG game with easily over 40 hours of gameplay.The true strength of this game lies in its story and amazing attention to detail, which while starting off VERY slow - is definitely worth getting through towards the later chapters as it ends up being one of the best written stories I've had the pleasure to play through, I am eagerly awaiting the 2nd chapter!"
76561198009313381,Recommended,251150,18851921,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,hell-dew,"One of the greatest stories ive ever experianced in a game. This game is slow as heck off the start. the story isnt nearly as grand in scale as most games and its far slower paced then pretty much any RPG ive ever played. There is WAAAAAY more focus on story then combat. that said however the world is rich and full of life. NPCs are literally more intresting then full blown characters in other games out there. So many interconnected stories going on in the background the world building is astounding and the raw amount of text is totally insane if you dont like reading avoid this now. People change what they say after every tiny little story progression point and conections are facinating and a lot of fun to piece together from little everyday things to much grander things happening around you The world truely feels alive.In terms of combat its a mix of SRPG into a Turn based game. I really enjoy the effects meter next to the turn order so you can actaully tell when for instance ""a random critical hit"" is gonna happen and you can break the turn order so you can steal that crit for your team which is intresting and the craft system combine with ""EP (basically mana or SP in any other game). its not the best combat system out there but its different and its fun.the actual main plot takes its sweet time building up. if you have low patence or a bad attention span i wouldnt bother. If you are the type of person who can invest into something you will get a crazy well written story out of it. the writting style is much slower but its very steady. This game wont always be throwing plot points at you but its building upon the overall plot and when the plot twist happen oh my god.In terms of structure this game reminds me of the old SNES RPGs in terms of how it feels. take that design idea and push it foward i always found newer RPGs just dont have the magic that a lot of older SNES RPGs had but this took that feel to newer era of game design. Even the music it just has many tracks you can hum a long to as you walk down roads their memerable and sound amazing.Would I recemend it well if your intrested heck yeah. Its not a game for everyone but if this sounds like your cup of tea its bloody fantastic. and Xseed and Falcom are both awesome for making this happen and deserve the support Xseed is an awesome localization company that is true to their fans and you can talk to them on forums even and Falcom is a godlike game developer that just cares and does so many things right its crazy."
,Recommended,251150,19506345,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DON AXOLOTL,"It's one of those JRPG you actually play for the plot and characthers, and not for boobs."
,Recommended,251150,11518206,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Eternal川普,"Warning: If you play this game you might not be able to enjoy another jrpg of inferior quality ever again.Trails in the Sky is the first chapter in Nihon Falcom's long running Kiseki series. This JRPG has you follow brother and sister Estelle and Joshua as they embark on a grand adventure across the country of Liberl searching for their missing father while uncovering a secret conspiracy.This game features rich world building and a great attention to detail. All of your party members have such unique and interesting personalities that you'll be nicely immersed in the character development also. Falcom JDK Band's soundtrack once again takes center stage with comfortable music that makes you feel like you're right next to Estelle and Joshua as they trek the roads of Liberl.Combat is pretty fun too. With magic needing one turn to channel in this game, turn advancement and turn stealing become main focuses during battle. Nothing is more satisfying than your AoE magic landing on a critical turn bonus and wiping the entire enemy horde. My favorite part of the game mechanic has to be the Orbment system. Each character has a combat watch called the Orbment that you can outfit Gems, called Quartz, with. You generate spells by placing Quartz in a line and racking up elemental counts. I just love fidding with the Orbment to see what type of spells I can generate by different placement of Quartz.This game is all about being comfortable. With 100% escape rate against normal enemies, you are not required to fight every single foe you see (which is a plus too because this game does not have random encounter). You can skip most enemies if you like and get to the heartwarming slice of life main cutscenes. You can play the entire game with just a mouse too. Just relax and enjoy the story.Trails in the Sky is a solid JRPG with great world building, character development, and music. By the time you reach the ending you will beg for the heartwarming conclusion in Trails in the Sky Second Chapter with mind nukes, betrayals, happenings, and fateful confrontations along the way. You must play SC after this as the two games make up for one complete story."
,Recommended,251150,16805636,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Subject Infinite,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the sky is perhaps the most complete, detailed, fully realised game worlds I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing in my 15+ years of PC gaming. It also gave me strong vibes of the first Studio Ghibli film, Castle in the sky (a movie I very much enjoyed).The worldbuilding geek in me marvelled at the attention paid to the politics of the nations, the lore, character histories and motivations and the sheer epic scale of the adventure I undertook. The storytelling is truly excellent, with, different aspects of the story being developed in different parts and places. There'll be things that happen in the beginning of the game which are very much relevant to the endgame and they sort of surprise you when they crop back up again. I guess you could say there are layers to the storytelling.The characters were another very strong aspect of Legend of Heroes. Each character has their own story and motivations, and as I did quests with the various characters, I found myself bonding with them too. The attention to detail really pleased me, one can go to random corners of cities and talk to random people in their houses and they'll have their bit to say, and the characters around them will also be involved in the dialogue too. They have no bearing on the main story at all - or even any of the side quests yet all these details are there. There isn't a character or NPC in the game that doesn't have a name or some dialogue for them to say.The turn based combat is fun, and very strategic. How you equip your characters is very important in determining the dynamics of your battle and how your characters synergise (or otherwise) in battle. You can also organise the combat order, weapons and orbment powers.Graphically the game is OK, but seeing as the windows version was originally released in 2004, and this is an old school JRPG, there's really not a whole lot to expect in terms of fancy in game graphics. The rendered-scene art style is nice, however. Some of the dialogue can be a little weird at times, but I chalk that up to it being a Japanese game and there being a bit of a cultural divide, and possibly the case of some things simply not translating well.The game works really well, with only one very minor glitch encountered in my playthrough of ~54hrs (and I didn't even finish all the bracer quests) - and it was easy to work around it. I played this using a dualshock 4 controller and had no issues accessing all the menus and playing the game seamlessly.There is simply so much depth to this game in terms of combat mechanics, worldbuilding, lore and characters that I was as immersed in this game, nay moreso immersed, than I have been in most modern AAA 3D titles, despite the core game itself being over a decade old. The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the sky absolutely has my recommendation, particularly for fans of world-building, fantasy and good storytelling. Now someone please hurry up and translate chapter 2!"
76561198041798621,Recommended,251150,13339391,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,vasuden,"This is one of those games where I would be willing to buy the sequal as soon as it's available, instead of waiting for a sale."
76561198052983021,Recommended,251150,16751903,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,jvgocavs_2000,"""Trails in the Sky"" is a truly special Japanese RPG from Falcom, with all of the classic turn based goodness and none of the bloat that can at times make the genre tedious.  You play as a pair of young adventures who set out across a vast continent to explore and help those in need.  Things slowly escalate into a story of friendship, love, betrayal, espionage with of course lots of monsters.  This is the first game of ""The Legend of Heroes trilogy"".  The other two are still being localized for English audiences (due out 2015/2016).  It’s taken a while to translate due to the incredibly vast amount of text in each game.  This is great if you love a good story, but you will have to be willing to read a lot, there is no voice acting to be found.  However if you stick with it you will be rewarded with a memorable yarn.Graphically the game is dated (2004) but still very enjoyable, very bright and vivid, and the lovely sound track really compliments the visuals.  Game play is a refined and polished turn based affair with attacks, magic, special moves and a fair sized casts of unique characters to try out in battle.  There is also a gem system that allows you to customize your characters magic as you see fit.  All foes are present on screen (no random battles) and you can save at any time (not just at check points).  Plenty of side quests to complete and special loot to find make “Legend of Heroes"" very addicting for the JRPG crowd.  Overall ""Trails in the Sky"" is one of the crown jewels of the JRPG genre this century, a must play for JRPG fans and worth a play for anyone who likes to dabble in the genre on occasion, and it plays great with a gamepad."
,Recommended,251150,22769035,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,dev,"honestly i'm torn between putting a legitimate review here, or something along the lines of ""it's okay, i guess.""but i think the amount of hours recorded- on top of the fact that i've bought, and have been playing this same game (and its sequel) on my ps vita- speaks for itself.would i recommend it?well, obviously."
,Recommended,251150,11527635,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Professor Prinny,"One of the most underrated JRPGs I've ever come across and it still holds up today considering this is a 2004 game.I remember back years ago when I played the PSP port of this game and loved it so much that I hoped the second game in the trilogy would get a translation but alas it was not meant to be until years later when news came that it'll be released nearer the end of 2014 or early 2015.TLoH: Trails in the Sky is a starter course type of game before the main dish is served which in this case is Second Chapter and I'd mostly recommend this to anyone who is curious about the game, a lover of story heavy JRPGs or to people who have previously played the game to refresh their memories of the events that occur in this game before SC hits us like a storm."
76561197994534806,Recommended,251150,11466948,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Matthew,"Played this to the end on the PSP and loved it loads. If you want a JRPG with an incredible story, this game is the best. One of the best soundtracks i've heard in a game as well, it fits the game/scenes so well. Combat starts off very slow n dull, but it picks up a load once you start getting reasonable amounts of quartz to properly utilise your orbment slots."
,Recommended,251150,31523333,Posted: 3 May,all,ThreedayS,"Considering the large amount of Falcom fans in China, I urge XSEED to add the Chinese language onCertainly the copyright in China region had already be sold to native company...but you know Singapore also regard Chinese as one of their offical woring language...Sorry for my  poor English."
,Recommended,251150,14657282,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Epsilon,"Like a good story? Play this game.The story in this game is awesome. I don't even care that the characters fit with some of your typical RPG tropes - they're likeable, the dialogue feels natural, and the writing is funny.The ending is... well. I won't even describe it, except to say that it's awesome and leaves you wanting more. This -is- the first chapter in a series of three, but if you're going for full completion (I highly recommend a walkthrough - there are a ton of Guide Dang It moments,) you should still get 40+ hours worth of playtime out of it.Like good gameplay? I don't care - play this game for the story.Okay, okay, the gameplay isn't actually bad...The tactical combat is interesting, and the combination of easy knockback and non-immediate spellcasting makes for some interesting strategy. At the same time, it's not so detailed that it gets tedious - if you're equipped well enough and have the healing items to spare for after battle, you -can- just steamroll the encounters. It's not as good as say, FFT:A, but it's neat enough to be entertaining."
76561198063827791,Recommended,251150,20579461,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ceelo Bakugo,"Great game!Great story!!!Recommended for those who miss classic RPG's!!!Has good action, jokes and emotional scenes as well.The part 2 continues from where this ends off, so if you dopurchase this game, be sure to get the other one as well!9/10"
,Recommended,251150,13649342,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nobaddy,rad game
,Recommended,251150,29577274,Posted: 29 January,all,Patch,"TL;DR: This is a good game. 7.5/10This game is love-hate. It can be fun, and the story is pretty good. They do use almost every JRPG cliche in the book(She was a X this whole time. X secretly feels this way about X. X has no idea that X is a blahblah'ing blah blah)BUT it is a good story. It is text-based. You're going to read. You're going to read alot. Sometimes it's irritating the amount of text you need to go through in order for the story to advance. When the characters are acting as if it's really urgent to go somewhere, or do something, what do they do? They stand and talk for five to ten minutes.I probably sound like I hate this game. I really don't. It's a good game with alot of things that could turn people off. If you have ADHD like I, it might be hard to keep focus. The classic turn-based system is awesome. It pays homage to classic RPG's and I only found it boring when it came to early-game grinding. In fact, for me the game got gradually easier on hard difficulty. At times the story really got me. Trails In The Sky is no ""To The Moon"" but it is a decent story that gives you a perfect reason to play the Second Chapter. Recommended for JRPG fans.... but watch out for words, there's a lot of them.White Gehenna and Stone Wall....Use those ones"
76561198018560281,Recommended,251150,16665308,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Drum_Slinger,"From The Developers Of Ys Comes An Incredible RPG Packed With A Very Well Written Storyline And Dialogue Combined With A Very Fun And Basic Battle System. This Is Hands Down The Best JRPG I've Played In A Very Long Time And I Cannot Wait For The Second Chapter To Be Released On Steam.-Edit from 2017.Recently played through the game again and its still a masterpiece, heck the game was even better on my second run through. Can't reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,251150,30235815,Posted: 27 February,all,Ikarrus,"Pretty awesome, although some combat segments can drag on a bit.It's a more grounded and humble journey of adventurers-in-training, which I really appreciate as opposed to all the end-of-the-world epics you see a lot of these days."
,Recommended,251150,13001917,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zeemond,"Great little rpg gem, puts emphasis on story and characters, rather than on combat mechanics. More than likely a must play for rpg fans. The game is a great experience. It is a port from PSP but a good one. The combat feels like a classic jrpg, but uses a grid akin to a tactic rpg. It is rarely relevant in actual gameplay as i found out, but can be used for some deepet strategy elements.-Lost"
76561198060398961,Recommended,251150,12938416,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ImmaPEON,Very good game that keeps you playing for the entire day
,Recommended,251150,21343341,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ZxcvnbM,"I've been having doubts wether to get this or not, and i regret that i didn't get it earlier.I am a huge JRPG fan, i've played almost all of the FFs, Legend of Dragoons, Chrono trigger, Chrono cross, and i'm sure glad that i found this game. It could match up with those awesome games."
,Recommended,251150,11972733,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,MONSIEUR CUM,"A very good JRPG (lacking genre on PC)The good:The story, even if slow to begin, is captivating.Characters are charming and you get attached to themCombat is fun and you don't have to grindNPC's have a TON of things to say (ie after certain events, they will talk about it)The bad:Graphics are dated. But the art style still is charmingBuying this game is a no brainer, support the developper (Falcom) and publisher (XSEED)."
76561198041717229,Recommended,251150,11673942,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,redtail,"As most have said, you like JRPG's ? buy this!  So they can bring more over! anyway onto the review!Im going to start of with saying that if you dont like reading this game is not for you, there is a crap ton of reading involved.  That being said though it is extremely good writing and well worth your time.Characters:  There are the 2 main characters Estelle and Joshua Bright,  they are highly entertaining and good interactions with each other and the world.  Estelle is a dive in head first type of girl but not to the point of annoyance and Joshua in calm, collective and analytical.  You have there mentor Schezzard (I think thats how you spell it) who is nick-named the Silver streak, highly regarded in the guild but has a drinking problem.  There is the confident romantic who thinks hes smooth but is just cheesy and a bunch of other characters that are all very well developed and likable.  Due to the perfect amount of character development these people are a delight to watch and interact with.I give them an 8/10 points are deducted because lack of originality (the same type of chars can be found all over the place many not as well done though)Story:  Ah the story is a masterpeice IMO, it is a little slow paced but thats how I like it, but its not because of it originality but because of how its told.  You can read the latest issue of the news to learn about current events, you can speak with NPC's to learn more about history and day to day problems in thier lives.  There are also conspiracies and political mumbo jumbo. After every major plot point the NPC dialogue changes Now I havent said anything about the actual story because I beleive you should experience for yourselfs.  9/10 I deducted a point for reasons I shall later explain.Gameplay:  Gameplay is.. ok, its fun but nothing new and is pretty easy for any vertran JRPG players.  I would recermend this to new people of the genre as a good starting point.  To start with you have an overworld which has a minimap, monsters and points of interest (chests and quest items mostly).  The minimap is pretty straightforward if shows shops, inns, entrance/exits and other good stuff.  Monsters can be engaged by touching them and you can find chests around the place, Pro-tip always check chests a second time.Combat is held after engaging a monster and transitioning to a battlefield, there are tiles in which you navagate to hit enemys and so on.  You have several type of moves you can use, a basic attack,  art which is essentially magic and S-craft.  All are usefull and essential to the game, for more info on these please read the wiki.  The combat overall is fun but nothing groundbreaking.  7/10 for gameplay because its not what makes me want to play the game but it doesnt dicourage me from playing.Overall I give this game a 8/10, it fun, has a very entertaining plot and the chests... the frigen chests make me smile :)Sorry for all spelling mistakes I have never been good at it and thankyou for reading my review (my first review :D)"
76561198039849948,Recommended,251150,25406841,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Eggnog Mk-II,"This game is by far one of the better JRPG's I have played in a long time. The build and structure of this game reminds me of the good old Grandia and Lunar games. Battle system is solid, story is phenomenal, and the fact that there are two more games that come after this one that ONLY improve everything is fan♥♥♥♥ingtastic. Falcom seems to be pushing the JRPG genre forward, and I foresee myself and countless others playing their games instead of Square Enix's AAA garbage that is the modern Final Fantasy series.10/10Can't wait to play Trails in the Sky 2nd Chapter!"
76561198044400137,Recommended,251150,20610063,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Jungle Brad,"It's as slow paced as any JRPG and has about as much pointless (yet humorous) dialogue. The story poses many questions along the way and the plot becomes increasily more in-depth until the point where I played the 2nd half of the game only taking a break to go to work and sleep. In the end most (but pretty much all the important) questions are answered and the ending leads straight into the plot of Second Chapter. But then you replay the game and suddenly all the pointless dialogue was actually foreshadowing the whole time.Also this game can really break your balls, even on Normal (the easiest difficulty).Great soundtrack too.Gameplay: 8/10Story: 9/10Characters: 9/10Music: 8/10Epilogue: 11/10"
,Recommended,251150,21688765,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,UnderstoodEnigma,"I've heard this game called a masterpiece, but when I look at it compared to what I consider to be masterpieces of the fantasy RPG genre, I don't know if I would put it on that level.That being said, this is a very very good game. I will review this game in three parts: The battle system, the story, and the upgrade system.The battle system:In this game, battles seemed to take a backseat to the story. The battle system was not boring, and having a variety of characters with different fighting styles throughout the story kept it fresh, but it didn't really have any outstanding features. There was a sort of battle chain that determined the order of when characters or enemies would attack, which could be interrupted in certain cases by the player or enemies using special abilities. Not exceptional, but not boring by any means. The only times I found myself avoiding battles was when the experience received wasn't worth it.7/10The story:Though maybe a little cliche, the story was engaging and interesting. Set in a world on the tail end of recovering from a large war, you play as the daughter and adopted son of a ""bracer"" which is a sort of mercenary policeman. You travel across the whole country you live in as you train to be a full-fledged bracer yourself, meeting many characters and developing the story as you go. The plot is riddled with twists and turns, but thankfully no unecessary-feeling backtracking. The side quests don't add to the story, but they do add to your experience and make you feel like you're doing bracer work. I hate to say it, but I called the major plot twist at the beginning of the game, though it didng take away from the overall story.8/10The upgrade system:Upgrades took two forms in this game: orbments and equipment. I felt like this was the most lacking portion of the game, and it almost felt like it was added as an afterthought. The equipment system is actually boring. There is no upgrading equipment, you can only find new equipment in dungeons and chests, as well as buying weapons and armor. By the end of the game, I had way too much money and nothing to spend it on, becasue the equipment stopped getting better in what felt like far before the end of the game. Every character uses a different class of weapon, so you really have no reason to save multiples of each weapon and prioritize on which characters get the best weapons.On to orbments.I wished that this had been a better executed part of the game. At the beginning, it seemed like it was going to be very important, but I felt like it was only really important for one character at a time. Orbment is essentially the magic or spells of the game. You give characters abilities by equipping them with certain orbments. You can also use these orbments to bolster stats at the same time. The one character where orbments would feel important was whoever I was using as my designated healer. It was confusing to use, and never really explained well, though once you get deeper in the game, you can figure it out pretty well, and the game gives you resources of which magic you can get with certain combinations of orbments.5/10Overall, this is a good game, worth a play. The characters are lovable and the world is engaging. My average of these parts gives this game a 6.6/10, but I would definitely say I enjoyed the overall product enough to make it an even 7/10."
76561198005382839,Recommended,251150,12849723,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,karttle,"First review here so please be gentle senpai :-)ok so what did I like about this game? First it has a rock solid story which gets more and more interesting as you advance. Side quest are pretty interesting and you'll not feel like the town lackey for once, investigation, some monster slaying it all feels pretty natural and you can miss most of them if you try to steamroll through the main story. Characters design  while a tad stereotypical ( read classic shounen manga ) works really well and you'll quickly grow fond of them.What I don't like is the combat system, while it has some interesting sides ( scraft and quartz for example ) the fact that you cannot move and act in the same turn is a serious flaw in my opinion. Perhaps because I played too much FFT or Tactics Ogre back in the days. And the biggest flaw of this game is that the sequel is not out yet! So I'll just mess around and wait for the second chapter release before finishing this one or perhaps learn japanese...To conclude I think that the game is really worth the money for any rpg fan more into powerful story than into groundbreaking combat system."
,Recommended,251150,12705841,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,OneBullet,"Easily the best RPG I have played in a long time.  The combat is great fun on its own, but the plot and characters will keep you playing this game attentively right until the end.  Buy this game, play it, love it, and pray the second chapter english localization comes out soon."
76561197984883523,Recommended,251150,12823320,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Goonieguy8,This is the first RPG I have played in so long that has kept my interest...Love the characters.  The battle system at least for me took so time to figure out with the orbament system but once I got the hang of it I liked it.  Grinding is actually not so bad either as most of the time you are doing a quest that gives you more depth on the characters.  Buy this game please so we can get the sequel!!!! :)
76561198067211242,Recommended,251150,12869837,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Supercharmander1,"I haven't gotten too far, but from what I've played it's been a blast. The combat is fun, and easy to figure out, along with some flashy attacks. The story and characters are all very interesting. The game also has stylistic graphics that remind me of Harvest Moon 64. If you're a fan of JRPG's or want to get into them, this game's easy to figure out combat system and great story and characters will draw you right in!"
,Recommended,251150,12848147,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Pfhor,"I bought this without knowing anything about it but it's pretty damn incredible. Great story/characters, an amazing world and combat that stays engaging throughout. Not really original in any way, but even story beats you've seen in other games are done exceptionally well.  Special mention goes to the localization and dialog, which is just all around terrific and avoids a lot of the stilted boring dialog that populates other RPGs.Kloe is best. Where is the sequel."
76561198047420171,Recommended,251150,11883499,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Naithe,This game will keep you occupied for a good week. Soundtrack is great to listen too also. Fantastic story which ends on a cliffhanger to the soon to be trilogy. Most definately worth the money
76561198001153999,Recommended,251150,25109335,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,NightCz,one of the best JRPG on steam. can't say enough how good this game is. just buy the bloody game and play it for yourself!
,Recommended,251150,25062853,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,CervezaSanta,"Great game took me 48 hours to beat on hard mode first playthrough, probably coming back to get the perfect achievement since I really liked the story."
,Recommended,251150,25219339,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ShadowBest,"One of the best linear RPGs I have ever played: great and unpredictable story that constantly shifts between funny and sad, awesome soundtrack and amazing characters/dialogues <3Only bad thing about the game is its somewhat slow gameplay=)"
,Recommended,251150,25162957,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MasterQueeferino,What a great jrpg... can't believe it was in my list unplayed for so long.. but at least that means i can play the second one right away :)Pros:storymusicbattle systemcharacterscons...that one boss song you hear mostly fighting lesser bosses.... it's just out of place lol
76561197990237525,Recommended,251150,13818789,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Skull☠Ghost #Skost,"I really enjoyed this game. I haven't played many JRPGs before this so I can't really compare, but this one is definitely my favorite one. Well story-wise anyway.The story was really enjoyable and it really seemed like they'd put a lot of effort into building the world the game took place in. The characters were memorable, some more than others (Olivier my hero!) and I felt like I actually cared about what was happening to them. After the game was over, I had a feeling similar to finishing a good book: I was a bit sad because it ended.I can't say the combat system was the best one I've seen. It got the job done decently and I did have fun, but sometimes I felt like the game wasn't giving me enough info about what was going on. For example: it seemed as if some characters did more damage to certain monster types, but nowhere did it tell the type of the attack move when attacking, which meant I had to determine the logic myself for every character and every move everytime I encountered a new monster. Some might argue it's not necessarily a bad thing and adds to the ""cut-throat nature of the game"", but I didn't like it.Overall, I really enjoyed the game. Took me about 55 hours to get through the whole story, but I did spend a lot of time just talking to all the NPC's after every tiny event that happened in the game, which resulted in a lot of unncesessary game time. This game was the first part of a story that spans over a trilogy. I'm now eagerly waiting for the possible Steam version of the second part.TL;DRLoved the story, gameplay is enjoyable, eagerly waiting for the sequel to be released on Steam.8/10"
,Recommended,251150,29123420,Posted: 8 January,all,L2Kiss,53 hours in order to finish the game... 53 awesome hours where I enjoyed every single moment. Really good game. But.... that end left my heart emptyyou got it? EMPTY! hah. Can't wait to get on my hands the second chapter and this year there'll be a 3rd!!
,Recommended,251150,13896715,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,.                              .,Best anime RPG that is release into steam :D but they need the next 2 stories that are on the ps3
76561198006872216,Recommended,251150,20814654,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,SlaughterBunney,This is great. Grabbed it in the sale fired it up just to check it works and everything else went on hold 108 hrs later Im on here searching for part 2. Yes it is a complete game but the story continues. Steam why do I have to search about for the second chapter? The only downside is some of the dialogs can be quite long which I did enjoy reading but at 11:30 with work starting early can really make you wish you saved before the dialog started.
,Recommended,251150,21213504,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Lolrider,"Damn solid, although it ends on a bit of a sour note for me, personally.  Nothing too major, just a trope/cliche that I'm not particularly fond of, and one that I think is overdone/done poorly a lot.  Still, considering this is just part of a series, I'm not too bothered by it; if this game is any indication, the rest of the series will more than make up for it.Nothing that you haven't seen before (not surprising considering it's age) but I don't think it's much of an exageration to call this a masterpiece.  Everything seems to be gracefully woven together, with attention to detail where it matters.  The characters are likeable, if a bit generic in some instances, but they play together nicely.  The world building is fantastic, each NPC having several different bits of dialogue depending on where you are in the main story.  Lots of locales, lots of friends.  Even bits that would be jarring on their own are supported so well by the rest of the game that it makes sense.Plus, it does one of my absolute favorite things a video game can do, ever!  I don't understand why developers can't figure out that the climax is so much more interesting if it draws from all your actions leading up to that point.  It's honestly rare, and probably worth playing for that reason alone.(On that note, if anyone is interested in getting into game development, definitely give this one a study.  The execution is mostly flawless, even if not all of the pieces are perfect.)9.9 out of 10, lmao"
76561198001853958,Recommended,251150,25596222,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Atyuialsen,"A JourneyI picked this game up when it was on sale and didn't bother playing it until I heard of the other series Trails of Cold Steel. I decided to take a crack at it and boy it starts slow. There is no fast travel and personally I didn't like the aesthetic. Yet the game did grew on me. I enjoyed the sprites and the music was well done. Coming to a small town and the melody soothes me. The NPCs were all well done too. Each one has a story and when you progress through a major plot point, they have something to talk about. They each have their own daily lives that progress.The cast of playable characters are amazing and some of their arcs are developed in the second game. The combat is interesting with the orbments to add arts to your characters. Finding out which orbments giving the strongest skills in a blind playthrough is a pleasant surprise!The game is without a doubt a long game with emphasis on the story and text. Even with its slow beginning, the game does pick up and I would recommend this game for people who enjoy an actual living story."
,Recommended,251150,24682413,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,seisdoseis,"If you don't like reading, stop. Don't buy it.This game is really good, the story, characters and gameplay are pristine for a game of this type. But it is a real warning, if you only like RPGs cause the acting and dialogue spoken to you, this game is not for you. It would be interesting to compare the quantity of reading you'll have to do in this game with a real book.If you are interested in this game take into consideration that the story is split between this game and the second one. After I finish this game I couldn't wait for the translation of the 2nd part to be out. At the moment, I'm playing part 2 and it just gets better, it's looks the same but it seems more polished at least in combat mechanics.A definite buy if you like SNES era RPGs."
76561198047392373,Recommended,251150,21468362,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,jdbish,"I'm 33 years old and this is one of the best games I've ever played.  I fell in love with the characters and the story -- the translation work by XSEED is fantastic.  I would recommend it to anybody who likes JRPGs and story-driven games.The story takes a litle while to get going, but once you spend time with the characters it becomes as entertaining as any good book.  I also think you'll love the sequel."
76561198082964510,Recommended,251150,26030374,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,blueking,this is one of the best rpgs i have ever played. I loved the story and the side missions
76561198171467359,Recommended,251150,15086532,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Killjoyone,"This game is worth your time, I put in almost 135 hours played 3 times threw an yet i keep playing, The story line is Strong an Fun It has everything you can ask for an even a Boat race, Cant Beat That. i cant wait to play the next game they come out with. If You Do Play This Game Take Your Time An Have Fun With It, You Wont Be Disappointed Trust Me."
,Recommended,251150,24429772,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,OMGparticles,"I am about 7 hours into the game as of writing this, and so far it is a fun JRPG with a classic feel. The writing and characters are better than in your average JRPG translation, and the unique combat system is quick but tactical.While the combat is simpler than a pure strategy RPG like Final Fantasy Tactics, it is still more engaging than a standard turn-based RPG where combat can often feel entirely dependent on stats. The game lacks a standard critical hit system in favor of placing random buffs on specific turns in combat. These buffs can help both allies or enemies, depending on who acts on that turn. The game then introduces systems which allow you to manipulate turn order, such as their ""limit break"" style system which can be used at any time, interrupting the next turn. Gameplay also takes place on a square grid allowing for positional advantages and strategic use of area of effect abilities.The game is paced well so far, with plenty of optional content to keep you busy and reduce the grind. I was afraid that by playing on Hard mode I would simply have to grind more to survive the fights, but so far it seems that is not the case. Fights are challenging but manageable, and since I enjoy exploring I have been gaining a lot from side quests and dungeons. Monster fights in the wild are generally all avoidable, with fights starting only when you run into a monster in the field.While lacking modern features like voice acting or modern 3D graphics, I find this game to be quite enjoyable, and I'm having some of the most fun I've had with a JRPG in a long time.UPDATE: I have now completed the game and must say I was thoroughly impressed with the whole experience. The writing and characters were far better than any other RPG I've played. I'm excited to move on to the second chapter now and can't wait to see how the story and gameplay evolve."
,Recommended,251150,14115616,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,TheRNGenius,"This has to be one of the best RPGs that I have EVER played and I have played through a lot of RPGs.The best thing about this game is without any doubt the phenomenal story...no game before this one has me had to go through rage, confusion, happiness, sadness, relieve and all kinds of other emotions that I can't think of right now.Playing through this game felt like reading an incredibly good novel with the addition of having great music and an intersting turn based fighting system.I would recommend this game to everyone who likes RPGs!And everyone who starts crying when their favorite anime character dies HAAAAS to own this game, no exeptions!"
,Recommended,251150,12104981,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Brynhilda,"I just finished the game, clocking in at 50 and a half hours. I laughed, I got emotional, and I had a good time. The atmosphere and world-building was fantastic, the characters were all enjoyable, and was a relatively relaxing game to play.The only bad thing is that I have to wait for the sequel to come out! (And that I got a bit stuck at the final boss, but that was partially my own fault.)You'll get your money's worth and you'll have a good time doing it!"
,Recommended,251150,24913012,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mr Deap,"It's very 90th japanese anime oriented storyline. There's a lot of text & very well optimized for today PC. The battle difficulty is a bit harder than the popular JRPG.The battle system is very slow, but require common sense & proper strategy."
76561198070487218,Recommended,251150,14431055,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Erxin,"i bought and played this game when its just released on PSP at 2011. A fantastic experience, i did not sleep for 3 days just to play this game. My reason? the fantastic story.It started of with seemingly cliche story, but oh my god.. the dialogue between the characters are just simply marvelous. Each characters have their own screentime and development, even the NPC.  I was biting my fingers in frustration when i found out the story is to be continued in second chapter. I have been waiting the sequel for 4 years now.When i found out there are the PC port of the game on STEAM (2014), i showed my support and purchased the digital copy. And the same thing happened [to my surprise], i did not sleep for 3 days again just to play through this game. And same thing happened at the end of the game, I am biting my fingers in frustration and anxiety , waiting for the sequel.the gameplay of the game itself was rather simple, battle is simple turn-based mechanics with ability yo intercept/cancel enemy movement [almost similar to Grandia series]. It is simple but proved to be challenging at times.there are tonnes of sidequest, which are rather tedious at a glance, like killing certain enemies, collecting certain items, etc. But the result is so rewarding, not because of the items, but because it affect THE PLOT itself! [well mostly the NPC], but the dialogue of the NPC in the sequel will change depending whether you completed certain sidequests, or your rank at the end of the game.This game is a simply must buy, for a 20 dollar purchase, it is a very worth purchase.Now i am awaiting the sequel and swore to purchase it on the day it is released [and perhaps take another 3 days of all-nighter]"
76561198056381772,Recommended,251150,13722878,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,bardie,I thought this game couldn't get any better. Then i chased a chicken. So much fun >_<
,Recommended,251150,13906516,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Dymonex,9/10 would buy sequel.And second sequel too.
,Recommended,251150,13704013,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Silent Tom,Classic JRPG that comes with interesting plot. the main protagonist is a staff-wielding girl with pigtails (twintails). couldn't say no to a staff-wielding girl with pigtails.
76561197961292249,Recommended,251150,33862885,Posted: 28 July,all,,"Great, old-school JRPG.Turn-based combat with lots of options. If you die (it happens) you can immediately retry the battle. I've never encountered any battle I couldn't beat simply by changing to different, smarter tactics.Charming graphics, great story, memorable characters. Took me about 40 hours to play through the game, but I enjoyed the world so much that I did all the side quests I could find and spoke to villagers and townspeople.The only downside for me is that I found the music a little bland and generic. Not bad, but you're not getting FFVI or Chrono Trigger-level soundtracks here, even if it is a JRPG.Anyway. If you like JRPGs, this one comes very highly recommended!"
76561198352157571,Recommended,251150,32795056,Posted: 25 June,all,Angel of Anti-Cloaker,"I love the gameplay and so the other stuffs, the experience of gameplay is very good, it can be considered is my childhood game, or memorial game (I played it before in Chinese version). And, now, I replay it for a better experience (the language and, of course, like I mentioned, the gameplay)."
76561197989535096,Recommended,251150,32949774,Posted: 28 June,all,sgtwhiskeyjack,"This is simple. If you like this genre of games, this will quickly become your favourite.It's an amazing game with great beleivable characters, full of personality, and a truely epic story. I've just completed the game, the whole experience has blown me away and I'm sure I missed quite a bit. It's quite hard to time when to collect and do the sub-quests, one of which I'm hoping was fishing.Everything in it is just great 100% buy it."
,Recommended,251150,15984541,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Himeakikoz,"Legend of heroes:Trails in the sky incorporates all the good elements of a jrpg while still standing ground as it's own unique and charming work, not getting swept away in the tidal wave of rpg cliches.Plot 8/10Set in a world where there's been a technological breakthrough involving equipping adventurer's with magic, while bringing with it political turmoil. The story follows character Estelle Bright, a cheerful yet feisty girl and her brother Joshua. It's not so much about the whole good vs evil trope that's been used countless times before, but more just about two curious kids that get into more than they bargained for, as they get dragged into political war while trying to figure out the mystery behind their father's disappearance. The story isnt anything overwhelming or special, but it doesn't need to be. It's a heart-warming coming-of-age story, that does what other games don't dare do, and it doesn't mind.It's the type of game that also needs your full attention at all times otherwise you will definitely get lost on multiple occasions and this can more often or not put many people off as dialogue is very heavy aswell. However, this is what makes Trails in the sky so charming, just seeing how the characters interact with one another and how real they almost seem.Gameplay 8/10The battle system is heavily tactical involving turn manipulation and orders which determine what turn is guaranteed for certain bonuses, and if you manage to knock an enemy out of that slot a member of the party slots into it. A system that incorporates heavily on a grid based tactical layout, with the classical rpg elements of using magical attacks by equipping party members with quartz bringing with it a whole new combination of attacks to be used. As well as extra powerful attacks that override turn order but use up cp in the process.Sound 9/10Coming from a company that is known for it's wonderful soundtracks, Falcom doesn't fail to please in this department. It also includes one of my personal favourite pieces of music from any game-Silver Will. Then again what isn't to be said, it's Falcom, creators of the critically acclaimed Y's series.Overall Enjoyment 9/10Trails in the sky's world is explored plentifully with a very rich and deep history to learn about and enjoy. The characters, though the usual archetypes, are layered with personalities of their own which make them lovable and relatable, as well as some of the conversations they carry out being some of the funniest stuff I've had the pleasure to read. And as far as Estelle goes,she does her job perfectly as a protagonist that people can actually like and with atleast 50+ hours of gameplay, which is just the story alone, what's not to enjoy? I for one commend the effort that Falcom most noticeably put into this game and thank XSeed for bringing it over to the West. The gaming world needs more games like this."
,Recommended,251150,14162285,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nikki Tanaka,"A quest for japanese videogames is always an adventure, that’s for sure.Since they‘re masterpieces as often as not, you constantly search for unexplored brilliant, beauty of which emotionally tears you apart from the inside, and... you fail every time. This is their main component, so to speak: they appear in front of you suddenly, when your soul isn’t ready for waterfall of feelings and when you’re most vulnerable.But there are exceptions even among ideal pieces of work: they are just too perfect. Sora no Kiseki is most vivid example. You had dreamt about such kind of game, you didn’t know about its existence, but there it is — you watch first cutscene (made with nipponese dedication to details) with lil’ Estelle, and in the next breath you become a part of the big journey into the ocean of all sorts of human nature.And what I‘d dreamt about before I encountered with Trails in the Sky? What principles lie in the foundation of those dreams? First of all, it is a ginormous strategy, which creators know how minimise your agoraphobia by turning each five acts of odyssey to a completely new experience. Relying on your skill of empathy, authors engage you in «to-the-moon» family story, detective investigation with peaceful lunch on the mesmerizing shore or restoration of Eastern-like spirit on good-old hot springs.Secondly, it has a unique art style, thanks to which you can feel battles, relationships, the theatrical production and the one adorable inventor’s diminutiveness in all their glory. Furthermore, «unique» is adjective for all aspects of videogames that made with great love and zeal: for soundtrack and characters, for design of monsters and towns, for background of sidequests and even minor events. Your heart melts every time when Joshua is playing on harmonica. You become excited as often as new inimitable person joins in your party.And, you know, next thing isn’t third and not even tenth. The Legend of Heroes is way too big — too deep — for just citation of facts. It is only the first chapter of the trilogy and you already have immeasurable impressions and obligation to return in majestic Liberl.What I got to say? It is a curse. When your childhood was marked by «Front Mission 3», jRPG have become ever present part of your life. This curse is above price, and you need to say thanks for it."
,Recommended,251150,25197743,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Azor,"This might be the greatest JRPG we have ever seen, the most criminally underrated of all time. The story is amazing, the stategic and turnbased gameplay is addicting and challenging, I love the S-Craft limit break like abilities that you can pull off at any given moment as long as you aren't messed up with a status effect. It really surprised me and I love this entire series now."
76561198063502214,Recommended,251150,29065670,Posted: 6 January,all,Grimace14,"LoH caught my eye initially as resembling FF Tactics mixed with some more traditional JRPG game play (FF7 limit breaks, for example). I was not entirely off in that assessment and playing through the entire game was well worth the gamble of just purchasing it without much scrutiny towards the rest of the game.The basic plot follows two youths on a journey to become successful mercenaries. The larger story is definitely not worth spoiling here, so I'll just share that there is definitely enough intrigue to fill 50+ hours of gameplay. In fact, just when you finish the game and think there is a happy and peaceful ending, things get flipped on their head, setting up the next game. LoH is also set in a world where there are 3 interconnected-yet-antagonistic nations, one of which (Liberl) is the setting for the entire game. I have to admit I was disappointed in not seeing more of the world, but honestly this just makes me want to play the sequel that much more. At no point did I feel the environment was too small or uninteresting.LoH is not especially difficult, but some grinding became necessary about halfway through the game. Your characters actually level pretty well with each new territory you are led to in the story. My only gripe would be that the combat always occurs in a flat terrain. There could have been some variety here, though for your routine low-level enemy fight, I could see terrain as getting in the way of an otherwise quick and easy grind.If you're a fan of ANY JRPG you should give this one a look."
76561198006288599,Recommended,251150,19360228,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chiropraptor,This is the best JRPG I've played in a long time. I had a lot of fun and there are so many way you can build your characters over time. I thoroughly enjoyed the story and I even bought the anime that takes place after this one because I wanted to see what happens to the characters I began to love so much. I highly recommend this game and giving it a 9/10
,Recommended,251150,18707599,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dredkinetic,"Graphically this game is very outdated, and at times the camera control makes navigation awkward, you're basically limited to an isometric view of the world.... That being said. This game is INCREDIBLE!! If you value a well crafted story, deep skill customization, a huge vibrant world with tons of content, interesting and quirky characters and a straight up old-school J-RPG style of play this game is absolutely for you, it is worth every penny of the admission price! So far I have put in about 6 hours or so, and I haven't even really scratched the surface of everything that The Legend of Heroes holds. If you love JRPGs DO NOT pass this one up, stop reading this crap and buy this game right now."
,Recommended,251150,18857932,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Kho,"one of the best JRPG that i played all of my life. very good character build, and very deep character feeling. never regret buying this stuff, and definitely the second chapter too, a must buy!"
76561198163148477,Recommended,251150,18904060,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,I really enjoy the game. Its simple but very well done. The combat is a bit boring at the start. im hoping that improves. You get really attached to the characters.
76561198019031409,Recommended,251150,22852515,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Erasmus,"Incredible game, reminds me a bit of Suikoden I and II.  One of the best RPGs I've ever played and I can't wait to start SC."
,Recommended,251150,12534280,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,_OctopusKing,"Great ""old-school"" (as in 2004ish) turn-based rpg. If you have that nostalgic hunger for decent TBRPGs, this one is definitely a keeper."
76561197985689876,Recommended,251150,12511894,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ThereRnoIDs,"I've already finsihed it on psp but just bought it again just to support the title :vThere hasn't been an jrpg this good ever since hte FFIX/Suikoden series, this game has a wonderful soundtrack, no fancy graphics whatsoever but delivers in every other aspect from battle to abit of open world exploration."
,Recommended,251150,13664626,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Salt,"That ending. What a game.Second Chapter when. Don't leave me on this island, XSEED."
,Recommended,251150,14733365,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,spryf0x,"TL;DR: This game is fantastic and is definitely worth the money! 10/10This game is honestly one of my favorite, if not THE favorite, JRPGs out there. I honestly have only good things to say about this game.The story and the characters are definitely the best part of the game. It's a story about a girl named Estelle and her adopted brother Joshua. It tells of their journey, across the country of Liberl, as they train to be Bracers, defenders of justice and peace. On their adventures they get caught up in something so enormous that it puts the entire country of Liberl in danger. The story is very well paced and written. There are plenty of plot twists and surprises in store for you when you play the game. The writers definitely deserve an award for how well executed the story was.All the characters presented in the game were very well rounded and thought out. None of the characters felt particularly flat through the game. You also get a feel and story of all of your companions that accompany them along their quest. Even side characters are fleshed out. There are no flat characters in this game. The best part of the game is seeing how Estelle and Joshua mature over the course of the game. Again, the writers definitely outdid themselves.The game also had plenty of content to entertain you for what will feel like forever. The story, along with all the side quests and dungeons, took me nearly 45 hours to do. If you're looking for a long, thorough RPG experience, you've struck gold. None of the side quests felt particularly boring or repetitive and definitely fleshed out the game.The combat in this game was very enjoyable as well. The combat system takes place on a grid with player characters and enemies occupying squares on that grid. The combat is turned based, but is not static (i.e Character 1 attacks, Enemy 1 attacks, Character 1 attacks, etc.). The combat is based on speed of the entity and their action. If you're fighting a particularly fast enemy, they may be able to attack thrice before you are able to retaliate.Some turns also offer bonuses such as guaranteed criticals and healing. These bonuses also work in favor of your enemy so it helps to plan out your moves to make sure you get the bonuses and not your enemies. There are a few more mechanics but it would simply take to long to explain. With that being said, the combat system is not complicated. I just don't want to type 3 paragraphs about the combat. Simply put, the combat is simple, effective, and fun.The only thing I can see about the game is that may put people off is the graphics. The game was released in 2004 so it definitely has some age to it as far as video games go. I personally enjoyed the graphics as it gave the game a nice atmosphere to it. You're fine as long as you don't come into it thinking the graphics will be comparable to today's standards.In the end, this game was absolutely amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it. The story and characters, compelling. The content, enormous. The combat, fun. I honestly couldn't ask for anything more. Can't wait for the sequel.10/10(11/10 with rice)PS: The music in the game is also pretty darn good!"
,Recommended,251150,14457314,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Overlord Adorablorp,"+Good Soundtrack+Good gameplay+Lots of side quests, not much reason to grind+diverse characters with varying personalities++Great character development++Comedic++""The chest is empty because someone came and took the stuff out. You wouldn't know who did that now, would you?"" Chests with dialog after opening them.+++Last but not least, amazing story.Of course, every game isn't perfect, so..-The ending is a bit grindy, but easily forgiven being the last chapter of the game-DON'T LOOK AT THE ACHIEVEMENTS, THEY CAN SPOIL THE STORY. I learned that the hard way. ;~; (Of course it doesn't give EVERYTHING away of course...)"
76561197975080743,Recommended,251150,11584564,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,[HZ] DeerSlayer,lOVE IT!!! like old 16 bits still game.
,Recommended,251150,27367454,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KeybladeB358,"So this game, this game is just beutifulIm mostly doing this review because of the steam award badges but still, i want to talk a little bit about this game.When I first got this game had no clue at all what was about, i just knew it was an RPG with rich story at least told by the steam tag and it was on sale, I also was bored from my other 160 games of my library, so that was an intant buy for me.The start of the game starts really slow but from a start the game puts you to have questions about the story, the world, the character mostly everything, after a little bit the game starts to explain the world which its really good explained and really interesting.The gameplay starts to get explained and you get even more hooked because it is really fun if you make the mechanics work to your benefit, you can beat overlevel bosses if you are in a lower level just by having good tactics.The most important part of the game is the story, if you buy this game and you are one looking for a story you have to take in mind that this game is the First charpeter of two, so you are probably going to buy the second charpter one way or another, at the end of the day the game is really big in hour play time making it worth it in many ways possible.That was my review, pretty much the first one ive made but I hope you can pick up the game and enjoy it, really worth my time and i hope yours too"
,Recommended,251150,11559980,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Amphibious Orc,"I bought it 4 days ago and I've already put in 24 hours into it. Then again, I have an autistic affinity for JRPG's that make you grind the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them."
,Recommended,251150,25527664,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Taebrythn,"ok so currently i am only on chapter 2 but this is a really fun game. this is the first time i've ever played anything from this series. the music is pretty good. story i do enjoy. the move sets and art aka magic is pretty decent. so to give a short thing about it because i am sure there are better reviews out there then mine. its a tactic type game. its very easy to fail in a fight.if you never have played the game you wouldn't have a clue what the enemies do and when some of the status effects hit you it could spell game over. or if they kill the npcs with you it also spells game over. now one thing that is alright is you get to retry the battle and each time you do that the enemies get weaker. i'm not sure if this is a good thing imo. i think that is maybe the only function i don't like because it makes it too simple if you fail enough. i might be mistaken but it could be for the npcs too because it really doesn't take much to kill them. so maybe in that light i can understand.anyways this game is worth picking up and i still look forward to finishing it.edit 1. So after a long run i finally finished the game. there are a total of 4 chapters and it did not disappoint me at all. i won't lie i failed quite a few times since the last post. maybe 10+ times. there were some very challenging fights. the boss fights were freaking amazing. it kept me up on my toes. i know it sounds like i am huge fanboy, but there are just those games that really stand out. this to me is just one of the many titles out there in video game history that deserves more attention then it has. i know not everyone will agree with me and that is fine. I just really liked it. now i am looking at getting the 2nd one to continue the series."
76561198046392023,Recommended,251150,15106308,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,estaria_valens,"TL;DR skip to last paragraph.This is a linear game.  There is a story to be told, and it will guide you through with that end in mind.  For 90% of the game, I would say the story was . . . cute.  Nothing spectacular.  Nothing terribly unique, even.  Never, in my 30+ years of video gaming, have I seen an ending like that.  Not that you couldn't tell something was going on, but the big reveal was pretty epic.  It puts the whole game in a different light.  I instantly wanted to play through the whole game again, just to see it in context.The mechanics are solid.  By the end, though, I was yearning for a bit more complexity.  The system was fine, but I wish there were more options in terms of equipment, orbments, and characters.Equipment was mostly linear.  You buy what's in the shop, then pick up an upgrade in a dungeon.  You just rinse and repeat for each chapter.  No real choices.  The next piece of equipment is always better.  There is the option of finding the ultimate weapons, but that is little more than the final step in a relatively linear progression.The orbment system was actually pretty complex, but they could have done much more with it.  Once you get the hang of it, though, you can spend most of a play-through just playing with orbment combinations.  Sadly, it doesn't take long to master.As for characters, this game was pretty unique.  Many different games have you picking up team-mates as you progress through the story; but most let you keep that character from then on.  In this game, your comrades only join you for brief periods at a time.  It's a bit irritating, but it also makes them feel more like characters, rather than just extra bodies.  Each comrade has their own motivations.  They aren't going to leave everything they care about just to follow some strangers around the world.  It makes them feel more real.The combat was excellent for a turn-based game.  The choice to move around the field of battle turns out to be more than just a gimmick.  Rather it affords a new dimension to combat (for instance it lets you position your enemies).  Status effects are worthwhile but unessential.  They managed to strike a perfect balance.  Using them makes many fights much easier, but every fight (but one. Errrr  LAWRANCE!!!!) is possible without considering status effects at all.  Skills, S-breaks, and weapon effects make combat complex enough to stay interesting.  The turn bonuses are mostly gimmicky, but play a big roll in the BIG fights.Overall, 9/10 for first playthrough, 7/10 for subsequent playthroughs. The game is worth playing for the story alone, and the combat is sufficiently complex to stay interesting.  The game is simple enough, though, that it's only good for a couple runs and some nostalgia runs years later."
76561197988279283,Recommended,251150,25347368,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LadyErica,"Alright, here goes. After two and a half hours, I really enjoy this game. It looks great, the combat is fun, the story is decent (if not exactly original), and i really love the characters. In many ways, it should be easy to recommend to everyone. In a perfect world, this would be a well-known classic.However... as I said, I'm two and a half hours in. About twenty minutes of this has been actual gameplay, and that includes walking around in a town and learning about the skill system. That's really not a whole lot of ""gameplay"". I have heard a lot of people defend it by saying the story matters and so on, but I don't really agree. Final Fantasy XIII got a lot of hate for being a corridor the first 30+ hours, yet the same people like Trails in the Sky even if it's yet another corridor? That doesn't make sense to me. Why hate one game and praise another for the exact same reason? And yes, I did enjoy FFXIII a lot. But I think it had a nice ratio of cutscenes vs gameplay. Some cutscenes, some gameplay, some cutscenes, some gameplay etc. Trails in the Sky has very long cutscenes, then some brief, extremely linear gameplay, then yet another looooong cutscene. Again, two and a half hours in, and have played around 20 minutes. If that.Also, I love games like ""999: 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors"" (though I always get the door, person, hour order wrong), and those games are 90% cutscenes. But they are *intended* to be cutscenes. I knew what I was getting myself into right away. Trails in the Sky is intended to be a JRPG with strategy-RPG elements (move around the battlefield etc), and the story isn't really anything new. So why this endless focus on cutscenes?But if you can get past that, I recommend this game. It looks great, the characters are awesome and the combat fun. And who knows? Maybe it opens up later. Fingers crossed. :)"
76561198130096352,Recommended,251150,13823716,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MysteryK,This is quite rare to find a Jrpg where you can feel some attachment to fictional characters. Something this generation of Jrpgs lack. Now I'm excited waiting for it's sequels.See the hours I put in this game...
,Recommended,251150,18067356,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,[FTP] Heisenberg,"Heisenberg aproves. This game is great, creative story that keeps you engaged the entire way.  Interesting characters, the story focuses around the 2 main characters Estelle and Joshua but they do enough to make the other characters interesting as well. I pretty much binged the entire game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off all my friends who wanted to keep playing our Civ 5 game til 7 am. Played all the way to the end of the game not realizing it was part of a trilogy. Now I gotta say I am highly anticipating the second chapter. Apperently it comes out fall 2015. It better because I have no patience and can't wait to see how the story unfolds. I am fighting the urge to spoil the whole story and watching it on youtube but the game is so good I can't bring myself to ruin the second chapter. I highly recommend this game to any JRPG lovers and people who love a good light hearted story."
76561197964626206,Recommended,251150,11733757,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Transientmind,"I am VERY impressed with this RPG, and even though I haven't finished it yet, I'm considering it a very powerful contender against classics like FF6 and Crono Trigger.The porting from wherever it came from is very good.  The whole thing can be controlled with the mouse if you like, and has an intuitive UI.  Great graphics (after you run the config program to bump it up from defaults) and writing.There's a lot I found surprisingly great about this.  First of all, the story is fairly mature.  You control some teens who may be somewhat naive, but the words and behaviour of the adults shows that the protagonists' naive view of the world is only one part of the story, with darker themes hinted at.  Major characters have anime-style portraits which convey their feelings more powerfully and add a lot of nuance to interactions that the older games don't have.  And the wold-building is unbelievable.  Practically every interactable NPC has their own unique name and dialogue and not only that, but that dialogue changes based on which plot points you've hit.  Even if it's only something as simple as running minor errands and picking up your next chores.Combat also pretty cleverly side-steps the turn-based problem of it turning into a chore, by adding a bunch of little variables that keep you engaged to optimize your results.This is a fantastic game and I STRONGLY recommend it."
,Recommended,251150,11915055,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,WTFyou'realive,"A game that has everything a JRPG gamer could ask for. A well delivered story with interesting characters, each with unique personalities that will put a smile on your face. A combat system that isin't too complex but provides a good amount of difficulty that scales nicely throughout the game as well as some level of strategy involved. The music is also very good and compliments the world/situation/fights quite nicely. Lastly, the lore of the world is very nice to look through if you are a lore lover and the side/hidden quests will always give you something to do.I will add though as since it is everything you could ask for this also means their is alot of chat and dialogue to go through but while this can be a nuisance to some people it helps provide gaps throughout the fighting and keeps the story flowing smoothly. I will also say that for a JRPG it isin't as long as you would think, however i believe that it doesn't drag on too much but wasen't short to the point that i was expecting more than what i got.If you are looking for an old-school JRPG that is fun, compelling and is just fun to play through then this game should be right up your alley."
76561198040272739,Recommended,251150,11609121,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,HarvestrOfSouls,"This is classic JRPG gaming at its finest, and the new touch-ups in translation and editing, improved PC performance and inclusion of the PSP extras that have been added since the original release now make this the definitive version of the game.The story follows Estelle and her adopted brother Joshua, as they train to be admitted as Bracers for the Liberl Kingdom. Bracers are akin to a private military or mercenaries, who accept any jobs ranging from mowing law to espionage. What starts as a light-hearted and easy going gig turns into a huge ordeal when Estelle and Joshua become embroiled in a series of events that threaten to change the shape of the peaceful kingdom of Liberl forever.Originally released in Japan on PC back in 2004 as ""Sora no Kiseki: FC,"" the series has become somewhat infamous for the absolute sheer size of its text, overshadowing those of even the most well known and story focused Japanese RPGs out there. The ""FC"" stood for First Chapter, which advertized itself a little less sneakily than the translated title. Make no mistake: Trails in the Sky has its own contained story that promises to provide you with at least 50 hours of classic RPG goodiness, but that story is by no means complete at the time the credits role. In fact some of the game's greatest twists and surprises appear right at the very end of the game and are like to leave you frothing at the mouth for a conclusion. Fortunately the sequel is already in the works and is currently being forecasted for a Winter 2014 release (barring delays).It would be a mistake to assume that Trails in the Sky significantly suffers from having an inconclusive narrative however. As said, the series prides itself in its monstrous amounts of text, and all of this goes into world and character building.  Unlike many Japanese Role Playing Games where characters are little more than palette swaps the cardboard roles (The Hero, The Sidekick, The Wild Card, the Womanizer, The Justice, etc.) Trails takes time building its characters with great care and detail, and the result is some suprisingly fresh new ideas and ways to use these classic character types. Which is humorous considering it is a ten year old game (ahem).In terms of gameplay Trails in the Sky is a very classic-styled RPG. You experience in the game from an overhead camera perspective and follow your characters' sprites as they talk, walk, explore and battle. Due to story reasons the game is fairly linear in its progression: There are five chapters (Prologue, 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and Final) and in each of these individual chapters you have have access a new main town that serves as the hub from which you can access numerous dungeons and areas connected to them. Once you have completed a chapter and have moved to the next hub, the previous one becomes closed off, so be careful not to miss anything. For those who want the perfect playthrough, be sure to check out guides on quests and Bracer points, as several of these are hidden. Of particular note is a set of in-game novels called Carnelia Volumes, which often have ridiculously short windows to acquire. Keeping up with these volumes until the end of the game will allow you to trade the series for either Estelle's or Joshua's best weapon in the game, so its definitely worth keeping an eye out for these.The combat uses a classic turn-based battle system as its base. When a character's turn comes up you can choose to move, attack anything in range/move towards an enemy that is out of range, use magic, or use character specific skills. Magic, referred to in this game as Arts, need energy points (EP) to use. There are also Craft Points (CP) which are used for character-specific skills. CP fills up as your characters attack, take damage or have equipment that continuously raises its value, which maximizes at 200. At 100 CP a character can use their super move (Limit Break for you Final Fantasy fans) which will do significant damage to enemies. If you use this super move with 200 CP instead the attack even gets buffed.Unique to Trails' battle system are random benefits that appear in the turn order. These can range from Physical Attack Up, Art Attack Up, HP recovery, EP recovery, CP recovery and Guaranteed Critical. These are set at random points in the turn order and their benefits last only that turn space. Be careful though! Enemies can and often do benefit from these spaces as well, and the last thing you want is an enemy to get an attack in on a Guaranteed Critical space. Fortunately there are various techniques you can use in the game to manipulate turn order, such as waiting to reduce time until your next turn, using an attack that slows the enemy, etc. It is a system that can be a great boon to those who know how to use it and a great enemy to those who choose to ignore it, so do so at your peril, lest the monsters get all the good panels.Finally, for those who enjoy New Game+ features this game has it in spades. Levels, equipment, orbments (used to cast magic), and items all carry over in case you wanted to steamroll through the game a second time. The only significant thing that does not carry over is completed jobs and the Bracer points you received in your first playthrough. These will all have to be reacquired one by one. Beating the game also unlocks Hard and Nightmare difficulties which are not for the faint of heart. In addition the game also has a handful of things that will transfer over to Trails in the Sky SC once it has been released. Depending on how much Bracer points exist on your file when you start up SC you will get a bag of goodies that will be a nice reward for your efforts. Characters also remember which jobs you did (or didn't) for them as well. That's right: this game was Mass Effect before Mass Effect was a thing!~ Finally, a certain character's level (up to level 40) will transfer into the sequel. If you going into SC raw the game will start this character at level 35.All in all Trails in the Sky is a fantastic breath of fresh air in the sadly diminishing classic JRPG household. The game remains relatively a light-hearted and personal coming of age story for Estelle and Joshua for the most part, but those with discerning eyes and savvy genre senses will notice inklings of deeper depths hidden from the surface, and these all wonderfully set up for the sequel. If you are looking for a classic RPG with unique characters, an interesting (and at times surprising!) story, loads of sidequests to keep you busy, and a fair case of hysteria as you contemplate when the sequel will be released, you could certainly do much worse than Trails in the Sky."
76561197996653478,Recommended,251150,13937526,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Siegfried,"First of all, I already own the ancient Japanese version of this game. A good old friend of me gave it to me, and I finished it a long time ago. But I'm buying this anyways.Why?Well, this game is a good game from a very good franchise which could be called one of the founding father of JRPG (Dragon Slayers franchise), but it is also true that there are TONS of JRPG games out there that is like this game.However, the reason I decided to buy this game is mainly, and I could even say purely, since I can find it for free if I have to, the translation company.Ever since I was a child, I have wished,hoped, prayed, that there will be anybody out there that's good enough to translate those JRPG for us!And because there is NONE, many good JRPG has been lost!So, take my gratitute, and my money XSEED, and please continue on translating other classic JRPG out there!Also, this game has two chapters, so I advise anybody out there that want to play chapter two, no matter by what means, to buy this game and show your support to these good lads!"
,Recommended,251150,13945212,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,owenpile,"An incredible journey that gets better and better each hour.  Having just finished it, it's definitely worth seeing through to the end.  Good to see it finally getting justified recognition on Steam.It doesn't start as slowly as other reviews have made out, and there's no more text to read than, say, Persona 4.You'll be rewarded with an all-time fave if you like:- great plot- well-written characters- suspense- strategic battles that give you time to think- cute graphicsWhat you WON'T get is- anime porn titillation- monster hunting- cinematics- ridiculous plot you never understandThis PC version is very easy to play, works beautifully with a mouse. There's 60 hours here on a normal play-through.  If you like JRPGs, or are curious about how great a good one can be, get it."
76561198016026535,Recommended,251150,11757802,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,stormturmoil,"In a period where RPGs in general are in a bit of a slump, I spotted this purely by accident; I wasn't sure whether It would prove worth my time; but it was on sale, and I hadn't played an RPG for a while, so I thought, 'what's to lose?'I regret nothing.An incredibly developed and immersive world. People that actually feel like people. A Battle system that's easy to use but also highly customisable. A strong Storyline That keeps you guessing. It's got all this and lots more.For something I picked up as a 'What If?' I have been repaid many times over. I strongly recommend this to anyone who likes RPGs, purely on it's own merits, but as an added incentive, the more buy it, the more likely the other entries in the series will also appear."
,Recommended,251150,11558981,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,nano.Luo Tianyi,"This epic story is just a setup for a mind-blowing trilogy. And holy fock biscuits, I cried at the ending. I mean the story beats the late Final Fantasy games by leagues!!The world design is finely crafted, the cities and villages felt truly alive, the dialogues are well-written, even for the background NPCs, and the dialogues changes depending on situation and story progession!!The phrase ""It is about the journey, not the destination."" is this game in a nutshell!!Gameplay is fun, skills are customizable, making players needs some planning, and tactical decisions on character roles in combat.Though the main story is on the epic level, the numerous side quests in this game are equally fun and shed more light on this charming game world.Musics of this game are regarded as ones of the most beautiful pieces and collections to ever grace the gaming history.TL;DR 11/10. XSEED is awesome for translating this game. Support the awesome XSEED. Buy it NOW!!"
,Recommended,251150,11568215,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,アレクサンダー,"This game is now officially one of my favorite JRPG!First of all gonna point out some bad things since u'll most likley gonna check those first if u're not sure about buying game or not:- some plot twists a tiny bitsy obvious if u pay attention- beautiful flow of combat tiny bitsy broken in the end with very hard boss, but before that everything is perfectly balanced- some issues regarding having hd resolution (for example smoke in one area will cover ""square"" in the middle of your screen, but not entire wide screen area)Now check out great parts:+ AMAZING story - trully fairytale for adults and kids alike!+ MAGNIFICENT characters! Each and every one of them is unique, interesting, has his/her back story, desires, ambitions and distinct speech pattern (there are no VA for dialogs and I was very surprised that around middle of the game I began to almost literally hear character voices in my head, hear how they could've say this or that thing; it's an amazing achievement on itself since most of characters in now-a-days games are very um... forgettable)+ Overall world created with love and attention to details! I mean you can actually see story arcs of all NPCs around you! Even what seems to be some meaningless guard can has a mind blowing stuff to tell!+ Combat is perfectly balanced! Unlike most of JRPGs (especially very popular old-school series) in here you see enemies on a map! Meaning you don't have to fight same bunch of monsters every 3 steps you make (I'm looking at you SMT...) meaning developers do care about your time which you can spend on something more interesting (like reading one of great in-game books, or read in-game newspaper or just talk to NPC guys in a town)+ Very bright and colorful anime style graphics! I'm sorry, but for me that's a major plus. Aren't we all tired of same old greay-brown pallete in almost... like every game?+ Music... oh holy Yuno and Revy... this music is amazing! This is one of very rare ocasion when I want to listen to music separatley and after this review first thing I'll do is to check whether it's somewhere in the game's directory...+ Overall game flow. It's just... perfect. Pacing is perfect, events structured logicly, everything is interesting. I'm gonna probably stop fan boying here about this game and will say one last thing.BUY THE GAME!!!!!! You will not regreat it!!!!!"
76561197961655191,Recommended,251150,13516346,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BobbyDazzler,"I don't normally review games but If you love character driven stories then this is the game for you.  With interesting battle concepts (once you get through the start), This has been one of a few RPGs i've picked up and absolutely love.  With most of the Final Fantasies and every other RPG out there that i used to play, this has to be one of my favourite games.  The incredible depth to the story and how well laid out the game is what makes this game epic.I just hope more people buy this game so that the translators get what they deserve in translating this epic"
76561197970887820,Recommended,251150,14199231,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mandrake42,"An excellent JRPG. I'd never really heard of this game until it popped up on Steam but given how few JRPG's end up here I snapped up straight away and I'm really glad I did.The games story is a slow burn, starting small and spending a good long time building the world and developing the characters. The main protagonists are junior Braces, a sort of cop for hire, and the game tracks their progress towards becoming fully fledged members. You'll start small, bounty hunting monsters, recovering lost items and conducting investigations. Eventually though you'll be swept up in a major conspiracy that will have you playing a key part in the events of your nation. The game world is detailed and well realised with a real weight of history. The characters are charming and likeable and each gets plenty of screen time to develop so that you actually come to genuinely care about them.The combat sytem is solid, nothing revolutionary but enough meat so you wont get bored with it. Enemies are visible on the main screen so you can avoid them if you wish or sneak up behind for some bonuses in combat.The graphics are dated, but its a ten year old game, that said the game still looks good at high resolutions with bright colours and a nice anime style, I found they had really grown on me by the end of the game, despite the low polygon count. I really can't recommend this highly enough, if you like JRPG's you owe it to yourself to buy this game.Pros:+ Well detailed world with believable politics and history+ Very strong narrative+ Likeable characters+ Some humorous dialogue+ Slow burn, starts small, finishes big+ Good soundrack+/- There is a lot of reading in this. I personally love this type of character and world building but your milage may vary. For me this is an absolute plus but just a heads up. I say ""Yay, plot!"" you take might be ""Ewwww,reading?""Cons:- Graphics are a little dated, but hey its a 10 year old game. They grow on you.- You'll have to wait for the second chapter. This will be hard."
76561198062803641,Recommended,251150,32398935,Posted: 13 June,all,Michasan,"Great jRPG. It has an entertaining, amazing story in which you get attached to the characters, lots of bonus context, easy to learn combat, and beautiful artwork. My only issue with it is there's way too much reading."
,Recommended,251150,34197866,Posted: 12 August,all,Ravenholme,"A fantastic JRPG with neat tactical combat reminscent of SRPGs, with fantastic music and brilliant writing. Loveable characters (Seriously, if you don't end up adoring them, but especially Olivier, you don't have a heart), great world-building, and a brillaint plot.The only major problem is that the main story is quite slow burn, taking a few sizeable chapters before the central mystery really starts to be illuminated (in Chapter 2)Also serves to set up the even better Second Chapter and♥♥♥♥♥♥the 3rd"
,Recommended,251150,11468359,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Iridium,"A classic RPG, now with quotation marks. 255/10.But seriously, yeah, if you don't mind an RPG that's a little slow-paced and aren't bothered by the fact that it's over ten year old, this is one of the best out there. Now that it's on Steam with its sequel coming out at some point before 2700, there's no excuse to overlook it. Music, per all Falcom games, is phenomenal, and the gameplay is easily recommended for fans of Golden Sun or Radiant Historia.This game is the highlight of my Winter 2013 and I'm excited to see a new group of people get a chance to experience it."
76561198031208547,Recommended,251150,11467206,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,buttwife,"Get this game!Characters are refreshing, dialogue is fun and genuinely worth reading, and the world is really deep. But more than that, the game itself is really polished - you can tell a lot of care went into getting this to run well; textures, framerate, translation, everything is just really a joy to play. If you're a fan of JRPGs (true classics) then this is a definite must-have."
,Recommended,251150,11476538,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Darshe,So far so good. Love the plot. Reminds me of my youth...(in gaming not IRL). Oldschool game with decent graphics. The only downside is figuring out how to use the menu - Its RIGHT CLICK to press things not LEFT CLICK! Took me longer than is socially acceptable to figure this out. ~Just a heads up.Randycamel
76561198041690376,Recommended,251150,13732222,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,RB,"I really had no idea what to expect when I picked Trails in the Sky up, but was rewarded with an wonderful adventure spanning everything from coming of age, monster hunting, bounty hunter (after a fashion), political shananigains, and ancient world ruining artifacts.Trails starts off rather slow and seemingly unsure of itself, but by the end of the prologue it has a firm grasp of what it intends to be and then it all takes off at an ever increasing pace.Combat is not great, but it's not terrible with the turn based system, but this game really shines in the visuals and character depth. By the end, it is quite easy to relate to many of the characters in one way or another, and it does this without lessening the larger-than-life feel some of them have.All in all, a solid, enjoyable JRPG."
76561198141217033,Recommended,251150,20046321,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Blaues Gras,wow
,Recommended,251150,31080423,Posted: 11 April,all,Yuuki,"Just finished it, really great game, it has everything you look into a j-rpg, a very great lifetime for the price (And even more if you want the 100%).If you like j-rpg, buy  it, it's worth it."
,Recommended,251150,11792637,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,[G@mer]LuKii,"Dear potential ""The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky"" buyer,as you are probably looking throught the reviews to read about the pros and cons about a game which you want to spend your hard earned money on, you came to the right place ! (or review ... ^^)Now that I already was on the same spot as you are now, I now want to cover some point of what you have to expect.First off, I have now finshed the game, which took me about 40 hours so I can confidently say I know the game a bit ;)These are the points I want to cover:-) Story-) Gameplay-) Controls-) Graphics-) Sound-) Conclusion-) StoryYou know that feeling when reading a good book and don't want to stop because you wanna know what happens next ? Well, welcome to The Legend of Heroes !It is really a very well written story with a lot of emotion. You can expect a rollercoaster ride with your heart once you are fallen with the characters. There is everything you want from a good story: love, hate, friendship, betrayal and tons of unexcpected events which makes it hard to stop playing.Even the NPCs (they don't deserve the name in this game as each and every of them as a personal story) are inflicted in the story and make it more complex.The only drawback is that this game only covers the first part of the trilogy (the other two part may arrive on steam too)I do not want to tell any of the story here as you should experience it for yourself ;)A little warning tough: If you don't like a lot of reading and and a deep an long story you are maybe wrong at this game.TL;DR: If you are fed up from shooter games with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story, feel free to jump in a game which will blow your mind.-) GameplayI would call the gameplay genre standard. It is a typical jrpg with turn based combat system. There is everything from basic attacks over special attacks (which are specific for every playable character) and magic (which is available through so called orbments). If you are familiar with the grandia series then you know how it works in this game. The game is not too hard nor too easy and has tons of quests and sidequests which you should complete to get more money to invest in better equiment and items to improve the stats of the characters. Important: You can beat the game without having to farm monsters. Speaking of monsters: The game is splitted in different areas called maps. Maps can be towns, passways, caves, buildings etc. and may contain enemys. You have to defeat enemys to make progress in the game and level up your character, which also increases stats.-) ControlsI am using the Xbox 360 Controller and the only thing that I have done is reassigning the X,Y,A and B buttons as it was not 100% comfortable at default.Other that that the controls work flawlessly.I cannot say how this game plays with keyboard and mouse as I didn't use them at all.-) GraphicsThe graphics are beautiful and look good, similar to the grandia series.XSEED recently started patching the games with HD textures (as stated on their facebook page), so it should get even better over time.It supports high resolution screens and I can safely say I had no issues and/or crashing the whole 40 hours.-) SoundI really enjoyed the orchestral soundtrack, which underlines and supports the story and makes it even more intense and dramatic. Be ready to get epic battle music when the big bosses show up.Other than that, the music is a little bit repetitive but it was not that big of a deal.P.s: the whole soundtrack is located in game directory (folder ""BGM"") and features high quality .ogg files.-) ConclusionIf you like JRPGs or you want to take a break from the plain old shooter games, than I can safely say that this game has very well earned your money and time. You get an awesome game with even better story, graphics and sound which will set you back 40 hours of great gameplay."
76561197967635545,Recommended,251150,11475761,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Shabroky,"Already being a fan of X-SEED's ports of the Ys series, I was very excited to give this one a try. I am pleased to say that, had I known what was in store for me, I would gladly have paid the full price, and perhaps more.If you are a fan of JRPGs in general, you'll like this. If you liked Final Fantasy VII's approach to magic, you'll like this. If you like a tactics-style battle system which doesn't horribly penalize you for making a slight error, you'll like this.It has a (so far) deep plot and lovable characters, and the visuals and music are both equally stunning. It does have some bugs, but so far all of the ones I've encountered have been easily fixed by a quick visit to the community hub (my only bugs were visual ones related to the intro movie).I can't wait to delve even deeper in to this gem."
,Recommended,251150,12758177,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ZDreamer,"Great JRPG. Very good story and characters, interesting battle system."
76561198058735343,Recommended,251150,12652227,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,billdoiron,"Really, really fun game.  Great JRPG."
,Recommended,251150,14443835,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,KxYs.Kaixer,Awesome game.Awaiting Second Chapter.
,Recommended,251150,13948598,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tu'Yak,"Great jrpg, bought it because a friend on steam had it and said it was good. I have always been a sucker for turn based combat (loved ff7 but who didn't) The graphics are great, story is not dull, and combat is fun! what more could you ask for, the price and length of the game (I have read it is very long) is well worth the 10-15 euro depending on when you bought it."
76561198018066796,Recommended,251150,14631360,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,makoto,"This is less a review and more a series of thoughts concerning the game.This game looks incredibly generic, from the title to the artstyle to the overarching story. But there's a reason generic elements are so ubiqutous: when someone that knows what they're doing uses them, they work really well. And Falcom knows what they're doing. The combat system is rather pedestrian, but if you're playing this game for the combat, well, like they say back home, you're doing it wrong.I've seen multiple places describe this game as being ""huge"", particularly concerning the story, but a better adjective would be ""rich"". You're not going to get an 100 hour epic with universal implications, you're not going to get miles upon miles of ingame territory filled to the brim with secrets, but you will get a vivid and powerful experience, most notably in the story, andespeciallywith the writing. Believe the hype on that count, the writing in this game is an absolute masterclass.I've also seen a lot of places compare this to Tales of Symphonia, and while I see where they're coming from, the similarities are pretty superficial in my opinion. They're both fantastic games though.If you like JRPGs, you should buy this game. Not to ""support JRPGs on Steam"" or whatever, but because it's a freaking good JRPG. You shouldn't need to buy it to make a statement, you should buy it to enjoy it.I'm really glad I waited this long to play the game, because if I had played it back in July, hoo-boy. The wait for SC would have been a killer. It's a killer now, and I beat the game last night.Finally, thank you so much to XSEED for taking a chance on this game, it truly has been a pleasure to experience, and I'll be handing you my money for SC with a smile on my face."
76561198040860820,Recommended,251150,19006491,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,celmonas,"If you like a long JRPG with a good story, this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,251150,14791728,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Hal,"I´ve played RPGs on PC and other Platforms as far as I can remember back. But the last RPG I actually finished was Dragon Age Origins. I don´t really know, what happened after that point - but to me it somehow seems, modern games in this genre have lost something. Something, I´m somehow unable to name - for the time to come, lets refer to it as ""Charme"".Visuals made a really big step forward, but somehow that little special something, which makes a game unique got lost on the way. I didn´t like the last 2-3 Final Fantasy Games, neither could I enjoy Dragon Age Inquisition. For me, the genre was kind of dead.Until last summer. I stumbled upon Trails in the Sky. I´ve heard of the game before, but I only knew it was originally a PSP Game with ... well lets say decent critcs. As a huge fan of JRPGs I thought ""okay, 15 Euros - you can´t make much wrong at that price"" After that I have to admit, I sort of forgot about the game since I had to work abroad for almost half a year.In my winter holidays, I finally found the time to tackle the game.It sort of left me back stunned. I finished the game in about 50 hours, In three days, in one go. I dont even remember the last game, which managed it to make me to this. I won´t praise Trails to the skies, (pun not intended) it has enough flaws in my opinion. I mean the story in the first installment is ... well somewhat predictable if you ask me and I don´t consider it very original, but it somehow breathes that certain atmosphere or charme I talked already about. The protagonists, as well as the rest of the main cast, are incredible likeable and you simply want to know, whats happening next. So, all I can actually say is - buy it, support the developers and simply enjoy it.Id like to tip my head to XSeed, for bringing us such a gem. All I can do now, is to wait for the second part and hope I won´t have to wait for to long. But nevertheless, SC is already on my ""buy on sight"" list"
76561198062909960,Recommended,251150,19098609,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Ade Dead Evil,so cool
,Recommended,251150,20233061,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JayPea13,Pretty good game so far I haven't got very far into it but it seems like it will be fun.
,Recommended,251150,20182906,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,yep,"i would say this game is on par with some of the best JRPG ever.Dialogs, not just the main dialogs are so well written and sometimes chuckled me.Music, top notch nuf said.Itemization and skill build, its not that deep but it still will make you think the way you approach the fight.Fight, the best thing of this game. Sometimes AI just 'being AI' (not that smart) but most of the time you really need to plan out the sequence and how will you fight.Overall great game and recommended for you who loves classic JRPG."
,Recommended,251150,16292609,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,NovaCrusade,"Honestly, after playing through this game, it's set at a -very- low price point of $20, considering it's content. There was so much text, detail and care put into this JRPG as I played through it, and I didn't even really explore what every NPC had to say, and missed an optional dungeon along the way.However, I have to say I'm not a big fan of how the combat is set up. If this game had combat more along the lines of Final Fantasy Tactics or Disgaea, I think I could see myself playing through the whole series; but this is not the case. It isn't bad, but it doesn't keep me interested in the gameplay part. The story and detail is what kept me playing mostly. 9/10, 1 off for the combat only."
,Recommended,251150,20149681,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Aloe,"This game is full of feels, cliches, interesting fights, grinding levels and did I mention feels? I played about 50h for one playthrough. Did most of the sidequests and defeated all road side beasts in about 4 days. I just couldnt stop playing, it's like reading an interesting book, it's the same feeling.Now I have to play the sequel aswell becuase I need to know how this ends."
,Recommended,251150,18898958,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ｍ ｅ ｍ ｅ   ｃ ａ ｔ,"""Looks like someone's been naughty""10/10"
,Recommended,251150,20618285,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Hector Plz,"easily one of the best 5 JRPGs out there. Good port too, 9.5/10 easily"
,Recommended,251150,11981751,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Sabre,"JRPGs tend to be a rare breed on Steam or PC in general.  But iuf you one of the JRPG fans out there that loves the genre and you're looking for a great game to play, you cannot pass up Trails in the Sky.Great story, nice worlding buidling and a interesting cast of characters that don't fall deep into trope land like some JRPGs are known for.  Not to mention the battle system is simple and easy to get into and understand yet it does offer a level of deeps to it to allow you to customize your  characters to fit certain rolls you'd like them to fill.Mad props to XSEED as well for putting their own flavor in the game in certain areas and doing an awesom localization job."
,Recommended,251150,14045265,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ameotoko666,Throughly enjoying this game. Great story and enjoy the combat mechanic. Excellent localization. Hope more JRPGs like this make it to Steam. I'm playing with a cordless Logitech Rumblepad without any problems. Love this game. Looking forward to Second Chapter.
,Recommended,251150,14737733,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Wheat,"TL;DR - if you love JRPGs like Pokemon or LoZ: Link Between Worlds, this game would do nice in your Steam library.This game is easily in my top 5 JRPG I've ever played. Its a cute (yet somehow kinda mature) adventure that'll get you emotionally attached to the characters and make you wish it would never end. The game lasts about 30+ hours without sidequests or getting lost (probably won't happen as there is a nice map), but if you play the game like a normal person (doing most of the sidequests), it'll take you between 40-50+ hours. Replay value is definitly there. You have the option to import your last character's stats, weapons, armor, and general items. At the end of the game, you'll be thinking ""the heck did I just witness?"" so replaying the game will give you a stronger understanding of the game. P.S. play the game with a controller!"
,Recommended,251150,17669686,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Da Killah Genius,"Great Game10 out of 10, CLASSIC, I love this game, I can't wait for {The Second Chapter}"
76561198077312909,Recommended,251150,17702274,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Oceanonis,I need Chapter 2 to be finished with traslation!
76561198017593094,Recommended,251150,16018274,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,John Titor (Crestfallen Meme),"It has been a long time since I played an JRPG that I was truly sad to finish. A great game, with a nice story, an OST that fits the theme and tone of each moment of the adventure, and a  solid battle system: easy to understand, hard to master, and it gives you a lot to play around with, as you can pretty much build your characters to fulfill multiple roles depending on your needs.And then, there are the characters and their development. If the story albeit nothing extremely new was good, and the combat system great... the characters are even better . They show the perfect mix of humor, development  and a lot of them, even the non playable have an interesting background behind them . It's hard to find a single character you don't grow up to like, and you just gotta love some of their interactions. Plus, the whole relationship development between Estelle and Joshua is at the same time well paced, feel's natural,  and never gets boring thanks to the introduction of some anime cliches, which are however not abused.And hell, like any good memorable JRPG, it has it;s share of plot twists.To sum up:Great game, can't wait till they port the second chapter to PC"
,Recommended,251150,15421183,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,jdooley1209,"loved the game, completed my first playthrough and wow i thought it was a great game the whole way  through but the ending made me not want to wait for the 2nd one. reccomended!"
,Recommended,251150,19288671,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Falts,"This game was absolutely amazing. Side missions, good story, great combat, and easy to follow. This game had everything I wanted in a JRPG that would keep me wanting more. The end was beautiful and set up for another game that is already out now. I would reccommend this game to anyone that is interested in any turn based JRPG style games. No reason to miss out on something so great, especially during the Thanksgiving 50% off sale."
76561197992531570,Recommended,251150,13903656,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,veral42,"Synopsis:With an unbelievably detailed world, a great soundtrack throughout, and a beautifully detailed story (and characters) Trails in the Sky is one of the best JRPG series available to date.   The first game in the Trails series (a trilogy, currently with game 2 in the series predicted to get it's US launch in 2015) introduces us to the heroes of our story, Joshua Bright and Estelle Bright.  The game, with between 70-90 hours worth of gameplay, follows the story of our heroes as they set out from their hometown in their quest to become full-fledged members of their guild, the Bracers.  Over the  course of their journey we're able to watch as both Joshua and Estelle grow and meet a number of other individuals who aid them in their quest to bring peace and resolution to the rising turmoil in their home country of Liberl.While I could ramble on and on with a wall of text, I think that this is a fair synopsis of the story, and as such will proceed to the pros and cons of this game.Pros:Up to 8 playable party members, each with a fully developed backstory that's revealed as the game progressesGreat voice acting (even in English!) really sets this game apart from numerous other RPG gamesGraphics fit well with the genre and themes of the game and are complimented well by the game's music, though they are clearly not the most modern graphics availableRich story-driven game experience, something every JRPG fan will be able to love and appreciate""Quartz"" system allows for characters to be dynamically built to fit almost any role they're needed forDetailed dialogue with both NPCs and [empty] Chests builds a more immersive game world for the player to exploreLarge, flowing game world that feels neither to linear or too small for the grandeur of the storyGuild questing system offers a  prevalent, immersive side-questing feature to the gameCons:Part 1/3 in the Trails series, while not truly a ""con"" per-se only part 2/3 has been confirmed for release in the US (allegedly via Steam) in 2015 despite all 3 parts having been released overseas already, if part 3 never makes it stateside fans of the series will have to seek out a ""fanlated"" download for the 3rd installment as all 3 parts combine into a single complete story (yes, each sequel is a DIRECT sequel, picking up right where the previous game left off)Preemptive strike can be finicky at times, registering a monster's facing as having changed up to 2-3 noticeable seconds before the on-screen model responds to the changeBacktracking, LOTS of backtracking, I can't stress enough how much backtracking there is in this gameAnd following right  along with backtracking, monster spawns have no variation or randomization to them, instead each monster model will always result in a fight with the same type/amount of enemies each time you engage it, which leads fight to grow repetitive over the duration of a chapterExpensive quartz crafting system makes optimizing characters costly and time consumingFinal Evaluation:Truly, this is one of the best JRPGs that I have played in ages, and it's easily my favorite start to any series since Tales of Symphonia got its US port.  So what can I say?  The pros here speak for themselves, this is a game deeply entrenched in the ideas of good storytelling first-and foremost and it serves this game well (as it serves any quality RPG well), especially with how well the voice actors were chosen for the US port of this game.  Plus, after so long with the Arts system used in the Tales series the Quartz mechanic was also a nice fresh breather from what had become oh-so-familiar.  The cons are more of a hit-or-miss experience wise, and for the sake of my final evaluation I'll overlook the obvious glaring issues with this game being [part] 1/3 in a series where the ending may never even see the light of day (officially) in the US.  The quartz system's costs and the monster spawns depend on you personally.  I didn't mind the quartz format since I never ran from combat, but never running led to numerous boring fights that really made me ""feel the grind""... so to speak.  Again, for me, the backtracking didn't bother me as it typically comes with the JRPG territory  but for others this can be a big turn off, especially with all the side quests this game features.The Final Take:Graphics - 8/10These graphics really fit the game well.  Clearly a step up from the traditional JRPG turn-based combat system but falls a bit short by failing to go all-the-way and implementing real-time combat and appropriate AI.Audio - 10/10A beautiful soundtrack that is used well throughout the entire game to truly maximize the emotions any given scene is trying to evoke in the player.  Perfect.Gameplay - 7/10Gameplay can be hindered, at times, by the lack of 360-degree control.  This is especially noticed during travel between places and attempting to engage from behind enemies.  The preemptive strike mechanic also seems to be somewhat glitchy and it would be remise of me to not take these flaws into account when thinking about the game's overall gameplay.  Otherwise, it's a solid, all-around JRPG... though I do wish there were a bit more player control on the battle map.Game World - 10/10An amazing game world with a very detailed society and social structure.  Coupled with the flawless execution of cross-border politics and the promise of other countries opening up to the player in the remainder of the series makes this a land no JRPG fan will be able to resist exploring.Story - 9/10A very well executed story.  Cliché  at times, predictable at others, and a bit underwhelming in the climax due to the carry over into the rest of the series.  The characters develop well over the course of the game though and all of the characters are very likable.  With well written dialogue and a story that operates smoothly on a national scale it's a thoroughly enjoyable experience.Difficulty - 6/10Hmm... this one's a bit difficult.  Leveling is almost unnecessary through most of the game, you'll do just fine just fighting what you happen to run into by chance.  Until act 4.  Once you reach the final act enemies are MUCH more durable and dish out FAR more punishment.  Dungeons in act 4 serve to power level  characters to the level the game wants them at (which in my case was a 10 level bump into the 30s from the 20s).Final Score - 8/10A very well done JRPG with solid overall presentation throughout.  Beautiful music, quality writing, and genuinely likable characters transformed what could have been a passable story into a truly memorable experience.  If you don't like turn based combat or the JRPG genre then this game might not be the right game for you but for those of you who like an expansive, immersive JRPG story this is a must own series."
76561197990570942,Recommended,251150,15167459,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Regulus,"Trails in the Sky is quite an investment of time (as expected from an average RPG), and it fails to disappoint. The game has surprisingly jivey beats and boppity boops that you will never get tired of. The battle system is very similar to that of Grandia which an extremely good battle system for a JRPG and in my opinion is very underused. Like Grandia, the game doesn't feature a random battle system, but if you arent quick to avoid an enemy, then you may find yourself in combat at a disadvantage. The CP meter makes for a very diverse battle system all while keeping it simple and enjoyable. The Slot and Quartz system also makes for a huge variety in character customization to fit your playstyle perfectly. MOST characters in this game are very unique, and play their roles superbly whether it is comic relief, or intense.Even though this game is great, it does have it's drawbacks. The two main characters at times can be cliche and bland (as the game progresses they do manage to grow on you, so it's not awful). The game also doesn't have too much in terms of replayability, so if you get it I suggest doing all the sidequests and getting the most of the game on the first run through."
76561198070209268,Recommended,251150,29934932,Posted: 14 February,all,littlebro79,"Fantastic game. It may not be for everyone what with the long dialogue and dated graphics. The story is intriguing and ends on a huge cliffhanger.Tons of side quests (which are a tad generic). Lots of character interactions - like many have said before, it very much feels like the world is actually alive. NPC's dialogue changes after story events.It's very much a traditional JRPG and it doesn't stray too far from that paradigm, but it's clear that a lot of love and care went into this game."
76561198037263645,Recommended,251150,30107920,Posted: 22 February,all,Isys,"Good game, reminds me of the old SNES games like Chronotrigger or Zelda. Like a friend described it ""tiny people and insatiably cute"".The only drawback i have found is that there is sooooo muuuch dialoooog. You will wearout your mouse clicking through it all."
,Recommended,251150,16926527,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,SethC95,"I remember playing this on the PSP a few years back, I loved it then and I still love it now. This game is ridiculously detailed, and the story is just full of twists and turns that will make you keep coming back. This, in my opinion, is the best version of the game after playing it on PSP.Story+ Detailed and gripping story that's almost like reading a book ( if you don't like reading this isn't for you )+ Memorable characters+ Tons of side quests that also tend to be full of dialogue and have an impact on the story ever so slightly to where it feels like you've made a difference.+ NPCs constantly move around as the story progresses and aren't simply glued into a single position like some games. Even what they say constantly changes to continue where they left off !+ / - Some of the scenes contain silly one-liners; if you can't tolerate this steer clear.Music+ The soundtrack is just catchy, beautiful, badass, and emotional ..! I have nothing more to add.Art+ Art is well done for it's time and is certainly an improvement over the PSP version.+ Character portraits aid the texts in depicting emotion, they're wonderfully detailed; you can feel the emotion flowing from each one !GameplayPlayability+ The game can be played with just a mouse or keyboard, and even both ! You can even hook up a gamepad and play, the direct input system makes it x100 easier to setup !+ Menus are extremely easy to navigate both in and out of combat !Map and Combat+ Gameplay is designed well, allowing you to sneak up on enemies for preemptive strikes, but be careful as they can sneak up on you !+ Has a similar system to materia ( if you're familiar with FF7 :P ), called ""Quartz."" Quartz allows you to apply temporary bonuses to your characters only while they're equipped, but wait there's more ! Depending on the element value of said quartz, you'll also unlock more Arts ( magic ) to use in combat !!+ Battles are a mix of tactical strategy and turn-based combat. The battles grow in difficulty as the game progresses and forces you to make tactical decisions by switching your equipped quartz to aid you in coming battles.+ As you fight enemies the EXP will either increase or decrease based on your level + the enemy's level, allowing you to easily catch up, or be prevented from going FAR over level. ( lowest possible EXP is 1 per enemy )Economy+ Mira is the general currency of the kingdom, but it's not so easily obtained. Mira can be acquired mainly through completing requests or selling items. However, there's a secondary currency with a more major role, Sepith. Sepith can be used to create Quartz, but can also be converted into Mira !+ Monsters don't drop Mira ( why does a monster need money ? ), but they drop Sepith because they're attracted to it.Miscellaneous+ Tons of treasure chests to collect++ Treasure chests will troll you if you attempt to loot them after being looted+ Eating food allows you to learn recipes.. collect them all to heal your friends or try the recipe in your own kitchen !+ There's a newspaper, Liberl News, that updates you on the events in the world. There's also a novel, and a book that teaches you Cat language. Hours of reading !+ Rare fluffly shining enemies ( shining poms ), can you find and kill all 5 for each chapter ?"
76561198004185359,Recommended,251150,16854763,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,montagohalcyon,"Normally I don't go out of my way to recommend games no matter how great they are (this is the first one I've done), but I'm making an exception here.I play a lot of RPGs, but of late I seem to have trouble finishing them.  Sometimes this is by design (Elder Scrolls).  Sometimes the earlier entries in a series have clunky mechanics or run poorly (Mass Effect 1), maybe the setting is kind of generic (Dragon Age) or too ""mature"" (The Witcher).  Not to say these are bad games, in fact some of them are pretty awesome regardless/have awesome parts/lead to awesome future installments!More relevantly, as this is a JRPG, I'd recently tried replaying FFVI, which I'd nostalgically remembered as one of the all-time greats, and...couldn't get into it, at all.  Mechanics, story, setting, characters, didn't really catch my interest or seemed nonsensical.  Couldn't muster the enthusiasm to even start my planned replay of FFVIII after that.  I thought, ""well, maybe my tastes have changed over the years and JRPGs just aren't my thing anymore"".But then, I found this (cannot for the life of me remember how, but thankful I did).  I blazed through nonstop start to finish and am eagerly anticipating the next installment.  Okay, I've been blathering on for multiple paragraphs about other games, forget making an elegant transition, let's start listing some things I liked in no particular order:+ Setting:  a constitutional monarchy in the midst of its industrial revolution sandwiched between an empire and a republic.  Sort of steampunk-ish?  I always like that kind of thing, when done right.  The definition of ""done right"" is, I suppose, a matter of personal taste.  Dishonored = yes, Final Fantasy = excuse to have tech levels all over the place.+ Worldbuilding and attention to detail!  You will not find generic Townsperson, Old Woman, Soldier, etc. NPCs.  They all have a name, something to say, places to go, family and friends, and it all changes throughout the game.  There is a newspaper (two of the reporters are recurring characters) and serial novel.  On another level, at one point in the final chapter, the option of fleeing and seeking political asylum in a foreign embassy is briefly discussed where I think most stories would just skip straight to having a final showdown.+ The small scale and general lightheartedness of the story.  Although the stakes do get high near the end, for much of it Estelle and Joshua are just travelling through the land as trainee bracers.  Personally I get tired of being the Ultimate Hero, the Chosen One of Destiny, Saving the Entire World occasionally.  At the same time, other, more senior bracers ARE off doing Big Important Things.  Tying in with the above, it makes the setting feel more believable to me.+ Great music!  Which I've heard is standard for Famicom, but I wouldn't know.+ Great localization!  I have a newfound appreciation for the work that goes into these recently after observing the development of and playing through the newest fan patch for Fire Emblem 6...and that is nowhere close to the amount of translation needed here.+ Combat:  this is no Fire Emblem, but battles do take place in turns, on a grid, with a variety of AOE and line attacks.  Random bonuses are available at certain phases of the combat.  Needing to consider positioning and turn order (perhaps using an S-craft to steal an enemy's guaranteed critical, for example) helps it feel more strategic than, say, cast Ultima for 9999 damage, repeat until dead.  Something else I appreciate:  Enemies are visible on the map, so if you don't feel like having a random encounter GOOD NEWS!+ Characters:  the main character (Estelle) is a girl!  the main character's badass dad and mentor (Cassius) is not automatically dead or retired by virtue of being in those roles!  Joshua attempts to be a Dark, Angsty, Brooding Hero with a Mysterious Past, but Estelle shuts him down until it is relevant! *cough* Squall *cough*+ Not sure how to categorize this:  the six temporary characters join the party when they have a story role and leave when they don't.  They have agendas of their own, you know.  It bugs me at times in other games when the number of people travelling with me is far in excess of my arbitrary maximum headcount, or conversely someone is still there when their stated reason no longer exists.+ OMGWTFBBQ the ending"
76561198004310949,Recommended,251150,16539544,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,jzchuan,Excellent JRPG with fantastic story and solid mechanics.
76561198000600040,Recommended,251150,13545509,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,kosutusas,Get this dank♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197993629181,Recommended,251150,13855431,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Jayco#3186 (Discord),"I have never in my life played this game, yet within the first 10 minutes it brought such a strong feeling of nostalgia. If you're into the classic RPG's such as Breath of Fire series, you'll truly enjoy this. The story so far seems great, a very in depth world that you get thrown into yet feel at home with. Mix in some twists and some pretty decent comic relief and you have yourself a very addictive habit of wanting to see where it all leads to."
,Recommended,251150,13805013,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kyoukai,"This game is gonna be one of the best JRPG i ever play !I Bought this game because  it looks like my favourite game in PS1 ""Suikoden'.And my expectations are true !I finished this game almost spent my time 70 Hours.The ending was so sad. My tears fell slightly.Why Joshua left Estelle alone?They've been together to fight until the end...*In the last ending credit, it said there will be the Second Chapter of this game.I Hope ""Xseed"" will launch the Second Chapter to Steam !And the last things I want to say for this game is "" GG ! """
76561197968968835,Recommended,251150,11894256,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Archaon,Been awhile where I've played an RPG which was fun to play and had a damn good story with lovable characters. Definitely ranked as one of my favorite RPGs. Play this game it's worth the money!
76561198129137046,Recommended,251150,11542205,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,NillaNate,Green/purple split video bug has been patched. Thanks devs!
76561198065003236,Recommended,251150,11819376,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,CubeyCube,An amazing JRPG with a deep story and memorable characters. Buy this game now!!
,Recommended,251150,11809344,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,[V]4mpz0r,"It Was a Great Game, Interesting Twist at The End. Truely Enjoyed The Game, Cant Wait For The Sequel"
76561197997288091,Recommended,251150,14001848,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Shaniril,"The good:- Excellent soundtrack- Well-written plot- World setting is extremely detailed and absolutely brimming with lore- You can see the encounters on the map and thus potentially avoid battles you don't want to engage in- Interesting, if somewhat outdated, battlesystem- Save -ANYWHERE- outside of combat or ""cutscenes""Questionable (may turn some people off):- Slow but deliberate pacing for the first few hours during the prologue chapter- Text-based dialogue (a TON of it)The bad:- Graphics are noticably from an older era, though they have been updated with HD textures-"
76561198042441176,Recommended,251150,13918335,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Xeraegis,"One of the most enjoyable JRPGs I've played in a long time. If you like turn based strategy games with a great, lengthy story and hours of fantastic gameplay, this game is for you."
,Recommended,251150,11923445,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sen,Do you recommend this game? Yes.
76561198054557849,Recommended,251150,11927007,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,RPR,Got insulted by an empty chest.
76561197993249012,Recommended,251150,13657168,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Meanpanda,"This is honestly a great RPG from a lost era.  Story/characters are *amazing*, music is decent, combat is a bit repetitive and slightly slow, but not too bad!  Overall quite incredible, 9/10!"
76561198036144510,Recommended,251150,13990460,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,TheSlinger,"Just finished the game, writing my first ever steam review for it. Absolutely worth buying if you like JRPGs and similar games. Great in-depth story with a ton of world-buidling. Very interesting characters and the developers went the extra mile in giving personality to all sorts of assorted NPCs who you'll only see once in addition to the ~25 characters who are deeply involved in the main story. Decent battle system although nothing too complex, difficulty feels just right - easy if you do a ton of grinding and challenging otherwise - with a very satisfying final boss. Lots of touching cutscenes. Great soundtrack with some very hype boss music. Overall an ideal JRPG experience. Now just need to count the time until the sequel comes on steam :("
76561198049099025,Recommended,251150,13803386,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Oz,"First things first: if you arent' a fan of JRPGs, or RPGs in general, this probably isn't for you. If, however, you enjoy a good story, plentiful dialogue, and a world that feels alive, then it might be just for you.This is the best game that I have played in a long time.  I expected this to just be a long, vaguely engaging RPG.  I must admit the title sucked me in.  Longest RPG?  Let's find out.  Well, it turns out it was no bluff.   It started with being rich with story line and having a large inviting world, but I was put off guard by the surprisingly good dialogue.  Some of the lines made me just stop and think, for their sheer provocation of thought.  And the dialogue keeps going too. I was amazed at how many unique conversations you could have with seemingly uninvolved NPCs, and expecially with the more prominent characters who might be just relaxing on the sidelines.  The amount of dialogue, and quality of dialogue, is simply staggering.  It's fantastic.That's not to say that gameplay has been neglected.  In fact, the turn-based hybrid-ish system isn't quite like anything I've seen.  FFXII comes to mind, but there isn't much similiarity even there.   However, know that it's fun, engaging, and doesn't get tiresome.  The battle theme is also the classiest I've ever known.  I wouldn't have expected such a jazzy number to be the default, but lo and behold, it is.The music certainly is deserving of acclaim as well.  Some of the tracks can fall just in the background, and not have attention brought to them.  Others can make you grin as you stop to listen to them for awhile.  The soundtrack is pretty good, overall.  No faults certainly, and some of the songs rank among my favorites.All in all, it's a fantastic game.  I can say it's easily worth $40 to me, so at it's current price it's quite good value.  I will warn though: I can't foresee how much replay value can be found in this.  So while you can put at least 20 hours into the game for a rushed playthrough, you might also speak to every person and do every quest, relishing the atmosphere.  If you do that, you could probably spend more than 50 hours playing this.  I've put in about 35 hours of this writing, and I haven't even finished the game yet! (Quite close though). It's quite the charmer, but again, it might be something you enjoy once, and don't do again.  Perhaps like reading a good book.Honestly, if you enjoy this game half as much as I do, you'll be rather pleased. And if you enjoy it more than that?  'Twill be your win.  I hope you get this game, dear reader.  It will make a worthy addition to your library.  =)"
,Recommended,251150,14535057,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Tounu,"Liking RPG ?Liking japanese RPG style ?Liking eating thousands of text lines ?Loving monsters farming ?Loving chest telling you random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ?Loving expect a ******* sequel which you don't know the release date ?If the answer is ""yes sir!"", you'll surely enjoy the game.[...]I didn't hear you, say: ""YES SIR!"""
,Recommended,251150,11896734,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,T-Rex,"Great little rpg. Battle system is turnbased and tactical, good magic system and you feel like you can customize your characters to play how you want."
76561198002007784,Recommended,251150,12425865,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ghenrich,"This game is great homage to old school JRPGs like FF7. Story is engaging and well paced, but it's light hearted and not overly serious. Combat system is well designed and fun to play. I'm 35 hours in and only on chapter 3. (there is a fairly long prologue and 4 chapters) so there is plenty of content to suck up your time. Even with plenty of other higher profile games in my library waiting for me to play, I find myself continually coming back to this game. My only real complaint is the music.  I find it to be kind of annoying, the quality isn't that great, and it gets old fast. Other than that this is an amazing game!!!Long story short, if you like turn based JRPGs then you should absolutely buy this game. For $20 it is well worth it because you can easily burn 40+ hours on this game. Go buy it already so they will hurry up with Part 2."
,Recommended,251150,11667195,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,toffeemuffincupcake,"Definite recommend! The battle system, once you get used to adding up the values of your various quartz to get particular abilities, is actually very intuitive. I also like the element of being able to pick and choose your battles and see them coming, rather than the old style 'random encounter'.The world is rich and immersive, although I find the main characters quite 2-dimensional so far, something I hope will change come the release of Trails in the Sky: SC. However, while the characters themselves seem to be fairly predictable caricatures so far, the storyline is interesting and combined with the brilliant world-building is really quite something. It is also quite amusing seeing the NPCs going through their own little mini-plots and giving their take on the major events in the game!Word of warning though - it is extremely easy to miss your chances for things in this game; save frequently, save often and if you are the kind of gamer that likes a complete save file, I strongly recommend making use of the interwebs frequently throughout your gameplay."
,Recommended,251150,23852390,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ottisbuns,"I want to start of this review with a simple message:BUY. THIS. GAME.The characters are great, the gameplay is good and the story is interesting but a bit slow in the start.I do like the second chapter more than this one but this one is still one of my favorite games EVER. Do yourself a favor and buy both chapters now.Just be prepared: the chests in this game are VERY judgemental."
76561198080593614,Recommended,251150,16702257,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,joey101998,Amzing. Totally hooked.
,Recommended,251150,16863919,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Akanbe,I played it on the PSP years ago and am playing it again now.  Pretty much a fantastic JRPG that looks like something from the PSX era but with much more of a modern polish.  9/10 easily if you're a fan of the genre.
76561198073359322,Recommended,251150,16771389,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DoctorSlightlyIrritating,"Probably the best JRPG I've played in five years.  An old school game from the days when men were amnesiacs, girls were secretly princesses, and villains kept squinting so that everybody would know they were evil."
76561198011933026,Recommended,251150,17514728,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,PoyoDiablo,"The GameTrails in the Sky is a sort of spinoff of the Dragon Slayer line of games.The full title should be The Legend of Heroes VI: Trails in the Sky, chapter 1 (of 3).The series currently contains 8 main titles, some of which splited in 2 or 3 chapters, but this one is the only available on Steam (chapter 2 should arrive soon, though)This is a single player only tactical-jRPG. Fights are done on an isometric square map, turn-by-turn.You control up to 4 characters (depending on the scenario) and can't chose which character will be in the party (except at some point in the game). Most of the time, 2 of these 4 characters are the main ones: Estelle and Joshua.Some characters will join your party multiple times during the game.Good pointsThere's a real, complete storySolid RPG, the evolution of the characters is as you would expectThe combat system is great if you're into tactical RPGsThe graphics are niceThe quartz system is interresting (but cold be explained better)I didn't felt there was too much dialogsYou can re-play with what you had from your previous playthroughWeak pointsNo teleportation. You have to walk long, long, long roads to go from one point to the otherThe final boss fight is terribly long, boring, and sometimes frustrating, I just wanted it to end!The side quests must be done before a certain point in the scenario, I felt it frustratingYou have to use the config tool to activate the ""running"" mode instead of walking... and trust me, it changes lifeThe receipes system is not practical, the game is long enough you don't want to spend time ""cooking"" so you end buying potionsSometimes, when you do long walks, it's boring to get caught by monster (until you get the adequate Quartz)I recommend this game, even if at the end I just wanted it to end (the played time is not relevant, I've been idle a lot)"
,Recommended,251150,18508110,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Awesomehylian,"This game is amazing. It is everything you want out of a JRPG. It has good character development, fun graphics, tons of unique side quests, comedy, a dastardly villain, customizable equipment, and more. Not only were the battle mechanics fun, but hard battles weren't hard just to be really annoying. It is this reason that I have held off playing FF games.The story captivated me and I grew very attached to the characters and their relationships to each other. The end was extremely emotional for me, and only made me want to immediately play the sequel. It was beautifully crafted and is a thoroughly organized game by any standard.The only criticism I have is that there are so many cut scenes and so much text it feels like a visual novel a lot of the time. Because I played this game live on Twitch, some scenes would take 40 minutes to get through. That said, the scenes did not feel forced and offered up valuable information for the story and for the characters."
,Recommended,251150,14074073,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,"I have already posted a plethora of screenshots from this game, you whomever is curious as to what it looks like. It's a throwback to the SNES JPEG era, given an HD makeover and one of the longest stories in any RPG game of its genre. Definitely recommend playing this one for it's deep system and vast, artistic veneer."
76561197983183675,Recommended,251150,18917551,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Slybel,"One of the best JRPG and RPGs I've played in a long time. You fall in love with the characters so quickly. They're easy to relate to and the world just feels like it is lived in. I came across a few slow-down instances, that may be fixed with v-sync on though. If you looking for a good game to play, please try this wonderful gem out."
,Recommended,251150,25697849,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Remdawg_Killionaire,"One of the best JRPGs I've ever played and I've been playing every JRPG since the '90s. I can't recall ever feeling, emotionally, the way this game had me with any other game. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S UNBELIEVABLE."
,Recommended,251150,25736324,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,nier,"I used to think old school FF games were one of the best, but oh boy how wrong I was. This is the best JRPG I ever played. Great story, characters, battle system, TONS of fun with the dialogues and chests.  I think the only thing this game lacks is a better soundtrack. Still a 10/10."
,Recommended,251150,25833406,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,El*Porno*Maestro36,"This Trails series is in top 3 JRPG series for me.  Concept is similar to that of Genso Suikoden ( another godly JRPGs). Gameplay wise, Suikoden is better but story wise, Trails series is better ( as it is a Story RPG). First thing I want to mention is that this series is connected as in Trails FC, SC and 3rd is one story. However, it is deeply connected with other trails series (tails of azure, zero, sen). All story is on one world but story is in different locations just like in Suikoden. It is highly recommended to play serially. Only complain abt this game ( Trails FC) is that first 8 hrs it can get quite boring as it acts as a prologue for the the whole trails series in a  way. You need to have a lot of patience to the game to fully blossom ( it is worth it). Another complain is that battle is slow and moving from one place to another gets quite annoying at times ( this is due to the fact that the game focus more on story and Ys series focus more on battle). Anyways, if you are a JRPG lover, you will definately love this game and you will definately be motivated to buy trails SC and Trails 3rd."
,Recommended,251150,26799561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Afroervasti,Slow start but get really good and the payoff is absolutely worth it.
76561198193733433,Recommended,251150,20317956,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Linni,"I am in love with this game. Complete and utter love. I spent 7 hours just in the prologue and am still completely in love with everything I've seen so far! It's now 3am and I'm only stopping for now because my dog has been sending me pitiful looks about the light still being on for the last two hours. When I actually finish I'll probably edit with my overall thoughts, but for now all I have to say is this:It's been almost a decade since the last time I've found a nice jrpg that has sucked me into the world like this and been so enjoyable too."
,Recommended,251150,25638068,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,AmbientEDGE,"After endlessly searching for a good jrpg to play, I had a friend recommend this series. Needless to say he has created an insatiable thirst I now have for this entire series. The character and world building do take their time and the story may feel a bit sluggish at times but it's all worth seeing how the pieces to the puzzle fit together.The gameplay is classic tactics style set in a 3/4 isometric view comprised of both sprites and polygons. It's charming aesthetic lends very well to the gameplay and characters. You will begin to care about the influence each of these characters have on each other and their respective roles within the world itself. Even npcs have their own stories that add another layer of depth to the story for those that are interested.This game for me was like a fine book I couldn't put down after I began reading. I enjoyed every minute and look forward to the sequels."
76561198064002064,Recommended,251150,25645852,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,godzillaisyourdaddy,"Whole heartedly recommend this wonderful game. I was a bit late to the Trails party since I had no idea what they were until I one day decided to just buy it to find out what I was missing. I actually did myself a favor for once and now I am absolutely on board with this fantastic series. This is the first chapter of an excellent story of many emotions, with wonderfully fleshed out characters, solid game play, and of course, the freaking amazing soundtrack, which I bought soon after!I cannot recommend this game enough to those that enjoy JRPGs. This game is the entry point for one of the greatest games I have played in years. So excited for more of the games to come to Western PC!"
,Recommended,251150,25676151,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Arthorien,"This game is a JRPG through and through, with everything it entails: heavy in dialogue, rich and envolving story, memorable characters, generally involving turn based battles. The game has some awesome soundtrack as well.This game, for me at least, is a masterpiece and one of the best JRPGs I have played in a long time, it made me think like a bracer myself, to be Estelle in her journey, as she grows and learns how to use orbal arts, how she goes out of her way to explore her country and help its people, and develops her mind and character (that is, if you want to do every single quest in the game and get max bracer points).I enjoyed it, laughed with it, and cursed it when in nightmare difficulty in a no K.O run. GG, would do it again."
,Recommended,251150,25692020,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,matt32767,"It's funny how easy it is to write a review for games that you didn't enjoy and how hard it is to write them for games you loved.  This is a game that I loved!There was much to enjoy in this game for me from the writing of the main characters, to your traveling companions all the way down to the little wandering townspeople who's dialogue changes with the events of the story you can really tell that a lot of effort was put into the dialogue in this game.  It didn't give that feeling of bland lifelessness that many newer games do with their worlds that may be populated with many people, but they all say the same thing or are just simply filler objects with no dialogue whatsoever.  To put it simply, I found that I cared about the characters and that is something that is missing from the writing of so many games today.The story was engaging and filled with humour and suspense that has you pondering the various mysteries that are introduced throughout the plot and are resolved in a way that left me feeling both satisfied and ready to grab the next chapter in the series.The music wasn't heavely varied but was well placed and helped establish the atmosphere of the many locations you will visit with a few tunes being memorable.The battle system was fun and allowed for a variety of tactics without getting too bogged down in overcomplicated game mechanics.  The battles where fun and seemed to be designed in such a way as to offer a bit of challange without putting the player through the annoyance of having to constantly retry because you weren't using a tactic that was designed for that particular fight.  (I'm looking at you FFXIII >:|)Overall, the game was a long adventure that was filled with wonderful characters that I enjoyed and left me with pleasant memories.  I really do recommend this game for people that miss the well thought out RPGs that just don't seem to exist anymore."
76561198011028308,Recommended,251150,13930162,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,stratelus,"At first, I was puzled by this JRPG. I expected a more epic story. Yet, the way the game develops the story is amazing. One of the more impressive features is the quality of the NPCs. There are hundreds of NPCs that feel alive, because they each have credible things to say. I've never been looking forward a sequel as much as the second chapter of this."
76561198103916275,Recommended,251150,17844110,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sly Boots,"A must have, if you're a fan of JRPG'sThe Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is a welcome change from all these Maker RPGs you can find on Steam. Trails in the Sky was wonderful for me, but I have to admit, that I got exactly what I expected and what I wanted: A highly enjoyable JRPG apart from the usual suspects. Trails charm comes from a lovingly crafted game world and really likeable characters, unlike other games who only care for an opulent presentation and an♥♥♥♥♥full of render videos. Too bad you can't buy it as a retail version for the collection, unless you care for the PSP-Version, but at least we can get it on Steam, GoG and Co..Pros and cons:Pros:- likable characters- massive amount of text for dialoges, even for unimportant NPC's- interesting gameplay elements (Orbment System, Quest-Structure, strategic battles)- a lot of fun for a fair priceCons:- Story takes a long, long time to get into motion- boring soundtrack- some minor details (no OST in offline mode, monster guide was not integrated for a long time)=========================================================================Genre-Fans greifen bedenkenlos zuThe Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky ist eine willkommene Abwechslung von all den Maker-RPG's die man sonst am PC vorgesetzt bekommt. Das Spiel konnte mich wunderbar unterhalten, wobei ich aber auch zugeben muss, dass ich genau das bekommen habe was ich erwartet habe und was ich haben wollte: Ein sympathischen JRPG abseits der üblichen Verdächtigen, welches seinen Reiz eher durch eine liebevoll ausgearbeitete Spielwelt und Charaktere als opulente Inszenierung und einen♥♥♥♥♥♥♥voll Rendervideos bezieht. Sicherlich wäre es schöner, wenn man das Spiel als Retail-Fassung erwerben könnte (was ja zumindest für die PSP-Version möglich ist), aber mir ist es immer noch weitaus lieber überhaupt in den Genuss dieses Titels zu kommen, als komplett darauf verzichten zu müssen. Da bin ich doch froh, dass es Plattformen wie Steam, GoG und Co. gibt.Pro und Kontra:Pro:- sympathische Charaktere- massig Dialogtext, auch für unwichtige NPC's- interessante Gameplay-Elemente (Orbment-System, Quest-Schema, strategisch angehauchte Kämpfe)- viel Spiel zum fairen PreisKontra:- Handlung braucht sehr lange um in die Gänge zu kommen- langweiliger Soundtrack zum vergessen- kleinere Produktmängel (kein OST im Offline-Modus, Monster Guide war lange Zeit nicht integriert)"
76561198103651772,Recommended,251150,21596022,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Vigi React,"The Best Legend of Heroes Game Since Dragon Slayer on the Turbo CDOver the years, I have had some experience with several games in the Legend of Heroes series. My favorite, up until now, had been Dragon Slayer: The Legend of Heroes for the CD version of the TurboGrafx-16. This was the first game in the series, although at that time, it wasn't a ""Legend of Heroes"" game, it was a ""Dragon Slayer"" game. This awesome RPG was one of the first Working Designs ports (Lunar and Vay, anyone?), and was well-translated and also had voice acting, pretty unheard of at the time. I loved it, even though I played it some 20 years later on an [electric banana]. The second game, Dragon Slayer: Legend of Heroes 2, was never translated into English, and therefore may as well be a piece of rotting sushi as far as I am concerned. At this time, the Legend of Heroes series truly formed with Legend of Heroes III: Shiroki Majo (known as Prophecy of the Moonlight Witch in the US.) Gone was the Dragon Slayer moniker, and unfortunately, much of what made it a good RPG. I have never played the original, only the PSP version, but it is as bland of a Dragon Quest rip-off as you can get. I can't fault the terrible translation, as I'm sure the original Japanese is great, but the gameplay was designed for a kindergartner. The other 2 ports in the Gagharv trilogy followed suit, LoH IV: Akai Shizuku (A Tear of Vermillion) and LoH V: Umi no Oriuta (Song of the Ocean) were both terrible for the same exact reasons.Then came LoH VI: Sora no Kiseki. I played it on the PSP first, charmed by it's surprisingly good localization, and it was an excellent diversion to the sub-human customers that patronize the liquor store I work at. The guild/jobs system is always fun, and the amount of optional secrets is what drives a really good JRPG. It was just missing one thing. It was only SLIGHTLY more difficult than the previous PSP games. I thought if only this had a decent strategic challenge like it's battle system teases, it could be brilliant. Then the PC version graced my life. With added difficulties of Hard and Nightmare, it was finally a Big Boy RPG, Hard being the highly recommended difficulty to play on (don't waste your time with the default difficulty.)Now the game has become a true masterpiece. Melding the verbose and insightful dialogue with a strategy nerd's dream battle system, the boss and optional battles are incredibly fun, and the random battles are no longer a joke. Olivier is one of the most amusing characters I have ever enjoyed playing as. He is a hedonistic, bi-sexual aristocrat that has really cheesy taste in music and will belt out some Jefferson Starship from time to time. I can't do service to how well the world is fleshed-out. There are hundreds of NPCs, and it really seems like every single one of them has their own personality. This is not easy to do.Taking a series that I regarded as largely pedestrian and bad, and turning it into a cult classic juggernaut, is nothing short of amazing. Credit and respect to everyone involved with making this slice of JRPG heaven."
,Recommended,251150,21351818,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Matt,"One of the best RPGs on Steam. A huge, detailed game world that rewards exploration, a fun turn-based combat system and plenty of sidequests to pursue when you want to take a rest from the main story.The story itself? Starts off small scale, but slowly becomes bigger as the stakes get higher - and the events told in this story are built upon in the sequel, and in the Trails of Cold Steel games. If you jump on here you'll be able to experience the whole story from the start.The characters are sprite-based, but the environments are 3D and in most cases, rotable in 360 degrees. The music is MIDI-based but well made."
76561198328807134,Recommended,251150,29647371,Posted: 2 February,all,LadyValkyrie_I,"Wonder why I skipped this on PSP.  PC controls are very comfortable and the graphical upgrade is very impressive. For $19.99 it's a steal. Worth every penny. Combat is fun and character abilities are set with no problem once you figure out how to use slots. Character progression, so far, is excellent. I love games where I get to see characters grow up from children and slowly become heroes. The soundtrack is okay and gameplay is very smooth. The upgraded menu features make everything be very organized. With all that being said, my biggest problem with this game: the camera. It can be moved around with x or with the roll middle button on a mouse but it is still bothersome. I think the angles can be adjusted but then again I have't tweaked it.I'm going through post-graduate studies and therefore I barely have time to play anymore, but this game is just so accesible and easy to get into that it's just very relaxing. Will be playing more of this until I can finally go home and play my copy of Trails of Cold Steel. Of course whenever I have time to slack off."
76561198149108992,Recommended,251150,25862612,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,XPlayer,I personaly enjoyed this game. I thought the story was good(keeping in mind that there are three parts to the story.). One thing that was a little upsetting was that I felt there was no need to train or get gear for for anyone but Estelle and Joshua. everyong else had good gear and level and once the chapter was over they left. But I understand that this was Joshua ans Estelle's story so having everyone else would be a bit much. All in all I thoroughly enjoyed the game and plan to get the second chapter next sale(What can I say. I'm sixteen and want to save a few bucks.) and the third chapter was it gets ported to PC in 2017.
76561197971249737,Recommended,251150,20316442,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FreeCreditReport XXX,"Only six hours in, but I can easily see how this will be my favorite game for the next few months. This game looks and feels like a combination of FF tactics with a traditional jrpg. there is so much attention to detail with NPCs, the combat system.... it's a real treat. I'm so happy that i accidentaly stumbled upon this gem. It's worth every penny."
,Recommended,251150,13053296,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dingo,its aight
76561198066114538,Recommended,251150,24513300,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Stockholm&Lima syndrome,What quite a number of people don't realize is that this game was originally released 2004 for the PSP and only made it's way to the west a couple of years ago. This is a game that was created during a time when RPG storytelling and combat was a fair bit slower paced and relaxed. It was also made by a company (Nihon Falcom) that's renowed for their dedication to old school JRPGs. Despite or even perhaps due to it's age i feel that it matches quite well with a number of games out there. If you're looking for a game to invest time with good story and a comparitively unique combat system (during 2004 anyway) then this a game you should consider.For those who like the game but seek faster paced and more intuitive combat and possess either a PsVita or PS3 i'd recommend Sen no Kiseki. AKA Trails of Cold Steel. it's a mix of Trails in the Sky's general combat system with a more advanced version of Fire Emblem Awakening's link system and Persona  series social links.
76561198079131827,Recommended,251150,12252043,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,DML1987,"I love this game so much that I've played it and finished it on my PSP 5 times, including Nightmare mode.I would like to point out that theres one minor problem in this Steam Version:There's an item in the game game that helps me see the enemies on my map. I've equiped that item (Eagle Vision), but the enemies don't show up on the map as red dots like they should be.Any chance that you could fix this issue?"
,Recommended,251150,12214948,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,probably the best jrpg on steam right nowplay and love it for the characters/music/story and mediocre combatthen greive we wont get the sequel translasted for at least 3 years
76561198041762332,Recommended,251150,12227937,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Errain,Very good and addictive.
76561197970980626,Recommended,251150,12100670,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Shadow,
,Recommended,251150,16853062,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Fraylor,"For a JRPG it's solid. The story is interesting enough to keep you going throughout the entire game and it has no flaws with regards to how it runs on PC.PositivesA Unique style on typically turn based RPG'sA solid story with well written dialogue.While it is linear gameplay, it's very, very polished for what it is.NegativesIt's almost a bit too linear, in that it does not allow you to move backwards after reaching certain checkpoints, rendering some items and things unachievable.(This is personal) I don't typically like JRPG's that do not let you pick your party as you move along. (In their defense it does allow to you pick a party for the last dungeon in the game), I do not like being stuck with party members with which my in combat playstyle doesn't work.While the dialogue can be very well done, some parts can be rather cringy. This I would imagine is something more of a cultural thing than something flawed with the game itself.Overall, I'm eagerly waiting the sequel to be translated by Dice and Xseed. If you like games like the Tales series, or the Ys series, you won't find yourself unhappy with this title."
,Recommended,251150,13989864,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,JiayoJames,"Quality game, one of the best jrpg I have played, made me feel some of that same magic I felt back in teh day as a kid playing FF7, Lunar, star ocean... deserves to be listed along side the classics!"
,Recommended,251150,13823178,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,quantumquiescence,"I really enjoyed playing The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky.  It's the most I've enjoyed a RPG in a very long time, and even though I purchased it during the holiday sale, it would have been worth full price.The game runs from 30 hours to upward of 50 depending upon how many side quests you choose to undertake, and there are many to find.  Strong points of the game include character development, real careful attention to NPCs in an immersive world, an enjoyable sound track, and I personally got very much into the narrative.  The story follows Estelle and Joshua Bright, two young bracers, a guild of investigators/heroes/do-gooders, whose father ends up leaving them unexpectedly and a mystery follows.  You travel across an entire country, through five towns that each have distinctive areas, all to unravel a plot which turns several times.I won't tell you what happens, but you'll probably be like me and be waiting for the second chapter of this story to be translated and brought across.The only thing I will say is you'll probably take a little time to level up, which can get annoying in certain dungeons.  But, that's a personal choice, and generally speaking, this game isn't too difficult in terms of fighting enemies.  I think the balance is fair.Anyway, I'd recommend it for anyone who likes JRPGs or classic style RPGs."
76561198035898653,Recommended,251150,11867497,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,bradleyfn,"I'm not going to lie, I never even heard of this series before.  I've played many RPGs and I didn't go into this with very high expectations.  I'm 31, not really an anime guy at all, and I have to say I was honestly impressed with the depth of the story in this game.  This is coming from someone who's played Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment, pretty much every game in the Final Fantasy series, Legend of Dragoon, etc.  The music was captivating and the story wasn't half bad.  I will argue that the fights were a little too easy compared to what I'm used to (*ahem* Dark Souls).  With that said, if you're skeptical, seriously give this game a chance.  It may very well surprise you."
76561198011545741,Recommended,251150,11885414,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Heller512u05,"Honestly I have been waiting for a pc port since I got a hold of a copy for my PsP... With that said this is a very well written game in both dynamics of gameplay and charecter progression. Not to say level grind progression, oh no, rich and vibrant story telling that grows the people in the world into both heroes and villians that you not only root for and hope they make it out alive but cry for and rage at because you just can't believe that the would do that. I highly recomend this game to ANYONE that enjoys JRPGs. But more so I would recomend this if you could only buy and play one game every ten years. It really is that good."
76561198088399366,Recommended,251150,11876145,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,DeusExFox,"I'll be honest, I have heard of this game before when it was released for the PSP several years ago but I haven't gotten the chance to play it because of rough times trying to get through economic hardships. That, and it's my first review here so I honestly don't know how to describe in detail of how great this game is after playing through.Now, the game feels light hearted and I think it's just me because I have yet to scratch the surface of the game doing a kind of sort of blind gameplay without having to spoil it of course. The graphics are good, the mechanics and battle remind me a bit of playing Record of Agarest war without the visual novel esque like or combining attacks to take out enemies in battle.The initial controls are confusing for me at first since I typically use the WASD keys to move around. Lucky for me, right before you begin playing there's an option to adjust the resolution, sound, graphics, and keys if your the type of cat that prefers the WASD. At some point I did find using the mouse only to speed pass enemies which, you'll encounter when your travelling from one area to another.I want to add more but I'll end it here by saying that so far, I'm enjoying the game. As someone that plays JRPGS in the past I hope to see more of them coming to Steam. No doubt the devs have my support so kudos to them."
76561197971623633,Recommended,251150,11855236,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Havok_GS,"Excellent JRPG from the days of old.  The game has a great story, good pacing and good mechanics.  Also I'd like to add that the pc port is excellent, ran flawless through my entire playthrough, can't wait for the sequel!"
,Recommended,251150,11783982,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,JV®,"This game...Oh my God this game is MAGNIFICENT!Story, gameplay, music, characters, world. Everything works here. This is 100% JRPG goodness.This is one of the few RPGs that I actually cared to do everything it has to offer (and trust me, it has A LOT to offer).The world is vast, vibrant and just screams exploring. Every NPC has a personality. The dialogues are a joy to read, they never get boring thanks to an interesting and immersive story that will keep every player on the edge of their seats all the time.The combat is simple to understand but at the same time features depth and a ton of customization.The whole thing is, if you are a fan of JRPGs. You need this game."
76561198072304877,Recommended,251150,11880701,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,BearSquish,"I almost didn't get this game as it seemed there were a lot of bugs.However, I got it anyway, and have enjoyed it quite a bit so far. I'm only in chapter 2 at the moment and have only come across one game breaking issue (which I believe they have patched - it's where I had to open a chest to fight a sidequest monster and I got stuck in place after the fight ended; restarted, opened the chest from a step farther away, and no problems ever since).It's a very enjoyable old school tactical turn-based RPG. You do not customize your character stats, but you do get to pick equipment and what magics to equip --- you don't, however, pick your clothing or anything like that. You can go and grind to get more XP and items to craft your magic ability, or you can just go at it head on.I've played some games where setting up your ""formation"" in tactical turn-based game was useless, but I've found it really can make a difference against higher level or higher-number opponents.The game is a bit lightweight in the customizing department, so I would label this as a ""simple RPG"" or an ""easy to pick up RPG"".Graphics are not bad. Sound is not bad. Overall, it's just a lot more enjoyable that I thought it would be, and way, way less buggy than I thought it could have been. I hope they do the other games in the series as I would definitely buy them."
,Recommended,251150,11881651,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Eruditio,Very fun. A great throwback to my old school rpg days. Definitely a must play for JRPG fans. We have so few on the PC.
,Recommended,251150,11889280,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Kira,"amazing game, great battle style, challegenging. plus its not heavy on the computer. i love the story line keeps me guessing."
,Recommended,251150,11890192,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Ivan Vakenov,Excellent game in all aspects. Looking forward to the follow up.
76561198012354797,Recommended,251150,11922226,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Naerren,"Great Game. Nice trip back to an ""old school"" RPG. Decent story. If you like JRPG and you pick it up on special you will not be let down."
,Recommended,251150,11934880,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Innocence.メテオラ,One of the best JRPG!
76561198085549553,Recommended,251150,11854282,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,kylelebert_17,"A great story with an excellent pace, likable characters and fun game mechanics. The only downside is waiting for the second chapter to come out!"
76561198028822780,Recommended,251150,14017044,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nurse Michael,Game has excellent first class music. Often humming with it :D
76561198106551626,Recommended,251150,11797902,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,thetimemime,"This game sucked me in right from the get go.  I am a huge fan of JRPGs and if you are too this game will most likely tickle your fancy.  Unique yet simple battle system resulting in enjoyable combat, tons of dialogue and loveable graphics, this game has everything I was looking for.  The only downside to this game for me is that it tends to be rather linear, even with the plethora of side quests, and does revolve around ""quest hubs"" in the major cities.  This doesn't deter me from playing the game one bit, however.  I look forward to finishing this game and hopefully seeing the sequels get released on Steam as well!  Tons of hours to enjoy and well worth the price.  If you can manage to get it on sale, even better!"
76561198059624996,Recommended,251150,11798700,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Aeonox,"Good Story, Like the turn based combat. Would recomend to friends."
76561198038995797,Recommended,251150,11841380,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Captain Mittens,"This game is so good, fun and exciting. I can't tell much, or else will spoil the game. But, just for the record, it has an incredible ending, good characters development, nice fighting style and a very good plot. I can't wait for the squel....."
76561198043132204,Recommended,251150,14921878,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Crowley,"As Simple as it is: If you love a good story and don't mind putting a few hours in a game, this is a wise decision."
,Recommended,251150,19605607,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Omar,I think this is my 2nd JRPG after Fire Emblem Awkaing. I enjoyed the hell out of the game.Simply buy it.
,Recommended,251150,19526700,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kraust,"An epic adventure with a bitter conclusion, Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is the rare game in which the story is the deciding factor on why you continue to play. No game in recent history has had the pull on me like Trails in the Sky has.With that being said, the world building is fantastic, with its only weakness being that it does not use the environment to its advantage. Games with the best world building use their environment to tell their story, but Trails in the Sky tells its story through a well made narrative full of action, adventure, joy and sadness.The music is top notch, rivaling the best games in the genre. Very few developers can seamlessly tie in music into their narrative in such ways.The game itself was rather refreshing as well. The game offered very little reason for you to backtrack, while still giving you the option to do so, while also minimizing the amount of extra content you needed to do for those who were hooked on the engaging story.There is however lots of optional content to do, and you will want to do it all if you have any desire to get all of the achievements in this title. There is even a New Game+ option for those who may have missed things through the adventure.All in all, I would say that this is one of the top 5 ""Must play"" JRPGs on Steam and an excellent choice for first JRPG for people entering the genre."
,Recommended,251150,20195853,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cloverking,"(Excuse my playtime, I've fully played the PSP version and then bought the PC version to support XSEED)Chances are, you're here reading these reviews because you at least somewhat enjoy JRPGs.Well, there you go. You already meet all the requirements to love this game....What?Still not convinced? Need details? Fine, fine. Here we go:Graphics:Alright, lets start with the bad stuff. Yes, this is pretty much a PSP game. No, it doesn't look great and the loading screens are kind of long. I guarantee after playing it long enough you'll get used to it, and the second game runs much better and looks much nicer. Still, if you really want da sweet graphucs, this game won't really deliver all that well. Fortunately, the walking speed is very nicely swift and maps are just simple enough that you don't have to spend too long looking around if you really don't want to.Story:Starts out looking like it'll be pretty typical/tropey, and it is in some ways. However, the story really picks up after a bit and the expertly written and translated dialog will have your heart before long, I promise. The characters each develop nicely and by the end you will be begging for more. Luckily, the second game is on steam now so you don't have to wait like the old fans did.Gameplay:Surprisngly intricate, actually. Like the story, its pretty simple at a glance, but you'll quickly figure out there's a whole lot of really smart game design that went into these systems. The orbment system, for example, I find much smarter than any skill tree. Basically, you fill your characters up with special items called orbments that give passive effects, and the colors/attributes of the orbments decides what magic they can use. EX: If you equip Joshua with Action, a time-attribute orbment that raises his speed, he'll get some time points. These time points will allow him to cast Soul Blur, a damaging time spell. On top of the EP (mana) you use to cast these, you also have a CP system that lets you use the crafts, or character unique skills. CP goes up when you get hit or hit something, and EP is replenished with potions or inns like in most games. In other words, you have one kind of resource that becomes more available as combat continues, and one that becomes less available. Balancing them feels good and makes combat very satisfying.There's also just a lot of other nice little things about the way the game is set up, like how side quests are usually like little stories instead of simple fetch quests, or how party members constantly switch in and out as the story calls for it, giving you a great deal of time to try each character and see their strength and weaknesses before you need to pick your team.A lot of passion went into making this series, and it really payed off. Most people who've played this game enjoy it thuroughly. Although, fair warning, the beginning is a little slow. Please stick with it and you'll see that the hype is very much warranted!"
76561198067744882,Recommended,251150,16319195,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Leinbert42,waiting for chapter 2.
,Recommended,251150,18925843,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ｄｒｅａｍ「幽夢」,"Played this 4 years ago on the Playstation Portable, bought it on Steam and replaying it again because SC is out and I KNOW this game is definitely worth the buy.One of the best JRPGs to date, absolutely wonderful music, incredibly good writing, and overall just a great joy to play through."
,Recommended,251150,21137808,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Quaggy,"I've only played a couple of game ""days"" (just past the farm), and I'm already VERY impressed with this game. It's funny, the battles are fun, the artwork is lovely, and the game overall simply gives a very polished, proffessional feel. If you like JRPGs, chances are good you'll like this one.(As for language, the English is very good - I haven't noticed any engrish at ALL - and I've only noticed one use of questionable language, which is refreshing in an age where everyone feels the need to add foul language to everything for absolutely no reason whatsoever.)This is definitely a title I feel bad having gotten on sale (though I might not have tried it had it not been on sale) because it's worth every penny of the full price. Maybe I'll buy the sequel(s) at full price. :)"
76561197988077759,Recommended,251150,19470638,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,danny_maland,"To really boil it all down, ""Trails"" is a simple, comprehensible, solidly built RPG that feels like a ""lite"" version of ""Final Fantasy...""until the deep endgame, where things get very serious.And then they get even more serious.The comparison to ""Final Fantasy"" is not accidental. This game displays a lot of what made the earlier entries in that series so great: Memorable characters, a real variety of enemies that get steadily revealed as you progress, mechanics that reveal themselves naturally, and a lot of things to do and see.""Trails"" does sometimes find itself teetering between ""satisfyingly long"" and ""is this over yet?"" Fifty hours of real, core gameplay is no small thing, for a start. On a more specific note, you have to get into monster encounters to keep leveled, and the monsters definitely aren't pushovers. Arts (The ""Trails"" form of magic) help out a lot, but your reserve of casting power seems quite shallow at first. This, combined with the battle system being predictable and a touch slow, makes the experience a bit of a chore in spots.At the same time, the game does manage to keep pulling you along - the story being one reason. but also, from a mechanics standpoint, due to how decreasing XP rewards send clear signals that it's time to move along.A small technical ding is that the game sometimes grinds down to a low framerate. One gets the feeling that the graphical backend doesn't get managed very well all the time, which means that a game which could have been at home on a PS1 or PS2 will start to slog...on a GTX 970! Thankfully, the problem is relatively rare and tolerable.""Trails in the Sky"" isn't flawless, but it IS really good."
76561197994418512,Recommended,251150,20782740,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Saintly Pants,I now feel compelled to name my potential future daughter Estelle. She is probably the finest female game protagonist no one ever heard about.
,Recommended,251150,19043557,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Megamantrinity,"I was on the fence with this game for a while. I love dialouge and there is so much of it that even I skip some. This game is full of thick syrupy character development, Tons and tons of side missions that don't feel like side missions. Lots of choices in battle strategy and no real way to just sit back and let the game do the work for you.It's a JRPG on steroids. The battles are fluid and fun, lots of choices to bring your characters to victory.Every single battle feels like it's part of the story.Every single quest feels like your actually apart of a busy world.There's no missed opportunities to bring a character to life, or add some kind of character development.The story so far (im only 24 hours into it) is fun and something I want to achieve.If you pick up this game, you are going to do a lot of reading. A lot is really an understatement. You are going to get frustraited at battles because the smallest battles seem very important and intense. You will feel pressured to do side missions because they are all on a time limit. You will enjoy every moment of it, assuming that's what your in for.Something most people haven't really commented on is the control scheme. It is perfectly designed for both keyboard and mouse, and controller. If I had known how perfect the controls were for the mouse, I wouldn't have bothered using my controller. Seriously they are amazing. I just like to have a controller in my hands.If you like Story, if you like reading, if you like intuitive battles, and variety in the types of quests and missions you undertake, this game is for you. You need to buy it.It's amazing."
76561198044100202,Recommended,251150,19470838,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,D3RP13,Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥The Chests Have Messages!!Well time for new game plus.No seriously didn't know chests had hidden messages after 2/3 of the way into the game.
76561198022692782,Recommended,251150,20790103,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Pluschi-x,"Be aware that it is only the prelude to Second Chapter, but it is over the top amazing! If you like JRPG this is a must play"
,Recommended,251150,19012125,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,aiSu,"This game didn't seem like my type of game, but I'm glad I gave it a try.First thing you'll noticed is how good the music is. And it stays amazing throughout the whole game.Sadly Trails in the Sky didn't change my opinion on Turn-based combat. It can get really painful when you encounter tons of enemies and just want to run away.BUT that didn't matter because the story in this game is just out of this world. Plot twists, lots of interesting characters, sad and happy moments.For people who are after a good story rich game. this one is for you.If there's anything about this game I didn't like, it was the achievements. So many of them were missable, and in a game this long and story rich, you want to make sure you don't miss anything. Pro tip: If you want to get all achievements in one playthrough, use a guide."
,Recommended,251150,23912453,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,z3r0th,"This is a game that I played years ago and am willing to come back to play again. Seeing it being published on Steam really excited me as I finally could make a collection of the series as more and more episodes are translated to English.The game content is comprehensive yet easy to master even though I did crack my head in the magics combination when I played it last time though. The storyline of the game is just unforgettable, I am simply attracted to it.All in all, a nice game to play and hope to see more episodes coming. Definitely love to see them."
,Recommended,251150,18846068,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Daft Behemoth (S`A),"I could write a huge text dump on this game, but so many people already have... so I won't. XSEED and its associated developers deserve a lot of recognition for the work they put into localizing such a staggeringly large story. Without them I wouldn't have gotten a chance to enjoy it.Also, props to Kotaku on this write up on the localization of the Kiseki series:http://kotaku.com/the-curse-of-kiseki-how-one-of-japans-biggest-rpgs-bar-1740055631?utm_campaign=Socialflow_Kotaku_Facebook&utm_source=Kotaku_Facebook&utm_medium=Socialflow"
,Recommended,251150,23908617,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,D'Neverend,"There is a ton of dialogue......... but it is an excellent story which made me smile, get a little teary, laugh out loud,chuckle and say the words ""No way!!!"" at a couple of the twists. The gameplay is interesting and enjoyable, side quests are fun and satisfying, the characters are well developed and it's replayable and there's a sequel and and and..........etc."
,Recommended,251150,24063548,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pnume,"I'm reviewing both FC and its sequel SC since Trail in the Sky is one big game cut into parts with one big story.Pro:->Pretty much the best story ever in a PC Game. Nothing is remotly close, at least on PC. It starts slows but there are plot seeds everywhere, great character development, twists etc.... and it build up into something quite big.-> Lots of lore and full of hiden stuffs (story and equipement)-> Combat are fun and tactical. In hard at least. The hard mode have being added later on quite lasily and here and there you'll face an unfair fight but it is still a lot of fun-> OST is goodCon:-> It is slow with a  lot a walking. Would be better if you could skip attack animations if there was some sort of fast travel."
,Recommended,251150,24539097,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Belth Allusis,"This is a story heavy JRPG with a focus on character development. The game starts off slow and it takes it's times to develop the characters. If you enjoy a game with an emphasis on character development, I think this is one of the best I have ever played.The combat is tun-based on a grid system. The system has quite a lot of depth due to turn-order bonuses, the ability to manipulate turn-order, and the ability to change character positions on the grid.  Your characters abilities are determined by what quartz you put in each character's quartz grid. The game is very open with information, giving you all the quartz requirements for spells at the start of the game in the bracer notebook.The music is pretty good, but its Falcom good music is what they do best.I think the biggest complaint I had in my first playthrough was that the game was too easy. After you beat the game once  you can play on higher difficulties.Also if you want to complete a perfect run, save often because it is really easy to miss things."
,Recommended,251150,18885119,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,I love the lag,"It's a little repetitive, and you've definitely got to take your time with this one, but it's not surprising that this game is considered a classic.  It's hard to recommend to many as the pace is somewhat plodding, but if you like slower JRPGs there's a lot to love in the combat system (when it's actually being tested) and detail/setting here.Looking forward to second chapter."
,Recommended,251150,19148231,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jaridan,"While other jrpgs (and remember that this is one of the older titles) probably have better/deeper combat systems, this is one of those gems where the focus is on the story and the world around it. It's a bit needless to mention that only with the 2nd chapter is this duology ""complete"" (this story still obviously has a final boss and everything).The world feels alive and deep if you stop to take in what side NPCs tell you and what you learn from sidequests.The game itself is in (traditional) linear fashion, which you may or may not like.Overall it's a very good jrpg with optimization(60fps+) and fixes for the pc port.Like many other games it also has controller support."
76561198054367327,Recommended,251150,24393722,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Wenjian11,"It's a great JRPGPlus:- story- characters- skill system- NPC react to any event (small and important ones) in the game (they have new dialogue)- OST is great but a bit repetitiveNeutral:- originally the game was released for the PSP in 2004, therefore the graphic are OKContra:- battles are a bit slow and can be unfair especially when you open a chest guarded by monsters"
76561198072123638,Recommended,251150,19604542,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ShinyLeopard,"Exceptional.Intricately woven story, simple but enjoyable combat system, excellent soundtrack. First playthrough was 58 hours for me.I have to say that this is one of the best RPGs I have ever played. If you are at all a fan of the genre, this game is at the top of my list of recommendations.Romans 6:23"
,Recommended,251150,17687283,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,OnceAnArtifact,"So far this is a great game itself.  I would like to see a fix to this issue where cut scenes are pixelated when not in Windowed mode.  From what I can tell, this has been a reported issue since a year or more a go."
,Recommended,251150,13855732,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,dragon_blade,I edit this review because they added direct x 9 support and a turbo feature !I played this back on  the psp and put a total of 60+ hours into it and now i am doing it all over again. .... Worth it ? Heck yes  i will explain whyFirst off let's start with the amazing sound track that this game has every village ever town every area  every dungeon has amazng music you will find your self humming along to the tune. This is one of my personal favorites aside from the battle theme.  You will here this theme in the begining of the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YLJp-g0duk&list=PLE292h2k-BT06Ni-5K-3HAZa_rx36MRVq&index=5now for the battlesYou could call the battles a mix bettern tactical and turn based. you have to decide weather you move away from the enemy or attack him or use arts. In most cases on some enemies it is best to use arts as some enemies have pretty high defens so physical attacks will be useless. Arts however do take time to charge before you can use them so its always best to take a look at the turn order and decide what to do.some attacks can also effect a certain range around the charcter so if you are being targeted by said attack you will notice a circle around you. If othe characters are within that circle you can move them out of the way to minimize damage.The story is absolutly amazing  it has one of those endings that leave you wanting more which is a good thing because this series go across 2 other games. I cannot say much about the story without spoiling it though. so i will leave it at that.The thing that this game does right is each npc you come across has its own personality which is actually pretty hard to pull off. I give falcom/xseed credit for doing such an amazing job with that. Most of the time you avoid talking to npcs in rpgs sometimes. But this game its worth talking to them just to see what they have to say.I see a lot of people saying that they are going to avoid the game because the graphics look outdated .... well duh thats because this game camw out in like 2006 (in japan) 2011 in north america it first released on the pc in japan on 2004 sadly we enever got that version untill now.Do not expect the second game any time soon as the script is like 10 times bigger and has never been translated before so i wish the developers luck and i hope they take there time with it. My money is sitting here waiting for it :)So should you buy this game  heck yes   If i remember right theres plenty of bonus stuff to do after the game is completed but i could be wrong. Either way you are looking at 100 hours of gameplay here at least
,Recommended,251150,28014721,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Keori,"This game is simply amazing. The gameplay is full of nostalgia for those who have played games such as Lunar and Grandia. The story is very well written and keeps me wanting more. The humor and dialog between characters fits well and doesn't feel forced. I have to say, the localization job done by XSEED is truly spectacular and I commend them for doing this game justice!"
76561198004372302,Recommended,251150,25250982,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,九州纹龙,"怀念原先在PSP上整个暑假都在玩该系列，轨迹历史上最赚钱的一部作品，据说最新一部FC人物模型场景都在重新制作，TAKE MY MONEY!------------------------------------------SHUT UP, TAKE MY MONEY!"
,Recommended,251150,12195232,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Blu,"SummaryGreat Classic RPG by Nihon Falcom. The first chapter in the series and it looks pretty good. Definately Recommended! 9/10StorylineThe story starts off slowly, introducing the main characters Estelle and Joshua, their Dad. As the game progresses you'll meet a different characters, some that join your party. The start might be a little too slow for some, but trust me - stick with it and it will become literally one of the most enjoyable epic adventure/plots played in some time. At the same time you'll uncover more about the past of the characters as told by others in a great intertwined story- can't spoil too much just play it. Story is likely to be around 40 hours including sidequests etc, lots to do.Gameplay/CombatThe main exploration done is in pretty linear maps but are not small, plenty of variety, there's some backtracking but not too bad.You start off with 2 characters and the party will grow. With these type of games its all about getting better gear, managing energy points, charge and s-craft, positioning and gearing your characters appropriately for the fights.The Orbment system allows for much flexibility - the key to successfully fighting enemies is gearing the right Orbments to get the appropriate skills, some are so powerful they can annihilate groups of enemies with ease - Read the in game help guide on what combination of Orbments to unlock the skills!Tip: You get pre-emptive attacks when you approach enemies from behind, so try to do this as much as possibleMusicSimilar to most games done by Falcom - the music is fantastic. All of them suit the mood - enjoyable and (especially the final dungeon theme!) epic!VisualsThey are quite dated, but being a game from 2004/2006 with updated visuals it looks pretty good. But we don't play this game solely for its visuals.BugsThe game did crash on me several times in Full Screen mode after Alt-Tabbing. But never fear, the develepers have added a secret AutoSave Page 0 so you can get to where you were without losing too much progress.Highly recommend this game for old school style turn based RPG. Can't wait for Second Chapter. Support Falcom/XSeed by getting this so they can bring more chapters in this series to English!"
,Recommended,251150,17919559,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Paul Siramy,"The best part of this game is its writing. You should really take your time to read as much of the dialogues as you can, especially since the English translation is of a very high quality. Furthermore, every NPC changes their lines once a quest on the main story had been done, which sometimes is the way to get a hidden quest. Special mention for when you attempt to open a chest twice : since it'll be empty the 2nd time, you'll get plenty of humorous lines ;)The musics are good as well. I still have some of their melodies in my head now and then.The combats are ... ok. The main flaw is that you can't move and attack; it's one or the other. Too bad, because it could have improved their strategic side.All in all, I like this game very much. I’m impatient that its second chapter come to Steam.A game and a PC port well done, good job Nihon Falcom !"
,Recommended,251150,15144183,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Striker,"Wow did not think i would enjoy a 10 year old game this much, it was damn awesome."
,Recommended,251150,21343288,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,three_green_stars,"I'd never heard of this one, but it lived up to the hype.  Great game...can't wait until part two goes on sale.In detail, the game was very story intensive, but had enough gameplay and sidequests to keep the player engaged.  The combat system was fun (just a touch of tactics to it in terms of positioning characters) and didn't require a lot of grinding to keep up.I will say that this game definitely felt like a 'part one,'  Don't expect to have your levels and abilities maxed out at the end, which means you also don't have to feel obligated for completion: just go with the flow!"
,Recommended,251150,17180502,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,veno-chan,THIS GAME WAS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. 10/10 WAITING FOR SEQUEL.
76561198058197058,Recommended,251150,21792951,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,marcusloke888,Great game with good storyline.The battle interface is good and quick addictive.
76561198006394098,Recommended,251150,21801299,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Pakse,Quite charming and very dense.  Super comfy.
,Recommended,251150,13552005,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Aksen,"I love this game far more than I expected. I wanted a nice JRPG, couldn't find one on PS4, and ended up here. I bought the game at full price and don't regret it one bit.The game is mechanically sound, but where it really shines are the characters. I'm now trying to play Bravely Default, and I think Trails In The Sky has spoiled me."
76561198050537674,Recommended,251150,21796097,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,dbowen,One of the best RPG's ever.
,Recommended,251150,13589401,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rong back in Penang,"It's a pleasant surprise! It certainly exceeded my expectations, I just finished the Prologue but I know it's going to be an epic game.Update:After 75 hours of gameplay, I finally finished the game. This game is EPIC. It is huge, with resonable length, and amazing story. The battle system is interesting, yet not too addictive to make you asking for more. What makes this game epic is the story, the ever changing environment (NPCs change their dialogue many times as the story progresses), the plot twist, the lovely characters, humorous conversations and touching moments.This is a MUST-PLAY game if you like JRPG. I highly recommend it. 5/5."
76561198048879560,Recommended,251150,13592973,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,evilnebby,"Was first skeptical when seeing some of the samples, but after playing this, I can say this is one of the best storyline jrpgs I have come to love and keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout the whole game."
,Recommended,251150,16592570,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Daisy,This game is a really fun JRPG with turn-based combat and catchy soundtrack. Both the story and the characters themselves are interesting and engaging.
,Recommended,251150,16761422,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,holdthecenter,Very good. Best classic JRPG style game I've played in a long while.
76561198162064847,Recommended,251150,16729513,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,gwak.fr | Beavishead,"I bought this game four days ago, finished it today ( a good  50 hours of gameplay )For a newcommer to jrpg, it is a great introduction to the genra over any Final FantasyFor the others like myself, this game has a great battle system (half tactical half turn per turn).The history sure is cool, the end really blew me away ! I would never have thank of it !But you can anticipate events to come : when a road leads to something suspicious (a wall, or a potential trigger) 99% you'll come again !Dispise that, i reccomand it, and i'm looking forward to do the sequels ! ROGER THAT !"
,Recommended,251150,16819402,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ryong,"I have no words to explain how good this game is.It starts off slow, sure, but once it picks up the pace you're in for an amazing game. It ends on a cliffhanger...But soon that won't matter...Or so I hear."
76561198005470565,Recommended,251150,13134155,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,IHeartOptimus,This game is amazing.  I have tried for YEARS to get engaged in a classic type rpg that would captivate me like the ones from my youth.  I had almost given up hope when I stumbled accross this gem.  Its pretty much perfect.  I can't find one thing to complain about.  If you like JRPGs then you will love this.
76561198030853806,Recommended,251150,13704972,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Desert Gurt,"Really nice JRPG, it's quite refreshing to play something from the golden generation!"
,Recommended,251150,13625135,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jay,"Love this game already. Seriously, it's awesome. If you're into RPG/JRPGs then you'll love this game.EDIT: Finished the game. Amazing plot twist. Just...wow. If you haven't got it yet, what are you waiting for?"
76561198041792008,Recommended,251150,13171097,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,werepyre2327,"This  game is surprisingly entertaining. It has an interesting combat system, fun characters, and it keeps you wanting to play more. (i only have 13 hours logged right now because i havent installed it on my new computer yet, but i will shortly) The level of ability customization is reminicent of golden sun in some aspects, and its well worth its price if you have ANY interest in jrpg's."
76561198139218208,Recommended,251150,13599575,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,lightl,Really great story driven  RPG that has a likeable cast  of characters. Everyone should play this game.Great starting point for the series
76561198045331291,Recommended,251150,13600520,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,kjkim98105,Great game!
76561198067485182,Recommended,251150,13263767,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,samstanghib,Great game. Great story.
76561198133152293,Recommended,251150,14778257,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,RPG Addict,"Player-mocking chests.Colorful cast.Nice soundtrack.Only the beginning of a three-part RPG bomb.What are you waiting for? GO, GET IT!"
,Recommended,251150,19085291,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,gaignun879,Just a great old school JRPG. Excellent localization and dialogue that takes the old tired stories of JRPGs and makes them interesting again.
,Recommended,251150,19281599,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,onionkiri,"I'd recommend this to anyone who likes RPGs at all.  Gameplay is great.  Story is good although nothing special.  Where this game REALLY stands out is its incredible attention to detail, charming and memorable characters, and painstaking worldbuilding.Buy it if you: like long and involved stories, like talking to NPCs (they all have their own stories! and they KEEP GOING!), like JRPGs, or any of the things above.Don't buy it if you: are impatient for stories that hit the ground running, like self-contained stories, or just don't want to have nice things."
76561198030871920,Recommended,251150,19257539,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,altefquatre,"I would definitely recommand this game, the story is really well orchestrated! And that jaw-dropping end... Falcom / XSEED, you did your job well, now I want to buy the Second Chapter"
,Recommended,251150,19280422,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cid,An absolute must for anyone who grew up on SNES/PSX RPGs.
76561198396221125,Recommended,251150,32725549,Posted: 24 June,all,BellaCigno,"I'm a couple hours in and this game is so fun! I love Estelle and Joshua and feel like I'm going on a real journey. I started playing this game years ago and it was only by fate that I came across it on Steam so I was surprised to stumble upon it. The only con is there's a TON of reading. Luckily I'm a big reader of books but if you're not into a bunch of reading and you skip story segments, you may miss important tips on where to go next."
,Recommended,251150,32725132,Posted: 24 June,all,MagicComa106,"This game doesn't feel very innovative, but it gets a lot of things right. This is a solid tactics game that has had me engaged since I first started a file. I look forward to playing through the game and picking up the second and third entries in the series as well."
76561198008686924,Recommended,251150,34052275,Posted: 5 August,all,Deque,Great game for those that like old school RPG's 80/80
,Recommended,251150,32734762,Posted: 24 June,all,A Lightning Round,"The story is engrossing and charming, although a bit slow to start and your standard JRPG tropes exist throughout. For some people this can be a turn-off but I thought the long and slow-burning story served to build a solid foundation for character motivations and get me bought into the rest of the story. The characters are each sufficiently built out with their own interests and friendships and the cast definitely becomes an iconic group as time goes on and they continue to work together.The battle system is average to above average and leans heavily on your standard JRPG tropes. I don't really have that much to say about it other than I never really felt like I got the hang of the psuedo-materia system for magic. It didn't get in the way, there was sufficient challenge, and the battles and bosses lent themselves to the appropriate gravitas depending upon the context in the story of why you were fighting. I've read complaints about battles taking too long and I can certainly understand that critique, so if you want quick battles you will definitely find that requirement wanting.This series is my absolute favorite JRPG series of all time and I would recommend anyone with even a passing interest in story-driven RPGs give this title a look. Just please, for the love of God, don't stop after this game. It ends on a grueling cliffhanger that anyone would be remiss to see unresolved. The second game is even better."
76561197983991657,Recommended,251150,34083322,Posted: 7 August,all,outlawaw18,This is one of the best RPGs that I have played in a while. From the story to the combat all are very good. I loved this game and can't recomend it enough.
76561198001736399,Recommended,251150,33778269,Posted: 24 July,all,poor_yorick,"The game ranks high on the list of the best I have ever played! It has an engaging and inspiring story; a unique and interesting combat system; and a spectrum of difficulty levels that can satisfy those who play RPGs for the story, those who play for combat, and everyone inbetween. It's worth every penny you pay for it, even if it's not on sale!"
76561198057875952,Recommended,251150,34090177,Posted: 7 August,all,Lozange,"So I played and finished this game ages ago and forgot to review it. Whoops. Fortunately, it gives me a good excuse to deliver a PSA:A lot of reviews will talk about the slow pace of the game, and this is still true. HOWEVER, the game just received a patch to include a turbo mode, that will allow you to speed up the game whenever you wish. So if a battle animation is taking a while, or if you want to travel somewhere quickly, you can do that now! So don't worry about that particular aspect.Anyway, other reviews can tell you more, but it's a great game and so are the two sequels. Totally worth it if you want a meaty JRPG with cool characters and a highly detailed world of lore and minor details to explore."
,Recommended,251150,23655124,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,☮ GD_Anirudh100 ❤,One of the most underrated games ever.9/10 Story10/10 Characters10/10 MusicIf you like Classic JRPGs then buy this game without a second thought. Its Amazing!
76561198071324871,Recommended,251150,29237895,Posted: 13 January,all,prosnacks,"I finished the game (just the first game; FC) in normal difficulty a few days ago and the thing that really stands out is that it is more of a story driven game rather than your ""grind-heavy"" rpg. Battles and character customizations can be difficult and confusing at first, but very easy to get into. Other differences is the currency system which is slightly different from other rpgs, a cooking system, side-quests that are fun to do, books and newspapers to read, NO RANDOM ENCOUNTERS, and so much more for a game that was released in 2004.And again, the very best part is the journey you took in, the story that unfolds as you go through the game. The characters are unique. I liked how they developed throughout my playthrough, only to find out I was already attached to all of them. So I suggest to take your time and read through the dialogue if you really want to enjoy this game to the fullest.To conclude, after playing so many old RPGs like Lunar, Final Fantasy, Zelda, The Tales series, and many more, I can finally say that Trails in the Sky is now my favorite."
76561198025339322,Recommended,251150,17498194,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Requiem,"I'm on Chapter 2 so far, but so far this game is exactly what I wanted it to be. Its a solid JRPG with an interesting story, memorable characters, and fairly customizable ability system. The combat is turned based, which is what I was looking for, and there is enough variety in the abilities and the enemies that I haven't grown bored with it yet.So far I haven't really had to grind, but I don't avoid many enemies and do all of the side quests so that may just be me. The game feels very open to me moving forward at my own pace, I don't feel rushed nor do I feel punished if I try to push ahead too soon.When it comes to the graphics, they wont exactly blow your mind but they are fun and have some personality to them. They have a very nostalgic feel and really take me back to some of my favorite games from the PS2 era.All in all, while I wouldn't exactly call it groundbreaking, I would say this is a very solid JRPG and fans of the genre should probably give it a try."
76561198090732270,Recommended,251150,17343993,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,agentvivi,"Very beautiful game. The story is rich with lore and the combat system is great. There is one downside with the game and that is the cliffhanger for the game and you have to wait for the next part to finish being tranlated(which is supposed to be sometime this year) If you like traditional jrpg and turn based games, this one is really worth it."
76561198102339538,Recommended,251150,17508421,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,wagneraz23,"Yes! This truly is one of the best RPG games ever made. Seriously.Often overlooked, but extremely fun and well made, this game offers you so much stroy-driven fun to assure even the most seasoned RPG that this will not be a boring, trivial experience. The combat system is fun, and the artwork is great; but the truly most amazing thing about this game is how it sucks you into its story like a good book. At several moments in this game, I would call it a ""page turner"" if it was indeed a book.That said, this is not a game that focuses only on gameplay, or forces you to be amazing at combat. This is simply a really fun game that anyone can enjoy, and to me fills a very important gap between passive, and active entertainment not often seen in the video game industry. This is the kind of game you can sit down and play when you are exhausted from a long day's work, this is a video game you can play when you've had a few before going to sleep, this is a game you can play anytime you need a middle thing between TV/Book and a game, but can't seem to find another you haven't played.This is in fact a really great game that anyone who can enjoy the ""Yakuza"" series or ""Heavy Rain"" or all these most excellent casual games can easily enjoy. It is not frustrating like Final Fantasy, it is not competitive like Diablo, it is not merely point and click like Syberia; but to anyone who read my review and thinks that this game might be up their alley, trust me, it is EASILY one of the best at filling this real sweet spot in the video gaming industry."
,Recommended,251150,16066378,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Pelandes,"A good old JRPG brought back for those who missed it last time. Make sure not to make the same mistake twice.It's really hard to try to introduce this game without spoiling anything. You control Estelle and Joshua, daughter and adopted son of the legendary Cassius Bright, in their quest of becoming Bracers. However, they get wrapped up in an adventure they never asked for, as mysterious people start plotting behind the scenes and they so happen to cross paths with our characters and their friends, so it doesn't take long before things get personal.Gameplay-wise, you run around the world doing quests and battling enemies in a turn-based fashion (though not in a static environment, but instead you move in a 3D grid and attack enemies or aid teammates within range), visit cities, get better gear, read through the lore and complete story missions. Classic formula. Though that doesn't mean it's bad. Quite the contrary, actually.With the port to PC we got (somewhat) better graphics, the ability to rotate the camera and (of course) Steam achievements and cards. Aside that, it's your old Trails in the Sky -for those who played it back in the day. Also, for just who did not (like me), this is the first chapter, and it ends with a MASSIVE cliffhanger. The devs, however, have confirmed that the rest of the series will come to Steam as well.+ Seriously long game (over 50 hours), enjoyable all the way to the end.+ Pretty unique battle system. Removes the randomness of critic attacks and other stuff, and you get a turn queue in which is forewarned that ""in that turn you deal more damage"", ""in that turn you'll auto-heal a certain amount"" and so on, so you have to try and position yourself in the best spot to get the bonuses.+ Fantastic job in world and character building. The NPCs actually change their lines as the story progresses, making the world seem alive and real.+ Double-check all looted chests. For real. You can thank me later.+ The story is brilliant and you will want to see it through the end. It hooks you up with its ""what is going to happen next?"" feeling and a perfect mixture of comedy and drama, though...- ... it takes absolutely FOREVER to build up the plot. The first 10 hours are just you strolling around the place without realizing that something is going on in the background, and the last 10, in contrast, are things coming down so fast that it is hard to keep up.- There is a TON of text to read and literally no voice acting, so you have no option but to read through the dialogue. I don't have a problem with that, though, but I know some people will.- The optional quests have a time limit, and become unavailable after certain story missions have been played. Also, you don't get to revisit some areas of the map after the plot has moved on. Perfecting this game is a hard feat.This game gets an 8.5 out of 10. Hope the sequel will knock of my socks as well."
76561198177357439,Recommended,251150,35095278,Posted: 20 September,all,691213544,We need Japanese dubbing.我们需要日语配音.私たちは日本語吹き替えが必要で.Wir brauchen japanische synchronisation.Нам нужно  японский  голос.Nous avons besoin de japonais de doublage.우리가 필요한 일본어 더빙 .Necesitamos doblaje japonés.Χρειαζόμαστε Ιάπωνες μεταγλώττιση.Abbiamo bisogno di doppiaggio giapponese.我們需要日語配音.نحن بحاجة إلى  الدبلجة اليابانيةเราต้องพากย์เสียงภาษาญี่ปุ่นChúng ta cần tiếng Nhật lồng tiếngtarvitsemme japanin jälkiäänitysme peame jaapani dubleerimistимаме нужда от японски дублажpotrzebujemy japoński dubbingvi har brug for japanske eftersynkroniseringWe moeten Japanse nasynchronisatiejen potřebujeme japonsky.avem nevoie de japonezi.Precisamos de dublagem japonesavi behöver japanska dubbningpotrebujemo japonski dubszükségünk van a japán dub
76561198077257068,Recommended,251150,24035931,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,GreyHeartedHero,One of the best RPGs I've ever played.
,Recommended,251150,19955040,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Colonel,"this game is really lighthearted, and cute, and fun. it's slow, but it's good that it's slow, because that means it takes longer for it to be over, and then when it is over, you can play the even slower, bigger, more fun sequel, that i also like very much"
,Recommended,251150,27402657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lys,"This game, and its sequel, is simply one heck of a roadtrip from its start to its final conclusion. Charming both graphically and on an audio level, a storyline of epic proportions and more characters than you can shake your staff at. Wholeheartedly recommended for any JRPG fan with time on their hands."
76561197995823715,Recommended,251150,18832030,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,000,"amazing jrpg by Falcom. great music, gameplay. and story line."
76561198044642414,Recommended,251150,18796702,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,danwolfejr,very fun game with rich story cant wait for the next part
,Recommended,251150,18808867,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,singsing,awesome games!awesome plot and  story!awesome soundtrack!look almost like suikoden 2 but different skill and JRPG system.
,Recommended,251150,22985373,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,The Memessiah,"I'd been sitting on checking this out for a while. Decided to take a plunge and go for it. What I got was fantastic character writing, world building, and an extremely well paced plot that doesn't even end with this game. The battle system is incredibly fun as well with its unique mix of traditional, turn-based menu actions and the ability to position your characters in ways that can make or break whole fights. Strategy and party position are as important as how optimal your gear and abilities are for oncoming fights. Party members come and go throughout each chapter, keeping character interaction and dialogue fun and interesting throughout the whole duration of the game. And since they all come back by the end, they all keep up with your current level, meaning you don't need to ever worry about grinding them up to speed.Of course, the game isn't without its flaws either. This game has sidequests. Some are pretty cool and expand on character development, but... most don't. Most are fetch quests, monster hunting quests, and boy lemme tell ya, those monster hunting quests can be utter NONSENSE. Think you're gonna tackle just one tough monster? Nah. More often than not, it's 4 or 5 of that monster you saw, and they're all equally strong as hell. And the backtracking for some of these quests is absolutely dreadful, especially if you're going for the achievement that requires you finish all of these sidequests. And let's not forget the non-descript deadline they all have. You'll think you were on the right track, only to find you've progressed the plot too far on accident and to see that irritating squiggly mark next to the quest indicating failure.All that said though, this game is still fantastic and I'd easily give it a solid 8 or even 9/10. Everything else more than makes up for a bit of annoying backtracking and grating battles. Recommended.P.S.Without spoiling anything, there's a skill in the game called Petrify Breath. Always try have that on someone. Always. It works on some bosses and can turn a tedious fight in your favor. That and freeze, which is actually a passive skill that is an added effect for all attacks with a 10% chance of success."
,Recommended,251150,13429277,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tmark,"The best JRPG i have ever played. Second chapter coming soon, so you still got time to play this.Be warned though, it's humongous."
,Recommended,251150,12506518,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,sasuke619675,"I have been following this game for a while now, waiting for it to come out on PC. I owned it for PSP, but never got around to playing it. I now see what I missed and am glad to be experiencing it for the first time. Highly recommended for JRPG fans. Light-hearted, great battle system, interesting story, I can't wait to continue playing."
,Recommended,251150,11883479,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Juicy_Haggis,Best game I have played in years! And hands down one of the best RPGs of all time!
,Recommended,251150,21594737,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cage JRPG Fanatic,"What I can say about this amazing game. I already own the PSP version, and I had to buy the PC version just to support it. I didn't play the PSP version. But after waiting and waiting, I heard they're gonna re release this game on Steam. So by luck, I had to buy it.So good part about this game.Pros: If you love Lunar settings and Grandia somewhat battle system, you'll feel right at home.Pros: Amazing music. Some music repeats here and there, but it won't ruin it. It's fun to listen to it. A+Pros: The characters are amazing. They're not too ""Animelike"" But they're fun and great.Cons: The only bad thing I have to say about this game, the battle soometimes takes long time to finish. Not a bad thing, just takes a lot of time to beat.Final thoughts:  Lunar + Grandia = Legend Of Heroes. Great game. 8/10. A MUST HAVE!"
76561198064720773,Recommended,251150,11721214,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,HUNKmeSideways,"Classic JRPG from when JRPGs were actually worth anyone's time. It is very dialog heavy so if you hate reading, you will get bored. But the character development and personality within each conversation is what makes these kinds of games memorable. The combat is rather simple turn based styled, but actually rather difficult and requires the use of various tactics.Tons of hours of gameplay. Very fair price. The programer who has been pumping out hotfixes is amazing. Support this game."
76561198072430010,Recommended,251150,13913264,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Metal,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is an excellent strategy JRPG that I would recommend to any fan of JRPGs to try out!POSITIVES:+Great soundtrack+Battles are fun and never felt boring/repetitive+Interesting/unique cast of characters+Orbment system allows a great deal of customization for each character.  You can even have an entire team of spellcasters for one battle, or change it up to a traditional tank/spellcaster/melee formation whenever you want! The combination of orbments attached to a person will affect which artes/spells they can cast along with additional bonus effects (artes cast time reduction, %HP, etc)NEUTRAL:+/- There is a LOT of dialogue in this game which may be a negative if you do not enjoy reading.  However, it is well written and enjoyable to read (in my opinion)+/- The story progresses slowly in the beginning (prologue + chapter 1) but picks up its pace once you reach the 2nd chapterNEGATIVE:-Too many generic side-quests which interrupted the flow of the main storyline.  These side-quests are very time-sensitive, so if you're a completionist then you better finish them before they expire-Spells/artes felt overpowered halfway into the game (once you learn the stronger AOE damage artes).  At this point, it felt pointless to use regular strike and sometimes even craft skillsCan't wait for XSEED to release the 2nd chapter sequel!8.5/10"
,Recommended,251150,13951994,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,P90 Ninja Warrior,"if u like to play suikoden. u will love this oneone of the best jrpg i've ever played, if u looking at the review to see if this game worth to buy, dont waste ur time to look any further, just buy it right now, u will love this game and there will be more of this, because the story still continuing. it's just a part of the whole story but still even if u speed play it will take at least 40 hours to finish this.the best moment from my experience playing this game :i've spent around 10 hours playing this game at first, just when i thought i've gone quite far, then i see this word""Prologue End""then i realized it's not even chapter 1, it's just the beginning of the story10/10"
76561198104176463,Recommended,251150,23495218,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,where am i,"good game, deep story usual trails battle system yeeeeeeeeee"
,Recommended,251150,28207799,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Pendragon,"An absolutely fantastic JRPG title, despite its severe age. While it says the Release Date is 2014, in truth the title was initially released in Japan in 2004.One thing that caught me by surprise was the fact that there is no tag for Female Protagonist. While you can re-order your characters so that random events no longer revolve around Estelle, this will not change the fact that there are dialogue events where Estelle is the only controllable character. I suppose because you can have up to four characters you control in combat, this isn't really comparable to Tomb Raider for example. However, this doesn't change the fact that the story revolves around Estelle and she is considered the Player Character.But don't let this deter you. I was initially confused as well but I quickly found the change to be enjoyable, as it makes things pretty different and the reactions between Estelle and her friends, which you normally wouldn't see as a male PC, is really funny and cute. People who absolutely cannot stand it though can always just self-insert as Joshua or something, which is the other protagonist.On Nightmare difficulty, which made the game hell (please do not pick Nightmare, this was a colossal mistake), I've easily sunk 100 hours into this game. While it seems like picking Nightmare will give you more bang for your buck, it is a severe mistake to make if you're not playing on New Game Plus with previous playthrough equipemnt at the least. The game is basically luck-based from Prologue to Chapter 2, as you lack spells that I've discovered are 100% essential to surviving *any* fight you don't outlevel in Nightmare, such as Earth Wall, Chaos Brand, Hell Gate, Shadow Spear, La Teara...I say it's ""luck based"", but be aware there is an offset option. This makes it so that every time you hit Retry, the difficulty of the encounter is slightly reduced. This does not change casting spells or anything, this is just a flat stat reduction, but be aware that higher difficulties are just plain stat increases to begin with. There are no additional mechanics, nor do the monsters gain additional levels which grant them superior spells, it's just they have more speed, more damage, more health, and it means that if you don't strategize ahead very well, two consecutive hits on one of your designated casters will end them. In Chapter 4, for the record, that's one hit. But by then you have the right characters and the right Quartz to be able to outmaneuver the AI.So I enjoyed Nightmare difficulty in the latter chapters, but not so in the earlier ones. I strongly urge to play Normal or Hard, and only in your second playthrough (New Game Plus) play on Nightmare, and with it import your Quartz and equipment. Without those high level Quartz that grant you access to key spells, I found it flatly impossible to win some encounters until after I lost a few times and their stats lowered.All in all, it is a very rich story, I laughed a *lot*, and it had me hooked all the way to its flabbergasting cliffhanger ending which is forcing me to consider ending my re-run and playing Trails in the Sky SC immediately. This is a *must* play for any JRPG fan, and I recommend it as a great way to introduce yourself to the JRPG medium for non-JRPG players.One last thing: It is best to inform you beforehand that there is something called BP, which is a reward for quests. Only *ten* or so dialogue choices in, I realized that I have been losing BP. This didn't really concern me, as I already failed some quests I didn't attend to in time, but it did annoy me as I thought dialogue choices were just a personality thing. For example, the first one that affects your BP is a choice between charging in alone or waiting for your team. I thought the realistic thing of a newbie girl is to just charge in bravely, but this apparently deducted BP from me.Additionally, the way you handle some parts of some quests is not clear and will reduce your BP if you are unaware of it. For example, a monster you are hunting might run away if you approach it from the front, and if it runs away you will lose BP.While I *strongly* urge to NOT use a walkthrough in your first playthrough as it is an abysmal thing that will ruin your experience if you ask me, I do urge finding some BP guide that will abstractly inform you of things you should avoid doing or make sure to do as you play through the game. I am now playing a second run to max out my BP. The reason this is important is because you gain notable benefits and NPC conversation changes if you finish certain quests (or fail to do so) and whether or not you hit max BP or not. So I'm replaying the game with a walkthrough before I continue on to SC.But again, I will strongly urge to avoid actual walkthroughs. Search online for some BP checklist, unless you're okay with not receiving these benefits in the next game (it comes down from what I've read to an important Quartz you can only otherwise gain in the late lategame) or you're fine with doing a second playthrough like me."
,Recommended,251150,11575319,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sunder,"This game feels really nostalgic for me. This is classic JRPG gaming at it's best. All it is missing, really, is a fishing minigame.It's also nice that the dumb, strong, oblivious protaganist is a female. That doesn't happen very often!Buy this so XSEED brings over more of their franchises (Wild Arms, Shadow Hearts), and the other two parts of this series!"
76561198071947844,Recommended,251150,13966185,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,PhantomII,"Of all the games that I have played, this game may very well be my favorite. The story is fantastic and keeps building upon itself. The more you do and the more information you learn by talking to different people or doing quests adds to the overall enjoyment of the game as the game will reference itself throughout the story. The gameplay is also a very nice take on the strategy RPG genre. The music is also some of the best I have heard in a game for a long time. All in all it is a fantastic game and if you enjoy JRPGs then this is a game you should give a try."
76561198064818851,Recommended,251150,18405347,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,jegonzalez122,Awsome and outstanding game.  Deep storyline. Sollid tactical combat system.  The random turn bonuses can be pretty punishing at times. Challenging battles; not just boss figths but in the fields as well. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Can't wait for the next chapter!
,Recommended,251150,13992444,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Papa,one of the best JRPG on steam. great story and great gameplay. cant wait for the second chapter.
76561198017685970,Recommended,251150,13204461,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Firnantok,"Beautiful story, great music and everything else you want from a JRPG. 10/10"
76561198057108001,Recommended,251150,11701979,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Blackthorne,"On par with the Golden Sun series for story and length, Trails in the Sky is an expansive rpg with Final Fantasy Tactics combat.  With a constant mix of usable characters, combat stays fresh and challenging.  The story builds upon the two main characters as they mature, using sarcasm, wit, drama, and comedy to full effect, keeping the story from growing dull.For those who were disappointed and bored by the repetitive Agarest, this game redeems the JRPG on Steam.  The only problem is that the sequel has not yet come out.And any time you have a reference to both Shakespeare and Dragon Ball Z in the same game...you should buy it."
,Recommended,251150,11647674,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tero,I don't normally play JRPGs or even like them that much but i really enjoyed thisstory is pretty endearing and little details and world building keeps it interesting and its also paced really welland everything Estelle says is just goldCombat was also really greatlevels don't matter much and its mostly about strategy and preparationi kinda wish the saves were handled little better like it should auto save before some of the bosses so i could chance my loadout without having to reload save from hours ago but i guess thats  just me being too spoiled by some of the modern games
76561198006882161,Recommended,251150,11589223,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,GamingSlug,"awesome jrpg, if its a genre you like then buy it you wont be disappointed.cant wait for number 2"
,Recommended,251150,11930083,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,F'rynn,"Played the PSP version before this one ..All i can say is , this is one of my favorite JRPG out there ..Great Storyline , Great character development , Great gameplay and also there's an empty chest joke whenever you check again the treasure chests you looted . what can you possibly ask more XDThat aside , will be waiting for the Second Chapter / SC after i finish this playthrough :3Oh yeah one more thing , it seems that all bugs are all fixed so those who experienced errors /crash and stuff earlier can play perfectly now :3"
,Recommended,251150,11557587,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,🌻 Kazami 🌻,Played through the whole game. Slow at start but the battle get to tend to be faster at the end. Good Animation Nice story. A lot of Dialogue. In-depth of the characters and story. Epic cliff-hanger at the end. I hope I see Chapter 2 at the end of 2014.
76561198044219655,Recommended,251150,11855804,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,sbm1000,"Lots of interesting components in this game. It has awesome story so you couldn't stop playing this game once you started it.When I started this game first 7 years ago, I extremely indulged in this game. Even I didn't fill up my stomach.The connection of each story is progressed very smoothly. Most of Critics give the story big score and I agree. I sobbed when I saw the end of story. Also given that this game is released 10 years ago first, the graphic is not so bad. (Truely, If you are the player who loves wonderful graphic games like Crysis, It may disappoint you.)There are lots of 'The Legend of Heroes : Trails' series and this game is the first of series. Make sure play this game. I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,251150,11570101,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,most positive player,"Falcom should be given so many props for this piece of art. From the wonderful soundtrack to the masterfully written script. From the small talk with the citizens to the main storyline, every character feels like they're unique, and aren't just cookie-cutter NPCs. Even if you aren't into JRPGs, I still recommend you pick this one up. It's a journey that should be experienced.PS.Joshua is the best girl."
76561197972060587,Recommended,251150,11554464,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,~Wrath~,"Yay, another RPG on steam, a few more and why would you even buy a console :X If you are like me and was raised on JRPGs, dont mind a bit of grind and depth, you will surely like this one too, now we just need some of those Tales of Vesperia to get to steam ^^"
,Recommended,251150,11695104,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Fuzzychan,This is a good game with interesting and varied characters. The combat system seems a little awkard with placement being important but you are not able to move THEN do something (at least not in a controlled fashion) but the story and graphics more than make up for that. I'm definitely looking forward to getting my hands on the next instalment!
,Recommended,251150,11600845,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,zaTOPaz,Old style tactical RPG !!!Recommend to all of you who love playing turn-based RPGStory Rich and Gripping story and Interesting battle command
76561198041012579,Recommended,251150,11591160,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Repeat,"Great game!One downfall is that once you leave a city, you can't go back.Make sure you complete all the quests on the board before moving forward. Explore every nook and cranny before moving on"
,Recommended,251150,11790852,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Aeliss,"A charming story, a bunch of spells and skills, a fun combat system, and tons and tons of stuff to collect.  What's not to like?"
,Recommended,251150,20439492,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,RiKouma,"Same level with Grandia ,FFVII and ur 3rd favourite JRPG .Not even finished yet (30hrs) , but I already can say this for sure !Don´t miss this ! ! 1337 ! ! 1337 ! ! 1337 ! !"
76561198020972258,Recommended,251150,27778112,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dclintsman,"I'm going to get this out of the way now - The Trails series is NOT for everyone. HOWEVER - if you enjoy a game that takes its time, actually builds up all of the characters (even the NPCs) and has a world with rich lore/history behind it - this is the series for you.While Trails in the Sky is a MASSIVE slow burn (It really doesn't feel like it 'picks up' story wise until about 70% of the way through) - but after it's over, you'll realize that everything that happened in the game DID matter.While the graphics are nothing groundbreaking, i think they fit the game just fine (and the HD for the steam version is great compared to the PSP) - and the gameplay i feel is top notch.If you're intersted in a more traditional JRPG with a ton of dialogue, memorable characters and story, and fantastic world-building - you won't find better."
,Recommended,251150,18120985,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,actrois,Best JRPG on steam hands down
,Recommended,251150,19563252,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Jimmy Russel,"SHORT VERSION: If you like games with well-crafted lore and setting, lovable characters and excellent attention to detail as well as world-building, this game is definitely for you. While it may start out slow, it's because it takes it's time to build up, and in the end it will be all worth it.________________________________________________________________________________Have you ever felt nostalgia for something that you haven't played yet? This was what I felt when I started playing Trails in the Sky. Made by Falcom back in 2005, Trails in the Sky tells the story of a plucky young tomboy named Estelle, and her adopted brother Joshua, as they take on the role of junior members of the Bracer Guild, a group that undertakes tasks and requests to protect civilians and maintain the stability of their country, the Liberl Kingdom.The story itself is very well presented, and is really something that modern JRPGs lack. The characters themselves are likable, with humorous banter, good one-liners and engaging dialogue when push comes to shove. The amount of foreshadowing is insane, having the subtlest detail early on in the story developing and playing a huge role later on. While it starts out fairly tame, with a bit of a slice-of-life atmosphere as you take on various sidequests from the Bracer Guild, it slowly becomes evident that something is happening within the kingdom, as numerous incidence and weird coincidences occur starting from an airship hi-jacking, which escalates into a full-scale conspiracy. The feel itself is reminiscent of late 90s to early 00s JRPGs like Suikoden and Xenogears, as the developers themselves wrote the story for years before they could even make it into the game, making sure that no plotholes or sudden asspulls happen in the story. There is focus on world building too, as there are various notes and NPCs in the game that shed some light into the history of the Liberl Kingdom, from political structure, history of the royal family, political events and relations with its neighboring countries, as well as regional customs. This can also be seen in reading the Liberl News issues, an in-game newspaper that can be bought and will not only shed light on recent major events that your characters have partaken in, but also show off backgrounds of places and traditions in the kingdom.The gameplay involves traditional turn based JRPG action with a bit of tactical movement thrown in with the use of movements in grids and heavy emphasis on turn order manipulation. Its a relatively simple formula, but becomes interesting as you gain more skills that work with turn order. Unlike most JRPGs before, status effects are actually good in this game and is key to making short of hard to kill enemies and/or bosses. The skill system has a bit of depth in it, promoting mixing and testing different combinations of gems (or Quartz in this game) that results in different skills.Exploration is open-ended. While the game doesn't have a full world map and eschews for interconnected highways and roads like Final Fantasy X, the game encourages players to explore areas that are available to the from the get-go, which rewards players with good equipment, good leveling spots and sidequests. Sidequests in this game are entertaining, as they're not just fetch quests or eliminating X numbers of monsters, but rather involve bit of investigation and decision making for full reward. This, coupled with the characters throwing witty dialogue makes sidequests fun to do and not feel soulless or seem like padding.As with all Falcom games, Trails in the Sky excels in the music department. The musical score ranges from a jazzy battle theme and upbeat field music, to relaxing seaside themes and orchestra. The selection makes every scene count and fits right in whether it be a sentimental one or while traversing along the highroads. Just the opening theme itself gives the player of what to expect from the game, starting slow and steady and slowly making its way to an epic orchestra.As far as it goes, Trails in the Sky is one of those games that I really really want to promote, its a very under appreciated and niche gem, made with a lot of heart as well as attention to detail and good story telling. With a good amount of drama, mixed with political intrigue and with a dash of humor, Trails in the Sky is a game that harkens back to the days of quality JRPGs."
,Recommended,251150,24237973,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,5h0ck3D,"Freaking awesome!!! So damn immersed in the story line, each character has their own personality, almost as if you are living in the world of Liberl~ Praise the scriptwriter and artist for character devepment, each line written are given deep thoughts and meaningful to the story progress. The side quests are very much interesting to do, i tried to do every quest but when i reach Zeiss, the story was so intense I'd forget to done any of them. The world of Liberl is not that big but it is fun to explore every inch of the world, speaking to every NPC which each have their own story and easter eggs. I am ery much impressed in the progression of the story line and the plot-twist, although this game has been out for quite a while already, it really is worth to buy it for the story line if you will. The only flaw I would like to complain is that the character usually miss their attack too much (Not sure just me or happen to everyone)If you like good story line with turn-base system and well done character art, this is the game for you. Definitely worth the money if you ask meEdit: with the condition that you have the patience to read all the dialogue, coz after seeing many negative review this seem to them to be a big problem. But if you are will to give some time into reading it, you will find the story to be more interesting."
,Recommended,251150,15820482,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"To briefly summarize: Trails in the Sky is an embodiment of everything JRPG.Little about it is truly remarkable or unique, and the characters, while mostly entertaining enough, follow common anime/JRPG archetypes for the most part. But its execution and attention to detail is basically unrivaled; everything from the battle system to the opened-chest text is a testament to the game's quality and the thought put into it.Trails in the Sky islong; my own time in the game only reflects a direct playthrough without stopping for sidequests. The game encourages sidequests and rewards you for doing them, but nevertheless isverydoable without them, since XP gained from battles scales according to character levels, so that grinding is kept to a minimum. I will note that alotof stuff in the game is easily overlooked (and can be lost forever), so youwillneed a guide (and many many hours of free time) if you want anything resembling 100% completion.Very much recommended, as a fun game, and as a shining example of how much attention to detail is worth in a JRPG."
,Recommended,251150,28724146,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Weltall,Old school RPG. Music is great.
,Recommended,251150,12220600,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,slashgear29,one of the best written JRPG in years!
,Recommended,251150,24927117,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Badabing,Great game!
76561198275314751,Recommended,251150,24928215,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,alextrondiestro,"Excelent game. It was worth every penny I paid for it.Fun combat system, beatiful soundtrack, great story and characters full of charisma. You can feel this is a game made with love and dedication."
,Recommended,251150,23881963,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sedres,"Take the thumbs up iwht a pinch of salt. The game is ok, but nothing special. I'm 6 hours in, but it feels like a lot longer than that, and not in a good way.The tediousness of play comes down to things like unnessesary back-tracking, forced into fights against weak enemies that can't even hurt you, and the cost of getting caught off-guard (as opposed to apre-emptive fight) is fighting more enemies. I only really get caught off-guard when I'm trying to rush through, because the fights are boring, so being made to fight more enemies exacerbates this problem.If you're a super hardcore JRPG fan, you might enjoy it more than me."
76561198085171323,Recommended,251150,23713531,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Aer,Dialog heavy but very well written.
76561198048776581,Recommended,251150,24947379,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Faschmer,"I love this game! It has fun and snarky dialogue, cute characters, an actual plot and an ""epic"" quest. It reminds me of rune factory and maybe pokemon, except you get to ""kill"" the monsters and you don't have to do farm work (only 1 quest). Saving the game often is key to success, especially if you are an achievement junkie. All in all I like this game, and I will definitely try the sequel as well, however downside:- They make a huge deal out of introducing rest stops, where you can rest in dungeons and get all your health back. There are maybe 5 or 6 of these in the entire game o0 Totally worthless, better of with food and healing salves.- Supposedly the lamp posts along the road are for keeping monsters away, lies! monsters are in the road constantly. So if you are in a rush and don't want to fight every single thing in the forest zig zag!- If you don't sell sepiths you'll be broke for a long time. For the first couple of chapters the mira (money) rewards are really low, and buying gear takes a long time.- The prices for stuff is way out there, salves are hideously expensive and most of your reward money will probably be spent on healing.- The maps in the game are annoying and for the most part useless. You'll be getting lost a lot!- The quartz are really badly explained, even if you put the same quarts on each of your team members they'll not have the same art abilities or the same stats on their art abilities.- camera rotating, not a success.Upside:- The cooking in the game is cool, eating stuff gives you the recipe. And a lot of monsters drop ingredients.- Sit down meals are a cool concept making you feel like you are in SAO :P Heals your entire group.- You can finish a quest before picking it up, which is nice. If you kill a roadside monster, before you pick up the quest no problem. Pick up quest and turn it in straight away.- Most of the cut scenes are actually interesting.- A lot of different accessories and stuff- You can actually read the books  you pick up, which is always cool.- Unlimited bag space, you can carry anything around!- Quarts system and the battle system is well thought out."
,Recommended,251150,23966676,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Wraith,Chrono Trigger all over again!You can't go wrong with this game10/10 so far...
,Recommended,251150,24991883,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Enlocke,Olivier/10
76561198101628447,Recommended,251150,11829611,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,knowbody07,"This game is fantastic!  The characters are memorable, late game strategy is fairly complex and there's no lack of challenge at higher levels.  I love the story, and I can't wait for the next installments.  If you enjoyed Xenosaga/Xenogears or some of the earlier final fantasy installments you're going to love this game.Best features:- Characters all play very differently.  The story gives you plenty of time to learn each character's strengths and weaknesses, and while you cannot control your party until the end of the game (for truly legitimate storyline reasons), once you have that control you can put together some really interesting dynamics for the end game.  Teamwork is important, and many characters have skills that allow them to function in multiple roles without breaking away from their overall archetype.- Deep and engaging storyline.  For a first chapter I'm really excited to see what happens next.  The initial story is fairly self contained, but the characters are developed just enough to give them true depth without revealing everything about them.  It seems clear that the next installments will expand on each character, and I honestly can't wait to see it.  The bad guys are developed in a similar manner as well, and there are already indications that some of them will be returning in the sequels.  Character motivations are unambiguous (except for when they need to be), and personal conflicts are well defined.- Unique skills are awesome!  Individual character skills are highly accessible, very powerful when used properly, and thematic to each character.  A full party can shift gears from offense to defense at just about any time with these skills, and the enemies are vicious enough to reward both aggressive and conservative playstyles when necessary.- Very Limited level grinding.  XP received is based on your character level.  If you're below level for an area you will gain levels very quickly.  If you're overpowered for an area you will gain levels extremely slowly.  As such, you will quickly rise to the appropriate level for a given area until it's time to move on.Areas that need improvement:- Itemization is dull.  There are only a few game changing pieces of equipment.  Most are just currency sinks that keep you in line with the enemies' power curve.  In most cases characters will upgrade automatically (aside from the two main characters).  It would've been nice to see more variety in the gear.- You can miss out on sidequests.  If you're not careful you'll bypass a lot of hidden quests, or if you advance the story line too quickly you'll lose access to some quests forever.  There's no real reason for this other than ""time constraints.""  The only benefit of this system is that you can't really overpower the sidequests, but for completionists it's a pain.- Magic feels underpowered.  For the most part you won't really need to use magic aside from healing.  At low levels you don't really have enough MP to build a dedicated mage, and at higher levels it's difficult to stack quartz in a way that really maximizes the power of magic since the quartz that boosts magic damage is blue, and blue is primarily for healing magics that heal for a fixed amount and are not based on your magic stat.  Since you need to stack the same color to gain access to the most powerful spells, the system seems to work against itself as a result.  Magic is used in a few very specific circumstances, but any character can do the job for the most part.Overall: 9.5/10.  The games flaws are minor and nitpicky.  It's strengths are glorious.  This game is worth every cent."
76561198047419544,Recommended,251150,11596079,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,iM TriPP n,"This review is more for myself than anything game related. Basically since I can't do anything more at the moment to support this game, like buying the sequel which I will do as soon as it's available, I'll promote this release best I can. Hopefully the fact that I've never bothered to write a review before lends some insight into how I felt about the game after finishing it. There's some vague spoilers at the very end.Prefacing this by the fact I haven't invested time into a lengthy ( > 10 hours) single player game for 5~ years. I had a week before heading back to university and had a crazy urge to hit up some Skies of Arcadia or Tales of Symphonia, childhood era games that I felt were the absolute best in the JRPG genre. Due to convenience and timing of its release on Steam, settled for Trails in the Sky instead.There are plenty of reviews on gameplay and the story telling aspect. But it's like a JRPG version of Metal Gear Solid 4, dialogue and gameplay seem pretty even. Realistically you'll spend much more time controlling characters than reading text however so don't get discouraged, it's not a $20 movie. Without going into depth gameplay is good, two small gripes though.1) You can never really dictate who is in your party until the last four hours or so of gameplay. You always have Joshua and Estelle (both completely capable in every regard) and the others sort of hop in and out of your party until the big get together at the end of the game.2) The grid for determining ""artes"" (magic and w/e) felt a little limited. There's a ton of options but it's not as in depth as I would have prefered. A couple characters, not all, but some are clearly intended to play certain roles.The last half hour of gameplay is why this review is being written. Others have said most of the game feels slow paced, which is somewhat fair to say. The majority of the game is scripted and some events almost felt predictable, but the story throughout continually builds on itself. This is to say it was never boring and I never got the feeling of ""let's skip all the small things and just finish this game, I'm tired of it"". Overall though it's a typical travel from town to town stopping the crisis type of story. But you defeat the final boss, and a couple things happen:Cutscene 1: You regain control of your characters, everyones happy, generic celebratory atmosphere. Run around for a bit, then the party splits up temporarily. One character is hit with a huge realization, like explaining all the questions you ever wanted to know about that character type realization. Immediately sets up the foundation for the sequel. No other party members witness this event however.Cutscene 2: Back to the celebratory atmosphere, different setting though. This time you're in control of only one character, the rest of the party is split up relaxing and whatever. As that one character you can talk to the other party members and some of them mention some more facts that would have been great to know about sooner about the character who just went through some serious development in the previous ""cutscene"". The character you control runs into the other one and in about three minutes of text you are left with a huge cliffhanger and immense dissapointment the sequel isn't on Steam yet."
76561198023723056,Recommended,251150,11963615,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,entrigant,"This is what a RPG should be, and is a rare find these days. A real story wIth real characters and not some generIc hero I have to name wIth a bland generIc back story. The wrItIng Is superb, the characters are memorable, and the story Is entertaInIng and engagIng. The controls are crIsp. The battle system Is beautIfully balanced and excItIng wIthout beIng tIrIng or aggravatIng. The levelIng Is natural wIth no need to grInd. I thoroughly enjoyed every last second of thIs game, and I can't recommend It enough.Absolutely flawless. I'm waItIng anxIously for part 2."
76561198012151525,Recommended,251150,11593984,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Aprion,"I got to say I love this game. The story is enticing and the interactions between the various characters is fantastic. Their colorful personalities and sometimes hilarious conversations really suck you into the story. The artwork is gorgeous and the soundtrack is very nice.All the beautiful character artwork makes it feel more like your playing an interactive anime story instead of any old JRPG at times. The combat system took a little getting used to but its not overly demanding. Its been a long time since I've so enjoyed an RPG game.The only minor issue I have with this game is the rotatable camera. It sometimes makes it very easy to miss certain things because they just happen to be outside your field of vision, depending on how the camera is rotated. And it also throws off your sense of direction at times. Other then that id rank this game very highly. And at its current price its an absolute steal.In conclusion, If you like JRPG games, or just plain RPG games with a good story and colorful characters, then you must not miss this one. Screw Final Fantasy, I'd take this game over that one anyday."
,Recommended,251150,13797203,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Leonardo DiCaprio,"This has been the first game I've played in a very, very long time I've so thoroughly enjoyed that it shocked me.The story and characters are incredibly strong, and playing through it, I even felt inclined to speak to minor characters because with each new development, every character changes. The story took me a great deal of time to complete, something I really enjoy in an RPG, though some may disagree. The gameplay insofar as combat is very enjoyable, but not super-hard (at least, not when I played through it. I didn't ever grind throughout the story and managed to complete it without losing).I'm not great at talking about things for long periods of time, but I rarely ever review games, and I felt inclined to review this one due to how much I enjoyed it.If you're a fan of JRPGs, just buy this one. I'm confident you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,251150,11679962,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,naked machine man,"I am not really a JRPG person. Does Fire Emblem Awakening count as a JRPG? If it doesn't, I believe the most recent one I played is Phantasy Star IV on an emulator. Other than that, I've primarily been acquainted with WRPGs.But this game is great.As of the time I write this, It strikes a delicate balance between modern and classic RPGs. In terms of being player friendly, it is neither hand-holding or frustratingly cryptic. The graphics are outdated but pleasant, a good mesh of 3D and 2D and character portraits with a wide range of expressions (something I always appreciated since FE). The battle system calls for no mastery of strategy, but it's always satisfying to nuke a horde of enemies with a big fat AoE.So far I spoke only of how this game might be acceptable. Why do I like it so much? The story, my dear boy, the story.By story, I mean everything from the background of the world, to characterization, the plot, and how it's all presented. The steampunk-ish world where there are monarchs, airships, and magic goes between almost idyllic and gut-wrenching (in a good way) as events unfold. All the NPCs you meet have their own lives, and although it may be just a few lines, they change over the course of a chapter so you can see how their stories progress. The plot constantly piques your curiosity, but is not overbearing and feels natural, thanks to the focus on the main characters meshing beautifully with the standard secret conspiracy/shocking reveal fare of JRPGs. You'll grow to like them and care about them, and see things unfold from their perspective. Witty dialogue from a hardworking localization team certainly helps as well. In retrospect, you might be able to play 'spot the cliches', but the game manages to make it immersive and engaging.Oh, and the music's great too. More focus on chill than epic, but that's how the game rolls.So I think you should buy this game, worth full price, and if you're too poor for that do buy it when it's on sale."
76561198115975773,Recommended,251150,11736220,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,danstan2,Amazing story and characters. Slow to start off with but it gets better and better. And that ending. Can't wait for the second chapter.
,Recommended,251150,14412885,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,BabyArmy,"A stunning game and easily one of the best in the genre (that I've played, at least). The story immerses you into the game's incredible world from the get-go and takes you on a thrilling roller coaster of emotions that, after a while, becomes quite addictive. The game has a wonderful charm around it as well, especially when it comes to the characters and dialogue. Typical turn-based, strategy combat that can prove to be a challenge at times while not being too impossible to overcome (I'm not a strategist at all, and even I managed to kick some buttocks). Although some have complained that the quests are much the same and blend together far too easily, I've found there to be enough variance in the game- especially with the story line- that you really don't feel like it is repetetive at all. It's a very well-designed, well-paced game that keeps you engrossed in it from start to finish. And the music is to die for. It has such a beautiful soundtrack! I honestly cannot sing this game's praises loudly enough. It is beautiful, wonderful, stunning, exquisite, just... a really enjoyable game.So glad I decided to give it a try, and I cannot wait for the release of the second installment of the series! Hopefully it comes to Steam! (Otherwise I might cry...)"
76561198029579791,Recommended,251150,14701149,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Siegfoult,Next please.
76561198101604474,Recommended,251150,13665593,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,geosus35,"What to say about this game so far, Well first off if you like a good story this game is for you.This game doesnt throw you into the thick of it straight away and make you some other worldly hero instead you get to learn and start small and progress through the ranks which is a nice change of pace. So far ive been impressed and have been intrigued by the characters and wish to continue the story to see what happens.You dont find games like this very often!"
,Recommended,251150,32671973,Posted: 23 June,all,Classy Jesus,"Game has a slow start but god damn, its worth it.10/10(Played this after playing both cold steel games and still not disappointed)"
,Recommended,251150,32751627,Posted: 24 June,all,Varaxis,"The main character is girl who is nosy, rash, overly confident, and airheaded. Getting an idea from the title of the game, I wonder if this girl is supposed to be a hero. Her quirky tomboy personality leads to regular teasing from not only her cool mysterious adopted brother, but from almost everyone she runs into, leading to some amusing reactions. She does have some good traits though, ones that seem somewhat fitting for a hero...This dialog heavy game plays slightly more like a novel, than a typical RPG. The battle system isn't really noteworthy for a turned based strategy game, but the least I can say is that you can't expect to trivialize challenges through typical XP grinding. The NPCs all have multiple lines of text, which change seemingly as if they were aware of the news of what you've been doing in the city near them and how it impacts their lives. If you choose to do all the side-jobs, be prepared to spend dozens of hours on this game, perhaps even over 100. There's plenty of comic relief loaded into the game, that I've found worth the time and effort of going around town in order to talk to all the NPCs.With those expectations in mind, I can recommend this to anyone who wants to see for themselves how this poor girl gets teased the entire game, as she follows her dream to be a ""bracer"" (essentially an armed handyman) that surpasses her father, which requires her to travel through her entire country to gain recommendations from each big city's guild branch, getting caught up in something big, and *maybe* coming out it being recognized as a legendary hero... (don't want to spoil it)Personally, I casually played through it actually wanting to read through all the dialog, to become immersed in the story and actually feel like I was role playing as my lead character. I found that there are more *characters*, in every sense of the word, in this game than there are ""plain"" or reserved people. I love all the ones with cheeky attitudes, like Claire in Rolent. Gives a good idea of how a world would be in which people simply spoke their minds, without things turning into an ethics debate where people are sensitive to such judgement, like what goes on these days in RL."
,Recommended,251150,33271784,Posted: 5 July,all,Riou,"At first I'm kind of bored because the story start of fairly slow, but think start to get really interesting as more near the end of the game. Really like this game"
76561198072744321,Recommended,251150,30871331,Posted: 1 April,all,Artrain,"My first JRPG, and boy, what an experience. This single game has prompted me to not only buy the sequel, but also add tons of other JRPGs on my wishlist.If you're considering getting this, but not sure, here's what you will get with this game: Great story, memorable characters, excellent writing and dialogues, entertaining gameplay, nice music and many hours of your weekend lost in this un-put-downable game."
76561198081444617,Recommended,251150,26085395,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Phraq,This game is one of the longest and most fun RPGs I have played in resent years.PROS:+Story+Characters+Battle System+LengthCONS:-Configuration is limited-Opening and Closing AMVs lag (Maybe just for me)All in all a robust game 8.5/10
,Recommended,251150,34028845,Posted: 4 August,all,XzarDragon,"You play as a Sister and her adoptive brother who develop a somewhat forced incestous relationship, and a brother with a unwilling tendency to crossdress.10/10"
76561198221091508,Recommended,251150,28117897,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DreamOverThere,"It is a good RPG game when i playing in 2016.is a cute style RPG ,and low SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS.long time no have a good RPG in PC ,Feeling excited hopeful other pc RPG will coming soon......."
76561198032081427,Recommended,251150,18749196,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,jrthought42,"It was an entertaining game!Some of the dialogue caused eye-rolling, but that is to be expected to some extent."
,Recommended,251150,32174103,Posted: 4 June,all,Simiche™,"Very pleased with the story, characters, and even the graphics as i love the old fashioned JRPG look it presents and for the price (got it even cheaper in a sale) i'm satisfied as you really do get a brilliantly valued game for your money.I have only just finished the prologue and i'm very excited to see what comes next in the upcoming chapters as even the prologue was exciting and entertaining.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys RPG or JRPG"
,Recommended,251150,34348554,Posted: 19 August,all,Roy,"The game was okay in my opinion. Had my hopes a bit high up, because of how positively it was featured here. It felt like a typical JRPG to me, though the combat was interesting.Graphics: 7/10 (Though they honestly don't matter in this genre tbh)Music: 8/10 (The OST is good, but in the end game a lot of it is re-used)Gameplay: 7/10 (Typical for the genre, so nothing to say here)Story: 8/10 (The story was good, just a little bit too obvious for my tastes)Overall the game is worth playing. The only tedious thing about it is that you can miss certain items for 100% completion if you progress too fast."
,Recommended,251150,26910379,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mankanshoku,"One of the best RPGs out there. Seriously, if you don't mind the graphics you're in for awesome story and a lot of plot-twist, a well build world and NPCs and lovable protagonists."
,Recommended,251150,26544505,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,thomcmallon,I just wish they would translate and relase the rest of the other story arcs.
,Recommended,251150,13350692,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Kudanila,"very nostalgic, good story, amazing soundstrack.you will not regret it."
,Recommended,251150,22714840,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Jarazz,"Pretty awesome game, i played legend of heroes for the psp and thought it was awesome. It's pretty fun to be honest, i was stupid and picked the hardest mode to start off but it gives a real challenge. None the less, a good game is a good game and i loved it"
,Recommended,251150,22739574,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Lord of the Wings,Played it on PSP when I was younger... Playing it again on PC just brings back so much memories :')
76561198066282507,Recommended,251150,12600864,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,FreedomField,"The most important part of a game for me is the story and character build-up. I have only 4 hours of game time in this and so far I have laughed, shouted, cried and shook! All boxes ticked for me! :D"
,Recommended,251150,12610028,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,sobe,Excellent rpg tactics game with a short learning curve and a fun story with light air
,Recommended,251150,14902189,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Skaldir,"From the beginning to the very end, Trails in the Sky FC ( First Chapter ) is a mix of really warmful feelings with a tiny bit of darker elements.The main story itself is simple and has been seen quite a lot already.However, it is the entire cast of characters who make it such an enjoyment to fulfill the role of a couple of young bracers in the Kingdom of Liberl.Estelle and Joshua, the two main characters, works very well together. And that complicity,until the very end of FC, with each chapter introducing new characters to team up with, each playing an important part in the whole story, will bring you a great deal of good emotions !  But that's not all, FC standing for First Chapter, there is of course a second chapter coming, and it seems FC is just a prelude to emotionally prepare the player for the last minutes of the game and what is to come in SC. You'll have to play the game to understand.While FC truly shine thanks to its characters and their story, it is still a rpg, meaning a combat system. It is classic but quite good, thought some combats are a bit long and leveling is needed from time to time. The item and magic system ifsa bit unusual and feel underused. It is still rather simple an easy to use, but be aware of you spending, because you can quickly run out of money if you don't farm a bit.Add to all that the technical part, lovely visuals, graphims, cute chara design, and a great soundtrack. Yes it is now one of my favorite rpg.So in a few months hopefully; the second chapter of Trail in the Sky should be released, which is supposed to complete the main story. Feeling heartbroken by the end of FC, considering its ending, such a cliffhanger and all that has been left unexplored. So hopefully again. the wait shouldn't be too long before going back adventuring with my favorite bracers and their friends."
76561198006804460,Recommended,251150,13624767,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dr Skeletor,"Wow, what a game."
,Recommended,251150,11489053,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,nonamen,"This is a great jrpg with a huge map npc with dialogue that changes every certain points, empty chest jokes, all npc has different names, plot with good progression, oh and you can fish if i remember correctly there's a spot where i spent hours cause it's the only time in the story where you can fish, there's also lots of choices and secrets that encourage replay, i played the original jp pc release, the psp jp/en, and now this and still waiting for the later parts to be localized.Been waiting for this for a long time, thanks xseed (finally winter 2013 and summer 2014 is over, wonder when early 2017 will end). Looking forward to the third chapter and if possible the rest of the series."
76561198006320739,Recommended,251150,11509213,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,[Wicked-Flapjack]Celd@r,a fantastic RPG any fan of the grenre should check out.
76561198056700269,Recommended,251150,11484024,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,fomey,"This game is worth it! The story is engaging and you fall in love with the characters right from the start.I bought this game in support to Xseed, being a huge fan from previous titles such as Rune Factory 4 etc.It has a wonderful world with great main characters."
,Recommended,251150,11788855,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Zoey,Just wow.After playing YS and such thought this would be good Boy was i way off it aint good it's ♥♥♥♥ing great 30+ hours of story without sidequests/Exploring/Grinding is a good time + it has new game+ Well i think i'v said enough also you have a uncle I don't know his name... He dies..
,Recommended,251150,11472227,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,sinchobe,"I've played this game several times through on the PSP and its definitely in my top 10 favorite games. If you like JRPGs, this is definitely a gem. The game doesn't do a whole lot of things new, but it does everything well. Honestly the localization and the dialogue itself really makes this game stand out from other games that are similar. When this game has made me a Falcom fan (along with Ys of course!) and solidified my stance as a die-hard X-Seed fan."
,Recommended,251150,11472932,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,EpochAWOL,"This was one of the best JRPGs on the PSP.The localization is incredibly witty and the story does a great job of stringing you along with a nice organic plot that isn't some ""you're the hero"" cliche.  The game does use plenty of tropes, but the writing keeps them feeling fresh all the way through.It has turn-based combat, with a bit of positioning involvement.  And the CP system is a pretty neat way of making you choose whether to save your points for massive attacks or use them on smaller special attacks, when the big attacks would just be overkill.  Also, every character has a decent amount of customization of their spells and whatnot through the orb system.The PC version so far has some pretty glaring bugs, but looking at the Hub page, the developers seem to be updating to fix them as quickly as possible.This game, also, is merely the first part of an overarching story, and ends on a bit of a cliffhanger.  I'm rebuying this game here, mostly so that I can help fund the localization of the second game, coming sometime next year.  There is apparently some added content also, but I haven't read too much about it yet.  And yes, I plowed through the game, and it did take a good 40+ hours.  I don't think I did everything, but I did as much side content as I noticed.  With the new achievements, that time could get stretched much further if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,251150,11468595,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Artemis-kun,"JRPG excellence, what more is there to say? If you don't enjoy this, then JRPGs are not your thing."
,Recommended,251150,11670999,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, I love this JRPG! The story is alright, the combat is good and the leveling system works great. It's not heavy on grinding... albeit there's enemies every 15 feet but the game keeps a steady pace on leveling so the effect of trying to grind for lots of extra exp starts to trail off if the game figures you're a good enough level to get through your current section. It's quite traditional in the way the turn-based combat works, but simplifies it for basic attacks which helps with pushing through some of the weaker enemies you'll fight.The music is very well done, the 3d backgrounds with 2d character sprites is a neat combination that works very well! The sound effects are alright and there isn't voice acting unless you count the few words used when casting spells or using craft attacks.Craft Points are is the limit-break system employed in this game. You gain CP by getting hit and dealing damage. After 100 CP you can activate your limit-break at any time, or you can use CP for boosts or attacks via the ""Craft"" menu during combat which uses varying amounts of CP... it's really handy when you're trying to reserve your EP (mana) for battles or for healing.The only big downside to this game that hopefully a patch fixes? Confusing camp menu... it highlights menus you were previously in, so it's buggy and if you leave the camp menu and return to it? It shows all the last menus you were in... kind of annoying... but it's a major bug that doesn't break the game at least.Anyways? If you're looking for a classic turn-based strategy RPG? The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is a great game to add the collection. I'm happy they ported this one from the PSP... I'd love to see more ports from consoles to PC... Lost Odyssey, Tales of Vesperia and Star Ocean come to mind. (PLEASE!!!!)"
,Recommended,251150,11583783,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,The Pizza Man,"dis game is my sh!t nigas, saved my♥♥♥♥♥when I was on vacation and had nothin to do buy play my pee ess pee. made by the same mothefukas that made YS so you know it's gotta be freshcool combat system that's like a SRPG but also unique in its own way, a multitude of characters with their own skills an sh!t, an the orbment sh!t that adds some variety in what spells you can use an sh!t.the story is alright, it's a JRPG NIGA WHAT'D YOU EXPECT SOME SHAKESPEARE SH!T?? HELL NAW seriously though it's alright got some cool moments and characters n sh!tthe music is GDLK srsly sommada tracks on here are REAL I'd buy this soundtrack seperately if it was availableall in all buy this sh!t so that they bring the sequel on steam too cus I WANNA PLAY DAT (never released before in NA ♥♥♥♥♥♥s)"
,Recommended,251150,11470486,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Big McLargeHuge,"A truly amazing RPG that is the beginning of a phenominal series. An absolute must play because of its characters, combat, story and phenominal world building."
,Recommended,251150,11470339,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,AnthranDawn,"A MUST have for fans of JRPGs, or RPGs in general. This game is the begining of the ""Trails"" series (or Kiseki in Japan), and having played each game up to date, I can say that this serves as the first step in one of the greatest stories I have ever seen in any medium.The story is the meat and potatoes of the game, but it also has an excellent battle system that will keep players engaged, and forcing them to come up with strategies on the fly.There is plenty to do and plenty to explore, with NPC dialog constatnly changing as the story moves forward. Going back to talk to NPCs is well worth your time.Music is top notch, as always when done by the Falcom Sound Team JDK.Be warned though, the game starts slow. If you can get by the start, you are in for one hell of a ride.Again, this is the first part of a fantastic series, take the dive into Trails in The Sky, and you will be happy you did."
,Recommended,251150,13765445,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,"I like the orbment system, how it really clearly tells you what's up in the in-game book, and the characters and dialogue are really charming and fun."
,Recommended,251150,11972143,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Len,-Likable characters-Good Story-Amazing music-Lots of content-Decent combat systemBuy it it's fun. Now we can all wait for the sequel to get translated.
,Recommended,251150,11674808,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Alether,"a jrpg that isnt boring10/10 best ost,story"
,Recommended,251150,34395900,Posted: 21 August,all,AtoOss,One of the best rpgs i ever played. I recommend this game for everyone who likes rpgs.
,Recommended,251150,16531002,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Joji #RICEGUMISABITCH,"Great game, buy it"
,Recommended,251150,23531495,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,allvah,Don't wait. Just get the game. Both of them.
76561198039510272,Recommended,251150,34665652,Posted: 1 September,all,TrueHero,"Trails in the sky is an rpg I didn't expect to love as much as I did. Its graphics are outdated and you can even say that the combat is archaic (although I enjoyed it still) but the characters and story hold up to today's standards and in some cases surpases them, and the world building alone puts triple A studios like bethesda to shame. Nihon falcom made themselves a true classic JRPG that everyone should give a chance (along with the Ys games for action rpg fans) and XSEED did a great job of localizing the game for overseas audiences. Just FYI though, this game is called first chapter for a reason and ends on a pretty big cliffhanger, do yourself a favor and pick up the second game before you finish the first if you like it.ALSO, Xseed did a great thing recently and added a turbo function even though they didn't have to, so if you have problems with getting through some rpgs due to the slow burn, I'd definitely recommend picking this up or trying it again."
76561198026892903,Recommended,251150,31860652,Posted: 20 May,all,Bijat,"Well balanced between story and fighting.Altho at some points theres not alot of fighting if you dont go and seek it our yourself.Theres ALOT of reading, evry story event is in text.I have dyslexia so it took me longer to read it all, but i skipped talking to alot of extra npcs and followed a guide to trim down the time to look for stuff and played on normal so i rarely had to redo a fight.I only farmed maby all together 1-2h and i did the hardest achivments on normal and you do need to play properly to make those.I also did all the extra quests, gotta say alot of them was kinda unintersting but some was fun and some added abit of lore but they added alot of running around.If you only rush main quest you will prob need to farm at some points or have a really grand strategy.Theres way to little time septim so only use it if you feel it will uppgrade your chars more, in the end i coud have used maby something like 5-6k to maximize evrything while i had enuff of the other septim without rly farming to maximize all quarts.Well made game, lots of fun!"
,Recommended,251150,33251955,Posted: 4 July,all,Lilum,"I'm not finished the game yet (28 hours in at the time of this writing), but I already know this is gonna be one of my favourite video game series."
,Recommended,251150,22860903,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,JC,Olivier is the role model everyone should look up to!
,Recommended,251150,11474365,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Detective Dojima,"The best game on the PSP and the best JRPG of the last decade finally makes it's way officially to PC in English, instantly making it one of the best games on Steam.Trails in the Sky is a throwback to the PS1 era of JRPG's that cuts out the clutter, pacing problems, imbalance, inconsistent writing/localization, shallow mechanics, and generalbs that age them so poorly. It is the first of a trilogy of JRPG's that have exceptional level of detail in its world building, yet tells a gripping, perfectly paced story. The massive undertaking of localizing this game into English was only accomplished through the blood, sweat, and tears shed by the XSEED staff. The localization is not just competent, it is one of the finest this medium has seen.But a perfect localization of a fantastic story in an RPG would ring hallow if the game was not worth the 50 hour investment. Thankfully, Trails has a brilliant battle system that both accomplishes simplicity and accessibility in its design and has a satisfying depth of customization and strategy. It features a swath of compelling and rewarding side quests, a fantastic soundtrack that lives up to the expectations of a Nihon Falcom title, a diverse and memorable cast of characters, and a fantastic story that follows Estelle and Joshua's journey across the kingdom of Liberl.Trails in the Sky is not just a great Japanese RPG, it's everything you could ever want out of a Japanese RPG."
,Recommended,251150,11527518,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Ryan Capakowski,This is a fantastic game. Please buy it to ensure I can play the 2nd and 3rd. I beg of you.
,Recommended,251150,11518468,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,YK,"Slow start, but picks up during chapter 2. Great ending and is remniscent of Grandia's gameplay. I found myself skipping battles more to get to the story more though. Hopefully the third game gets translated after the second comes this winter."
76561198067902798,Recommended,251150,11518230,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Zanven,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME! Like Sharknado, Enough said. But for those of you who need more convincing, think Final Fantasy Tactics meets Suikoden II. This game is basically the Avatar of video games, except it wasn't kept in theaters for a year just because its director has too much money to throw around, and games benefit from learning from other games. Anyway, my prejudice aside, The game is solid, intuitive, and mind blowing.The game isn't without flaws though, I strongly recommend using a controller and changing the controls. The games DID NOT port well. Also I have noticed some problems with changing resolution and making the game windowed. The game tends to crash when opening menus with these changes, Some of these problems might be fixed with patches but overall, once you get the game set up for you, it is AMAZEBALLS. In  my humble opinion this game rivals the giants of the JRPG industry, FF7, FF Tactics, Suikoden II, to name a few. BUY IT BUY IT NOW."
,Recommended,251150,12795762,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Bank #1 BiteLoops in NZ,"Absolutely legit. Very handsome very swag.Seriously, this is a strong, heartwarming anime RPG.Has it all: decent story, treasure chest jokes, music, frames per second, good load times.The bad: that world map resolution quality, bad qual icons being blown up but still nice, 10-20% of textures will annoy. Some structure repetitiveness. It's an old game that has gotten nice HD treatment.What is strongest: The writing and dialogue! There's no non-battle voices so you're forced to read a lot. You play to read and learn. All the writing is so rich and fits the tone immensely.What is weakest: THE DIALOGUE. It goes on forever in such a way that you wish there was an auto advance (a well timed one) and that you could just sit back, eat and read for 20 mins. When's the action?"
,Recommended,251150,14162582,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,razgriz017,"not your typical you're the chosen one, you will save the world JRPG story, nope. the main story about this first chapter of the trilogy is about two youngster setting out to be a senior bracer (its like a hired professional to do odd jobs and things) and somehow they stumbled into a big conspiracy on their way. moving on, character development is great, pacing of the story is also good though sometimes it can be a bit slow.the very good thing about this game is the NPC line, its very different from all of JRPG i've ever played, most of the time every NPC will say the same thing over and over again no matter how many times you visit them, but this game has unique line for every NPC, after you finish a quest, their dialogue will be different and from what i've read, is what causing trouble for localizing this game from JP to EN, but hell, it works really nicethe plot for this game is well made, and ends on a cliffhanger, i really cant wait for the second chapter to be released, its supposed to be released this year, i highly recommend this for the story and the gameplay for those who loved old school rpg"
,Recommended,251150,14177083,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Ellen,really good stories!!
,Recommended,251150,16610154,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Chizad,The Cows have a good Moo.
,Recommended,251150,27035990,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Satin,Hey look a JRPG that actually has character development.
,Recommended,251150,11468436,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"My world is lonely when you are not with me.I Miss You.This is how I feel about this game, and i'm not even gay!I swear. Ask my sister.Anyway, this game could be seen as a blonde woman - not a brunette."
76561198036589344,Recommended,251150,11513030,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Dragoon_Edwin,"After playing it on the PSP briefly I decided to get it.... I don't know if it's just me and my settings but it is not 16:9 aspect and it kind of sucks playing it on my TV, still the game is awesome. Packed with content. Hours and hours of gameplay. And to have this game wherever I take my laptop its pretty fun. I was missing a good old turned based strategy RPG and this one made it for me. Recommended if you like JRPGs"
76561198048679318,Recommended,251150,11471524,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Riftchaser,Just brought this because it looks good and the reviews are great Only watched the starting stuff so im off to make a coffe check my horses and sit here for hours tearing my hair out as i try and complete itSat here for hours last nite was so engrossed was late for work but well worth it Im now going to try to go to bed before i want to play again
76561198071432726,Recommended,251150,11474159,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,bardolious,"After I played this game on the PSP, it instantly became my favorite RPG. Fun story, battles and a lot of hours of gameplay. Can't wait for the second chapter later this year. Well worth the money. It's nice to be able to play it on my TV finally."
76561197989777519,Recommended,251150,11529878,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Mituki,"If you're a fan of turn based RPG's like Final Fantasy Tactics, get this."
,Recommended,251150,11470374,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Phorealz,JRPG IS ALIVE!!!! MORE OF THE LEGEND OF HEROES PLEASE!!
,Recommended,251150,11480348,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Disposable Ninja,"Obviously won't be everybody's cup of tea. But if you have fond memories of playing games like Grandia, or Suikoden, or most any other Playstation-generation JRPG for hours on end, devoting entire weekends to them, and if you've been dying to play a game like those again, then I can pretty safely say that this is probably your kind of game to play. It might not stack up by itself so far (as I write this review, I'm only ten hours in and only just beat the prologue), but it's definitely doing its job and bringing back those fuzzy warm memories."
,Recommended,251150,11518886,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TripleExit,I'll finish this game one day...
76561197971194415,Recommended,251150,11510435,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Gsquare,"Gets a little 'wordy' between battles but a fun romp, nonetheless.  Updates (patches), as of this review, are currently coming in daily and the game now runs solid on my system at 2560x1440.  Story is good but unfolds slowly due to the enormous amounts of text; but many people enjoy that type of thing.  Combat is turn-based and fun with a twist on the norm for this genre.  Highly recommended for all fans of JRPG games."
76561198007596099,Recommended,251150,11533595,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,白鐘 直斗,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, is an amazing JRPG. It has all the necessary elements to make a JRPG; no, an RPG, awesome. You see, these days developers cling on to the notion that having amazing graphics is good enough to save them from being labeled as mediocres but we have all seen that it is not. You need a balanced mix between visuals, plot and a good gameplay to make a good game and this game excels in all three.Graphics:While it certainly isn't large at this aspect, this game never pretended to sell this aspect of the game. However, even though there's nothing much to say about its visuals, the few things I can say about it are all positive. Compared to other games that have this kind of interface this is actually topnotch. The characters are drawn well and you can really see their emotions in the frames everytime they speak. Character animations, while pixelized, are simple enough to be understood but complex enough to leave some wonder.Characters:This, I believe is the game's strong point. The team that handled this have outdone themselves. Each character in the game have their own personalities. Because of such, all the characters are memorable and everything that happens in the game have more weight. Even characters that you don't spend much time with feel alive. The main characters in the game were superb. If you're attentive enough, if you don't just rapidly press the mouse to get conversations over with, it's easy to sympathize with them as they develop. One can trully see how their characters mature into the legends they were born to be. This is true not only for the two heroes we always use but for the companions they meet and fought with.Plot:The story, while not unheard of, feels original because of how the team handled it. There's a certain level of mystery in the story that keeps it fresh. While some events were preditable, the team handled it in a way that keeps players thinking, keeps players in doubt and best of all; keeps players immersed. While I am mad that I have to wait for the sequels, I am sure the long wait will only make acquiring it later on sweeter.Gameplay:Not the game's strong point but it holds up perfectly. At first the fighting mechanics in this game seem so simple. However, after playing for a bit one woud notice its true depth. Sure in the first encounters simply mashing the attack command may work but not too long into the game you'd notice that this is a good way to get killed. Players will need to have a good balance of healing, offensive spells, defensive spells and utility spells to get through and they can do this through the orbnaments, which I want to discuss a bit. The orbnaments are amazing. Different combinations of orbs make for different spells, kinda like the invoker in dota 2.... I only wish I had more slots to put more orbs in but even with that restriction I still had fun tinkering with different combinations.Soundtrack:The songs and tunes in this game are top notch. They're the kind of songs you'd want to listen to with an earphone while relaxing in your private yacht... or in your bed. Each place has their own theme song which really compliments the background. Fighting too has its own theme and depending on your party's status, it changes to make everything more dramatic.Overall I believe this is a great game. I'll be too kind to it if I gave it a perfect score but I can give it a 9/10. That minus one is for the fact that you are not allowed to skip any of the cut scenes so if you forgot to save and it closed due to a system bug you're screwed. But other than that, this game is perfect for its price and I am sure to buy the sequels."
76561198044486355,Recommended,251150,14630621,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Loto,Pretty enjoyable. The only flaw in my opionon is not being able to move and then attack afterwards as you wish for better positioning. 9/10 would play again!
,Recommended,251150,11593122,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,MAKONHEIRO FANTASMA,This game is incredible. Really worth the time and money you will invest into it.Especially because this game have both great story AND gameplay.edit: ♥♥♥♥ you who disliked
76561198115454950,Recommended,251150,13809054,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DarKnighT,"If you are looking for a classic RPG this is a good one. The battle system is turn based and has an interesting take on magic attacks (arts) in the form of the orbment system. The game discourages grinding as the experience gain drops exponentially as you reach a certain level. This makes you focus on the story and the quests involved. The story is great, though it  would appear cliched if you have played various RPGs already. But worry not, with its colorful and quirky cast all the reading will not bore you out.I hope the second chapter comes out soon."
76561198025999633,Recommended,251150,13658842,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,I PROMOTE SYNERGY,"I used to dislike JRPG's due mostly to my dislike of turn based combat with little depth. I can honestly say that I bought this game on a whim and expected to have wasted my money on a game i would play for an hour or two before forgetting about it and moving on. Imagine my suprise when upon booting it up for the first time I was unable to stop playing. The wonderful music quickly drew me in and the amazing story telling kept me engrossed. I looked at my time played after feeling as though i should probably take a break after having played for 2 or 3 hours and realized that I had been playing for 8 hours. No other game I have ever played has ever made me lose track of so much time. This game became what I have looked for years in a game, a great story with mechanics that keep it fun. The combat while not incredibly inovative has enough complexity to make it not grow dull or boring at any point in the game. Perhaps the best mechanic of the game is the lack of a hard and set class. Sure there are characters that are better at some things than others, but I was able to switch the two main characters fighting styles more times than i can count merely depending on which character had a better weapon at the time. Attempting to make my characters as strong as possible through random combinations of orbs you get in the game was almost a mini game in itself. Coming from a gamer who has consistently disliked JRPG's I can honestly say this was one of the best games I have ever played."
76561198079548154,Recommended,251150,13843490,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,pjsin88,"Excellent game.  Nice solid turn based combat and superb storytelling.  Its starts out slow, but it is really worth it.  If you are looking for a great jrpg to play, please pick this up.  You will not be disappointed.  9/10."
,Recommended,251150,18313902,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,kapeL,"One of the best JRPGs I have ever played, just a wonderfull story, great battle system, awesome sound track. It has good deph and you won't get bored during second and even third play, once you finish the game for the first time. Battle system  is turn based and you can combine various strategies to defeat the enemies using orbal arts combos set ups, accordingly to the diferent caracters. This is not only a game to get on sale, it earns his full price. Remember also that this is just the first part of a trilogy so you are getting just the boarding ticket to a wonderfull adventure! :) :D ;)"
76561197991763846,Recommended,251150,16492956,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Camel Jam Lion,Love this game. Combat doesn't do anything super special but the story kept me going right to the end.
,Recommended,251150,14167517,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,rajtsu,e p i c
76561198093571855,Recommended,251150,14944443,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,MengHao,this game is so goodthe best story ever
76561198045453791,Recommended,251150,14474832,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,zz360NOSCOPENOSWAGzz,"Solid game, WTB sequel. If you dig JRPGs, this one is worth checking out.Pros:* Lively world filled with colourful characters* Good tunes* Battles that can be more interesting than ""hold A to win"" (but only at the end of the game, or if you avoid fighting to keep your level low)* Most fights can be avoided (bump into enemies to engage)* Plenty of stuff to check out besides the main storyline* Saving anywhere is always nice.Cons:* The story doesn't pick up for a quite a while. The game is split into chapters, and while each one encompasses a solid plot point, things don't start to pick up until well into Chapter 3. After playing through it all though, I'm ready for part 2.* Battles are too easy for the most part if you're doing quests and fighting stuff regularly. It wasn't until the very end that I actually had to put a bit of thought into what I wanted to do. Otherwise, doing the ""Attack"" or ""cast spell such that it hits everything"" was sufficient to win most fights in a few turns.* Some of the battling effects/animations take too long. A fight that would require a couple actions from your party might take a minute to end. Being able to speed that up and move on would be nice.Once I got to the final chapter, I pretty much avoided all of the field encounters completely because they seemed kind of dull/unrewarding, and I didn't want to grind. That largely worked around the last two ""cons"" listed, and the battles that I did end up fighting (bosses and ""hey, you opened a chest, so here are some monsters"") were pretty satisfying."
76561198068208609,Recommended,251150,24397508,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,zouk,"Awesome rpg with fantastic story and memorable characters. Dialog feels natural and is genuinely funny, intriguing, sad and  just fun to read. Enjoyed it so much I bought the sequel, too. Had to know how the story continues, which can be seen as somehwat of a downside since the first game ends with an crazy cliffhangar."
,Recommended,251150,11607787,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,wini,"I've been waiting for the English version of this game for almost a decade! As soon as I saw it on sale, I insta-bought it! Honestly, this game does NOT disappoint. The story is full of surprises and always keeps you guessing, the characters are all unique and full of humor, the combat and playstyle of the game are both stellar. And the music is just beautiful every step of the way! I'm absolutely in love with the game and with all the characters! I would recommend this game to all my friends as it is inspirational, adventurous and full of plot twists that would leave you in absolute shock. I JUST NEED THE SEQUEL NOW!! And I hope it comes out soon! I hope I won't have to wait too long! 10/10"
76561198027954569,Recommended,251150,11632051,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,abyssblades,"I have to say, as an advid JRPG enthusiast this game has hit me to my core. I have only played a few hours of it but i have been filled with nostalgia. Since its release on steam i have seen constant small patches to fix ""glitches"" and ""bugs"" and thats really impressive for me as far as support goes.All in all this game is totally worth a buy!"
,Recommended,251150,11632766,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ODonnell,"I recently finished this game, which lasted around 30 hours.  I absolutely loved this game.This two largest stregnths of this game are its character developement and combat.  The encounters are similiar to paper mario, where you can see enemies and dodge them.  You can flee with 100% success so you never have to get bogged down and mash attack until fights are over as you explore.  This game was good enough that I immediately looked up the release date for the second chapter.   I played using an xbox 360 controller which worked flawlessly (though camera was back and start button which took a while to figure out).  Enjoy this awesome game"
76561198067681559,Recommended,251150,11646634,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,stldrunk,Once of the best JRPG I have ever played. I would definitely recommend this game.
76561198080427378,Recommended,251150,11668550,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,drprofessortran,"Okay now i know you're wondering whether or not this game is worth the money and ill be completely honest with you. It is worth every single penny. This game is about 30-40 hours long with alot to offer for its price. Not in extra features or bonus boss fights but in story, yes story. It'll be safe to assume that the plot is modeled off the basic archetype/blueprint of adventure type animes targeted towards a teenage-mature crowd. So the plot is good being based off that blueprint but what makes it great is the characters, they are easy to connect with and understand as well as very colorful and make the story feel more alive. In short terms the story is superb on my scale. That being said the RPG elements in this game have some parts that feel old, but refrubished instead of raw usage if you understand. Certain ideas are old mechanics that are refubished to give combat that old yet quality feel that a good JRPG can give you. To make it simple it feels natural and adds a suitable challenge to players of all difficulty ranges. The difficulty isnt brutal at all its more trial and error at certain points.OVERALL SCORE: 9.8/10"
76561198044712346,Recommended,251150,11718978,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Sir Reginald Von Bartlesby,"Great story, Great soundtrack, Great gameplay, Great game'you can take my contents, but you'll nver take MY FREEEEDOOOOOM!'-Chest in Chapter 2"
,Recommended,251150,11579575,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Teacher,"This JRPG has a well crafted story, great characters and solid gameplay and combat mechanics and will keep you occupied for a very long time. I highly recommend this game to all JRPG fans."
,Recommended,251150,11609386,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,GiggityMan,"An awesome character-driven JRPG. The first five hours, give or take, are very slow in development, but once the plot picks up, the game excells in spiriting you away on a wild journey through its world. Be prepared to read A LOT, but those who appreciate a wonderful story with deep enigmatic characters will love this game. The second chapter in this trilogy can't arrive soon enough! 9/10!"
,Recommended,251150,11616809,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Dest,"Story was interesting through and through even if I did have some problems with a few things. Especially the development of a couple of characters, it felt like it would have been great and refreshing for the genre if some things stayed a certain way, but in the end the common JRPG trope won out. Nevertheless it was still an enjoyable journey and good gameplay complimented it fairly well.Music is good, though I wish they could have added a few more unique tracks for some of the different areas.Only crashed once unexpectedly, never really had a problem after that.Looking forward to SC and hopefully the last chapter will also be localized one day."
,Recommended,251150,11904836,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Overcooked Pineapple,"Very enjoyable game for what it's worth, especially if you like JRPGs. It has some interesting mechanics like the tatics system ( You can move characters to different position when in battle) and rune/upgrade tree (Not really a tree per se, as everyone has access to the same runes from your inventory and can combine them in order to have access to various spells and abilites). The plot and character build up is pretty good, with out spoiling any thing, I'll leave it at that. There are quite a few side missions and secret quests to keep you busy, if you don't feel like doing the main missions (Should note that some side quests and secret  quests are time sensitive and you can not do them once you go to a new region). There are 5 chapters or episodes depending what you call them. And each episode or chapter takes place in 1 of the 5 regions. Which is why once you leave you can't go back and do anything you missed. The world is average sized (Few town cities, multiple dungeons, muitiple roads in to and between) and places you can expolre are pretty decent sizes.Some things I didn't like. You can't select party members, you just stuck with who ever you have. Party members come and go, only two members are really constant. It's the way the story is set up but it's still a bit disappointing. Another thing was the game is a tad bit short compared to most JRPGs standards (Maybe 10-30 hours worth), even shorter if you go through mutiple play throughs.All in all, I'd recommend this game to any one looking to play a decent JRPG. I bought when it first came out but I'd say it's one of those games you'd buy on sale. Other then that, other things to note is that there is a sequel. Don't know if it will come on to Steam any time soon but somethign to keep in mind, especially if you enjoyed the game."
76561197996955509,Recommended,251150,11643871,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,WebCideR,"Everyone that likes a good Monster beating chess strategizing, game with level up and management of Characters should take a deep look into, this one. Also great battle music and great overall characters. you are going to love spending your time in the world. its quite a classy trip.Big applause to XSEED for a Stellar translation. - First entry of 3 games all of them to be available on Steam.You really won't be disappointed."
76561198038409569,Recommended,251150,11803294,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,poporing2,This is a good game. I like the most is the extensive storyline. It feels like those FF series I been playing. The boss fight was pretty decent as well.
,Recommended,251150,11539327,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Sieghardt,"A really detailed and fleshed out world with tons of lore, foreshadowing and concurrent events."
76561198044234097,Recommended,251150,11555268,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Wullf,"This game has been pretty awesome. Fun characters. fun storyline, and some pretty tough battles."
,Recommended,251150,11557421,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,LOLIMETH,That ending
76561198038579363,Recommended,251150,11558333,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Rikiz,"I bought the Game because i really love JRPG's such as Final Fantasy and stuff and liked the old school look.It really surprised me and i think its a real pearl in it's kind.A well made story, characters with character and not just some exchangable guys and much love for the details.Definietly worth the cost!P.S. - sorry for my maybe bad english since its not my first language... :^)"
76561198048019767,Recommended,251150,11562412,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Danny1986,Good JRPG. Can't wait for the 2nd chapter in winter.
76561198025920513,Recommended,251150,11574040,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,HotBasio,great game and very  nice to play
,Recommended,251150,11580666,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Zathium,"This is a one of a kind game that you don't see come out often on the PC, so there will be some likes and dislikes obviously.First off this game does an excellent job with storyline. Although each individual NPC doesn't have a full back-story exactly, they do feel like they are talking about general things that a normal person would bring up in conversation given the chance, and due to this game's highly dialogue based nature, this is an excellent thing. Whether you choose to talk to them or not, this leaves the idea that the civilians aren't just placed there to fill up space and look pretty, and the interactions can be nice. If you don't want to talk to them that's always an option, but the fact that they aren't just there to be there is a bonus.Dialogue as mentioned before plays a heavy role in this game, so if you don't like reading you could skip through all of it... But you will end up missing a ton. Granted the dialogue isn’t boring either. I found myself chuckling at the interactions between the main characters and those they come across because the dialogue isn’t just filler with information before you go on your next mission. It's the development of character and throughout the game, you will definitely see this. Each mission has interactions and if you pay attention or not, you can see the gradual change in thought process of the main characters, giving them plenty of development throughout the story and making you feel more connected to them whereas other games take quests as a ""This is your objective, go to it"" approach. This game does an excellent job of providing the plot with useful amounts of development while still keeping it shrouded in mystery. Yes we do see things the main characters would not be able to see occasionally, but this still gives away nothing as to what is really going on, allowing us to figure things out along with the characters in the story (Though at some points it could be rather hilarious.. Such as later in the game when the main characters are shown a picture, and have about six lines of dialogue before noticing the obvious ship in the background).Next up is the battle system. This had some ups and downs with me, however; the overall flow of it is smooth and solid. The battle system is not overly complex, and some of the oddities in it (such as enemies being pushed back each time they're hit), adds an extra element of strategy, such as you can push an enemy with an attack into an AOE skill about to go off the next turn. I like the idea of special skills not using mana (EP), but instead using a new element called CP. This allows characters to use their ""ultimate"" move, along with other character specific skills that can't be obtained through the use of quartz. This brings me to my next fascination of the game. The skill system, although it can be complex to grasp at first, is very fascinating since the skills you obtain get better as you progress through the story and not simply through standard leveling. Meaning whether you rushed through the story, or stuck around for quite a bit, you will still be on the same level for skills since new cities give you the chance to get new abilities. The bracer notebook goes into better detail of how to set up your characters so that they obtain newer skills, but you will get the hang of it by around the second city you arrive at. The skills allow you to set up your character any way you want, and change it to something completely different to fit the situation at any time (Except in battle of course).Cons of this game. There aren't many and even though there are some, they are barely enough to even put a scratch on how good this game is. The dialogue is very heavy and you can find yourself in a cut scene for anywhere from five to ten minutes (If you actually read through everything), so anyone who is not a fan of reading will be turned away by this, but in the game's defense the dialogue is far from pointless babble, and actually serves to developing the plot and characters.The skill system. Although it is complex at first to grasp and you may have to look up something online to help you understand it (If the bracer notebook doesn't explain it well enough), it provides a skill style that I haven't seen before on the pc, and allows for a more tactical approach to the game other than, ""Is this skill better than this one? If yes only use this skill."" Once you get the grasp of it, it won't be a problem at all.The battle system. As many people are used to with turn based strategy games, the move option is normally used to set up a shot on something or move, then attack. In The Legend of Heroes, this is not the case; everything is a one turn only thing. Meaning that if you want to move, you can only move, and then your turn is up. I was thrown off myself by this style and found it a little annoying at first since I had been so used to being able to move into a certain position before carrying out my attack, rather than just rushing and slashing if you're going to attack. This however is still not a crippling factor that would ruin the battle system. This makes the player make that tough choice on whether it would be better to attack or move, such as if an area of effect skill is being cast on one character, would it be better to move him away to avoid having your other units hit, or would it be better to take the hit in order to get in extra damage? This may turn some players away, but to me it is just another factor that adds to more tactical decision making in the field of battle, and shouldn't be considered an overly negative thing. It is just a new battle factor that I found rather enjoyable after playing for a while.Overall: This is an excellent game. Everything flows together well, you feel like you're actually watching the progression of character as you play throughout the game, and the battle system is new and unique in its own way. Yes there are the small things mentioned above that could turn some people away, but that's more of an individual thing than just ""This isn't a shooter, so FPS guys shouldn't play this game if they don't like turn based strategy."" This game has more than enough play time and effort put into it to make it well worth what you would spend on it.Try it out for yourself and see how you like it! I certainly enjoyed it and I'm not even fully done with the game yet! Though the plot does kick up later in the game (Where I am currently at), so if you stick around to the end, I'm sure you won't be disappointed!-Zathium"
76561197967232206,Recommended,251150,11581846,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,OmniBill[>:@],"Love this game Its like a mix between Grandia and Arc the Lad. Its a bit slow to start but ive struggled to pace myself with this despite trying, It sucks you in! Doooooo iiiiiiit!!"
,Recommended,251150,11695153,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Hibbington,"This game has a fun combat system that isn't too complicated for anyone looking to get into this genre of games, but what really pulls this game is the side characters that fight with you along the way and how sometimes your even able to get attached to those characters. So when they have to go back to their everyday lives as you move to the next location. You feel kind of sad. Currently i'm playing in chapter 3 right now and when i had to let Kloe go, I really didn't want to.Expect a lot of reading, a lot of long cutscenes. If your all about the battle and not about the story than this game isn't for you."
76561198105330369,Recommended,251150,11697927,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,bellygod,"-  bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs  bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs  bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs  bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs bugs bugsi had to jury rig a set up that wouldn't crash/prevent cutscenes/strange colors/black screens/big black boxes appearing over every moving object.+  if you get it working, it's a very good jrpg game, ie, big strange dramatic story line, cute quaint and very developed characters, good combat system, cooking skills, and lots of interactions with npcs.  feels like it will end up being an epic story."
76561198093947983,Recommended,251150,11701955,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Gymninjustu,PLEASE PUT THE OTHER TWO ONE STEAM!!!! I WANT TO OWN THE HOLY TRILIGY!!!!!!
,Recommended,251150,11715844,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Immerse,"This game is perfect if you love character driven JRPGs that you really want to invest your time into. It took me about six hours to complete the prolouge and I loved every minute of it. The characters are deep & likeable, they may get a bit cliche however. And the sense of humor this game has really hits the mark.The combat is simple and fun. You move your characters around and whack the crap out of monsters. The character customisation is interesting also, as you only have a limited amount of slots to give to each character so you must choose which abilities you give to who carefully.It's safe to say that this game is well worth the $20, I can see myself becoming very invested in this game."
76561198031934444,Recommended,251150,11569517,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Zafir,"The story is absolutely amazing, if you need a game with a good plot to keep you in check then go for this. It's starts a bit slow but it then slowly unveils itself to something on a much grander scale than you initially expect. Absolutely beautiful.The gameplay is fun, but nothing too indepth. It's a mix of Final Fantasy 7 and Final Fantasy Tactics.Plus it's a JRPG, we need more of them!"
,Recommended,251150,11666816,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Sean H. Campbell,"This game is old-fashioned but has an incredibly smart menu system to handle its many complexities regarding its ""orbment""/magic system.  A very addictive and challenging quest system keeps the story and side-stories chugging right along.  It has reams of well-written and well-translated, charming dialogue as well as characters and a story that slowly (too slowly for some) become fleshed out.  Nearly ten hours into the game, I'm still in the prologue and still learning the mechanics and strategies and drinking in the lore of the world.  It's also got a score that reminds me of the cheerful earworms from games like ""Lunar: Silver Star Story"" on Sega CD.  This is an instant favorite for JRPG fans (and RPG fans in general, really), and I cannot wait to see what the next (100?) hours hold."
,Recommended,251150,11668849,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ComradePooch,"Im not Really the expert on this title, but as far in as I am currently Im loving this., and im not a Jrpg fan to begin with."
,Recommended,251150,11705629,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SYSS Mouse,"For me, good enough, even though it has some issues with my computer - to be specific, tree textures does not load in town, but not seriously enough to be game-breaking.Steam could have more JRPG."
,Recommended,251150,11715794,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Glaice,"What could I say so far about this game? Good story/plot with depth, nice music, turn based battles, interesting characters and most importantly for on PC, controller support! If you like JRPGs, give this a whirl.Even tho I am like at least 15-20% through the main story, I look forward for the second and third games of this series. Consider me a new fan of The Legend of Heroes series."
76561198054722513,Recommended,251150,11734081,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,MR.Shad0w-Muppet,"This game is like any other JRPG. Great soundtrack, balanced battles, skills, and geat abilities. Don't try to be an achievment person in this game, you'll just waste your life. Instead focus on the amazing and beautiful story."
,Recommended,251150,11547435,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,No.1 The Larch,"Somehow this game makes me nostalgiac without ever having played it before.It's a very well put together JRPG which will remind you of earlier PS1-PS2 titles, specifically Grandia, Chrono Trigger, among others. A  lot of side quests, and great exploration. The story so far is 7/10 for me. It's not overly epic; you're more a private detective mercenary then a world saving hero. Then again, I haven't finished it yet."
,Recommended,251150,11550287,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Miga-San,"LIttle over 6 hours in and I have to say I really love this game. The past years have been empty of such treasures. I know there are alot of reported ""Crashes"" but i have yet to see a single issue. I run at 1080p, as admin and with an xbox 360 controler. The story keeps getting better and better, the combat is fun, and the the magic system is AWESOME. When you use spells not only does it use your EP (called MP in most games) it also uses the crystals you gather. Makes you think twice before you just spam spells over and over.Keep up the great work and I cant wait to play the rest of the series here on steam.Can you say AWESOME ART SYTLE!!!!!"
,Recommended,251150,11550559,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Puru,"Decent RPG.Fun combat system, a bit on the easy side, story was kinda predictable as it went on and filled with several cliché but still some interesting surprise here and there.Interaction with NPCs that seems to change their dialogues as the story goes on was pretty nice, the extra message after opening a chest was a nice touch, characters were enjoyable in general.Looking forward to the sequel that i hope will be more surprising overall."
,Recommended,251150,11556422,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,nbc.hazard,"An old school JSRPG at its best.  The battle system is easy to get into, but has enough depth to keep combat from getting to dull, and I absolutly love the dialogue.  Recomended for a bit of fun nostalgia."
76561198030869574,Recommended,251150,11560167,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Wervdon,"This was a total impulse buy in that I hadn't heard of it before it appeared on the featured items of steam.   I was a bit leery to purchase it with some of the day 1 reviews talking about crashes and instability, but when I checked the community posts I saw people saying it had been patched multiple times in the first couple of days and that most of the problems were fixed.I'm very glad I took the risk.    I've had no issues so far and it's been thoroughly enjoyable.    Playing this game has been like finding a new classic jrpg from the snes era, only with HD graphics.     If you are a fan of jrpgs from the 16-bit era, then you really can't go wrong with this game for the price."
76561198087195093,Recommended,251150,11569627,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Dewgong,buy it.
76561198003981721,Recommended,251150,11569825,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,a wandering bear,"*An excellent JRPG on a platform where you can count the number of games in this genre on one hand.*An engaging story with a lovable, sympathetic protagonist*Excellent dialogue, and a top-notch translation that puts the rest of the industry to shame.*A protagonist with a backstory that makes sense, and an actual personality that's not ""generic JRPG dude"", and on top of that she's *FEMALE*Honestly, even one or two of these would be enough for me to recommend this game, particularly since there are so few really good JRPGs released these days.It's simply a good game all around."
76561197997770523,Recommended,251150,11570520,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Stabage,"Story is entertaining being both serious and casual at the same time. Constantly dealing with undertones and plot twists that make you want to paly more and more. With 40 Hours of Gameplay, this game is a steal at 19.99."
76561198018556957,Recommended,251150,11573487,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Tirotsu,20 hours in and I love it. Feels like the good old jrpgs from the late 90s. Would recommend to anyone
,Recommended,251150,11586445,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Sir Phantom [BIGWEED],A LOT of conversation early on... But so far so good! Looks solid. Great music!
,Recommended,251150,11566661,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,SilvyShadow,"Very fun JRPG. Good story, characters are very interesting. I wish there were more weapons and armor and items, hopefully if they make a 2nd one. Could also make leveling a bit easier. Over all a very well built and fun game."
,Recommended,251150,11568728,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,King Targaryen,"This game is a real gem.If you like games like... final fantasy, the tales series (""of the abyss"" being my personal favorite), mixed in with a little harvest moon graphics and humor, then you will truly appreciate this game. The story is great so far, it has me interested in the outcome of the characters and I want to know more about the world it takes place in.In it's current state it's a little buggy (crashes occasionally), but that hasn't made the game unplayable... plus they are patching it like crazy.The battle system can sometimes seem monotonous, but at higher levels you will have to implement some strategy or you'll be punished.Going to update as I continue to play, but so far it is definitely a worthwhile game... if not for the nostalgia alone."
,Recommended,251150,11574866,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Adunsavior,"Great writing, fluid game mechanics, very detailed world. I give this game 10/10"
76561197972805116,Recommended,251150,11546195,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ghini,"Rich world, great character development, interesting story line."
,Recommended,251150,11685062,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Nicorobin,"If you have enjoyed games like Lunar, Chrono Trigger, Lufia, and FFVI then I think you will enjoy this game.  This JRPG which originally came out on the PC in Japan and later was released on the PSP is very good.   This release is a reworked version of the original PC release which includes the additions from the PSP version (though at the time of writing the monster book is still being implemented).The game itself really excels in the story and the attention to detail in the characters themselves is really what has sucked me in.  If you are a fan of JRPGs and RPGs (especially the old school sprite kind) and enjoy a detailed story then I feel you will enjoy this game.  The game can currently run in high resolutions though it may seem a bit blurry compared to our high definition standards.  Personally, for the best look I run the game in a smaller windowed mode which is easily changable in an easy to use config at launch.  :)"
76561198060393822,Recommended,251150,11693384,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,TheRLA Sage,"I enjoy the battle system, not much for the story but its good."
,Recommended,251150,11695151,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Aegis J Hyena,"I'm normally not that interested in a long-winded story... but this one is different. The battles aren't just ""point, click, hit tihings""; you have to actually think some things out. The soundtrack ain't half bad either. Well worth the cost."
76561197980010878,Recommended,251150,11707843,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Regret and Redemption,"A masterpiece on the JRPG scene - and considering it was developed and released in 2004, it has aged well.A good story never gets old with time.It makes use of all the typical cliches you can expect, but it does it properly - it's not always about ""being original."" it's about execution. Slow paced for a long while, but it builds up nicely and at a even rate.The characters have personailty and depth, and the while abit ""fluffy"" the dialouge is intelligent and mature, but at times can have strong and obvious dark undertones when needed.Gameplay is standard faire for a jrpg, nothing obnoxious but nothing really ""new"".A rpg with personality in spades, def. worth your money."
76561198114732838,Recommended,251150,11709979,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SteveTheGamingAddict,I don't recall how I ended up at this game page... But I don't regret it. After my first play through I was simply blown away by the story. I was kept on the edge of my seat the whole playthrough. Given the age of the game don't expect any amazing graphics though that doesn't take away from the game. I believe I bought this game on sale but would happily pay full price for it. Looking forward to the second chapter!
,Recommended,251150,11715375,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Natural_1,"Trails in the Sky, the first chapter of 3. It's a long journey, but you can cut it short by skipping most side quests, but would you? I don't think you will. It offers so many characters to love and so many little stories to be part of. You begin your little adventure as just rookies, not just the characters but you as well. The time you spend with them you'll see them mature just as you see yourself mature playing the game. It really helps as well that you'll find yourself become more knowledgeable about the battle system, because it can be a pain sometimes. But I personally enjoyed this to the fullest; I've been a Falcom fan for quite some while and I expected high, just not this high. And if you really need the push to play this game, I'll tell you this: Become part of the story and play to the end, you will not be disappointed.The only thing you will hate about this game is that you have to get the Second Chapter, it's so unfortunate that it's not as a whole."
76561197995253071,Recommended,251150,11539712,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,cowpuncher,"Surprisingly enjoyable game. It's a jrpg so not for everyone, but it is very well made with likable characters and humor with a decent combat system(a bit repetative but still decent)."
76561198055221932,Recommended,251150,11555300,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,RoyalPirate,"Very good JRPG, excellent music/story, very deep character progression, I reccomend this game to anyone who loves a good aged JRPG, show your support so those game developers over seas understand that there is an audience for these kind of games!10/10"
76561198006007948,Recommended,251150,11561087,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,telos80,"I'm really enjoying this game - reminds me of some of my old favourites, like Grandia and Breath of Fire 3.  I enjoyed other XSEED and Falcom titles, Ys in particular, so was very happy to see this game come to steam, and wasn't disappointed.  Combat is fun, story is interesting and unpretentious, dialogue doesn't make me cringe the way some jrpgs do lately.  The PC port has a few problems - some of the graphics don't render properly, and controller setup is a bit irritating, but actually the game plays surprisingly well with the mouse.  Frankly, these are just minor issues - really fun game."
,Recommended,251150,11568752,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Mr.Charisma,"For anyone who loved RPGs like Chrono Trigger, Earthbound and Final Fantasy, this game is an easy recommendation. For anyone who might appreciate great storytelling, lovable characters, deep customization, a beautiful world that feels absolutely alive, and a combat system that requires thought and planning, I can easily suggest this game as well.For anyone reading this who is unfamiliar with games similar to Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, you are expected to do a LOT of both reading and exploring. The experience this game provides becomes richer the more effort you put into it."
,Recommended,251150,11584731,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Imaizumi Kagerou,"Quite A Nice Game, Can Run Easily on Pretty Much any Computer or Laptop. Graphics are Good and the Battle style is sort-of unique but a bit similar to Final Fantasy. Great Story and to top it all off Amazing Soundtrack. so all-in-all i Would Recommend this game to people who like adventure and RPG's."
76561198065423639,Recommended,251150,11675980,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,sinn19mm,"This game has everything from an expansive story, to a robust battle system. Prepare to lose yourself in an epic adventure that will literally suck your life away. You will find yourself saying...""One more Bracer quest, and then I will go to bed."" This game begs to be played, and deservedly so. If you only buy one RPG this summer pick up The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky."
76561198094552535,Recommended,251150,11832623,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,helioriska666,been a while since  i played a good rpg and i can say this is one of them has a classic feel and was just freaking amazing cant wait for sequel to be released
76561198044152769,Recommended,251150,11836078,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Cain,"the best RPG on steam until second chapter comes, serious this is a game for true jrpgs/rpgs fans it may start really slow but the pay off is outstanding, no to mention the soundtrack that my have some boring songs(swap the battle theme for the ZANMAI REMIX and it gets amazing) but on later chapters it get fantastic just listen to ,SILVER WILL on youtube, but not just the  soundtrack  but everything gets great, it been a long time since i got this invested on a game. plus its worth buying to support XSEED alone, those guys deserve it."
76561197960521401,Recommended,251150,11839121,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Bigman,This is a catchy little RPG. It has some rough edges but is ultimately a pretty fun game. Can't wait for the second chapter to be out on Steam later this year
,Recommended,251150,11695842,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Strife,"If you like JRPG's of any kind, then you have no reason NOT to play this game. Buy it, play it, love it."
76561198077143252,Recommended,251150,11695929,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,KevinTillman1,"Finally a game for the JRPG fanatics at heart. And also has an awesome tactical battle system like Arc The Lad. If you are a JRPG fan of any kind, buy this game."
76561198011998323,Recommended,251150,11581745,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Titanium Jesus,"This is much like many other RPG's out there from Japan; great characters and personalities along with, so far, a pretty decent and engaging story line that while entirely predictable in many spots doesn't neccesarily leave you rolling your eyes. This game does however, suffer from one of the prime gaming sins: pointless combat. Not in the sense that the combat is there, but in the sense that there is zero challenge to any of the fights. They are so easy in fact, that the only reason it seems that there isn't a win button is to burn time.Granted i have only made it to lvl 15 but this is about 16 hours in; but the possibility is there for it to get better. Other than that gripe i'd say this game is worth the $20... Unless you're one of those people who care overly much for graphics. If you are, you should probably go back to tea-bagging on medal of honor or something."
,Recommended,251150,11596945,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,hangao814,"The Good:This game was incredibly fun.  The characters are well developed and the story line is well thought out with unforeseen plot twists.  I found myself laughing at the game conversations on numerous occassions.  You play as Estelle and Joshua and get different additions to your 4 member party as you journey through many different cities and go through countless quests.  This game is also a great price for the hours of game play, if you do every thing, probably will take around 40+ hours.The Bad:The Bracer Board quests can be repetitive and gives you a huge run-around.  However the in game rewards are worthwhile and saves you the usual tactical RPG grinding time.  At times it's difficult to figure out where to go given the quest clues.  The graphics are a bit subpar but not too terrible.If you are a fan of games such as Final Fantasy, Nino Kuni, Banner Saga, etc... definitely check this one out.  Highly recommended."
76561198064207433,Recommended,251150,11682255,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Dr. Zoidberg,"One of the best RPG's iv'e had my hands get a hold of in a very long time. With a unique story and fun combat system, it really throws together some fo the good points as well as a few fun and not commonly used ways of playing."
,Recommended,251150,11596304,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Whoa you go big guy!,"Game is a great JRPGIt's fun, a recommendation and a half"
,Recommended,251150,11614715,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,[Gent] Killerpanda,"While this game indeed does have more than it's fair share of bugs, you'll find that the gave is very enjoyable. The devs hard work made the game playable and, despite the occasional crashes here and there, the game turns out extremely engaging. A beautiful story paired with well planned gameplay make this game worth buying, and that's to say nothing of the characters that you will come to know and love.As store page mentions, this game does have over 50 hours of content to play through. After playing tons of RPGs over the years I understand how a game can be too grindy and Legend of Heroes finds a good balance to keep the fun up as you train.Overall if you're looking for a high quality JRPG and are willing to be patient with the devs as they patch it up, this game is right down your alley and at the end of the game you can say that your time was well spent."
76561198047846229,Recommended,251150,11561112,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,astraldragon1,"I've played a lot of the standart RPG with this kind of graphic in my travels. The game is played with the mouse is very intuitive and easy to play. The battles are a tactical design with a fast and simple interface. THe magic system reminds me of the FFVII materia, but in this one you collect it from monsters and forge it into stuff you need, stacking different ones in certain ways will increase stats, damage and magical effects. Quest are stright forward with little in the way of meandering around not knowing what to do. Lastly you get item off monsters that can be used to make food for you to eat in and out of battle to keep you fighting fit.Mostly the story is on the long side when you wait for a bit to get the story moving but like all games in this style it more about the story that you play it not what you can do or when can you do it.Almost forgot the scroll wheel on the mouse rotates the map 360 degress so you can see the whole street and not be blind sided by a wall or tree.Game for the person who still want more FF"
,Recommended,251150,11572540,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Yeezus,Awesome game.The inskeepers have character arcs.Freaking Character Arcs!!!!10/10
76561198038608860,Recommended,251150,11590096,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Indhoy,"Best JRPG of 2014! Brilliant story. If you love JRPG, this one a must-have game."
,Recommended,251150,11674000,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Sherv^,"awesome game, cant wait for next chapter!!"
76561198090885488,Recommended,251150,11695765,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,ginderjm,"If you are a fan of JRPG's than this game should definitly be on your play list.  With a well paced story and (mostly) enjoyable characters you really get to experience something special.  The combat is plenty of fun, combining tactics and turn based attacks to take down monsters and mysterious foes.  I am eagerly awaiting the future release of the rest of this series on Steam."
76561197975242427,Recommended,251150,11951851,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Orez,"This game is fantastic. It has a long branching story, memorable characters, and awesome combat. This is how you make a JRPG."
76561198060648872,Recommended,251150,13446714,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DiGiKerot,"Yearning for that age of try-hard PSOne RPGs, before Final Fantasy came in and rendered them all bloaty CGI-fests for a couple of years? You could really do way, way worse than giving Trails in the Sky a look. In many ways it harkens back to the likes of Grandia, going for polygonal maps with 2D character sprites slapped ontop of it, though coming, even in it's original form, on more modern hardware, the fidelity is rather better here. It also throws out the random encounters and goes with having your opponents visible on the map, and sports a neat positional combat system in which player and opponent positioning play a significant part, particularly when you start throwing out Area of Effect magic and skills. There's a pretty decent degree of character customisation as well.The story, well, I guess it's charming. Again, it's pretty throwback - if you are the sort who gets annoyed at modern anime trappings, there's actually probably not too much for you to be worried about here. I mean, the protagonist is a young lady, but manage to avoid a lot of what are generally considered the more negative ""moe"" stereotypes. Honestly, if I had a major complaint about the writing, it's that most of the really exciting stuff happens right as the game is wrapping up, but I guess that's what the forthcoming sequel is for.The game runs like a charm on less-than-premuim hardware (I ran it at 1080p output to the telly from an HTPC running an A6 with no additional GPU, and it pulled a constant 60fps without a single hiccup), though there's a couple of places (and I stress ""couple"" here) where it shows that it was originally formatted as a 4:3 rather than a widescreen game - be amused as you can see characters standing on the edge of the screen, ready to make their dramatic entries! It just adds to the charm I guess. Gamepad support is pretty decent, too, although I say that about anything I can play using an older DirectInput-style device (in my case, a PS3 Neo-Geo pad)."
76561198082997873,Recommended,251150,11879334,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Edge,"If you like RPGS with a likeable cast, great story, excellent music, and turn based gameplay this is the game for you.Trails in the Sky is an RPG series that features a multitude of characters with extensive worldbuilding and political intrigue.Buy this game and prepare to embark on the first chapter of an ongoing epic JRPG saga."
76561198030732435,Recommended,251150,11568950,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,katidjacobs,Great game and great story! Looking forward to the next chapters :)
76561198086629557,Recommended,251150,11802430,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,suveeman,"About 10 years from my first touch this game in JP ver, now I can fully understand story of this game, quite a long wait.I want to play Second Chapter and the Third soooooon, please release then I will buy ASAP.However I can play this game till the end without any crash."
,Recommended,251150,25334958,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TechSilent,"Took me awhile to get into this game. But after a few hours of playing it, I relized this is truly an immersive and wonderful RPG."
,Recommended,251150,27896423,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rednell,"So, do you know when a game is so good that even though you dislike most of the games in the genre you fall in love with it? This is that kind of game for me.I have a hard time dealing with turn-based JRPGs. Tried playing some Final Fantasy and Persona, for example, and even though I see why people like those games, they hardly make me spend that much time, as they make me feel like I spend most of the time grinding for some reason.In the Trails in the Sky case, What made me spend most of the time playing it was how I felt the world in this game was alive. Like, how every NPC is this game has an story that develops together with the main plot. I found myself sometimes enjoying more of the NPCs stories than what was happening in the main story.But don't think the story and characters in this game aren't interesting. Even though you can see that some people won't enjoy this game as its pace is slow, you will, by the end of the game, get one hell of a surprisingly interesting plot, and some of the best well-written characters you'll find in the genre.I would even say Estelle (the main character in the game) is my favorite character in the JRPG genre (even though it's mostly because of this game's sequel, Trails in the Sky SC. Her development is a really captivating one).Really, you should check it out."
,Recommended,251150,28229866,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,megadeth,very fun game lots of side missions and fun extras to do interesting plot
,Recommended,251150,27361811,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stalekon,"I played this game during a period when I didn't have much free time, so it took me 6 months to finish. I played it in sessions of 1-3 hours at a time and that worked very well for me. The game doesn't force you into sequences where you feel like you can't stop now.Also, the game has a calm, relaxing feeling to it. Most of the locations feel serene and immersive. For example, this game makes excellent use of it's in-town NPCs. They go about their daily lives with their own relationships, troubles and dreams. If you speak with them regularly as you are playing the game, you will find how their own stories evolve alongside yours and they often end in hilarity.Another good point about the world building is the game's sense of adventure. During the majority of the game there is no imminent evil that has to be defeated. The main characters just travel between different locations without having to chase a bad guy. This gives the feeling of a relaxing journey taken at a steady pace. This doesn't mean that there is no meaning to the characters actions and their travels. Over the course of the journey different events happen that foreshadow the main conflict and everything culminates satisfyingly at the end.However, there are no user choices that affect the main storyline. This game simply lets you follow the journey of the main characters. Thus, this game might not be for people that enjoy forging their own adventure.I'm not going to go into game mechanincs or other such specifics. This game has a very typical JRPG gameplay and is a well-crafted example of the genre. Unlike you might expect from a JRPG, there is not need for grinding sessions and I never felt the need for those.Overall, this game was a very pleasant experience for me. If you are looking for a relaxing game with a slower pace that you can pick and drop at any point, this is probably a good choice for you."
76561198038215088,Recommended,251150,11525766,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,devil-god13,"Great game. Buy itI havent come across any of the bugs poeple have complained about.It started right up and i spent the next 17 hours just GETTING THROUGH THE PROLOGUE! Thats my money well spent already. There is a couple of places you might get stuck because you cant see the person properly, but there are Heaps of walkthroughs to help.Also might need a controls pages or something. Went through half the prologue without knowing that x and z rotate the screen. Much easier when you can do that."
76561198090941486,Recommended,251150,14515676,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Maxton,"Your brother dresses up as a princess and you and your friend, who are girls, dress as knights for a play helping orphans whose orphanage was burnt down by some dudeCross Dressing Simulator 201510/10 IGN, its okayIf you want a serious review of the game, read on good viewer, for this is gonna get nerdy.This game is best described as the Developers kinda love letter to older JRPG's, while also having its own personality & flavour. You play as Estelle Bright, a 16year old girl whose father is a famous war hero and warrior, who as a character some people like, some people dislike, due to her personality being mostly her being confused about everything, asking questions and yelling, but is a good character is her own right, and i liked her as a character. Your main party member, who leaves you party once in the entire game, is your adopted brother Joshua, a calm and collected boy with a misterious past Estells age who was adopted by Estelels father after he was found in the forest one night.  There are other characters, a perverted bard called Olivier, a giant easterner called Zane, a bad-boy guy with a massive sword called Agate, a school girl(not what is sounds like) called Khloe, a little girl with a cannon(!) called Tita, and a female warrior called Schera. These are your main party members and will be with your party in some order or another throughout the game. Most of the games charm comes from the interactions the characters have between each other and the conversations. The game has amazing writing also, some of the best i have every seen. The gameplay for the game is best described as a combination of Final Fantasy esque turnbased combat, hexbased, with each cahracters ""special"" and ""arts"" like the Materia system in Final Fantasy VII. The gameplay is not the games strongest point, but i myself enjoyed it. The games story, while complicated, is best descrped as Estelle and Joshua travelling their country of Liberl, and discovering their true strenght and powers in the process. This brings me to a major gripe one would have with the game, the games cutscenes can sometimes last for over twenty minuetes of pure talking. While annoying, the writing is so superb that its at least servicable. The other major gripe is the last boss and ending, the last ""boss"" is more a boss rush, with the boss having a ""one hit kill"" attack, which is pretty annoying. The ending, and the events before it, is a MASSIVE cliffhanger that really comes out of no-where, and while it sets up the next game well, is pretty annoying. The ending and events before it really changes up the tone of the game, since it reveales a lot about Joshua and another character who was prevalent in the game, without spoiling the ending to much. Personally, i loved the game and think its one of the best games in the JRPG genre, but(!) its understandable that some people wouldn't like the combat and the long cut-scenes, and the entire Anime feeling the game has. The game is very Japanese if you catch my drift, a lot of things that are prevalent in Anime and Japanese Games, including character types, are prevalent in the game. All-in-all, i personally loved the game(as i said)and highly recommend the game.Sorry, have to stop writing the review, have to talk in the forums about when the next game is coming out, Have a Nice Day and Happy Gaming!"
76561198153516010,Recommended,251150,15825132,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Excommunicado,"pros:-its a classic and solid jrpg with good storyline-all characters are really likeable(even the npcs, btw some of then have their own story if you check then out)-the combat system is pretty fun with some good customization-the game is pretty challenging, especially at the end-it has some pretty funny moments(try checking each chest after openning then)-the game is really long with hours(around 40 hours if you speedrun) of gameplay(its kind silly that i have to say that these days since most of games are around 10 hours max long)-the port is very well donecons:-the game graphically is pretty outdated(not that i give a ♥♥♥♥ since still looks good)-you cant backtrack(so if you wanna 100% you WILL NEED A GUIDE)dont buy this game just because you wanna more jrpgs on steambuy this game because its a fantastic game"
,Recommended,251150,12219138,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Moh.,"i really like this game , simple interface , nice story line and a good play style . i recommend this for those looking for a fun RPG with a good story to enjoy.waiting for the next chapters to be ported to PC ."
76561198025111658,Recommended,251150,29984180,Posted: 17 February,all,Dynast,"Amazing worldbuilding with a delicious undercurrent of political intrigue! If you like JRPGs with a dash of humour, it might be worth looking at this.Unfortunately, the buildup is pretty slow and the real meat of the plot only happens in the last two chapters. The rest? Well, I hope you like fetch quests."
76561197970313982,Recommended,251150,26758280,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ADS,"I'm copying and pasting this review for Trails in the Sky and Trails in the Sky SC, since I view them as essentially one game.Anyway, with that out of the way, here's a quick summary.  If you loved JRPGs but have found less enjoyment in the genre since the PS1 days, buy these games.  They are up there with FF6, Chrono Trigger, and Grandia in terms of that sense of adventure and wonder.  Seriously, I thought I was just old and done with JRPGS, but Trails brought back everything that I loved about the 16 bit era games.Positives:Interesting, likable characters with a lot of backstoryA *lot* of game here, 120 hours between both gamesFun combatThat classic feeling of adventure from the PS1/SNES daysUnfroze my cold, dead heartNegatives:A few sections drag on, and combat can seem slow when you just want to get to the next areaTropy story, although I really enjoyed it, if you didn't like SNES/PS1 JRPGs you probably won't like thisIf you loved JRPGs back in the day, I cannot recommend these games enough.  Just buy them."
76561198132288411,Recommended,251150,27866456,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,licketysplitburritos,"Truly, this game is the cream of the crop when it comes to JRPGs. The storyline and characters are fantastic, the battle system is fun, and the music is so catchy. This is an extremely text-heavy game, so if that's not your thing, this isn't the game for you. But as someone who loves rich storylines, Trails in the Sky is one of the best games in the genre that I've ever played.The world building and lore in this series is just amazing. Nearly every NPC in the game has a name, personality, and backstory. As you play through the game, you learn about the history of the country of LIberl, the relationships Liberl has with surrounding countries, and the current political situation that Liberl faces, as well as the factions that make Liberl function. The protagonists are part of one of these factions: The Bracer Guild, and even though you only see events in the game through their perspective, the game does a wonderful job of making it seem like there are many different perspectives of the story that you don't see. Put simply, this game almost comes alive.While I love this game to bits, there are couple of drawbacks.  Something I found occasionally annoying was the amount of walking in the game. Liberl has various regions that Estelle and Joshua travel through, and though there are some exceptions, you have to walk EVERYWHERE. There is no fast-travel mechanic, and when you add up the main storyline and the numerous quests, it's a lot of walking. Lastly, ALL of the sidequests in this game are on a time limit. If you happen to progress in the story too much and end up missing a request on the Guild board, either you reset or it's gone forever. And since these sidequests are the only way to move up in the Bracer Guild and get rewards, it's a pretty major loss to miss one. This is the case with some items as well, as some are region exclusive, and leaving a region means story progression which means the region you left is locked off. I would recommend that a guide be used with this game, as it is so incredibly easy to miss a lot of stuff.TL;DR:  amazing JRPG with killer plot, characters, lore, and gameplay, despite a couple drawbacks. It's worth every penny, and now that the second chapter is finally released, it's never been a better time to get this game."
76561198022867449,Recommended,251150,28195444,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Messo,"Oh my god! This was a fantastic experience! That's how a JRPG must be! Could be better, in my opinion, if the game was more serious. Gore, death, blood and that kind of stuff. But it's the game style that goes against that idea. This is for sure one of the best JRPG I ever played in my life.I would say: 9/10"
,Recommended,251150,12125097,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Seboist,Good tradtional turn based JRPG with light SRPG elements and a Witcher-esque Act/Hub structure. Extra props for having one of the best companions and characters in gaming in the form of Olivier Lenheim(he's like a cross between Witcher's Dandelion and Dragon Age's Zevran).Look forward to Trails: Second Chapter!
,Recommended,251150,14764339,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,tollyx,"Haven't completed it yet, but this is a REALLY good strategy JRPG. Great worldbuilding, great characters, great jokes. There's just so much about the game that simply feels right.But if I have to find something to complain about then it's the UI, especially if you're playing with a controller. It works, but it could've been a lot better."
,Recommended,251150,15616543,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TICKLE MONSTER (no underwear),Great JRPG for fans of the genre.
76561198119971645,Recommended,251150,14709325,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DarkX,Good game with entertaining storyline and simple skill system. Hoping for part 2 soon.
,Recommended,251150,32979606,Posted: 29 June,all,ileaf_mist,"This is the second Legend of Heroes game I played after Trails of Cold Steel. Even this is an old game but this still a lot better than the newest JRPG this day. The battle, the story and everything were really great."
76561198017160207,Recommended,251150,33071672,Posted: 1 July,all,Dr. Botch,I didn't like this very much 6 years ago but now I own 5 of them so...
,Recommended,251150,30464022,Posted: 11 March,all,Joker's Creed,One of the best JRPG's ever made.
76561198046230086,Recommended,251150,11762936,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,sturmritter,"Oh my Goodness! The BEST JRPG on Steam has finally arrived!!!I picked this game up thinking it would be a good game, but I discovered very quickly that it was a GREAT game!I was not familiar with it before it came on Steam because I do not have a  PSP, but I hear that the port to PC localized in English by Xseed took a long time. Thank God that Xseed did the ground work (minus the monster guide, which apparently is still a work in progress and will be available at some point in the future???) and presented an exceptionally polished translation.I also visited the Xseed site to determine when the Second Chapter will be available, because quite frankly, I'm hooked! The story was incredible, the characters and locations easily immerse the player in the story, and it all comes together beautifully.According to XSEED, ""Combined with The Legend of Heroes: Trails in The Sky Second Chapter, which is currently slated for release this winter, this legendary fantasy epic boasts over a hundred hours of gameplay featuring an engaging narrative that encompasses everything from politics, economics and conspiracies to tourism, traditions and even a cat-speech dictionary. The series also features a meticulously customizable combat system, a massive cast of characters from all walks of life, a variety of landscapes, an in-game newspaper that publishes new issues as the story progresses, and much more. ""I really can't say enough. The game reminded me of Suikoden in many ways, and was just as awesome to play through.If you don't get any other JRPG on steam, do NOT pass this one up!!!! I rate it a strong 9/10 (I have never given a 10/10 yet, because I like to leave room for improvements, hehe.)  Just play it and enjoy it. Any questions can be resolved by looking up the PSP walkthrough on gamefaqs or other sites."
76561198042921285,Recommended,251150,13331057,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,[OTG]Kron,"If you like the nostalgic JRPGs of old, then this is right up your alley. It has all the great things thatthe old school turned based games had. There are no relying on flashing icons to find a quest. You have to actually read it and locate it yourself. The one thing it lacks is the ""click on every dresser, bookshelf, night stand and crate for random loots"" that I loved on my old PS1 games.For those of you that remember the days of ready dialog, looking for quests on your own and enjoying a game that doesn't make you feel like you have to rush to power level, then purchase this game.For those thatenjoy the lazy mans way of questing by relying on flashing icons to show you where to go, feel like you have to power rush to level and hate ready dialog boxes, this game will probably not by to your liking."
,Recommended,251150,15093055,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Spoony Bard,"What can one say about this game? An interesting story, witty, refreshing dialogue, 3D graphics, amazing characters you care about from minute one, incredible and moving music, tons of humour to accompany for more than 50 hours of gameplay.The game was released back in Japan at first back in 2004 and it made it's road to Europe and the U.S. in 2014. Therefore, the graphics can't be expected to be the best but that is no concern of mine since I never concentrate on the graphics of a game but on the storyline, music and character development.  The gameplay though. I have to admit, is not for everyone; turn based strategy RPGs are rather for oldschool gamers than for newer who prefer more action than thinking. Even so, the game is not as unforgiving as for instance Final Fantasy Tactics. Moreover, the characters have no voices; Everything they have to say show up as a cloud above their head and you have to read it for yourself.If you are an oldschool gamer who seeks a great story, music and characters or a newbie and you would like a first hand experience of the old games we used to play then The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is for you! I personally, I'm looking forward for the second and third installments of the series.P.S. Can a game which abbreviates:♥♥♥♥♥♥be wrong? I think not. :P===========================UPDATE==============================22/04/15Today I beat the game and I have to say that this little game is a hidden gem, it climbed easily on my top 3 favourite games of all time. The main characters, it's impossible to describe Estelle, Joshua, Agate. Scherazard and Olivier are unique characters and are not simply amazing, but they will live in your mind until the end of your days. ""The whereabouts of light"", the song Joshua plays on his harmonica is one of the most moving musical pieces I've ever encountered in my whole lifetime as a gamer. The ending, oh that beautiful, tragic cliffhanger of an ending made me scream internally ""I WANT MORE! It can not be stopping here!"" I can't wait for the second part which according to the video game company, will be released later this year."
76561197992418627,Recommended,251150,12075774,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,JB,Masterpiece
76561198146529840,Recommended,251150,28876921,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,YoRHa Betrayers,Awsome
76561198088224903,Recommended,251150,11577116,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Kutso,"This game has to be one of the best turn-based rpgs that i've played since all the greats like FF3-FF9, Crono Trigger, Crono Cross, Breath of Fire 3 & 4, etc. I love how they intertwine battle set ups from different games. So far I have no complaints and i hope it stays that way, because we really do need to bring back the old school rpgs. Killer graphics are nice but when it lacks good story content or gameplay just for the look of it, It's really not worth anything over forty dollars."
,Recommended,251150,13567379,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,damag0r,Not sure I have much else to say that other's haven't. If you're a fan of oldschool JRPGs with a lot of text and story then you should definitely get this.I went to the trouble of getting all achievements.
76561198110598848,Recommended,251150,18902976,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,AlReev,"Just play this game, dammit."
,Recommended,251150,19475974,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Depsyy,What a ride it has been. Been playing this game multiple hours a day for atleast one full week.My neck hurts but I can't stop because the story just turned more interesting.The Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky is an excellent JRPG that should be in everyones library.Pros+ Great storyline+ Great soundtrack+ Diverse set of characters+ Challenging game+ Lots of secrets and small little thingsCons- No indication of enemy levels(Only small amount of info and elemental resistances are shown)- Reaching critical parts on the main storyline prevents you fromgoing back to previous areas and gaining more exp for your characters- Some of the fights are just plain unfair and come down to luckand has nothing to do with you knowing how to play the game.
76561198024757230,Recommended,251150,13021368,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ODevil,"Awesome game, very well worth the money."
76561198088836560,Recommended,251150,14527916,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ＣｉＣｉ  桃,Update fixed the game. Feels good man.
76561198155445018,Recommended,251150,14525855,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,blue moon,Is this a great game? YesAre there enough reviews for it? NoNuff said
,Recommended,251150,16544164,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FlyingTinman,10/10 Story. From the golden age of jrpgs.
,Recommended,251150,16811712,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Edelcast,"A very good game. Story revolves around two 16 year old kids, a brawn-over-brains girl (the main character who you make decisions for) and a know-it-all donkan boy with an edgy-as-♥♥♥♥, mysterious backstory. A little bit of a frustrating ending. Second chapter not on steam yet, and as far as i know, may not even be finished. Translating the second chapter turned out to be very tasking for some reason, and the company with all the rights on the translation never even commited to translating the third chapter. While the second one may be released by the end of 2015, the third one may take many more years, if it's even gonna be translated at all. Prepare for treachery, hypnosis, grinding and lovable characters. 8/10 would recommend."
76561198000272948,Recommended,251150,13189605,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Tenryuu,Awesome Story!
76561198042164381,Recommended,251150,13243271,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,bread is for winners,!
,Recommended,251150,13558037,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,UnbackedSpartan,"To bring this game over to the west XSEED staff translated 1.5 million Japanese characters of dialogue into the game you see here. 1.5million♥♥♥♥ing characters. This game was painstakenly translated by like 3 people at XSEED and let me tell you those dedicated souls did an amazing job. Character interactions and cutscenes all feel very fluid and believable.This is the top notch story-driven turn based JRPG. Literally, the best you're going to find on Steam. You'll actually care about the characters and♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's crazy. Oh, and don't forget about the amazing soundtrack and expansive world. Expansive world is an understatement. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is MASSIVE. Good thing you're going to have bomb♥♥♥♥♥music to listen to while you're exploring it.Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Support XSEED. Get more JRPGS on Steam. Pretty simple."
76561198025296187,Not Recommended,251150,29886111,Posted: 12 February,all,Cicelia,"This game's combat system isn't very interesting and gets boring rather quickly.This game's story was uninteresting, the characters are almost never doing anything meaningful.The lack of an engaging story or a more complex battle-system leads me to question what other people actually like about this game. Sure this game was orginally released in 2004, but other games have aged better. I woudn't recommend spending time on this one."
76561198040884117,Recommended,251150,17024086,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Taruwolf,"Overall: 9 / 10This game hails back to the days of older JRPGs in game design quality.  The combat system is fairly simple but remains entertaining until the final area.  The depth of the story is where the real value of this game shows. There is enough character development and shared details that the plot twists are fairly surprising, but well understood upon further refelction (and some of the hidden quests).PROs:* In-depth and engaging story (This is an understatement).* Random NPCs in every town all have backstories and text changes between every story event.* Bracer book gives excellent guidance when you think you're lost in the middle of a quest.* Every battle has a retry option in the event you make a careless error and die.* Combat system was entertaining for the first 3 chapters due to the mixture of basic attacks, arts, crafts, and items.* 40+ hours in the first play through.* NG+ for achievement hunters. (Cloak Quartz)NEUTRAL:* Sepith and Quartz (Arts) system was new to me, but felt under-utilized.* Can't skip cut-scenes (Though, a text fast-forward is available).CONs:* Linear story and game play.* Every character in this game is extremely good at running away.* Easily missable items/quests due to how the timeline progresses.* Endgame combat was very repetitive.* My computer had lag issues during combat when many sepiths were displayed on the screen. (May be my hardware.  I was too lazy to look into it.  Didn't stop me from playing.)NOTES:* Second chapter is being released in the summer of 2015.* Expect a huge timesink of you're a fan of the game style."
76561197993454933,Recommended,251150,27830642,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,-HH- Hitoshura,The best JRPG series on Steam.
,Recommended,251150,20153254,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,coolRONz,Great game! Sadly I'm only a  casual gamer who has too many great games who doesn't have time to finish them all. Darn you STEAM!!!!
,Recommended,251150,13583666,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,"Excellent work from Nihom Falcom. This is a ""real"" JRPG for the PC, reminiscent of the classics that used to make consoles worth owning. I hope to see more like this in the future.If you're a fan of the older FF games, or BoF, or Star Ocean, etc. then you owe it to yourself to add this game to your library."
76561198016208412,Recommended,251150,31863346,Posted: 20 May,all,Commitee of Public Safety 1793-,"This first installment of the Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky series is a good game that I played off and on for over a year. The story is unique to itself and starts interesting, and progressively improves overtime, and becomes enthralling at the culmination of the game which hooks you into the next installment. There are a number of fun scenes, dialogs, and events that help character development that were enjoyable. The developers had fun playing with adult humor and modern themes that face us present day.  The game took me 70 hours to beat on hard difficulty, which required many hours of grinding out levels (something that I actually enjoyed with this game); which really tantamount (in my case) to 100 playing time hours of the game. You may not want to play on hard difficulty if you want to preserve your life. I will begin playing the next installment soon."
,Recommended,251150,34210924,Posted: 13 August,all,Nanoha,"Enjoyed the story, looking forward to the next 2. Quite a long game and entertaining throughout."
,Recommended,251150,34922671,Posted: 13 September,all,Ned1291,"Overall this is a very good JRPG. While some might be put off by the dated 2D visuals it's surprisingly well done and doesn't detract from the experience. This game is really heavy on story and world-building so if you like RPGs with those traits then you will definitely enjoy this. Gameplay is a grid/turn-based hybrid system that gets the job done but I feel like it could be just a tad deeper. Music wise is pretty good although a couple more battle themes would have been nice. The story is a nice, lighthearted adventure that can get really enriching with it's world-building and interesting characters, and it does get pretty serious near the end and ESPECIALLY at the end, wow. Be forewarned though that the story does continue in the next game, Trails in the Sky SC so you probably will want to play that too, which I will soon. That said if you are looking for a chill, interesting and story rich JRPG this is right up your alley."
76561198044741998,Recommended,251150,34402416,Posted: 21 August,all,Riadus,Fantastic game from start to finish. Old school classic RPG with a decent combat and magic system. Highlight of the game is most definitely the story which by the end of this game is very deep and only just getting started. The Trails series is apparently quite long and so far I am only 2 in. Absolutely recommend this and and the second game in the series.
,Recommended,251150,34427834,Posted: 22 August,all,Keegs79,This was a great game. It reminded me of the very memorable characters of the Lunar titles. They are all have distinct personalities and enjoy characters with their own interesting skill sets that you use through battles. They will come and go at times so they are not always available for use. They switch out for the sake of the story. The story is really well told and actually leads to some somewhat interesting surprises. It is also rounded out with great music and servicable graphics that shouldn't be degraded. It services its self well looking like an old school classic title. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,251150,35097978,Posted: 20 September,all,Behemoth,"This is one JRPG♥♥♥♥♥JRPG.Starts realllllllllllly slow, but picks up as it goes on. Has a kind of slow burn plot, but good characterization and decent combat. Not quite tactical enough to be an SPRG.Note that the game ends with a bit of a cliffhanger, so you'll probably want to pick up SC too."
,Recommended,251150,13869300,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,"Khilik, 賢治","After 58 hours spent playing blind and finishing up my first playthough, I cannot express in words how much I enjoyed the experience playing through The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky. The story was amazing, full of emotion; very well written. The music was exceptional and fit perfectly in each scene. The gameplay was engaging and fun and the various mechanics set in place just further enhanced the experience. Heres to hoping the second chapter for this game gets put on Steam soon. I fully recommend this game to anyone looking for a long and wonderful adventure in the land of Liberl."
,Recommended,251150,30965208,Posted: 5 April,all,JOX,"Breath in... AhhhhHhhhh, that felt so nice. This game is like the same familiar air that you so used to breathe in when you were young/er. It has all the Classic JRPG elements: Melancholic storyline - check, Turn based system - check, Cute colorful graphics - check, Nostalgic soundtracks - check, and of course a Sequel - check! will definitely buy it."
76561198245134770,Recommended,251150,33801580,Posted: 25 July,all,Ella,This was honestly one of my favourite games ever. I can't wait to play the sequel.
76561198107322454,Recommended,251150,30414811,Posted: 9 March,all,bones3081,Fell in love with this game instantly.  Great game play with lots of things to discover.  As of now I have played several playthroughs and am part way through SC.
76561198147209051,Recommended,251150,31708273,Posted: 12 May,all,silverkey01,"Great RPG.  The story is engulfing and pretty well thought out.  The combat and orbament systems are varied enough to stay interesting.  The enemy encounters were not random and could easily be avoided (a good thing for me).  I was thorough and provided a lengthy playing time,"
,Recommended,251150,31571741,Posted: 5 May,all,Binoya,One of the best JRPG i've ever played.
,Recommended,251150,11474266,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Nyaa,"tldr;I'm buying the next game they release for sure, awesome gamelonger version:there are issues with the game from the start, but the developers are working hard on it to resolve themI played alot of Legend of Heroes games on my PSP and I have to say that the PC version is just greatEDIT:after ""a few hours"" of playing I can only recommend this game for being fun and enjoyableif you have issues starting the game, disable high resolution fonts in the config"
76561197993296096,Recommended,251150,11670439,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Tuba,"Playing a game like this is breath of fresh air...graphics and movies mean nothing if there is no substance, and TLOH's world and characters make you want to explore it. Combat is tactical and you will get screwed if you are careless. The orb system is very much like FFVII's materia system. If you want a good RPG, here it is. I can't wait for the next game in the trilogy!"
,Recommended,251150,11710335,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SuicideRun,"I'm giving this a thumbs up, but be warned it's very long. I have put in 60 hours and at about the 45 hour mark I just wanted it to end. Worst part was the final boss, or the fake final boss. After to beat him you fight the real final boss, but wait there's more! The Final boss isn't done when you defeat him, he transforms into an ever more powerful form. It's about a 90 minute fight for all 3 battles, and you can't save after each battle. I got tired of fighting and let him kill my party, I was doing 1k attacks and it was barely moving his health. I loved this game til the last 15 hours I put into it. I 100% Ni No Kuni and never once wanted that game to end. They just drag the story out too long in Legend of Heroes."
,Not Recommended,251150,29901451,Posted: 13 February,all,Noctah,"First off, kudos to Xseed for their anti-censorship policies, and the hard work they put into their ports/translations.I'll try and make it short: the game runs well on PC, plays well even with mouse and keyboard, has a polished world packed with useless but charming details, comfy atmosphere, great soundtrack, good writing and likeable characters, but unfortunately goes nowhere as a game and as a story.It doesn't ""get better 20 hours in"" as you could expect from other long JRPGs.The combat is unfortunately simplistic and very easy, unless you go on ""Hard"" mode, in which is more akin to ""Impossible"" mode if you start off your first playthrough with it on (you can get killed in a single hit in the first ""tutorial"" fight). I'm not sure, but I think Hard mode is meant for New Game+, but why would you?It feels like the ""Normal"" mode was balanced with a casual, unaware player in mind, as it is terribly forgiving. Trying to do all the sidequests, and not running away from common battles, both of which the game encourages via various systems, will make you naturally overpowered in almost every single fights in the game, bare the last few bosses which could require a bit more thought and strategy, but by then you'll probably still beat them without much difficulty (and worst of all, you can lose to one of them without any repercussions!).The customization system with Orbs is pretty fun and original, but you reach its limits very, very fast. There's are almost no magic abilities with any surprising effects, it's just full of ""damage+status effect"", ""damage in a medium zone"", ""damage in a large zone"", ""damage in a line""; and honestly, you'll probably won't want to spend time watching the magic spell animations when you can just hold A and auto-attack the nearest enemy, nearly one-shotting them while they do single digits of damage to you. This is 90% of the game's combat, without exaggeration. Unless you're some kind of masochists that likes to reverse the roles, dealing single digits of damage while being one-shot yourself?The story is, as I've said, well written, and the little details in the various NPCs' conversations are fun to check on, but in the end it's all a big meaningless whole.You're left in the dark for 90% of the story, and that's dozens of hours of playtime, and the remaining 10% are giving you tidbits of answers, that are all meant to tease you, or perhaps ""coerce"" you into buying the sequel to know the full answer (sequel which apparently repeats the same pattern of bait&switch so that you buy the third game after that [EDIT: ""apparently"", it doesn't bait&switch like the first one. I wouldn't recommend trying and find out either way.]).The characters are likeable, and I'm immersed in the world, but I have to endure dozens of hours of meaningless filler if I wish to actually see any story progression, not just ""we stopped the bad guy this time, but we don't know who they are"" repeated x10 until the game finally gives up and gives you a bit of info, but not too much! ""I don't care if the player already spent 30 hours on the game! We can't have him know anything yet! Just drop him a name or something and let him play 10 more hours before telling him anything else.""There's not even any meaningful foreshadowing that a smart player can guess. The only thing the game trusts you to guess is that ""There's a connection between X and Y"". What connection? Impossible to guess. You'd think a game with this much detail in its world would put hints here and there, but nope. You gotta play 50 hours and beat the final boss to get an answer to this, and it's left thoroughly unexplored, telling you to♥♥♥♥♥♥off and go buy the sequel already.That being said, if you're in the mood for a more casual experience; light-hearted dialogue (and genuinely funny at times), mindless escapism just to chill out an hour or two every evening after work, then you've got a gem right here. Others, check out the soundtrack and look elsewhere for an actual game."
,Not Recommended,251150,30527961,Posted: 15 March,all,">""L.Hübscher SEA BEAR. 👺","I've been playing Trails in the Sky FC on and off for about a year or so. I had to take several longer breaks, and it looks like I'm only a few hours away from completing it, but honestly, screw it, I'm done with this game. I really wish there was a ""partly recommended"" option or something like that, because that's the most I could give it.The good things first:- World Building. Probably the most highlighted thing about Trails in the Sky, and yes, they did a great job on it. Liberl really does feel like a living and changing country, where (almost) every completely irrelevant NPC has a name, a bit of personality and different topics to talk about during different times. I don't know of any other (J)RPG that creates this feeling, classic or modern, and I've played a lot.- Characters. While some of them act a bit clichèd at times, they all have pretty unique personalities and are well-written. It's pretty obvious who're the ""bad"" guys, though, at least it was for me.- The Orbment Skill System. While the ingame explanations are very lacking, after I'd figured it out by myself I found it pretty cool. Experimenting with it was more fun than the actual battles.- Music (Evolution remix). A memorable soundtrack is one of the things that decide between a bad and a good game for me, and Trails in the Sky does well overall. A few tracks are pretty bland, others are amazing.- The almost certain knowledge that I will never encounter a RPG with a worse pacing than this.And that's about it. I know the last point sounds like a joke, but it isn't. Because...... The plot pacing. Oh boy, is it horrible. Between all the world building well done, it feels like Falcom forgot they actually had a real STORY to tell. So, what you basically do is travelling around the whole country throughout the game while helping people, solving various cases that range from pickpocket to abduction and arson, and all this while searching for your mysteriously vanished father. And there's even more to it, with a huge conspiracy unfolding itself behind the scenes..... And that's roughly everything I know so far myself. I've been playing this game for almost FORTY hours, and pretty much all I've got so far are some dialogues and cutscenes that were like ""hint, hint, something big is going on, but now you really have to get back to collecting herbs and killing random monsters"". But that's not the only problem. Every time the pace finally begins to pick up, it crashes down mere minutes later again. Best example, a few hours ago, I broke into a military fortress and rescued an important person - only to find myself doing sightseeing in another city, like, thirty minutes later. And that's what bothers me so much, this game doesn't feel like the ""First Chapter"" of a grand story, it feels like a prologue that has been stretched to 40+ hours of playtime. If their goal was to create a plot with the least excitement possible, they succeeded. Everything went wrong here in my opinion.There are other things I don't like about Trails in the Sky FC, but honestly, they don't really matter. I'm feeling really frustrated with it, like I wasted dozens of hours for nothing.It's  a bit weird to have an opinion that differs so heavily from the majority, especially since I love both JRPGs and good stories, but I really don't get the hype. Yet.I guess I'll just read up on how it ends and play Second Chapter someday, which is supposedly much better. Who knows, maybe it has some actual plot development and can live up to its reputation for me. And, I mean, as I already wrote before.. it can hardly get any worse than this."
,Recommended,251150,33747664,Posted: 23 July,all,suckoja,"If you are looking for a role playing game with good (perhaps great) story, this is the one. Highly recommend for story and OST.A slow burning story that take it's time to gripe you. Once it's hook... it's sink, and it's go deeper and deeper until it's reach a finale.Me? proceed play the second chapter immediately."
,Not Recommended,251150,20717127,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Shunmasan,"Pretty good music! Nice clean graphics!!♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME.It's mostly doing side quests that feel like MMO grind and reading long♥♥♥♥♥dialogs for long♥♥♥♥♥cutscenes.-Prologue is 8 hours.-Game has predefined party members for each chapter.-There are no big events in the story. (Maybe a little bit in the last 10 minutes?)-Extremely small amount of variation in the skills to use in combat.-Extremely small number of items and equipments. (Each city only sells 1 weapon for each character which you basically buy first thing you enter the city).-Cities don't have hidden items.-Hate the two main characters.-All the dungeons are basically the same thing. Each of them use only 1 set of texture also.-I fell asleep during this game many times. Game is probably like 42 hours instead of 48 hours.-Game has no challenge.-Whole game was like a prologue. By the end I was too bored to even think about getting the second chapter game.-From this title, I expected to travel around world map in an airship. NOPE. You can only walk.Earth wall is so op."
,Recommended,251150,19353657,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"This game looks like it belongs on the PS1, but not in a bad way. It reminds me of all the old RPGs I used to love as a kid and why I became so enamoured with Sony in the early 2000s. The characters are fun, the music is catchy, and the gameplay is rather addictive, especially for an old style JRPG like this.How much am I enjoying this? I got it and Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on the same day. So far I haven't gotten around to touching Witcher 3 and this game is the reason (mind you, I can't promise it'll stay that way once I do get around to trying Witcher 3).Pros:- Great soundtrack.- Good artwork and fun characters.- Very nostaligic feel for older gamers, especially people who were big into JRPGs around the late 90s to early 2000s.- Intuitive combat that feels engaging and encourages strategy.- Solid customization.- Cooking sidequest lets you learn how to make foods by tasting a sample of one, giving you a way of creating healing items outside of buying tons of the game's equivalent to 'healing potions'.- Bracer Guild missions are a great way to earn money, which is important as new weapons aren't cheap.Cons:- While combat is engaging, it can become a bit repetitive when you're fighting the same mob over and over again.- The characters are very anime-trope-y. Tomboyish girl with a heart of gold, mysterious boy with dark hair, older woman (yeah, 'older' by anime standards, she's 23) who uses a whip and apparently likes being 'in charge' as it were. I got a giggle out of it, but it can turn some off.- While encounters aren't random, its very easy to get ambushed by monsters on the map and get put into rough battles if you're not actively seeking out fights. Be ready to keep some healing items handy.NOTE:If you use the AMD Catalyst Control Center, it's overlay will actually ♥♥♥♥ with the game and make it bug out when you try to use a controller. I found that out the annoying way when it wouldn't let me use the menu at all. To fix this, just exit out of the Control Center before you start the game. Irritating, but a minor nusance at worst.Final Verdict: A good solid JRPG and a nostalgia trip for older gamers. If you grew up with games like Alundra, Chrono Cross, and the like then give it a go and enjoy feeling like you're a teenager again (... well, the good bits. Not the hormones, acne, and crippling social awkwardness bits)."
,Recommended,251150,32996429,Posted: 29 June,all,Noob Titor,One of the best JRPG i ever played
,Recommended,251150,30793856,Posted: 28 March,all,Apriarcy,"Wow. Just wow.This is an awesome game.If you're into JRPGs with excellent stories and turn based combat, you can't go wrong here.I couldn't recommend this game more."
,Recommended,251150,34909224,Posted: 12 September,all,JRyanC_,"Amazing story and a great RPG. This game is originally from the mid 2000s, so even the most rotten of potato PCs can probably run it. Overall one of the most emotional and charming RPGs I've ever played. I cried more playing this game than I cried during The Witcher 3. Let that sink in.Some warnings about this game though: the story is conveyed entirely through text. The only voice acting is in battle/victory lines. That's all. If that's a turnoff, steer clear.Also, be wary of hard/nightmare mode. Some of this game's mechanics are a bit old and broken in terms of difficulty. It's not impossible to beat on harder difficults, but as the game itself warns, ""It's your funeral.""XSEED is doing the lord's work. They deserve your money for bringing The Legend of Heroes to the West."
,Recommended,251150,16529902,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kaldire,"this game, pure AWESOMEno negatives here AT ALLif you like jrpgs and snes style chrono trigger ish stuffTHIS GAME wont let you downI wont go into huge detail, but vs other games of its genre, this rocksjust wish the whole series would come out on steam pc(there are like 9 games in the series)"
,Recommended,251150,18802181,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,EMIYA,The treasure chests alone makes the game worthwhile.
,Recommended,251150,15480483,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Tony,Classic turn-based JRPG with deep story and a LOT of dialog )
,Recommended,251150,11543084,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,xEqualWhy,"This is my third time buying the game (once on PSP, once on Vita, and now on PC) and it's completely worth every penny.  This is by no means a short game, even with only doing the main content you're looking at at least 30 hours.  The plot can be a bit slow to start but the world building is some of the best in gaming.  I found the difficulty a touch on the easy side when playing on normal but thankfully there a few choices in difficulty level.TLDR: A game for those who enjoy a rich detailed world and character development.  Game play is standard turn based but with a few interesting twists."
,Recommended,251150,12647328,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Elteri,10/10 One of my favourite games ever.
,Recommended,251150,12203951,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Yatagarasu,"This is the best JRPG on steam. At least until its direct sequel, Trails in the Sky 2 is released. Don't be fooled by the anime graphics, the slow but innocent start, or the upbeat battle theme. This game is easily one of the most deep, rich, and well written stories in gaming ever. This is the game that turns non-believers into the Cult of Falcom."
,Recommended,251150,12507893,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,RAY DO IT,"UPDATE: Nominated for the reward thingy. Surely the best tearjerker in my library.I actually borrowed this game for the PSP last year (2013) and beat it days before the announcement that FC and SC were coming to steam. Once winter 2013 finally arrive in summer 2014 I bought multiple copies on steam to share the love. So obviously I loved it and I replayed it. I find this game to be very close to perfect. I won't compare it to other games because there is no need for that. It has everything I want in a RPG. Great characters, music, towns, NPCs, solid turn based combat with a nice touch of customization, and of course a great story. The pace of this game feels episodic to me because every quest has its own plot and every npc has their own thing going on.The gameplay is a bit old and it might scare away a lot of people but if you like slow paced (its really not that slow) games you should love this. Its pretty easy to rush forward and avoid battles but you will most likely get sidetracked by all the content and dialogue!"
,Recommended,251150,11508784,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,opieop,"10/10 would doge again. Awesome story, gameplay and fluent style of character development and overall progression."
,Recommended,251150,31302024,Posted: 22 April,all,Blanc  ( ブラン ),> Goof Game> Go Adventure> Looking for Clue> Looking for Story> Looking for epic Camera move> More Chara> Tsundere Main Chara> Easy Play Able> WIBU go buy this gameScore for all 8.0
76561197974589425,Recommended,251150,11471486,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,GETTUCCED,"Do it, add to cart.This will make you happier.do it"
,Recommended,251150,12320246,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Falcomster,Best JRPG
,Recommended,251150,11870813,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Tentacle Bunny,"Good RPG. lots of classic elements, few new ones. I'm impressed.Storyline is pretty good so far, battle system's not bad either. simple controls.Roaming style with turn based battles on a timer. pretty decent, bordering strategy rpg.Graphics? for this style, over the top. Reminds me of a mix inbetween Final Fantasy Tactics and Chrono Trigger.Good Game."
,Recommended,251150,11483679,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Munin,"One of my favourite RPGs. Filled with lots of very human characters, incidental dialogue and touches that make the world feel more alive and overall a game that feels crafted with love and attention.I played through it on the PSP and am looking forward to the sequel finally coming out in the west as well."
,Recommended,251150,21806011,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Rhap,Finish the game before you judge it
,Recommended,251150,11532219,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Col. Snips,"I originally played and finished this game on the PSP.Recommended for JRPG Fans. Fantastic story, awesome soundtrack (Jazz Fusion) and good characters. Very dialogue heavy, may not suit someone who wants constant action.I didn't find the game difficult, it is quite easy - I only ran into some issues when I was fighting monsters in an area I shouldn't be in yet.There are times where you will miss a sidequest (Not really important unless you want 100% bracer level at the end) because the storyline moves on and you can't go back. One of the quests only becomes available in a tower JUST before you move on to the next story arc (annoying!). There are also moments during quests where you need to make a decision, your choice will have an influence on your bracer score (if you care) and may alter enemy encounters.The magic system is pretty simple but some of the later AOE spells make other spells and melee redundant."
76561198021702186,Recommended,251150,11468566,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,endoxa,Just buy this gem. also i hope they fix the crashes.
76561198015206600,Recommended,251150,11471124,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Talamir,"All I can say is that if you have a fondness for JRPGs from the SNES/PS1 era, BUY THIS GAME! You owe it to yourself to do so."
76561198001063669,Recommended,251150,11528352,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,[PS]Sake Nigiri,"I played this game on the PSP and I have to say, XSEED's translation of this title was absolutely fantastic. The story, gameplay, and overall feel of this game brings back many fond memories of my childhood with SNES JRPGs.This is however, the first in a trilogy and the 2nd and 3rd iterations have not been translated yet into English (the dialogue book for the second game is enormous)... nor will it unless more people play this fantastic game. Buy it, it's an absolute classic."
,Recommended,251150,11485990,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,kdodds,"From what little I have played so far, about an hour, maybe a little more, this really is a nice JRPG entry (when/if you can get it to run).  More on that next paragraph.  For a modern JRPG release, the lack of voice acting is really the only complaint I have in gameplay.  If you don't mind a lot of reading and clicking after every sentence, and you're a fan of JRPGs, or even anime/manga, Trails in the Sky is definitely something that should be on your radar.  Whether or not you should purchase it now, just after release on Steam, is another matter entirely.  There was obviously no distributed alpha/beta stage to this development/conversion judging from the myriad fatal crash reporting.  Essentially, this means you are, currently, paying for a game that (in the current trend) is really an ""Early Access"", although feature complete, game.  With that said, IF you can get it to run stable, it's definitely worth the investment.As of the 2 hour mark, I had to run the game, which then minimized itself, and stayed minimized no matter how I tried to access it, for over half an hour on the 20th run try or so.  After that half hour it did let me switch to it and resolved to a black screen that then began playing the intro a few minutes later.  The game played normally after that, but on two other machines I still can't get it to run.  One of these exceeds system specs by only a bit (i3,4GB,256MB) and the game loads normally but crashes after a few minutes of play.  The other minimizes as the first machine described.  Both of those machines are WELL beyond system spec.  I'll update this review once I've gotten more play time in for myself and gotten it running on these other machines.  But my advice, unless you're able to stomach potential fatal bugs, is to wait until the forums stop reporting crash bugs."
76561198042864202,Recommended,251150,11517626,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Materia User,"I can already tell this game will be amazing.It's setting up for a great story, deep characterization, and even the graphics are a little better than I thought - it looks like a few rpg maker games I have at first glance but it has some CG movies and some 3D objects which make it stand out a lot more.I'm a little scared that It might end on a cliffhanger though because the description says this is the first chapter and I don't think there are any guaruntees of whether any of the other chapters will be coming on steam."
,Recommended,251150,11544945,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Gods pet turtle,good/10 - gpt
76561198060937112,Recommended,251150,26036150,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Glitter Heart,"Who Should Buy this Game?If like me you thoroughly enjoyed playing turn based JRPG’s before 3d gaming took off, then you will enjoy this title, you will get addicted. All of the characters are interesting, the plot is deep and interesting. While there is lot of dialog, very little of it is filler.Pros•	It will take a long time to complete both chapters,•	I was at a loss when I finished my 143 hour playthrough of first chapter and second  chapter, there’s not many companies producing games like this one•	Sadly, games are not made like this anymore. I wish more games had strong and likable cast of characters, good music and a fun and interesting plot with decent gameplay mechanics.•	You can retry battles, when you lose (Fights also get easier after each retry so you arenever stuck).•	Decent turn based strategy, with a variety of customizable skillsCons•	There is a ton of dialog, which can slow the pace of the game.•	There is no way of skipping or speeding-up battle animations.•	It’s easy to miss some quests. I missed some for the first guild before I got the hang of it.•	Agate (Though you will like him towards the end of SC)ConclusionTrails in the Sky has its problems, however they don’t ruin the experience. It is everything a decent JRPG should be. Many of these flaws can be overlooked depending on preference.Unlike the games mentioned above, Trails in the sky has an awesome story, that keeps getting better the deeper you get into the game."
76561198016086401,Recommended,251150,31537728,Posted: 4 May,all,Yuey,BUY IT
76561197971948490,Recommended,251150,17243069,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Wraith_Magus,"A JRPG with most of the usual JRPG tropes.  This game has you playing pre-defined characters through a detailed but mostly linear plotline with a bunch of sidequests sprinkled through, but little major customization options like you may be used to with Western-style RPGs.  That said, it does have an unusual magic system (similar to Final Fantasy VII's) where you equip special gems (quartzes) to be able to cast magic.The heroine of the game, Estelle, like most female protags in a Japanese plotline, is a headstrong but overeager sort, the female equivalent of the standard ""spikey-haired idiot"" hero in a JRPG.  She joins a guild to serve as an excuse to send a 16-year-old on dangerous missions around the game world for pay and have optional side quests pop up in a single convenient location alongside her adopted NotBloodRelated!brother, Joshua.  Much of the dialogue and early plot revolve around Estelle trying to talk about how great a heroine she's going to be while Joshua and everyone else just shoots her down.  Beyond this, it becomes about as subtle as a plane crashing into your living room that Joshua's in love with Estelle, while she keeps being oblivious to all the innuendo everyone she meets talking about it, and she continuously ""humorously"" assumes Joshua's actually in love with every random named girl they run into.Joshua, for his part, is the ""serious hero"" role, which isn't an uncommon pairing for these types of female leads in Japanese anime, either. That is, he's the levelheaded one to her emotionality, and he's too sensitive to ever take advantage of how she'll happily sleep in the same room with him at night or ever just confess his feelings clearly enough it could get through her standard-issue anime heroic love obliviousness.Battles take place on a grid, but it's not quite a Final Fantasy Tactics.  There's no terrain to speak of, and no facing or position bonuses, so the grid really only matters for AoE attacks or if your basic attacks are out of range, which is fairly rare, as you can usually move half the map in a single turn.  Some enemies do take advantage, though, and attacks can repel your characters (or the enemies) when they land, leaving some enemies to shoot ranged shots that knock you back quite far as you have to charge through them (or use ranged magic).Things like critical hits are not percentage based upon attack, but are assigned to a turn in the turn order.  By making different move choices (magic has a large delay, while moving and not attacking has less,) you can adjust when you get your next turn relative to the enemy, and snag bonuses that give you more rewards for beating enemies or free healing, or at least deny a critical hit turn to the enemy.  The ""super attack""/""limit break"" of this game, called S-Crafts, lets you interrupt the standard turn order, getting those special turns to yourself, while also dealing large amounts of damage.I do have a couple complaints about how you play the game, however.  Controls are a bit awkward, and take too many button presses or delays to accomlpish simple things.  Simple things like looking at status takes 4-5 button presses, with a half-second delay between each one.  Buying up ingredients in the shops? There's a counter you have to move up and down where there's an annoying delay in the action, and if you press the confirm button twice in a row, trying to make go quicker, it defaults to NOT buying things, and resets the counter.  There's no scroll up/down button, either, and you can get a VERY large inventory even fairly early on to scroll through with that annoying delay for each and every item you have to move down. At least it has controller support, which feels more natural for this sort of game.The game also features a few ""collector""-type activities.  You gain recipes by eating new foods, and can craft them if you have the ingredients for bonus healing items on the cheap, not unlike the Tales series.  There's achievements for getting maximum guild rank (by completing the game with the correct mid-mission choices so you get the bonuses,) and for opening every chest.  (There are guides to help ensure you don't miss something.)All-in-all, it feels a lot like the games I played on the Playstation 2 a while back, or possibly the N64, because the pre-rendered sprites of 3d models reminds me of N64 games like Harvest Moon 64.  It has slightly budget graphics, but solid gameplay.  Best of all, unlike most games that try to wear the ""JRPG badge"" on Steam, it actually experiments a little with the game mechanics, rather than just importing Dragon Quest or early Final Fantasy mechanics in wholecloth to worship at the alter of nostalgia."
76561197992886766,Recommended,251150,11501804,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Honorable_D,"Great JRPG with some serious story/character development. Gonna start right out and say if you dislike dialoge heavy RPGs you'd best skip it, lolAnways, this is a turn-based JRPG with combat that involves a grid with players and enemies having a certain movement range and attack range - its not FF style where everyone lines up in a row and whacks each other. Spells are rather unique and vaguely similar to FF7's Materia in that each characater has an ""Orbment"" that they can slot ""Quartz"" into and depending on the color and amount of Quartz you'll aquire new spells for use - sorta confusing at first but it works out to allow you more character customization than most JRPGs.The game's story seems to be driven by the ""Bracer"" guild in which the main characters belong to. These Bracers take jobs at the guild job board and complete them. There are main Story jobs and then Minor jobs and quite a few at that! Its nice to have side quests more directed and meaningful, imo. The more jobs you complete the higher your guild rank increases and the better your rewards.All-in-all its a VERY solid JRPG with a great deal of humor but also isn't afraid to be serious. Most importantly, though, is its fun and addicting! This is most definitely one of the most in-depth and long JRPG stories you'll find, every NPC has many, many things to say as the story develops and you'll find yourself going back to them to see how they are responding to events and what changes they've undergone!"
,Recommended,251150,11518182,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Frozenblaze,for the belief!
76561198004642824,Recommended,251150,11532508,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Exphius,"Great game!!I never heard of the game before, but quite a hidden gem of a game."
76561198029522466,Recommended,251150,11493189,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Iz,"Like JRPG? You MUST try this one. It's THE BEST.It's SO good that I had to make a fan game for it. Trust me when you get later into the game, you'll find some childhool memories in there."
76561197994204564,Recommended,251150,11528842,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Gralamin,"A fun JRPG with tactical combat. Some interesting ideas on turn structure, and a lot of customization complexity. Characters are  cliche so far, but fit the story quite well, and are fun despite it."
76561197984572031,Recommended,251150,11479766,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,reagan_youth,"I bought this game for my Vita a while back, taking a chance on a JRPG I had never heard of.  I was glad I did as it turned out to be one of the best experiences for the Vita.  Now, we have a PC version.I'll keep this simple for those who do not want to read a lot of text.  This game is very text heavy, so if that is a turn off for you, then you may want to skip this title.  For those who like to read text (like me) then this is highly recommended.   The battle system is turn based, but there is a movement grid involved which adds some variety to your typical old school JRPG.  Once again, if you like this style, then you should like this, if not, you may want to keep moving.The story starts off a little boring, but it gets better the more the game moves forward.  That is not the main draw for me as I kept playing to see the characters.  That is what makes the story so great is how much you want to see how they react to a given situation.I will leave it at that as you can look at the screenshots for the game to see the graphics.  Just know that I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,251150,11481166,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Tali,Amazing JRPG with many ties to classic good rpgs of old. If you loved FF6 FF9 Crono series and xenogears your going to love this depth good characters deep plot long game play its got everything a rpg nerd could ever want
76561198017868697,Recommended,251150,11533245,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Baka Master,"I would agree with other comments we all* want more JRPGs, this one is not bad with just a few hours I havent experienced the bugs that other are crying out. Regarding gameplay is easy, entertaining and most of all engaging. Somehow I find it hard to stop. Good enough for me and I am enjoying this game which is the important thing (for me at least)."
,Recommended,251150,11488290,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Des,F0r all th0se p3ople that are cr4shing pls1. Disable High resolution font2. Disable vertex in the config3. hueh4h4hue
,Recommended,251150,11489791,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,devilmaycare34,"I can't say no to the actual game since it's a great game and it does run on windows 7. If you have issues running the game you need to set both config and the main exe as administrator rights. On Windows 8.1 however, which xseed says in compatible (and I have dual boot) it won't open at all. I've compatibilitied it, set it as admin rights, lowered the res, the textures and I have no idea what's up so if I were you I'd wait a little before buying it."
,Recommended,251150,11520267,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Kirby,"Great game, very nice plot and a very detailed world! I don't have any crashes, which many report. On top of that it turned out very easy to replace a battle theme song, so now I am just enjoying it and looking forward for the second part of this game :)"
76561198010104101,Recommended,251150,11513734,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Icarian,"I have to say I was a bit skeptical of this game due to only playing moblie JRPGs before. But man, this is fantastic. It's funny in all the right places, the movement is fast travelling is fluid. Turn based combat is interesting enough to keep you engaged. And the story is very good. The price tag is a bit high, but I definately will get my entertainment out of it. Highly Recommend!"
76561198091304696,Recommended,251150,11531898,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Miklik,"At the time that I'm writing this review, there are a total of 6 negative reviews out of a total of 148 reviews. That means you have roughly a 96% chance of enjoying this game.Even without the math, this is definitely one of the best RPG's I've ever played."
,Recommended,251150,11537959,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BestBear,"This is by far one of the best JRPG you will ever play in your life.Amazing developemnt, and Party members you actually care about.It is a JRPG fan must play game."
,Recommended,251150,11479450,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Elf,Blue trees. '_>'...
,Recommended,251150,11487217,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ちはやふる✦ ✧,"Great Game, and a great series."
76561198030978104,Recommended,251150,11500807,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"So far if you are a fan of JRPG's this game is very enjoyable. Combat is pretty easy, straightforward, but also maintains an element of strategy. Story is enjoyable for me personally. I would not recommend using a controller with this game, using keyboard and mouse is much easier and less clunky compared to the controller support. I am happy to see more and more JRPG's being added to Steam and I hope to see more big JRPG title be added such as the Tales series, Kingdom Hearts, and more Final Fantasies. I highly recommend this, 8/10"
,Recommended,251150,11500973,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,tas0gare,"An excuse to listen to ""Whereabouts of the Stars.""...also treasure chests give awesome one-liners! :D"
76561198148029523,Recommended,251150,11526970,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ElderNoSpace,A pretty good game but so much talking and talkingcombat good
76561198005342010,Recommended,251150,11534151,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Prismatic Bard,"For me it's been years since I've played a JRPG. As I've gotten older, my interests turned to dark, more serious RPGs, like the Elder Scrolls. However, I still decided to give The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky a try and I was impressed how much fun I've had in the short amount of time I've played. Trails brings back the old-school feel of console RPGs, while still embracing new game mechanics. The combat system, although simplistic, still carries a touch of complex customization to keep players interested.The story and the characters are instantly likeable, funny and charming in their overdramatic dialouge. For someone who grew up on Final Fantasy, the Tales series and who's first console RPG was Lunar, Trail's handling of characters sure brings back memories, while making new ones. But this review isn't carried solely on nostalgia. Trails stands on its own. The combat is smooth, even on an older laptop as mine and the framerate hasn't even been an issue. Playing it with a USB controller was instantly recognized, without any issue on my part to set buttons. Although I've yet to clock in ant double digit hours, I've throughly enjoyed everything about this game.I hope STEAM recognizes the flood of positive reviews for this game and works double-time to bring more JRPGs of this nature to us. If so, I'll buy it. For us older gamers, it's a nice break from the dark and gloomy RPGs, and to sit back, laugh and have fun in this light-hearted adventure."
,Recommended,251150,11481250,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,rmxpfan,"Yes, I am a long time avid fan for LOH series especially Trails series, own PSP imports upto Ao no Kiseki.The previous LOH games (Gargav triology for psp) localization was ruined by Bandai, but the Xseed (spiritual successor of Working Design for me) really did excellent job for the limited budget and staff they had. They are also working on the Second Chapter. Hope they would bring out the rest of series to the states.About game review? This particular series has very well written dialgoues and good story progress pacing, and grandia-esque turnbased battle system, side quests...pretty much perfect as far as JRPG goes. Only problem the new players will have to deal with is graphics, chibi style but with good world map realization with rich NPCs. Also the music is top notch by good ol falcom JDK, you can check'em out at youtube. I had to buy ths one just for the sake of the future series release."
,Recommended,251150,11488698,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ramza Beoulve,..
,Recommended,251150,13913203,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,OniMOOO,"This a is a Tried-and-True JRPG. BEAUTIFUL story that leaves you wanting for more. Classic turned based combat with plenty of insentive for strategy and not mindless attack,attack,attack every turn. Now with it's sequel lined up to be released Q1 2015 and the third installment in the works, the series looks like it will have a bright future for the american audience. You can easily have 100 plus hours of gameplay with the main story and plenty of side/hidden quests to boot.  I highly reccomend this game for anyone who is a fan of the JRPG genre and love for a story that will leave a lasting impression just like every extremely good anime you finished watching."
76561197980697028,Recommended,251150,11699607,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Death metal master,"I am an RPG fanatic.  Unfortunately, Steam has been absolutely plagued by mediocre RPG releases as of late with almost NO JRPGs available.  If you like real RPG games with an engaging story, excellent battle mechanics, and an expansive world, this game is definitely worth picking up.  I never write steam reviews and this game had me write one simply because I was so impressed.  This game is classic JRPG goodness at it's finest and you shouldnt let this one pass you by"
,Recommended,251150,13971225,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,claelinci,"I started playing this game back in PSP, and I must say, I don't regret re-buying it on Steam in the slightest. Nevertheless, my review shall cover things for those who haven't played the game yet.First, the story. If you don't mind slow-paced story in exchange forexcellentworld-building, then this game is for you. Why? Trails in the Sky takes it sweet time not only to develop its rich world and main characters, but also its truckload of NPCs. Each of them has their own story as well, making the game feels lively and vibrant.(Oh, and if you want stories with well-written female characters? Yes, this game is for you!)Second, the visual presentation. Falcom clearly put A LOT of love into the game's world and characters; see how detailed the character models are? The buildings? Those airships? The little road signs that you see along the way? One of the reasons why I don't regret replaying Trails in the Sky in PC is because of those small details, which help me to appreciate its world more.Next, the gameplay. The traditional turn-based/strategy mix fits the game's overall flow well; not too fast-paced, but also not to the point of being slow and boring. Also, despite its apparent simplicity, this game can easily kill you if you're tactless enough...which is something I learnt in REALLY hard way in a few of the boss fights. In addition, the sheer number of missable stuffs in this game gives good replay value.As for the soundtrack, I don't think there's anything to be said. It's Falcom, so it's bound to be awesome. ;)"
76561197996155532,Recommended,251150,11649202,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,TheSkrin,"Hands down the best JRPG currently on Steam. The pacing is what some might consider slow, but that's because this game takes the time necessary to world build. The NPCs all have personality and history, and they interact with your party using dialogue that adjusts to changing conditions and updates after every single new plot point. This means that every character feels alive and the world really feels like a place, such that I was genuinely a bit sad to leave the first town because I'd miss all the NPCs I grew to know there.As seen in the screenshots, combat is a grid-based affair with free movement, magic, skills, and things similar to limit breaks. New spells and skills are unlocked by freely combining some gems together for each character, which means you customize much of what each character can do. This aspect, and the general feel of the combat, reminds me most of Grandia. There's also a cooking system where you learn recipes and gather ingredients to make restorative items if you want."
76561198402031526,Recommended,251150,33449086,Posted: 10 July,all,雪漫居士,I have played this game for the third time.The story of the game is pretty good…
76561198047669191,Recommended,251150,19123894,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,SatelliteOfLove,"One of the sadder parts of video games is the lack of meeting games halfway and people putting their money where their mouths are. Trails in the Sky: First Chapter is one of those very special games that need both of those as, once you are one of those who can and will respectively, are rewarded very well.Trails FC is methodically paced, exacting, and defiantly true to its vision of the type of JRPG it is and is extremely strong for it. Dialog, world-building, characterization, theming, music, art paint the game splendidly as being as big as a nation yet as small as those little moments in Estelle and Joshua's journey. It's rare to get a writing crew that just lets characters talk and not only pull it off but use it to paint characters.The music is top-notch Soundteam_JDK quality, but more eclectic, experimental, and mellower than most are used to. Don't sleep on it!If you......want JRPGs ""like they used to be made""......like to rock out with JDK goodness......want your RPGs to have a believable, lived-in world to delve into......and lots of great characterization......you've found your next game(s)."
,Recommended,251150,15725640,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Harrison11106,"I remember playing this beauty years ago on the PSP & wishing that it had come to the console proper, I got my wish.The game a stars teen siblings Estelle & Joshua Bright, who have just graduated from the Bracers Guild (a pseudo mercenary company).  Their father, a senior in this organization has been called away & they are expected to carry the weight of some responsibilities sooner then expected.  While the story is somewhat typical Jrpg fare,  one of the things to note is that NPCs do tend to say slightly different things depending on when you speak to them, there's seldom cookie cutter responses.Combat, is both turn based & tactical. Once begun you can either move, attack, use Arts (magic), Crafts (special attacks), or trigger a unique & often powerful S-craft attack.  In the latter 3 cases there's a meter, magic costs a certain amount of points, while the Crafts meter is built up by either getting hit of hitting foes, S-Crafts have 2 tiers, at 100 you can do a certain amount of damage with it, but at 200 you can inflict a far more substantial amount of damage & is usually a 100% guaranteed hit on enemies.  While it's not necessarily one of those, ""easy to learn, tough to master"" type of things, there's a great deal of depth involved & no battle will be the same way twice simply based on how much you want to experiment in this. This also makes the inevitable level grinding less tedious then it otherwise would seem.I'm still hoping that we get the other 2 chapters."
,Recommended,251150,34825907,Posted: 8 September,all,HOLYONE,"amazing story that had evrything come nicely together  at the end for the sequeal, combat is very good i played on nightmare for that extra edge overall great game."
,Recommended,251150,14271353,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AtomSymbol,Good game.
,Recommended,251150,33499201,Posted: 13 July,all,Shuuzu,"Great Story and had so many Hidden things plot twist.and Leveling in this game is really hard, makes you cannot overpowered at certain times. usually at other games after you doing several side quest then follow the main story it make your heroes overpowered."
,Recommended,251150,14566590,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Top Nep,This is the Grandia fix I have been looking for ;_;
76561198033687710,Recommended,251150,11591322,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,kaneda1988,"pretty good so far as far as i'm played it, has a interesting story line if you are willing to sit they and read but besides that loved the game."
76561198074156359,Recommended,251150,11668735,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,jospehjack,Problems : 1. Way to many creatures explode when they die.2. Way to many creatures drain life as well. The fact that alot also cause a status makes grinding rough.3.  The Monster book doesnt do anything.Good Points: 1. The story is very involved and the Npc's are fairly Unique.2. Any of your toons can be any role at any time.
,Recommended,251150,22561073,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TheMountMaster,A-M-A-Z-I-N-G
76561198045182141,Recommended,251150,22655957,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Eduardo Emilio,"One of the best JRPGs I've ever played... Great characters, excellent storyline, nice battle system!!!"
76561198009376369,Recommended,251150,34372772,Posted: 20 August,all,Riotstar23,awesome story
,Recommended,251150,34331096,Posted: 18 August,all,Zorin,Would stop a military coup again. Now with turbo mode. #CrossbellWhen
,Recommended,251150,32895644,Posted: 27 June,all,navr00m,Uses fictional units of measure/10
76561197976029850,Recommended,251150,22751519,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Zack,One of the Best JRPGs
76561198293747793,Recommended,251150,22854229,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,mostardo_de,one of the best rpg i play good story and really nice character
,Recommended,251150,12001667,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Korbhag,"Only 7 hours in, I can already tell that this is one kickass JRPG! Also, save anywhere is awesome for people who may have to stop playing at anytime."
76561198076572532,Recommended,251150,18601125,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ahimaaz,"The history is great, full of details, every npc has a name, fun dialogs & scenes, fun and enjoyable characters, etc. Every thing has your pro and con this game isn't different, graphics may outdated but still good, has some codecs problems, some crashes happens even with all this problems the game still worth to play.I really recommend this,if you're fan of JRPG you'll really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,251150,18152893,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,-Doughboy,"Good game, can't wait for Second Chapter!"
,Recommended,251150,18907730,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Just buy it!!
,Recommended,251150,17828319,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Skitteh,"Very enjoyable JRPGs I've ever played in a looooooonnngg time.If you are like me and like cheesy storys and all around charming characters, then this is the game for you.I found it personally easy to get involved with the characters and the story.Very adorable, puts a smile on my face everytime the characters speak to one another.The gameplay is pretty fun to, it's turn base AOE styled fighting. (really wish I could explain it better)"
,Recommended,251150,16529673,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,.Crabclaw,"Probably the best worldbuilding in any game I've ever played.Great music and a solid story that is very character-driven as opposed to more modern titles in the RPG market.Good gameplay.I personally like the graphics but I can't deny that they are dated.I know it's a bit cliche to praise the story and characters of a lesser known title like this, especially when that is followed up by the usual ""don't mind the dated graphics and gameplay"". But I honestly believe that if you approach this game with an open mind, that it has the potential to stay with you for the rest of your life. Take that as you will, I'm just saying it as one internet stranger to another."
76561198045514618,Recommended,251150,14107414,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,NobleFlare,"Where to start? Trails in the sky is a gem of a JRPG. The characters are great and 3 dimensional and each gets their own share of the spotlight and character development. The combat, though a little strange at first, is easy to understand but harder to fully master.The game is broken up into five segments  each segment has their own little story with a bigger story unravaling as each segment becomes completed. This keeps the story from becoming stale and as mentioned before gives each character time to shine.If you are craving a big RPG like I sometimes do, then look no further than The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky. You will enjoy the ride and look forward to the english release of the second chapter scheduled to come sometime in 2015."
76561197999839741,Recommended,251150,14124727,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Victim,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky - A Story Driven Tactics RPGSo I'm going to cut to the chase, I really love this game. If you enjoy a good story that evolves as it progresses and can handle somewhat basic battle systems, you will enjoy this game.This game originally came out back in 2006 and recently was moved to Steam. So its to be expected the graphics are not the best, but it was charming. However, the story told through these graphics is very awesome.At first you might see the story as fairly clean and friendly, but it becomes more and more rich as the game goes on. You meet new characters, unravel plenty of mysteries and the ending is a giant tease.As for gameplay, the game play much like any tactics style RPG. Though despite similarities, it still manages to stay refreshing. The biggest downside is that it pretty much relys on its elemental resistances and main attack vs magic attack and doesn't get any more challenging. They do however, use this system to create some fairly difficult battles in the later part of the game.I apologize for this review being much smaller than my others, but I was putting off writing this and decided I would just get it out there to let the world know how awesome this game is.Verdict (1 meaning the worst, 5 being par and 10 being the best): I give this game a 7. I wanted to give it a 9 because I personally enjoyed the game a lot, however, its an older game in a newer market. Awesome soundtrack too btw."
76561198054592314,Recommended,251150,13763808,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ashton,"This game is one of the best rpg I have ever played. Attaching characters, a lot of NPC, a very interesting story with subplots, politics, treasons, occult, mysteries and secrets... I highly recommend it =)"
76561198024402137,Recommended,251150,13929100,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[6Fu] meanduck,"Fantastic game, immersive. I always like games with a good story and solid gameplay to suck you in for many hours. Characters are very well developed, art and music fits the style. Now and then challenging fights. I am waiting for the next installments and i can recommend it! The more we buy it, the more of these fantastic JRPG's  are coming to Europe."
,Recommended,251150,15671711,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Obviousguy,"I have just finished my first playthrough of the game after about 50 hours of play time. I think that I'm now qualified to give this gem the review it deserves!Games like The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky are certainly a rarity nowadays. Games that are story rich, character rich and driven by the characters as well as the story are very, very rare. This game's story is interesting, the characters are cool and very likable and they are BELIEVABLE. They aren't just NPCs along for the ride, they are dynamic, they change throughout the game.As for the gameplay itself, it's amazing. Haven't seen great handling like this since Dragon Quest IX: Sentinels of the Starry Skies. The graphics aren't the greatest, but the gameplay more than compensates for that.The battle sequences give me a good bit of nostalgia and remind me of all the great turn based JRPGs that I used to play on the Nintendo DS years ago. There are also main story quests as well as side quests.This game is no cake walk. You will die a lot if you aren't careful. Make sure you stock up on healing items! Also (for later in the game) make sure you buy EP Charges, as enemies later in the game have the ability to drain your EP.Grinding is not really a big part of the game, but I would certainly recommend it. When in a new area where the monsters are challenging and yield a good amount of XP or Sepith, I suggest you stay and fight them until you level up a few times. This is just to make sure that future boss battles are a ittle less of a kick in the pants.There are plenty of monsters in the game (not to mention a bestiary) and there's a good variety as well. There are also lots of items in the game, and some items are only attainable from certain areas, so make sure you look through an area loot up treasure chests!The boss monsters in the game are very well done! They are punishing, but not impossiblely difficult. There is ONE boss that I can think of that is pretty hard (not going to spoil it) but if you think about it, you'll know what to do when you come to it.The soundtrack is also very well done and it's unique to the game.THAT FINAL BOSS THEME THOUGH!Lastly, the final boss. The final boss is very, very difficult. Perhaps the most difficult final boss I've ever faced in any JRPG I've ever played. The only final boss in another game I can think of that measures up to it is Corvus from Dragon Quest IX: Sentinels of the Starry Skies. I died many times facing both if those bosses, so you can kind of understand where I'm coming from now.There's my review for one of the BEST JRPGs I have ever played. I highly recommend that you pick this title up, it is more than worth it!"
76561197992052933,Recommended,251150,13911240,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Northerner,"A simply excellent JRPG. Stylized for certain but for genre fans, a great game indeed."
,Recommended,251150,13802204,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rosky,"So far so good.This is just a 3/4 hours review.So to start off, do you remember the old jrpg like Final Fantasy 7?If you liked that, you will love this.The controlls are perfect, and by perfect i mean the camera angle is flawless, And so far i had no problems running it with an xbox 360 controller (wired).it supports more than 1920x1080, for me it goes even to 4k, (if intrested), Also the details in this game are mindblowing.i give this a 9/10 for doing a good job on the controlls, on how the game runs, for the graphic content and mostly for the gameplay."
,Recommended,251150,13838394,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dora,"I'm still only in the beginning of this game, but so far I love the characters. Setting is kinda cliche, but also kinda inverted. For instance, you actually have a living parent. :O Not only that, he's actually pretty damn bad♥♥♥♥♥and you play as his naive, but abrasive daughter. The combat system is also good, but also pretty brutal. There's no easy grind, and even in the starting areas you can get KO'ed easily. I like the leveling and magic system as well. So all in all: I am really enjoying this game so far!"
,Recommended,251150,13859891,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Latis,"This is a great jrpg that has great characters, story, mechanics and superb music.If you grew playing jprgs on snes and playstation and never got the chance to try this gem because how long it took to get a localization, just do yourself a favor and buy it. (And hope they get the other 2 chapters localized on your lifetime)."
,Recommended,251150,13542633,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chunchunmaru,uhh what can i say...this game THIS GAME TTTHHHIIIIISSSS GGGGAAAAMMMMMEEEEIS A MUST HAVEu dont know what u missing if u dont buy it and its on 50% sale what are u waiting for!!!
,Recommended,251150,14165671,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,lilangelx0x0,Amazing!
76561198050527285,Recommended,251150,14182441,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Thief,Good game
76561197969384301,Recommended,251150,15798990,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,HeLLfire,"Old School Jprg, with some decent mechanics. Combat does get a bit repetetive, and there are certain spells that are just so much better then anything else.Storyline in my opinion is pretty good, and altough there are no japanese voices, there are really very few voicefiles in the games, so you're not missing much there. Lots of text tough, but that's just the way i like it :)I can't comment much on the accuracy of the translation, but quality wise what's written feels like the game is originally english, so it's not just a direct translation, which in many\most cases would be bad.Now just waiting for the sequel to be translated and released :)"
76561198034093619,Recommended,251150,15050288,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Lux,"A classic JRPG that is solid from beginning to end, highly recommended!( Also, dont forget to check empty chests! )"
,Recommended,251150,14927220,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Zach,This game is amazing. I love it so much.
,Recommended,251150,21842737,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,EatDatPussy445,i love weeaboo games and this one is no exception
76561198057457161,Recommended,251150,21781982,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Storm007,"Good combat, even better story. Buy it and enjoy."
,Recommended,251150,14805556,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Tomato,This game is worth your money.
,Recommended,251150,15441693,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,dMCoKAKA,"JRPG with engaging characters and thrilling story, sure feels a bit generic/typical but the game executes it perfectly. I'd just buy it for Agate though, he's a legend, nuff said."
,Recommended,251150,19026306,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,vladkornea,"A pleasant game with a solid plot. Recommended for both kids and adults. As an adult, I was delighted by the absence of contrivances in both the plot and the quests; the game feels fresh--at times it seems to revel in it. A kid might benefit from seeing the utter normality of the game world--you talk to random people and hear a couple of lines about their problems; for example, a man talks about how much he loves fishing, and his wife complains about how her husband is never home; or a dock worker says that his boss is tough but fair, meanwhile the boss is stressed about some problem running the docks. It all feel very normal, as if you're a child systematically being shown: this is how people deal with the world. The protagonists are modest to a fault (one of the game's characters even chides them for it), but I suppose there are worse examples to set."
,Recommended,251150,17877914,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sharon Kreuger,"Great story, great JRPG overall, can't wait for the second chapter."
,Recommended,251150,21267099,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Velvet 벨벳,very good game
,Recommended,251150,16262176,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,jacquetrahan88,"very fun game.magic system is cool. mis match orbs for different magic abilities.con:they talk WAY to much.....i cant stand it sometime and quit just for this reason. i get it its for kids but man just shut up ya know?other than that i like it. ill play it again to get all trophies, but sense i havent beat it yet i read/skim most of it to get the story."
,Recommended,251150,28508426,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mashiro Shiina,"-play-""nice battle system""-play-""hmm.. interesting story""-play-""whoa it's a good game!""-play till end of the game-"".....this...is.... MASTERPIECE!!!!""-buy second chapter"
76561198214042563,Recommended,251150,25741233,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,"xXcaliburXx -.-""",Best storyline and that game keep interesting from time to time.
76561198063950579,Recommended,251150,29671740,Posted: 3 February,all,Teehee,This JRPG game is soooooo good~~~~~~~~~~
,Recommended,251150,18875406,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,GusDeCooL,"From the first 15 minutes playing this game, i already have good feeling about this game. This is how RPG should be, like the way played it common oldies game in super nintendo, PSX and so on.I will not spoil much this game story. as you should enjoy the story yourself.What i can give you is:+ music+ turn based battle system+ unique battle mechanical, even thought this is turn based simple attack, you need to mind the real distance of enemies+ unique material slot for magic (if you familiar with FF7)+ unique limit break (if you familiar with FF series)I got this game on sale price but this game WORTH AT FULL PRICE!!!"
,Recommended,251150,21994205,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Trails of Woke Steel,i guess this is a spoiler?cool if you're into that whole step-brother/sister incest thing
,Recommended,251150,31800347,Posted: 17 May,all,paciVista,"Nice plot, great story, unique orbment system. I think that this game is underrated by most of people becuz whenthey saw the screenshot it's look like final fantasy IV."
,Recommended,251150,31978465,Posted: 26 May,all,ZeroArms,Ahhh trails in the sky. If you're someone who still appreciates jrpgs and turn based combat then this is very worth checking out. Graphics are not the strong point here but seeing as its a psp game really that can't be helped. However there can be no denying the amazing character development and great storyline/world to sink into. Sidequests actually have slight plot relevance and fights are generally fun with dungeons never dragging. All in all 9/10 a must buy
,Recommended,251150,19044288,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,PerilousPixie,im 19 hours in and im still in the gd prologue..
,Recommended,251150,18101990,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Jopat and Jopat,You'll buy a harmonica after this.
76561198035294703,Recommended,251150,14339593,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,PUPH3AD,Epic game nice story and good ending cant wait for sequal
76561198170719755,Recommended,251150,32258797,Posted: 7 June,all,bestsymuri,It's the beginning of the greatest legend in game universe. I can't reccomend it enough
,Recommended,251150,32232249,Posted: 6 June,all,Akane Tendo,This is one of the best JRPGs I've ever played.I play alot of JRPGs.Play it.Play.
,Recommended,251150,32149422,Posted: 3 June,all,BOT Paul,"play for 6 hours, still on prologue...."
,Recommended,251150,31854525,Posted: 19 May,all,Cerzel,"Trails in the Sky is a game with amazing writing and characters and completely unenjoyable and tedious combat. While I highly recommend the game for the former, I recommend using CheatEngine's speedup function to power through the latter."
,Recommended,251150,23897348,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Phaydie,Why is my present a BOY?!?!?
,Recommended,251150,33136756,Posted: 2 July,all,Kclack,"Picked this up for a couple bucks during the Summer Sale. It's fantastic. Great story, fun tactical fights, and so much nostalgia for the old-school JRPG (FF 3-7, Breath of Fire, etc...). So happy there are three full games in this series."
,Recommended,251150,30587109,Posted: 18 March,all,Soranin,"This is part of a trilogy; so I'll try to keep it contained to Trails in the Sky First Chapter. The game is really really short, even with 100% quest completion. It is only about 20 hours of game play total. However, it has a good lead into two.The story is simple and focuses on Estelle and Joshua, but there are a lot of things happening in the background that the player should keep in mind because it comes up in later games, and across the Legend of Heroes series. FC really sets you up to throw you into Second Chapter (SC).I really enjoyed the character development of Estelle and Joshua though!The battle system is turn-based and really balanced. The Trails series is known as an arts (spells) game, but I honestly powered through all three games of the Trails series with a glass cannon comp.Easy to use, and really nice throw back for people who enjoyed turn based games.The battle system is old, and a little annoying becuase you can't speed up, and skip. However this game is not really farm intensive.The art isn't the best, but it's not a deal breaker! (The artist got insanely good for the third cover for some reason lol, and Third swapped out the in-game art). I didn't feel as if the art detracted from the game.I would say this game has a really really great soundtrack. The songs are pretty catchy, and well-suited for the environment and game in general. I think it added a really enjoyable dimension to the game. Gin no Ishi, Kin no Tsubasa has easily become one of my favorite friends, and makes me really emotional still..I say give this series a chance if you felt a little hesitant about FC, you won't be disappointed at how well-developed the story becomes."
76561198091626323,Recommended,251150,28330847,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,turkeyroastbig,THE FREAKING BOSSES NEED TO STOP REVIVING THE OTHER BOSSES OMG IF YOU FREAKING MUTE ME AGAIN I WILL KILL 75 YOUNG CHILDREN. Great RPG with some anoying bosses 7.5/10 not enough water
,Recommended,251150,16906409,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Sugoiben,"I've never written a review for a Steam game. But I felt compelled to expound on how much I enjoyed this one.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is a great old-school JRPG with a well crafted world and characters that you'll come to know well, and hopefully enjoy as much as I did. The settings are bucolic, quaint and completely charming. The sky is always blue and your heroes are likeable, funny, and surprisingly realistic. It's just all so wholesome and fun. I ran through sixty hours of game time in about a week because I couldn't put this down.If you're a veteran of JRPGs, this will be very familiar territory. It's all a bit cliche, but the world building and story are so very well done that it's still enjoyable. Be warned that at least half of the game is simply spent reading dialog. Gameplay wise there isn't much to this. It's pretty basic JRPG style battles. The battle system is good though. I didn't feel like I had to grind to keep up. Enemies can sometimes be avoided when you just want to get on with it. There isn't anything revolutionary about the battles. I never found anything particularly challenging, but that wasn't what I was here for either.It was the charming characters and storyline that kept me coming back. There is always just enough foreshadowing to keep you hooked to see what happens next, even though you've probably guessed exactly what it will be. Going through the motions is still fun. I kept waiting for that moment, as there are in so many JRPGs, when the story would go from making sense to suddenly everything is wacky sci-fi-fantasy-weirdness. There are twists and turns, and of course heightened stakes, but things never go completely out of this world. It stays pretty grounded for the most part.If you're looking for just gameplay and action or difficult fights, you might find this a bit weak. But if you want a really well crafted world, fun characters and some solid enough JRPG fights to tie it all together check this out. I know this sounds like super high praise, but the closest thing I can think of to compare this to is Chrono Trigger. And it compares really favorably.I'll avoid spoilers, but will just say that I'm eagerly anticipating the sequel, which allegedly has been long promised, but is finally due for release in Summer 2015. Hope more people become aware of this little gem, and pick both it and the sequel up so that XSeed keeps releasing this series on Steam."
76561197994729512,Recommended,251150,16902813,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,jaredmoreno,"Quality JRPG, which is a rare experience on the PC, worth the price of admission."
76561198160983859,Recommended,251150,16918796,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,willowmaker,amazing game. quite charming
76561198035367898,Recommended,251150,24990194,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,mu@,It's okay...
76561198012483766,Recommended,251150,13559951,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Eunike,"IF you like RPG's this is a pretty decent one to play, good story, game play is not to shabby.Be Prepared for alot of ROOOLLEE PLAYING!!!!!, lol, the most RP ive seen in some time. you can go a good hour of just store line chit chat which can lead to a bit of hair pulling.  But they do a decent job of keeping you engaged in the story so it is so bad.Out of 10 Large PizzasI give it s a soild 7.5 pizzas, NEVER FRENCH FRIES!"
76561198042216825,Recommended,251150,13903914,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,A_Single_Eagle,good
76561198036042497,Recommended,251150,17511470,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Yamori,"Decent story, pretty boring combat."
,Recommended,251150,17127673,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Karupin,"Slightly dated, cliche story but solid and fun jrpg...got it if its on sale for $5"
76561197973730768,Recommended,251150,13727203,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Superb Herb,"Only have about an hour or so in the game. Graphics and Music are great. The best part was playing the first hour tutorial, then finally, Finally, get out into the world with all my new learned skills. WOOOT!!Die during the first area and get sent back to load screen. No problem, I'll give it another try. OH WTF!?!?! During my hour long tutorial I must have missed the part about having to MANUALLY SAVE somewhere in the main menu. Thanks a lot. That might be more important to know then where to place ♥♥♥♥ing jewels in my gear.....Other than that it's AWESOME!!"
76561197976996217,Recommended,251150,13023693,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Solar Skater,"Dat ending doe!Seriously speaking, I give the game about a 7/10. It's definitely worth a play through if you are a fan of 90s JPRGs. There were pacing issues throughout, and I wasn't always certain if/when I should explore each tower in a region, resulting in me missing one of the towers. :-/I really enjoyed the character development and the story, but I grew to hate having to scour a town upwards of 7 times just to hear unique dialog from a random townsperson. I liked the attention to detail, but my OCD and the fact that there are so many easily missed quests and items made me always doubting if I had missed something."
76561198035760197,Recommended,251150,14124751,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Lindsey,"I really love this game. I prefer turn based games versus the more popular real time fighting styles, which makes it rather tricky to find a game that I like for pc, as I don't have a different gaming console.This game is much better than I thought it would be. I hadn't heard of it before, so didn't know its anime, or PSP renditions going in. The game is much more complicated than I anticipated (the prologue was a little confusing for me with the orbs, quartz, etc, when I was just reading through the explanations), but it quickly fell into place and was pretty straight forward. The heroine is a little annoying at times, but she is a sheltered, headstrong 16-year-old, and the other characters call her on it, and she is an interesting foil to Joshua, the male lead. As the game progresses, her behavior matures a bit, which is rather astonishing to have character development in a game like this.My only complaint about this game is to do with the conversations. THere are A LOT, and you can hold down a key to try and speed through the speech bubbles, but that doesn't help much. It gets annoying very fast, and very tedious, especially since there isn't a way to exit out of a conversation, and EVERY NPC has dialogue. In its sequels, I hope this is changed. Some chapters have so much dialogue, you have to take frequent breaks to not get frustrated (at least, I did).The game has replayability factor, is incredibly detailed, and the vernacular is great! There are allusions to sexuality, but it is not blatant, no boob armor, and the humor isn't overdone. It really is a very good game. I am tempted to get a console to play its sequels that have been released already in other mediums."
76561198197023550,Recommended,251150,34967154,Posted: 15 September,all,鲜果,We need Chinese verstion please!!!need Chinese version!Chinese version!Chinese!
,Recommended,251150,35024866,Posted: 17 September,all,Wusirizki,"Was looking for a good classic 90's style JRPG that give gooood memories like FF7 ,8 ,9 ,xenogears, Suikoden 2, legend of dragoon, etc, And found it here in this game!- Very good detailed story, make you understand each character and fell into the plot.The story and it plot twist is very slow though, but it enjoyable due to the fun scriptwriting,  (even NPC chat updated per new event!).- Wonderful visual, the animation, the colour, the city design map camera, etc, reminiscing xenogears! <3- good combat system and musicVery recommended Classic JRPG!"
76561198153624717,Recommended,251150,31288708,Posted: 21 April,all,Zeon08,It's just so good.
,Recommended,251150,31377107,Posted: 26 April,all,CustardToaster,"Great little rpg. It's not huge(then again it is like 10+ years old), but got plenty going for it. plays like FF:Tactics with a grid based system. Tempted to buy the sequel at full price, something that i very rarely do."
,Recommended,251150,20249285,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,медведь тигра,very good
,Recommended,251150,15331708,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,☢^☢J◌N☢^☢,"Great story, takes a while to get into it and it is fun game play with cute animations."
76561197985962419,Recommended,251150,13922779,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,mordecai,good!!!
,Recommended,251150,29509204,Posted: 26 January,all,Dirdle,An absolute masterpiece of the anti-grimdark (nicebright?) RPG meta-genre. Completely worthwhile.
,Recommended,251150,29489011,Posted: 25 January,all,Rambo First Blunt,Oldschool RPG with a ending i wasn't expecting.  Overall a good game.
76561198053721145,Recommended,251150,29409913,Posted: 21 January,all,AxelEvans,"Forget about the graphic, this is a masterpiece."
76561198060816497,Recommended,251150,34804698,Posted: 7 September,all,cmichael581,"I absolutely cannot reccomend this game enough. Trails in the Sky tells a tightly wound, engaging narrative and a vast amount of care and detail was put into fleshing out setting. It's filled with a cast of entertaining and charming characters, and even many of the background NPCs often have heartwarming or amusing story arcs that you can follow them through as you progress through the main quest. I had an absolute blast playing through the main story, and even went so far as to 100% the game by collecting every item, recipe, Quartz, and completing all of the side quests and hidden objectives.I personally really enjoyed the combat which, while simple early on, has some depth to it and necessitates a more strategic approach later in the game. Of special note: Recently 'Turbo' mode was added to the game, which can be activated at any time by simply holding the right trigger on a gamepad (I didn't play with mouse and keyboard, so I don't know the particular key for that set up.) It allows you to speed up your movement speed in the field and drastically speed up all animations and actions during combat. I found that the feature worked really well. It helps to cut down on time spent in fights, particularly if one feels so inclined as to grind for exp or sephith. If people are normally put off by JRPGs due to time investment, this is one particular feature that would help in that regard somewhat and which I hope may convince more people to give the game a try."
76561198042286378,Recommended,251150,34827897,Posted: 8 September,all,Gilnyx,"Classic JPRG with amazing story. The battle is too slow for me but the turbo mode in the latest patch really saves me the time.So if anyone wants an amazing story with classic JPRG system, one must try this game."
76561198037680270,Recommended,251150,14348663,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gixkung,GG
76561198041147808,Recommended,251150,27372356,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mattuni,One of my favourite games. Average graphics excellent world and amazing story.
76561198050666569,Recommended,251150,26154557,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ti-jo,If your looking for an affordable RPG with a nice long story is for you. The ratio playing time/price is pretty nice.
,Recommended,251150,26168044,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,GreenHippo,"This is the kind of old school JRPG that made JRPGs so popular back in the days. Tight and emotional story, punishing but rewarding boss battles, catchy tunes, colorful and memorable characters. If you say you like JRPG but haven't tried this game yet, then by all means, please try it."
76561197980745911,Recommended,251150,14389930,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Frozen_Thumbs,Just EPIC!
,Not Recommended,251150,33095327,Posted: 1 July,all,terry309,"30 hours in, where's the plot? Did someone forget to insert any plot points into the game... oh wait, 25 minutes later there's a plot... but then suddenly ""buy Legend Of Heroes Trails In The Sky SC""So basically they make you pay for the longest prologue I have ever seen in a JRPG. This game has quite possibly the worst pacing I have ever seen in a videogame period. The battles are so boring, the plot is so weak ""go to this cave and get some herb to heal this guy's wounds"".This happends literally 30 hours into the story. Aside from all this the rest of the game is fetch quest simulator with a boring combat system (seriously why do you need a grid? This isn't a strategy RPG!).The cast of characters are so lame, some of them are underdeveloped and absolutely bland, the rest are a bunch of dogooders who are so overly peppy and ""nice"" that it will make you feel sick. Look I know this is a JRPG and all... but can we at least have something interesting happen in this game!?This game loves to pan out as much as it can for the sake of gameplay. Almost every single dungeon exists for one reason, fetch quest fodder. Even some of the main story sections have ""fetch quest"" style sections, it's ridiculous. You expect better from an RPG that is praised as highly as this. On top of all this is an extra list of noticeboard quests given to you by the bracer guild.If you're looking for a solid RPG on steam, don't touch this, avoid it like the plague and pick up Grandia 2 Anniversarry Edition. Grandia 2 is the game that this game wants to be but fails simply because Grandia 2 actually has a well paced plot and an interesting story."
76561198027225997,Not Recommended,251150,24526516,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Synovia,"Pros:There's a really cool skill system in this game - the orbment and quartz system allows for a ton of different skill buildouts, and gives you some significant flexibility despite having a small party.The battle system is interesting, and combined with the orbment system, there's a lot of different ways you can fight. You can have a party that is slow, but hits like a truck, or a party that dances around dropping status effects and delaying the enemy.Cons:The dialog is SOOOOOOOO tedious. The characters never stop talking, and very rarely have anything interesting to say - its like every conversation is 5 or 6 dialog boxes longer than it should be, and over the course of a game with dozens and dozens of quests - that gets super tedious.The game's quests are heavily structured, and don't allow you to shortcut anything - if someone asks you to nail two boards together,  you need to go find the npc with the hammer, go back to the quest giver npc, he'll tell you ""oh, you need a hammer"", go back to hammer-guy, get your hammer, then repeat all the same steps to get the nail. You can't just say ""I need a hammer and nail"" and go talk to the hammer guy, nail guy, and then come back with both. There's a ton of time just walking back and forth and that's not a lot of fun.The game has a 'bounty' system, and rewards you for doing these little bounty quests - they expire quickly as the story moves forward though, which always agravates me and reminds me that I'm playing a game, not involved in some sort of epic quest - Pirates are about to kill the mayor's daughter, but I'm gonna run halfway across the continent to fetch a magic lantern that some random wizard needs because the quest will be gone if I save the daughter - she's okay to wait.There's a really good 15-20 hr game in there somewhere, but the problem is that its going to take you 50+ hrs to play. There's way too much filler, and frankly, the game doesn't respect the gamer's time."
76561198061108911,Not Recommended,251150,34940263,Posted: 13 September,all,dataseer21,I have to say no.  Not because of the writing which is great.  No because it requires soooo much grinding to get to the next area.  I played for 10 hours and still I was no where near the level required in an area that I was stuck in.  I couldn't get out and basically my game was ruined.  I know weird reason to dislike a game but I'm not going to put in 100 hours of just solid grinding for no reason.
76561197997771568,Recommended,251150,11487665,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,SwagMasterBacon,this game is so dope.
,Recommended,251150,24743006,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"this is a nice game to own here is why i said that1) Ragnarok oNLINE sprite2) good story and nice soundtrack3) a solid port from ps vita or psp although the game is old4) you find a lot of things to do5) a nice challenging boss fightcons:1) no easy mode option you start with normal and the game scale to hard.2) no English Dubing so you need to read text like VN3) Force Quest with time completeion that is what i don't like a bout this game4) Joshua run away from home and the story continue if you own SC veroverrall this is a nice game to own if you enjoy legend of heroes series. and by far the best one i've play than trails of cold steel first and second game. Please do not mind the outdated graphics though,the story and gameplay is what matter most if you seek out a nice JRPG GAME. 8/10 would play again although it has it flaws."
,Recommended,251150,33484686,Posted: 12 July,all,demolish,trails to zero/azure when
,Recommended,251150,31469276,Posted: 30 April,all,Amigo do Serjão,"This game is a masterpiece, worldbuilding, characters, music, all perfect 10/10"
,Recommended,251150,22699824,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,лягушка папа,just buyno ragrets
76561197973083190,Recommended,251150,22754512,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Aloysius,Epic
,Recommended,251150,13612679,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lycion Streyder,"It's about time steam gets some old style RPGs, This ones pretty quirky but also a lot of fun"
,Recommended,251150,33182872,Posted: 3 July,all,本多 二代,Great game!!!finally u can play harvest moon game with rpg style lol!!
,Recommended,251150,28320336,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,janarah_caine,"For a jrpg I found this reminding me of the old ultima and final fantasy games.Game play is easy to understand and use.Graphics are pretty amazing.Combat and level scaling are just right.You do have to grind for money however, but given the type of game it is expected.No real bugs or problems to report.The story line is top notch.The only shame is that the producers of the game don't plan on continuing the rest of the series, so you are kind of left hanging at the end.They did sc, and that's it. Apparently their translation team costs them too much, but given that it took them over two years just to do the translation makes me wonder what kind of rag tag team they actually have.Update: as of march there is hope for the third installment. Of course, we will all still be waiting to see if they ever convert the cold steel series to pc, which is still doubtful. It's vastly more positive than their previous statements that relayed there wouldn't be a conversion of the rest of the series.Hopefully it will actually be out by spring of 2017, the last one took them several years. . ."
,Recommended,251150,12381710,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Tew,"I honestly really loved this game. It's a great PC Port, the mouse control is extremely welcome for moving your character. The story is brilliant, dialogue is funny and well written. The difficult is kind of meh, but the battle system is pretty enjoyable.It does sequel bait well where you feel satisfied but leaves enough plot threads that you want more. Took me 27 hours to beat and that was ignoring almost all the side-quests and optional dialogue. This is a bare minimum 50 hour 100% completion game.I don't know what the hell else you want in an RPG. Brilliant game, absolutely adored it."
,Recommended,251150,11556208,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,NOTHIN PERSONNEL KID,yeah
,Recommended,251150,28538799,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GuigaProblem,awesome game
,Recommended,251150,33374830,Posted: 8 July,all,SpaseMoonkey,"I was blown away at how great this game really was.  I beat it in 2 weekends,  would have been 1 if I didn't work.I enjoyed it once the ball started rolling and you started to get drawn to the characters themselves.  Then it became this adventure you wish would keep going to see how things played out.  It's been awhile since I've played a game that's been like this.I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants that old RPG feeling."
,Recommended,251150,21602340,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Übermensch,wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
76561198119003889,Recommended,251150,13613671,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Darkstone,I preferred playing the over visiting relatives for the Holiday Season.10/10 IGN
76561198185294973,Recommended,251150,34893579,Posted: 11 September,all,PandaZ,English translation is pretty bad. Need a chinese language package!
76561198062777845,Recommended,251150,30378592,Posted: 7 March,all,愛 Little Vampire-,very good story line and game play. loved it! would play it again. 11/10
,Recommended,251150,34247747,Posted: 14 August,all,draxnefiel,#MemeAlert
,Recommended,251150,23093553,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,2Real,I play this game when I need to fall asleep. Does the job real well!
76561198074067774,Recommended,251150,22838344,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Aristal,such a great game . i loved the story from begining to end .
,Recommended,251150,33509914,Posted: 13 July,all,Tapz81,A great JRPG!
,Recommended,251150,11487588,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,mkess,"If you want more translations of JRPG in Steam, buy this game. The second part is annonced for End of 2014.This game is fun, if you like (easy) tactic JRPGI started it, and I couldn't stop playing it for 7 hours. After seven hours, I barely made it through the prelude. The fighting system is a light version of some tactical Atlus games like Chaos Wars, and the magic system has a little bit from FF7 Materia system, except that you insert the ""Quartz"" into your character.The story so far is lighthearted, guild mission based, almost like Atelier Iris, except that you have to wander through a ""real"" land, without a timelimit.This is a real JRPG, a translation from the PS3 and Vita. These game were normaly not translated.  And the developer almost gave up, would they have not translated Y's for Steam.The downside, however are bugs. I had to deactivate the highdefinition fonts, due crashes in the menues. After deactivating them, the game runs very stable.I can recommend this game, because I started to search this morning for more games of this serie. This is a sure sign for me, that I liked it so much, I wanted to play more parts of it."
,Recommended,251150,13775430,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Architect,"This game definitly put an end  to 15 years of RPG hating, i deeply regret i couldn't buy the collector edition on psp when it was released on. I do hope that dispite the localisation problems you'll be able to deliver the sequels ASAP, coz this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,251150,12007091,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,smenj,This game is proper good.
76561198138617629,Recommended,251150,33364264,Posted: 7 July,all,CrazedProphet,Right in the middle of playthrough so far great game only downside hate the female lead
,Recommended,251150,13604679,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rleir,Did some quests for 3 hours then suddenly client closes for no reason at all then realized I forgot to save10/10 Would do quest again
,Recommended,251150,34759912,Posted: 5 September,all,KareemKubed,it's an OK game.
76561198156575390,Recommended,251150,33478400,Posted: 12 July,all,Young Bucks,Great game
76561198072418980,Recommended,251150,34723169,Posted: 3 September,all,MintyMc,GUD GAME
,Recommended,251150,23372572,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
,Recommended,251150,24638007,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mohsin,Enter key simulator
,Recommended,251150,14352973,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,Hint: Left-Click to skip through hours of boring dialogue.
76561198138362895,Recommended,251150,11546937,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,rwyoung7024,Walk and talk.  Walk and talk.  The worest game I ever purchased.  Want my money back.
,Recommended,251150,34804273,Posted: 7 September,all,DarkRookie,Recommend
,Recommended,251150,27136992,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☼ Night|Laz,"Great story, great anime..."
76561197970323468,Recommended,251150,20590387,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ticktock1231,"This is a great game.  It does have some issues though, but they are easy to overcome or work through.PRO:Camera can move to show any hidden areasThe story (so far) is not the normal ""someone died now you have to avenge them""Lots of side missionsMonsters come back, that makes it easy to grind if you need anything.Con:No fast travel that I can see and the monsters comeback after you leave the area.  this makes walking back to town long.You burn through your magic power fast and with not much money in the game it is hard to stay ontop of it.In the first mission there is a place to rest and refill everyting, but this doesn't exist any where else i can seeOne that is in both is that during battle the mouse auto moves to the last thing you selected.  If you are not careful and you click attack you can attack blank space, meaning your person moves to that location and you lose a turn."
,Not Recommended,251150,22698201,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,anti-magic,"If you're looking for a cute 2D JRPG with a mini-sphere grid-esque ability system, turn-based tile combat and goofy dialogue then Trails in the Sky is right up your alley.Personally I cannot bear myself to push through another minute of this game. The combat is pretty tedious due to the long animations, and more often than not you will just resort to letting the dimwitted AI pile into an AoE spell you set up in front of your characters.Despite the dialogue sometimes being genuinely funny and intriguing, the plot and main/minor characters are terribly cliche. The side characters in particular are boring archetypes vomitting out tired lines from any generic B-list anime you could think of.Unless you can find some way to get invested in the stagnant puddle deep plot, Trails is a complete and utter slog of a game."
76561197973589694,Recommended,251150,12042775,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,MightyFox,"Why are you still down here reading reveiws? Go click that buy button.Still down here? You say you want an ACTUAL reveiw? Well, okay. The games good. Real good compared to the standard of most 2D JRPGs released these days (granted this is an older game, but if you've never played it before then it's new to you).What? You're STILL here? Fine. The music is very good with most of the town and important event scenes all different renditions of the same theme. You think that's boring? Well it's not. The battle music also changes depending on how well your doing. The art style still holds strong despite something called 3D graphics or some such other being all the rage these days. The game is challenging, but not too difficult, and you can increase the difficulty after you beat the game. The characters are genuinely interesting and make you want to keep playing to find out what happens to them. The story, well, it shares elements from other stories yes, but what story dosn't these days? Despite that, its still fun, keeps you guessing, has a good touch of humor, and a lot of emotion. A breath of fresh air from an industry inundated with shovelware and first person shooter/clubber/e'splore titles."
76561198000318945,Recommended,251150,13605219,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Trrcn,"I'm going to recommend this game not for what it is, but for what it allows you to do.  It allows you to live through the very first parts of Falcom's *new* Legend of Heores universe that spans 4 countries and  a long interesting backstory which one slowly explores through the (so far) 7 games of the franchise.   In this title you play as Estelle who is journeying around the Liberal kingdom to first become a bracer when the plot thickens and she is then  involved in a big movment concerning her and her newfound friends family.   It's all typical JRPG fare of leveling and grinding, reading alot of text, and inputing commands to do battle.We all know that part though, this is an old game which MANY sequel thus far, so how about we discuss the actual impression one gets whilst playing.THIS GAME IS BORINGMake no mistake in an any way about it, this game is the most boring JRPG you can imagine but you *have* to play through it to get alot of parts in Second Chapter, which is a very not boring game. The music is BORING, the characers are BORING, the dungeons are BORING, the skill system is BORING, the weapons are BORING.  If you want to play an exciting JRPG like Tales of or Wild Arms this is not for you at all.  It's just the primer to Legend of Heroes 6, 7, and 8.You'd expect me to talk about how good the port is at this point, but too bad.  This isn't a port- this was always a PC game and it made its way to PSP and back again through the mixed up world of loclization.  That being said it's smooth and easy to customize to your liking and optimized very well also.There's not too much else to say.  Get it if you want to exprience the first part of the new Legend of Heroes, but not if you want to have a blast."
,Not Recommended,251150,30736665,Posted: 25 March,all,Ksempac,"Some of the reviewers in the ""positive"" section must be confusing ""story-heavy"" with ""dialog-heavy"". ""Story-heavy"" implies a deep scenario, with surprising events and/or deep characters. ""Dialog-heavy"" is...basically Trails in the Sky. An insane amount of dialogs, most of it pointless, useless and poorly written, a complete waste of time.Any cut-scene (and there are maaaaaany, and they are looooong), is just an opportunity to show that Estelle, the first protagonist, is a klutz, but it's OK because Joshua, the second protagonist, knows she means well and anyway he is in love with her and everybody can see it except her. And that kind of scenes will repeat over and over. Hints of deeper mysteries in the story are dropped...except i should say it's carpet bombed because hints are dropped that ""oh my god Joshua has a dark past"" and ""oh my god Estelle's Dad probably did stuff she doesn't know during the great War"" every 5 min, and in a way that is as unsubtle as what i just said. And theses few stories threads will repeat over and over again. (And they go on and on and on and on) (Oh and they repeat themselves) (like, they repeat themselves a lot...) (...and often)That all could be excused if the gameplay was interesting. But once again, Trails in the Sky is a massive disappointment. The combat is too easy, too repetitive, and overall uninteresting. The combat system is in a grid, which would suggest some deep tactical movements etc ? Nope, movements are automatic, you pick an enemy, and your character moves automatically toward them. Repositioning yourself is a waste of your time since it skips your turn and the enemy will be back on to you very soon anyway. So you are basically stuck with either basic weapon attacks, or a few different ways to do magic / special attacks, that mostly amounts to ""spam damage"" because the game is so easy it's not worth trying to be subtle in how you play.Not only are you overpowered, with the unique ability of being able to attack multiple times before the enemy but the AI is stupid, attacking your party at random (seriously, enemies will often decie to go around the party member in front of them with only 2 HP, and instead attack another of your characters that has tons of HP). So you get uninteresting, repetitive combat, all of that to get...boring dialogs, that goes on and on, repeating the same thing over and over again. (by the way Joshua is secretly in love with Estelle).The game frames itself as the apprenticeship of our 2 protagonists, who runs errands for others, getting their lost items, or fighting monsters...what a great opportunity to have fetch quests with mandatory steps along the way, lots of pointless backtracking, and others stupid decisions to pad unnecessarily the length of the game !...I mean that's what the devs must have been thinking. They must have done it on purpose. Nobody can write a quest that is ""first the player must talk to the village chief, go through 2 full screens of monsters, then they find their objective but the door of the mine is closed, so they must go back through the 2 screens full of monsters, talk to the village chief, have a long cutscene about something utterly irrelevant to the current situation, then the chief give them the key to the mine and they can go back to the 2 screens full of monsters and finally they reach and enter the mine"" and think ""I'm doing that because it's a sane way to do a quest, and not at all an excuse to pad the length of the game"". (hey I just saw Estelle saying something very stupid...She is a bit of a klutz isn't she ? hahaha, isn't she fun ?)There isn't much positive i can write about Trails, but at least if it has one redeeming quality, that's the graphics. Sure they now looks dated, but for its time, Trails was a large world full of very detailed graphics, that still hold their own to this day. So you will have the opportunity to notice all theses small details when a cutscene goes and on and on talking about things you already know and that many people have already told you and that you really need no reminder of but apparently if you keep adding more words to a text then that must mean that text is very deep and meaningful and it really explains better stuff that really needed no explanation in the first place.I will admit, I didn't finish this game. I gave up on Trails. This is not something I do lightly. I try as much as possible to finish the games I start, even the ones i don't like. But when I spend my time between skipping pointless dialogs, and utterly boring fights where i'm never in danger whatsoever, and all of that is to reach yet another very long cutscene which further the ""story"" of this game, usually in a way you already guessed far in advance because the whole thing is just a bunch of tropes and stereotypes....then it's just to much. After 18h, I'm giving up on Trails. And just to be sure I didn't miss some sort of deeper evolution, I checked a spoiler on the internet, i read the rest of the story...and it was pretty much what i guessed, because the hints are already so heavy, so obvious. I'm not gonna spoil it there but it is really not a good story. Yes i know Estelle is a klutz and Joshua loves her.I could go on and on, I could talk to you about the bad sountrack, the awful controle schemes (neiter keyboard nor gamepad are any good) or the fact this game is so poorly optimized it has several maps where its stuttter even on a recent computer....but i'm done wasting your time.If you thought this review was well written, full of humor, etc. maybe ""Trails in the Sky"" is for you. If you felt it was poorly written, repetitive, and not that interesting, then avoid the game, save 50h of your life, and sorry for wasting 5 min of it by consciously writing this review poorly."
76561197970786835,Recommended,251150,18744630,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Moe,+1
,Recommended,251150,30977296,Posted: 6 April,all,CupCupBaconBox,"This is a childish game for babies. ARE YOU A BABY? If you are, then you'll love this."
76561198024049516,Recommended,251150,30262807,Posted: 1 March,all,PKJASONKENNA,uhh my girlfriend wanted this... and my waifu......... ugh.
,Not Recommended,251150,20434169,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,cArchivist,"I wanted this game to be so much better than it was.I'm no stranger to JRPGs, and I picked this one up on a whim after seeing a lot of good reviews.  And they're mostly right; the things this game does well, it does EXTREMELY well.  The sound and art design are excellent.  Unfortunately, it doesn't have it where it counts: the gameplay.Battles occur on a tiled field with you at one end and enemies at the other, and you converge to do battle over each individual unit's turn, which can be irregularly spaced depending on the number of units and their relative stats.  That's all well and good, but the game also insists on implementing a randomized bonus system, where on certain turns, whoever is currently acting gets a free boost, be it bonus damage or free healing.  The problem is, there's only one way for the player to influence who gets these bonuses, and it's situational at best.  On Normal difficulty, this is probably permissible, but I went straight to Hard (and there's another one above that) and the game balance just wasn't there.On top of that, there are certain enemies who can just straight up kill you on their own -- and these are random encounter enemies.  Healing items are too expensive to rely on and healing spells take too long to use (this can be mitigated later, but it's still a significant problem).  Couple that with a clunky upgrade system, always having too few party members to handle a situation, and an obtuse mission system, and I find that I don't have any compelling reason to play it anymore.  I forced myself to pick this game up again after putting it down multiple times, but ultimately, I can't finish it, and it's one of a handful of purchases I actually regret.  I bailed for Dragon Age."
,Not Recommended,251150,20516053,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,MyFriendsAreTheItClown,"I'll post the tl;dr right at the top, this might be lengthy.tl;dr: If you have the mindset and intelligence of a 12 year old with 8 year old humor then you will absolutely love this game. Let's put it this way, if you remember playing games like Dragon Quest as a kid, loved them, and then played this you would get a nice feeling of nostalgia followed by pure boredom and realization of how mediocre this game really is.Now that that is out of the way, and although I REALLY, and I mean REALLY wanted this game for a long time (over a year, was waiting for a nice sale) I would love to recommend this game but I just can't. Hear me out on this I tried to like this game, and there are several aspects of this game I do thoroughly enjoy and find innovative. Please keep in mind that I spent a long time coming up with this decision and thought it through the whole time I was playing this game, these are opinions and are subject to vary from person to person. Seeing as how this game got such a high rating on Steam I couldn't resist to get this game. Honestly, the high rating is extremely exaggerated and is not a 92/100 (in terms of 92% of people recommend it) by any means.Pros:Innovative gear system (orbments, augmentation essentially) -I haven't played any games (if I can recall correctly) that use this system. Essentially you can 'augment' what they call ""quartz"" onto your party members and they each have their own buffs/boons but they can also build up to unlock extra 'art' moves ('arts' are their form of saying spells).Sadly, they take about two full turns to cast, one to set up and one to actually cast it.Extremely innovative combat mechanics -I was surprised with how they handled what happens when your party wipes. Most games just have a load previous save thing or retry and thats about it. Even though this game has this too, the 'retry' option actually nerfs the enemies you face (this can be seen as a con too for those who look for difficulty or strategic ways of winning) over time. Say in the first case you face an enemy and get instantly wiped out, the next time you attempt to face them the battle order may have changed (maybe your teammates go first to get a chance to do something before they do), you may get those special buffs that are so critical to a kill or win (I will explain that next), the enemies' damage is reduced and so is their defence and in the end just makes it so you can get by the battle. Every subsequent 'wipe' results in another nerf on the enemy.Combat buffs -During the combat phases you can see the enemy/friendly order on the left hand side of the screen and you may see those buffs and who gets them. This buff system is very helpful in dire situations and can determine life or death, easily. Whether it's HP Heal, CP Gain, Str Up, or Critical, etc. they always help your party, or your enemy. It is always fun trying to set the enemy back to lose their buff so your party gets it instead, especially when it's something you're looking for.Music-This is self explanatory but the soundtrack for the game is very engaging and relaxing, it does a very good job of putting you in the mood of the story or whatever sequence is going on. Put simply, they nailed the music to match the atmosphere.Now on to the 'neither pro or con' section:Main Story -Seeing as how most JRPGs go, this storyline they have is not awful but its not good either.You start out as Estelle Bright and aspire (with your 'brother' Joshua) to become senior bracers and be as tough as your father, recognized and respectable. Along the way you uncover conspiracies and corruption and your job as a bracer is to stop such 'evil' in the world, for example stopping the Sky Bandits from ransoming innocent civilians and grand theft of an airliner, stopping thieves from stealing precious gems, solving mysteries of arson, thefts, burglaries, etc..Side Quests -Most games make side quests that have either little or no character interaction, progression or reason behind it. In this game the side quests seem very put in place to help you progress and buy more upgrades or ingredients, etc. your party may need. Moreover, another reason they have side quests is to level up (at least most of the time) as you'll find your party under-leveled often if you don't do them or just pursue the main story. However, these quests actually do have cutscenes and dialogue, and character progression which is very nice to see developers put lots of time into even the side quests; I haven't seen this done much in almost any game. One irritating point about side quests is that they expire if you progress a little too far in the story. This sucks if you forget about side quests, not really a gripe though, it's expected.Cons:Dialogue/Cutscenes -This game has awful, absolutely awful dialogues and cutscenes. Even though almost everything is voiced over the dialogue, (they have some parts that are pure text) it is as if the writers are 10 years old. Their humor is the most laughable thing ever and is the last thing from funny. I suppose if you're 8 you would actually laugh and find most of the humor funny, other than that it's laughably pathetic.This wasn't a con to me but this game has a LOT of talking in it, so if dialogue is a turn off for a game then avoid this game.The animations themselves in the cutscenes seem so forced and unsmooth it's awkward at times. It's like watching a poorly animated school project video made for art class at times; for example, seeing an airliner move frame by frame and seemingly float in the air, completely out of place. I understand this game is a port and somewhat old, but other games from this time had better animations than this.Characters -You may think this is a weird con but let me explain. This is one of the worst aspects of the games, absolute worst. Before I make any statements on it, think back to when you were 13 years old and had 'great' ideas for video games that were RPGs and thought of these great characters, that's how these writers were. Take any Schwarzenegger film and you can apply the characters to his movies. Estelle is a complete dumbass, and is clear through the dialogue that she is as smart as a 6 year old or at least is severely mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the age of 16; however, she inherents the skill of using a stave like from her father. Estelle will irritate you beyond belief with her stupidity, the writers just try too hard to create comedic effect with this stupidity, mind you. Furthermore, she cannot pick up on innuendos, at all, like any other 6 year old kid. Remember that one kid in your class that you wish would just shut the ♥♥♥♥ up and if they didn't you would freak out? That's Estelle in a nutshell. Her character is shallow and easily predictable, like every other character in the game. Moving on to Joshua, he's not nearly as bad; however, he is just as predictable. He comes off as a secretive and depressed kid, or at least traumatized as a child (which he is). He is smart (in terms of this game at least, considering everybody has the logic and thought process of a 10 year old) and quick-witted and can decipher a crime scene with ease and pick up on trends or piece things together like any normal adult. He has his moments of depression that generally goes into a romantic cutscene with Estelle, with a kidish twist of silly humor and 'cheer me up' laughs and giggles. These 'Bracers' are 16, not 12 and going through puberty like middle school kids; however, that's how their romance progresses and is actually cringe-worthy if you think about this enough. Those are the two main characters that actually matter.I have no more space to write and finish this review, but either way I rate this 5/10."
76561198043777940,Not Recommended,251150,19225328,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Shiva,It was good enough for me to finish it but this game is too frustrating.The fight are slow and easy with tons of unskipable animation. I finished the game in 30 hours but the fights took at least 20 hours out of it. So slow it is a real pain.The story is also quite bad. You see the plot coming from miles away and cannot influence it.Why do all the boss I fight escape after they are defeated? The heroes were a bunch of incompetent.The characters are superficial. They act always the same which gets boring in the long run.
,Recommended,251150,12219554,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Monterossa,"Trails in the Sky is one of the best JRPGs for PC. It's an oldschool JRPG similar to the PS1 era but also comes with modern elements. It has good characters with unique personality, the story is interesting, the battle system allows you to move freely but that doesn't mean it's a strategy RPG, it's just a turn-based system that let you move your characters.This game is a must, if you love JRPG.+Characters+Story+Gameplay+Soundtracks+Replay value+Auto-save function-Control mapping (you may need a third party controller mapping software)-A lot of missable content (you need a good walktrought for 100% complete but the game is still fun without sidequests though)Score: 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,251150,31249806,Posted: 19 April,all,Xarai,"TLDR: Although it's not without its interesting features, I can't reccomend this game because its combat is boring, unrewarding, and at times, unfair. The story is also fairly generic and has too much needless dialogue.I'm playing it on hard. I'm an experienced RPG player, and I don't mind dying in a game when it's fair. In hard, there are fights that are plain unfair. The games combat turns works in a similar style to FF10, the turn order is displayed down the side of the screen, and if one character is fast enough, they can get two actions in the time someone else gets one. Using magic takes up two turns, but the time between those two turns is reduced.This is a small problem. You never know the turn order reliably, nor do you know more than one or two turns in advance.By far the most frustrating thing about this game is the levelling system. You start the game at level 3. Each enemy you kill gives you maybe 10 exp. By level 5, these enemies give you 1 exp. There is no reward for battling, and even though you are two levels higher than the enemy, they aren't THAT much easier to kill. You lose virtually all reward, but you may get hurt badly enough that you need to use some of your mana to heal, mana being a very limited and important resource. I understand why the game wants to limit the amount of experience you can get, but it ends up just making battles feel like a waste of time. I fought a boss in which my main character was 2-hit, obviously I tried desperately to revive her. I ran out of revives, so she ended the battle dead, meaning she would not get battle experience. The other party members got 7 exp each. 7 exp for a boss that could 2 hit me.Magic takes two turns, and your mana at the beginning is understandably limited. Unless an enemy is very weak to a specific type of magic, spells only do slightly less than double damage compared to basic attacks. Theorhetically, this would mean that there is no use for magic that isnt super effective against an enemy. The game devs must have thought of this, because they made basic attacks miss insultingly often, and made a few early enemies basically imune to physical damage. If you come against these kinds of enemies low on mana, you can't really do anything except run away.These are just two small issues. I would also like to highlight some cool aspects of the combat. After each fight, you get elemental gemstones. The element of the gemstones is determined by the enemy you fight, For example, a plant enemy may drop 2 water gems and two air gems. These gems can be either sold, collected into groups of 30, 50, etc to open new spell slots, or used to make new spells.This is fun and cool, but you are repeatedly fighting the same enemies, so I had about 240 earth gems, but only 7 fire gems. To open a new spell slot, you need 30, then 50, then 80 (continuously increasing amounts) of EACH KIND of gem. So to open the 3rd spell slot, I needed 50 earth and water and fire etc. It is exceedingly frustrating to have so many of one kind of gem, and so little of another, because it means you need to farm the first enemy you see over and over to get the fire gems.As for the story, many of the positive reviews state that the game has a great story and stuff like that. In the first 7-8 hours, the story is fairly generic, and I agree with one of the other negative reviews that say it isnt so much story heavy as it is dialogue heavy. You spend the first hour reading, but you learn very little from all of that time. There are also some very odd sequences of dialogue. For example, when a passed out kid is brought into your home, your father starts randomly talking about how ""auburn"" the passed out kids eyes are. Why do we need to know? We don't, and that sums up a fair bit of the early dialogue.This isn't an awful game, I've focused a lot on the negatives here, but those are the only things that really stand out. It's pretty generic, which is fine, but it isn't as good as it could be."
76561198007323868,Not Recommended,251150,22337966,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,nayolend,"Can't run, known issues, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,251150,15030685,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Zengineer,"Pros:- Well written dialogue that is believable and worth reading- If explored through NPCs, books, signs, etc, the player will find a fleshed out world- Rotating battle partners makes the game change pace periodically- Tactical-ish gameplay- An RPG story that is not cliche- No random battles. All enemies appear on screen ahead of time, most can be avoided, and some really difficult monster fights related to bracer guild requests will even warn you before you start the fight.The Bad:- The pacing of the story can be awkward and there are many sections filled with text bubble after text bubble- Slow battle animations. My play time would be way less if this game didn't load just about everything slowly. Movement in battle, attacks in battle, the battle splash screen, the victory screen, going from room to room, the story...- Unskippable animations and dialogue. This really bogs the game down, particularly if you have to replay a section or choose to during New Game+.- Grinding. Even with choosing to fight every monster I could find I still had to go back and grind a few times. Having the item that makes you invisible so you can get suprise attacks helps speed it up but grinding is still a big problem.- A very weak idea of what a ""tactical"" RPG is. All of the fights are in square arenas. If the player surprises the enemy or starts the battle normally the enemy will always be on one side and the heroes on the other. If the player is surprised the heroes are surrounded. Users can't move and act in the same turn so the ""tactics"" become picking which enemy to target with arts/magic in order to hit the maximum amount of enemies.I played this game until the very end. Despite the gameplay flaws I was compelled to finish it. It just isn't compelling enough to recommend."
76561198031190155,Not Recommended,251150,21432753,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Zenuge,"Like a visual novel, that let's you kill some monsters now and then."
76561198000965856,Not Recommended,251150,20195146,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Space Gravy,"Cookie cutter characters, poor characterization, a plot that doesn't develop until the last hour of gameplay, a slow combat system, poor enemy designs, and generic locations. These are just a few of the complaints I noted while playing The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky.The game feels like a B anime show, with mountains of unnecessary dialogue and attempts at humor that never really hit the mark. Character development feels very forced, and usually devolves to one character listing off their personality traits in a conversation.Most of your time with the game will be spent moving from town to town, solving problems that have only a passing link to the primary conflict. The storyline quests that the characters pursue have little to no bearing on the actual plot. In short, the game is mostly filler material, with plot development only occuring in the first and last few hours.The combat system isn't bad, but does drag on in certain fights. Animations can't be skipped in any way, so when battling groups of enemies the fights tend to drag on. The monsters you will encounter have no coherency with the locales of the world, and aren't threatening in the slightest. Most of the game is spent fighting squirrels, sheep, and bugs. The game's inhabitants are terrified of these creatures.If you're a big fan of JRPG tropes, stereotypes, and story beats, this might be what you're looking for. It was all just a little too predictable for me."
,Not Recommended,251150,21790197,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,unwaveringresolve,"This game highlights everything I do not like about JRPGs.* Pointless grinding for resources* Widely variable difficulty - bonus boss enemies can completely shred you while normal enemies in the same are no threat at all. The game can too easily cease to be a challenge if you go off the plotted line and gain too many levels by exploring areas you weren't meant to go to yet.* Despite nominal freedom of exploration, you can't return to places you've been to before after certain threshold points.* All of the female characters are, to some extent, contemptible. I am bone-tired of the plucky-yet-hapless rookie, the overt seductress, and every other archetype used for the leading women in this game.* Terrible waste of space. Many ""dungeons""  and wilderness areas are nothing more than long hallways with monsters in them that serve no purpose other than to delay your progress between plot points.Add to that a mechanic I question of the purpose of: most NPCs in hub areas have something new to say after any plot event. Normally, I'd call that good worldbuilding, but going around to talk to everyone every time something happens is one more thing that makes the game's pacing intolerably slow.Those 10.7 hours on my record are mostly what it took to finish the PROLOGUE."
,Not Recommended,251150,20063294,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tindog,"This game is short and broken. Endless dialog boxes, with no real story, and it's only half the game. The second half is call Second chapter, even though it should be named Second volume because the game is broken up into chapters. And the game is only 4 chapters long! Hours upon hours of spamming your way through text boxes with no consequences, to play next to zero game play, and the game doesn't resolve anything, just creates plot threads for future installments. No challenge, barley any boss battles, and a fraction of a game compared to better RPGs, such as the Dated FF7, and the epic Tales of Symphonia.  A total miss."
76561198025838564,Not Recommended,251150,22655477,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,cidgrad01,"Finally gave up on this game. I could forgive many of its flaws if it wasn't so BOOOOORING to play. It has literally put me to sleep five or six times.PROS:- The dated environments aren't completely terrible.- Some people may like the blurry sprite character models with no mouths.- Step brother & sister romanceCONS:- Combat- Endless text- Step brother & sister romance (sorry, I don't know how this got placed under pros, obviously belongs here)- Music- Combat- Story- Magic system- COMBATThe fighting is turn-based but nothing potentially strategic or cool works very well. It's also mind-numbingly boring.You have magic but it's a blatant rip-off of FF VII's materia system, where you put round colored things into your hoo-hoo dilly and gain powers. The original spin LoH put on it is to make those magic powers practically useless. You cannot cast any spells on the same turn and none of them seem to do much good anyway.As for the physical combat, it's annoying b/c each character can only move a certain number of spots per turn and hitting (or being hit) will cause targets to move. So you might have an enemy which can be killed in two hits and two of your characters are in range. Perfect, right? Not so much. One of them hits the enemy and, sadly, knocks it out of range of your other character which causes you to waste their turn moving toward the enemy while allowing the enemy to pull off an attack they otherwise wouldn't have.Or both of your characters simply MISS. Which happens. A lot. Missing is an integral part of this game, not just against strong enemies but even trash mobs. That's right, the same flying cats with bells you encounter in the very beginning will often taunt you as three characters in a row just miss them. Even when you don't whiff while trying to hit the trash, they still take an inordinate amount of turns to kill, including when you are vastly over-leveled and geared up.I should mention that you can buy materia, er-""orbments""! Sorry, orbments, which can decrease your casting time and increase your accuracy. These don't seem to work especially well, either, and also it's complete BS to have to waste magic slots on things that simply help make combat bearable.Surviving combat essentially comes down to being over-leveled and geared up. This means grinding levels & money, which sucks because as I've outlined above, the combat is terrible. And even when you are stronger than the enemies, the battles will still not be fun and take way too long.What about the story? Glad you asked: it's as stupid and uninteresting as the combat. Also, the text dialogue never ends and you can't skip it. They explain everything, EV-RY THING, about five times. Even the most minor of plot points have painful amounts of exposition to the point where the characters might as well look directly at you and say, ""I've been discussing in this conversation how my step sister is an incorrigible tom boy, which she gets from her father, and I am secretly in love with her.""The music is also pretty bad. Some of the town and overworld stuff is serviceable, but the battle music is cringe-worthy. This is especially true for the random battle music, which makes me laugh every time I hear it. I suppose that could be considered a plus.TL;DRThis is one of those games that's so boring it makes me stare at the wall and think about all the other ways I could be spending my time. As JRPG gamers, thoughtful introspection like this must be avoided at all cost since it could lead to exercise and social interaction. Avoid this game and play Kingdom Hearts again b/c Kyrie is hotter than the girls in LoH and she's not Sora's sister.3/10 Would not step-sister again."
,Not Recommended,251150,22128598,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,NXTGNMSTR,"OVERPRICED!It's an okay series; however, I got this for about 10 dollars.  The second part is around 30.  It's not even worth 10.  The visuals are nice, but the gameplay is just okay, what you would expect from a FF type RPG.  The dialogs are a little too long and the missions are not very clear from the get-go.  It doesn't feel too much of an open world but linear.  Also, the music is not great.  The world music is fine but the battle music is a little boring.I'm a hardcore RPG old school gamer, and I play the game, will do so until I finish it; I just don't recommend it for the price, no way, and don't go paying 30 USD for the Second Chapter (SC) part.  I hear this is a trilogy.  Wait for the price to drop to less than 10; if you really like it buy the 2nd and 3rd Chapters for less than 10, though.  That's my opinion."
76561198135892878,Not Recommended,251150,21759212,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,GrayFrost,"Missable achievements, boring characters, painfully long dialogs, too much RNG and the story isnt really that good5/10"
76561198078365647,Not Recommended,251150,23455988,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,handsomegrape,"It's impossible to skip cutscenes and dialogue, even if you've seen/read them before. That in itself is enough to warrant a thumbs down. Additionally, the game is full of meaningless grinding and padding. Fairly early on in the game, you arrive at a mine. Inside said mine you get to ride in a minecart, the minecart takes you to a dead end where you have to talk to a chap in order to learn to flip a lever, only I'm fairly certain I clicked that lever before going into the minecart but whatever, so then you go back, flip the lever, arrive at the elevator only to find out that the elevator needs a key. Go back to the starting point, go back to the dead end, talk to the chap again, learn that the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ knew about the elevator key yet neglected to mention it, get key, backtrack and finally go to the damn elevator!Now, this sounds like a fairly standard introduction to a boring rpg puzzle right? That's what I thought, yet on the next level of the mines, there are no minecart puzzles, let alone any minecarts, only a straightforward path. The whole section with the minecart was just a timesink to pad a lacking game. And pretty much every single side quest is like this too.And the difficulty level, now don't read this as something good, higher difficulty in this game does NOT mean, use strategies to prevail. No. The enemies just gets buffed way above their level, to the point where two hits will drain your life bar, and there's usually around 3-5 enemies in any given fight. You cannot play around this. Even on the lowest difficulty, grinding is unavoidable. Don't even bother choosing anything other than normal, it just increases the amount of grinding needed. I did, and I had to go back and suffer through the whole intro and yap yap yap non-stop dialogue one more time.Usually in rpgs you can avoid the vendor junk and hold out for the good loot in dungeons and secret chests. Not so here. There's no looting in town, I mean none. No secrets, plenty of dead ends though, but nothing, NOTHING, to justify such exploration. Really strange. And the loot found in dungeons are really, REALLY, sparse as well. So you grind to be able to buy the junk from the vendors, just so you can reach the next area, where your gear isn't so hot anymore anyways.The worst parts of jrpgs are all included in this game, if that's not your thing, stay away."
76561198043649625,Not Recommended,251150,21859597,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Aein-Redoak,I spent hours with a FAQ's and write up.  I got all the chapters  of the Carnelia Books.  I try to turn them in the coffee house and he just blabs nonsense.  It is so frustrating when you spend so much time finding books to run into bugs like this.  So many things are missable too.
76561198030595884,Not Recommended,251150,21494247,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Prime_Zero,"Im just not to sure about what to say about this game, I don't want to be completely negative about it because there are some great things about this game. And while I love RPG's. I found this one to feel kinda like a over priced rip off... The whole game just felt like a large prologue to me. It felt like there was so much more to explore, see, and learn of this world and so many deep things. I just don't see what all the excitement and love is over this game is, I won't say its the worst rpg I have played but its not going to be one of my favorites for sure....I guess I expected this game to grow more and do more than it did, but in the end it didn't. Perhaps the purpose was just to set up for the second chapter which I have yet to play. But I guess as a fan of rpg's I just found the game small and lacking in the end... I guess I felt cheated by the tiny world as your limited to moving around in one tiny kingdom, and a world filled with so much wonder and mystery you never really get to get deep enough into.. the whole game kinda felt like a tease to me......"
76561198022171635,Not Recommended,251150,19486087,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Grim13,"I want to love this game - I really do - because it's clear a ton of effort has been put into it. Unfortunately, several flaws have driven me to a negative review:* Clunky, ultra-repetitive combat system* Very poor PC / monster power pacing - combat ranges from the trivially easy (opten ""quest bosses"") to the impossible (wandering monsters, for some reason). I repeatedly found myself having to run away from every wandering monster I saw only to find out that the boss of the very same quest wasn't even a challenge. My character power, meanwhile, never seemed to go up to any significant degree, even though the monsters got stronger - eventually I hit a wall where a specific plot quest encounter was literally impossible and decided I wasn't about to backfarm for hours just to get past it.* Frustrating movement - it's not too bad if you're using the mouse, but if you're a keyboard mover like me, it's quite frustrating.If you're willing to look past these things - and willing to spend a lot of time grinding away at mobs just to level up - I'm sure you'll like this game. Unfortunately, I didn't."
,Not Recommended,251150,20409503,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,exceeder616,The story is boring as hell as if its written to appeal to young at female anime fans.  It is also way to easy.
76561198077188244,Not Recommended,251150,22308478,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Nasty Nate,"Truly and honestly, a terrible game. Wow this game is just awful. Painful even. Just... wow man."
,Not Recommended,251150,20239716,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,funnyaviavi,"BEWARE! This is only half a game. It really does ask you to play the next chapter to get any real story out of this.Combat is repetitive and can randomly fluctuate between extremely difficult to insultingly easy.Walls of text can make it hard to keep you interested in the comings and goings of this world. You spend more time reading about random character nonsense than anything that can actually matter to this story.It takes a good 30 hours before any of the storyline really begins and starts to look interesting. It has one of the slowest starts of any JRPG I have ever played and I played a lot of them.Characters can get a bit grating on your nerves since they never seem to stop talking.The gameplay has you go from town to town randomly wandering into trouble and saving everything. It gets old fast.This is not a game for anyone who is not okay with a very slow RPG. Even when it ramps up to faster speeds with the storyline, talking and wandering around is still slow. And the game never even really finishes.3/10 overall."
76561198019087662,Not Recommended,251150,21954812,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Nemesis,Nope.
76561198065505925,Not Recommended,251150,20464058,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,verbrannt,This game is awful.  Do not buy.
76561198044914667,Not Recommended,251150,25534536,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Gamermax,"The game runs terrible. It's a really bad port. I keep getting these nasty frame rate drops. Down to 15 frames at time. I have a 2,000 pc and it should be running way over 60 fps. I can tell sony didn't want to over shine the playstation. So far the game all looks fine, and the story from the little I have seen is fun, with a good battle system. However for the life of me I can get it to run right so I say avoid this one unless 15 frames is okay"
76561198058166176,Recommended,251150,29066817,Posted: 6 January,all,[DRGN] Spikedragoon,"an amazing game, nuff said"
76561198016885009,Not Recommended,251150,32963664,Posted: 28 June,all,nikaza,"The game crashes constantly, on a powerful and up to date machine. Even after trying all sorts of combinations for graphics options, I can't play the game."
,Not Recommended,251150,19892727,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,colnaghijr,"Way too much text and unstoppable dialogs to be a real fun.Gosh this could be way much better without that all.Be more like FFVI storyline, interesting but not this massive."
76561198072527670,Not Recommended,251150,24019800,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,carlsuch,"Is far too easy to miss good items and sidequests in this game with little or no warning of it, found that to be extremely frustrating repeated loading a previous save to do them"
76561198105888391,Not Recommended,251150,28473450,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,steelguy25,"The game is OK. Nothing special. Same old same old. The problem I have with the game is the lack of game play in it. I like grinding. But wandering around aimlessly for hours at a time going from NPC to NPC to proceed the story is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am at 37 hours and just got to chapter 3. Of that 37 hours I've spent maybe 3 hours actually fighting monsters. Literally 4 hours tops...Including grinding and all the side quests. (which are no more than walk to an area. find an item or enemy and bring back or kill) there is not any real surprise or any life to the game. just endless walking. the map direction is the worst because the screen can swivel and when you bring up the mini map it looks like you have to go north when in fact north might be walking south on your screen. Stupid and confusing at times. there are a few decent boss fights. (3 challenging ones so far) but for 37 hours of game play the anti climactic tone of the whole game is getting annoying. The end of chapter 2 there is no final fight. just hours of dialogue that is very badly written and one can only hope to button mash ""B"" to end the suffering. I'll play on and finish the game but unless there are awsome boss battles and many more enemy fights it will be a disappointment. Im not sure why everyone seems to like the game. The story isnt that great. The only mini game is fishing and you dont get to partake in that till over half way through and its not very fun. the leveling system is there but you dont choose any perks when you level... you just hear a ""Ding"" sound and your hero grow a little stronger. The magic system is the only real thing in this game with substance. but its not enough to hold your attention unless your are USING magic. eg: fighting and grinding. which did i mention there is very little of in the game. I really want to like it but I cant. I found my self skipping dialogue and wishing for fights most of the game... Buy it if its on sale and dont expect anything great.UPDATE: Chapter 3 ... I have to watch all of the arena battles even if im not fighting??? OMFG!!!!!!!!!!! SO STUPID!!!"
,Not Recommended,251150,34851406,Posted: 9 September,all,Aug,"Fun dialogue and likeable characters but at it's core, this game is simply boring.  The combat is simplistic, the quests are a bunch of go to A and kill this monster or collect this item.  Character customization is basically a simplistic and dumb copy of FF7's.  The main storyline develops tediously slowly, as you run from place to place with very little new information being revealed at each stop.  Looking at the other reviews, I can't possibly see myself sinking another 60 hours into something that has already become so tedious.//edit: Forgot to mention the technical issues getting the game to run since it's not really made with modern hardware in mind"
,Not Recommended,251150,17127987,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,adersonlm,Boring story until the last 5 minutes in the end. Gameplay very repetead and without challenge. The skill and arts system are really silly. It's a cute game with an overstimated score.
76561197993980160,Not Recommended,251150,31380003,Posted: 26 April,all,Bananiel,"This game sucks, so lets start with it's redeeming qualities.The combat is kinda fine. I played on hard, and the areas you visist basicly level caps you, wich i like, becasue the game gets more challenging. However, on hard at least, almoste all major fight comes down to you spamming magic on the boss, becuase they have insanely high defence, so physical deal little to no damage on them. I even had the best equipment possible for every single region, but still wasen't able to deal much physical damage, wich maxed damage from orbments (this games ""materia system""). Apart from that, the battle is fine, even fun at times.The Orbments or ""materia (ff7)"" is sort of intresting, but the menuing makes it tedious trying to figure out what combos you need to get in order to get the magic you want. When you are in the Orbment menu, you have to press the exit button up to 3 times, then go to items, find the bracer guide book, enter it, search it's pages for the one that explains what combos you need to make to get what magic, then memorise it and go all the way back to the Orbment menu. The menu in general is pretty bad.After each battle you gain diffrently colored crystals wich you use to buy orbments to power up later. That system was fun, made each fight feel rewarding, more so then gaining som money and a random (often useless) item like most jrpg's do.The art and facial expressions then characters talk are pretty standard, so it gets a pass. The into and ending animations are well done.You are introduced to a big cast over the course of the game, wich is nice, so there should be a character you can like somewhere, although most characters are quite steriotypical.Now for the bad. Yeah i know, it's not much good...This game starts out instantly showing of what the rest of the game will be like, so if you like the first houer, you might like the rest of the game. It is extremly slow, there are tons of unneccisary dialouge that are supposed to emerse you into the world, but it missfires by a mile, only becoming tedious.Maybe it would be better if we could get some early intresting story that would drive us forward, but no, there is nothing for HOURS. You don't get a taste of the main plot until the end of chapter 2, wich for me was like 20h in, and then its just a tiny small bit of relevent story.If you like a LONG game, then this looks to be amazing, but it is long for all the wrong reasons.Speaking of slow. The battle animations are soooo slow. It's not a problem at the start of the game, but later on you will be forced to cast spells that have 20 second animations repeatedly on ridicolously tought bosses, becuase as i mentioned, quicker physical attacks have no effect on them.The mains story is very unintresting, with a villain that are supposed to be extremly cool and overly powerful, so the only reason in the end that you succed in doing anytihng is that you were manipulated all along. The game lays up big reveals wich are extremly obvious.The female main character is so stupid and naive it's sad. During the entire game people tell her that her father is a big warhero, she even get to see him preform amazing combat feats at one point. So in the last chapter, after we've heard over and over again how utterly amazing her father is, she is still totally surprised when someone mentions it. Maybe she suffers from memory loss.The developers are really proud over the character development, and how amazing personalities the charactes have. So proud in fact that they have to point it out several times, so that we know there have been character development.(As for any character development, the main character matures a tiny bit during the game, wich is not saying much since she is ridiculously clueless at the start and mid part of the game.)As for the quests, there are some that are ridiculously annoying, like you have to chase a cat pretty early on. You see the cat run into an alley, so you follow it and nothing happens. Run around the place and look everywhere, nothing happens. You have to enter the same street, but from a different direction for the cutscen to trigger..... But it gets worse.In chapter 3 the there is the worst quest in gaming history. You have to search the city for different things, based on clues, like you need to find a 3-eyed giant or something. What might that be? Well you dont know, because it is impossible to see what the game refers to as the ""3 eyes"" if you are scouting the city. When you press a really small lighthouse, the camera pans upwards, showing the lamp of the lighthouse, wich happen to have 3 sockets......... and then there are like 3 more clues to do, wich are almost as bad.There are tons of sidequest, and they are all quite generic. There are a few wich are okay.Overall, the game gets a 3/10."
76561197995627014,Not Recommended,251150,13952307,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,darkreaver,"Given the paucity of JRPGs available for the PC, I really wanted to like this game, but I am unable to reccommend it. TLDR the game is too steeped in JRPG tropes, and ultimately the story is a bit too by the numbers to my liking. It's possible that the coming Second Chapter will be a much better experience...I will wait and see.For reference, I enjoyed a lot of the SNES era JPRGS, as well as many of the PS1 era games. Some I played for the first time decades after thier release, so arguably nostalgia plays a lesser role in my enjoyment of the older JPRG games.pros:-massive amounts of interactive text: NPCs say lots of unique stuff, which changes before and after events. you can buy newpapers, read books. it's a pretty extensively realized world.-interesting battle/magic system: timing when and where spells and actions play out gives the game a nice layer of strategy to it. the orbment magic system lets you mix and match spells, which is slightly different for each character based on thier orbment grid.-reasonable difficulty/leveling progression: the enemies were never really too easy or too hard when I played through, which I thought was impressive.cons:-boring characters: all of the charaters adhered to anime tropes, with minimal depth to them. Estelle is the tomboy and determined genki girl. Joshua is the love interest with a dark past. Schera is the  MILF-y character who drinks and likes sadomasochism. and so on. Even the plot twists and backstory that's revealed were common anime trope twists and backstory.-smoldering and sluggish story: most of the reveals do not surface until very near the end of the game.-boring quests and sidequests: the gameplay in this regard boiled down too frequently to traditional MMORPG type quests, where you fetch me this item, and kill this one monster.-uninteresting art design: the game leans heavily on common fantasy anime style, the game fails to stand out from its predecessors and peers.-magic system progression is broken: for whatever reason, some (maybe most) high level magic spells would not scale sufficently to warrant thier use. I constantly relied on low level spells because they simply did more damage per MP use."
,Not Recommended,251150,30532340,Posted: 15 March,all,Erin Wynter,"WARNING: Too Much Story, not enough gameplay...I do not recommend this game if you want to play something within the first hour of having downloaded it. If you are looking for STORY, probably get it, cause the first 45 minutes of the game was nothing but story story story and training you on the shops... You walked a bit too... Nothing else... I turned it off before I kept going and found I had ""played""(more like read...) too long to get a refund. Personally I love a game with good story, but this is too much for me to get into... I would like a game to have a good MIXTURE of gameplay AND story, not MOSTLY story and eventual gameplay... This is just me personally however and I am making this so anyone who also has issues with this doesn't waste their time."
76561198052241004,Not Recommended,251150,23299146,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,trashmailbox,"This game starts really nice with a nice story. But the last battle is not one battle but 3 battles, no time to save, the last boss can summon several minions, so no real change to win - even when the chars are on a very high level.So better forget this game - you save much level grinding time  and endless frustrations. Better invest your time in a real good game"
,Not Recommended,251150,18011628,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,WhiteWarden,"What would have otherwise been a fairly good game is (for me) ruined by two things.DialogueI didn't expect this game to have great dialogue, but I was still disappointed. The conversations between characters are slow to the point of being annoying, and several times during the game you arerequiredto go through 10-15 minutes of continuous talking, without being able to take any action at all. If the dialogue were good, this might have been acceptable, but since it isn't, it simply becomes frustrating. As if this wasn't bad enough, dialogue is routinely interspersed with instances where you wait perhaps 10 seconds for a character or two to walk to a certain place, with nothing else happening at all.CombatCombat - which is often fairly fun - has many redeeming qualities, but later in the game it becomes more frustrating. As the game progresses it gradually builds on the combat system by adding new abilities, attacks and rules, but at times it decides to completely undermine everything that it has build so far by letting certain bosses circumvent the rules you have been shown over the course of the game. Some of them are unexplicably immune to attacks or effects that look like they should work, while others have the ability to choose where they move before attacking, which you can't; you can either choose to move to a certain positionorattack an enemy, but you cannot - for instance - move your ranged character to a favourable position and then attack, unlike a few bosses.Also, several creatues throughout the game use abilites that have a given chance of instantly killing your party members. You are given the same ability, but giving such a power to common enemies makes many battles almost only a matter of luck, which should never be the case in a game with tactical, turn-based battles."
,Not Recommended,251150,16250614,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,FinalParagon,"Fiercely dull, both narratively and mechanically.Conversations constantly circle back on themselves; characters say in pages what could be said (with no loss of information or emotional weight) in a couple lines. The events of the plot have no sense of urgency to them, and in general it feels like a whole lot of pointless stuff happens between isolated events of actual consequence. My understanding is that the plot gets interesting just in time for a shameless sequel hook, but the fact is that nothing about this game makes me want to see it through that far.The combat system feels underrealized. Abilities are generally uninteresting, and equipment isinexcusablysimple. Nearly every weapon and armor is a direct upgrade of those that come before it. Accessories are few and far between, and the one system that actually allows customization--the Orbment--feels needlessly contrived and tends to link attributes together in a way that just isn't satisfying."
,Not Recommended,251150,17226568,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sarmacid,"Too much dialog, repetitive, the storyline is extremely predictable, the progression is really frustrating and inventory management is almost unexistent. I enjoyed it up to a point, then pushed myself to finish but eventually gave up."
76561198006735081,Not Recommended,251150,18959869,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,wjwthe3rd,"Too much plot, not enough fighting.  And when there is fighting, it feels too much the same."
76561198014819240,Not Recommended,251150,16337780,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,LMFAO STFU,"Below average JRPG. The main reason people suggest this game is the story, and I honestly felt it was nothing amazing. The other portions of the gameplay (mainly combat) were so incredibly tedious that I actually couldn't finish the game. After 30+ hours I couldn't take it anymore, see no reason to play this over games like Hyperdimension Neptunia or the Ys games. Both of which are great JRPGs on Steam."
76561198136052161,Not Recommended,251150,31445760,Posted: 29 April,all,Demonos3,"well, I still don't understand all the hype around this game. played it and it seems pretty mediocre. too much dialogue, combats just a spam fest of area spells and a constantly rotating party whether you like it or not. you can skip past the entire second chapter of this game, it's all filler... nothing really happens at all. it's like you're watching your favorite anime of the season and then they throw in a filler episode... that's all it is, only instead of being 24mins long, it spans several hours. hours only because theirs way too much dialogue and you're forced to watch something they could've just said ""They did blah and everyone liked it."". absolutely nothing really goes on in this chapter. I am not on the 3rd chapter yet, but from the other reviews I've seen it can pick up again in the last couple hours left in the game. what can I say, I love RPGs, but damn... it doesn't have to be this drawn out. wish there were more weapon choices other than get to next city and buy everything... but there isn't. Aside from Estelle and Josh, not one character in this game has caught my interest so far.. not even Charizard, because they are all your usual cast of characters. I will not recommend this game unless you really enjoy long-winded dialogue and spamming the same area attacks every single battle."
76561197995568560,Not Recommended,251150,16514208,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Soup Sandwich!,"*Minor Spoilers (Though, if any part of this story surprises you, you're probably to stupid to read.)According to the forums, this game is approximately 40-50 hours long, and after playing half of this game, conservatively, I've had enough.This game can be summed up in two words, Idyllic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry. While the actual game play, and combat system are marginally entertaining, the story and characters are puking-in-my-mouth trite.  Idyllic towns, filled with idyllic moppets, and idyllic problems that fail to engage a player in any sense of the word.  ""What's that?  Your guard post was overrun by man-sized, feral, wolves?  Luckily no one was hurt beyond minor cuts and bruises. Sandwiches for everyone!""  In a world frothing with monsters, and sky-pirates no-less, not one person has misfortune actually befallen.  This game attempts to deliver conflict without risk or danger.  It's like the game is written by twelve-year-old girls for twelve-year-old-girls.However, marginally entertaining combat still qualifies as entertaining.  Unfortunately, the only ""good"" parts of this game, it's combat, are only expressed during long hauls of boring grinding, and useless fights.  During one part, the characters are raiding a Sky-Pirate base.  After handing the bases defenders their asses, the leaders escape you with the usual JRPG contrivances, and you get to fight the entire damned base again.  WHY?!  What purpose did any of the last twenty to thirty minutes serve?  Literally every pirate and monster in that base just stands back up, and gives it another go for no conceivable reason.  And what do they get for it?  What did all that fighting and heroics accomplish? Nothing, not a damned thing.  The leaders are rounded up by a third party with a gunship, which the pirate knew was en-route anyway.Ultimately this game lacks any meaningful depth; in story, in characters, in game play.  Worst of all, you'll spend far more time reading useless crap than exploring, fighting, or doing anything that could be mistaken for playing a game."
,Not Recommended,251150,16253851,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MrMellao,"NAO JOGUE SE NAO TIVER 100 HORAS!O jogo 'e bom ate, mas ele exige muito em relacao a andar e falar com os NPCs = Guia 'e essencial.Eu zerei, mas nao faria de novo, o jogo exige muito tempo por bobeira e a historia e dividida em 3 partes ou seja 300 horas para uma historia xoxa!!! vai assistir Naruto, Dragon Ball ou sei la com essas 300 horas"
76561198032403176,Not Recommended,251150,16705162,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,eakugler,"This is the most meandering boring ""epic"" JRPG that has ever been put together.Now mind you, it looks pretty good.The combat system is interesting if unbalanced.The actual storyline itself is derivative but in a homage kind of way.But it plods on and on, leading you by the nose, with incessent word bubbles that cannot be skipped.  This game should be called The Legend of Exposition: Talking Heads on the Screen.But now, I get to this tournament.  And I have to watch the other teams fight it out.  No skipping, no hurry up, and you have to push the button to make it go from action to action, this is like a cardinal sin for RPGs.And it is very sexist, I don't care for that either."
,Not Recommended,251150,18301707,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Aism,"Sometimes thing can be to traditional.... Which in this case was the issueStory was a slow burn to start, and the grind while not an XP issue (XP is adjusted based on level) is merely substituted with another system.    All fine as it's part of a classic JRPG game, unfortunately the maps are hidiously designed, with travel between points feeling like a mindless bog....Can't recommend if your looking for something quick to play and go, but as a JRPG it's alright..."
76561198043522321,Not Recommended,251150,14088091,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TheCurmudgeon,"Game crashes after opening scences, I reduced the video to recommended setting still goes blank screen.  Can not get any help from manufacturer or Steam do not purchase this game."
,Not Recommended,251150,13997506,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,The 1nteger,"Too damn slow for me at the moment, will likely try again down the line but 3hrs+ in, loads of dialogue and not much going for the combat / exploration or secrets (lack of) etc side of things."
,Not Recommended,251150,17654110,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,"The last time I abondon a game part way through it was 2005 and that game was the original Fable. After nearly 20 hours and knowing I'm only half way through this game, I cannot continue. I have held out as long as I could. There's very little I like about Trails in the Sky.When I started playing this game I remember thinking, ""this is just the intro. Hang in there, it'll get better."" Sadly it never did.The game is around 80% story and 20% gameplay so let's start with the story. There is no urgency, no gripping plot. Everything just feels so rainbows and butterflies. The story also seems to be broken up into mini stories, each that get wrapped up before you start a new one. There are only a few small story lines which continue through the entire game.Now for the gameplay. You spend far too much time running between point A and point B. It's made worse by the fact that, at you level up, enemies give less and less XP. After a few levels, fighting enemies becomes a complete waste of time.The combat itself isn't that exciting. They call it turn based strategy but the strategy is limited. If you attack an enemy you don't get to choose where to attack from so there goes any strategic placement. Defending is also oddly missing.- Dragged out story with no urgency- Unexciting combat with very little strategy to it- Bad gameplay/story ratioPlaytime: ~ 20h4/10"
,Not Recommended,251150,16507900,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Peekapew,"I'm really on the fence between yes or no on recommending this game as it depends on the person. Personally, I'm not a huge anime fan so the games dialogue kind of had me spamming my buttons to continue mid-end game. The game itself is definitely not worth $20 but if you catch it on a 50% off sale by all means go for it as it will consume a good 40+ hours.During the prologue and majority of chapter 1 the game is fun but it slowly turns into a story rather than a RPG. Overall the story is quite simple it's just dragged along with a plethora of side quests that are essentially you hunting down ""bosses"" that in reality are just regular mobs that you will run into in the next zone and aren't very challenging at all. The game also lacked a lot of custimization item wise there's approximately 15 different armors  and 45 weapons (total) along with orbs which had a significant gap between useful and useless ones that you'll figure out almost immediately. The Bracer job system was pretty cool although if it had more diversity in the side quests it would have made the game a lot more enjoyable. Combat was really subpar and not that enjoyable compared to the traditional JRPG turn based system.If you're into a very strong story driven game this is a great buy. I'd say it's about 90% dialogue and 10% gameplay. The ""orb"" system is a different outlook on skills/abilitys that is similar to Suikoden. The game follows the two main characters while on said journey they run into multiple snags along the way that introduces friendly companions and predictable opponents.All in all, the game has a lot more cons than pros but like I said before. If you can get this game 50% off I'd definitely buy it it is a decent time sink. I'd give it a fair 6/10 rating."
76561198003822367,Not Recommended,251150,16866579,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Conradzilla,"The game is pretty poorly written, the dialogue makes me cringe to read. Everything is very slow paced, if you play many RPGs, you will probably get bored with how much hand holding the game does."
76561198026955843,Not Recommended,251150,18756270,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Mr.Meeseeks,"Reminiscent of he older Tales Of games, this game looks amazing in the previews and starts off strong but only has the strength to carry itself as far as most magazine reviewers would have time to play.  At around 20 hours in, the game is saturated with repetition, flat characters, and absolutely no motivation.  And that's before the end of chapter 2.If you want a long game, that is all this provides."
,Not Recommended,251150,18747678,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Rixen,"I liked the gameplay, it felt like a mix of Strategy, RPG and Action, but the characters all felt to generic. Dark haired, mysterious boy, Rowdy tomboy Girl, etc.The story also never felt like it was moving. You go from place to play trying to answer questions, but then nothing really happened, it got kind of boring and I found it hard to keep myself invested in what was going on. That and the romance they tried to have half-way through the game felt forced and was more of an annoyance."
76561198063878214,Not Recommended,251150,18922685,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Target,"I have played 9 hours of this game and unfortunatly I can sum up almost the entire experiance in one word, dull. The combat is overly long (and thus far fairly simple) and the story is being dragged out , to upserd degreas. I see no unique ideas in the story thus far or the character and wile the writing and combat arnt technicly bad they are poorly paced, I would avoid unless you have a lot of time to kill."
,Not Recommended,251150,15352020,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,AMD Ryzen,"Combat system and game mechanics are decent, but this game’s worst drawback is way too long nonsensical dialogue. At some point in the game, I spent almost an hour just READING this freaking pointless thing. I played a lot of RPGs and I never experienced anything like this. If I have to READ something in games for an hour without the actual gameplay, I’d rather read a great novel instead."
76561198039428390,Not Recommended,251150,14399155,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,jice,"Listen I know you want a good jrpg but trust me on this. I waited till the I beat this (the game starts out strong) and I do have minor gripes but I am going to skip to the main one because this game did the most taboo thing you can do in a story focused game.  This is only the first half of the game. I kid you not the closing movie is an advertisement for the sequal and it's not semi-episodic like golden age was. They literally gave only a teaser to every development the game was working towards. In jrpg worlds where the big reveal shows its head and that's where other jrpgs actually starts to open up is where this one ends (think ending ffvii when you're about to leave midgaurd)Now for smaller gripes that can be called a bit more subjective (It's my review)-only have 2 real characters. The rest are simply on loan for that chapter and the ending. Don't bother upgrading their pocket watch;)-the game gives a mercenary vibe with it's side quests, which I love, but doesn't give you the freedom to do them. To be fair this only really became a problem for me in the machine city because i wanted to take my adorable mascot with me so she could level.-the side character barely get a chance to develop-the romance doesn't get to go anywhere unless you count the last lines of text that, again, lead to yet another cliffhanger."
76561198074242429,Not Recommended,251150,14001923,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,nurdrasch,"JRPG - Yes, but not top drawer - and it should be made clear This Is An Old Game !!(GFX not really important in this type of game, but 'Dated' is an understatement)Great fun to start with, but let down by Final Chapter being 90% text that you cannot skip - gameplay drops from 'Good' at the start to 'Zero' by Final Chapter - wading thru the endless text takes more time than Boss fights - LAMEIf you like Turn-Based-Party-RPGs there are much better to be had ( and this is only the 1st part of a trilogy, so you're left hanging anyway ;p - pt2 is in the works, but pt3 English translation is dubious (ackording to wikipedia)))Basically a 'Meh' -Plenty of hours for your money, but rather run-of-the-mill gameplay - replay value Zero, unless you're an Achi junkie."
76561198007602715,Not Recommended,251150,13982883,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,bluedragon80,"Overly verbose dialog, lots of menu navigating for character setup and battles, battle movement is tedious, uninteresting/cliched character personalities, gameplay not fun."
76561198049989086,Not Recommended,251150,18897592,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Beaker B,for some reason the entire map of the game endlessly spins.
76561198130571213,Not Recommended,251150,18846594,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,mgoldsmith001,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY, YOU WONT GET A REFUND. This is a decent game that has fatal glitches a couple chapters in, it will be UNPLAYABLE"
,Not Recommended,251150,14002510,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ALLAHsnackbar,I can't get into this game because I'm 2 hours in and it's still aggressively handholding me.Do you like it when RPG's explain to you how the item shop works or how every single battle command works?  Get this game
,Not Recommended,251150,16938610,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,stackaye,game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash story is awful bunch of sister complex ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t nothng special about the battle system but its barely used because like 3/4 of the game is dialogue ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,251150,18885090,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Tail Yellow,dont like
,Not Recommended,251150,18831819,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Burbankamaki,"the story is incredibly cliche as most sub-par items from japan are.lots of obvious hints pretty much give away major spoilers before the game even feels like it has begun.in the end, i dropped it becasue i'm not a fan of incest."
,Not Recommended,251150,17215838,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Fart Cat,"I only saw the first two hours of the game before I got bored. The characters and writing seem fine for a JRPG, but I don't like how the combat is tuned. All the fights I had were either me tapping A to win because no actual thought was required or me running into things that were higher level than me which killed me in one hit and I was utterly unable to scratch. There doesn't seem to be a way to speed up or skip the combat animation stuff (nor for that matter is there a text speed option), so it seems like the rest of the game would be mindlessly grinding pathetically easy fights until I had bigger numbers to fight enemies with bigger numbers.Based on some of the other reviews it looks like the story goes to some good places, but I just don't find the game's combat system engaging enough to want to deal with it. A shame. :-("
76561198076846977,Not Recommended,251150,14082946,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rockloh,"Pros:I love this game's world, the clock-like artifacts that allow people to use magic and the Bracer's Guild are very interesting. As an anime fan I love the art style as well. The graphics convey a comfy feeling and attention to detail make the cities feel alive, every NPC have an unique dialogue.The first Final Fantasy Tactics is one of my favorite games of all time and I find great that this game have turn based grid combat too.You can control everything with mouse and the game performs very well on older computers or low end notebooks wich is great.Cons:The game seems to have been written by a twelve year old. You start with these two characters, the impulsive girl Estelle and her condescending brother Joshua and later on more characters join your team. 10 hours in the game and every scene with these two was the same, Estelle does something unthoughtful and Joshua makes fun of her or someone note that Joshua is mature and attractive and Estelle is childish and ugly and they fight, until you're sick of both. That's a death sentence for a dialogue heavy game like this.The combat is similar to games I like but it's way inferior. You cannot see the grid and it's not clear what's the range of each character. Many attacks knock back the enemies and you cannot tell in what direction, so many one of your characters attacks will take the enemy out of the rest of the team's reach.I would recommend the game if I could get over the terrible writing and annoying characters but I can't."
76561198103334613,Not Recommended,251150,18740230,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MAYhem,"With the release of the Second Chapter and the possibility of others coming up and buying this I hope this Review will catch those eyes.This game is boring as hell. There is no way around this. If you like action and gameplay, if you like to have some sort of strategical forethought and challenges to push yourself, if you like to actually play a ♥♥♥♥ing game period then this is not the game for you.The best way I can explain this game to someone who hasn't played it is that it's basically a JRPG version of Gone Home before Gone Home but instead of 2 hours it's dragged on through bland text for about 20-80 ♥♥♥♥ing hours.Yes, you read that correctly, about 90% of your time WILL be spent reading text. Most of it mind you is completely irrelevant five minutes after the fact in the story which is hysterical and mindblowing that a story-centric game like this has more bickering and irrelevant trivia than actual ♥♥♥♥ing story/world building. Honestly I could get past this, I really could if it wasn't for the characters and ooooooooh boy the characters get old REAL fast.Let me explain to you those characters:The two you'll be stuck with:Estelle - Pretty much the only good character in the game and is actually pretty lovable. Unfortunately everything she does is either wrong or almost wrong when veiwed by the others in the game and it's honestly frustrating to see the only relatable character be abused so much.Joshua - Gary Stu the character. Dark mysterious past and love interest of literally everyone in the ♥♥♥♥ing game besides his adoptive father. I know that sounds like an exaggeration but it's not. Literally every women and even men he comes into contact and has dialogue with will compliment his looks or gush over him. At first it was funny, then it was annoying and by the time I hit the 15 hour mark and felt like every dialogue about him was just a rehash from the first description of him it was just pathetic. If you have any common sense and don't have an inferiority complex you will loath this ♥♥♥♥ing character.Side characters in the party:Scherazard - The sex appeal. She honestly had potential to be pretty interesting at first but this soon was washed down the drain when her dialogue was reduced to mentoring Estelle, complementing/hitting on Joshua and being annoyed with Olivier.Olivier - If I wrote this back when I finally ♥♥♥♥ing quit the game I would have called Olivier a lovable character as well but when you try to take his character apart for inspection you realize he has absolutely no depth to him whatsoever. Apparently he's some sort of spy or whatever but that plot point is literally dropped five minutes after it's mentioned.Agate - Honestly the only thing enjoyable about this character is the mental jog I do for him when he shows up. Literally everytime he comes up I just replace him with Knuckles and it becomes funny as♥♥♥♥♥♥since he literally is Knuckles the Edgidna with a sword. Nothing interesting comes out of him and he's just there to be there sometimes.Klose - Go online. Find a random drama anime about girls in highschool. Watch the first episode. Find the girl who's sensitive and kind and likes drama class. Congratulations you just found her. Again this sounds like an exaggeration but it's not. This is verbatim the extent of her character.I could go on to all the other characters but I'll end that segment here for the sake of keeping the reveiw as readable as possible.Speaking of which how is the gameplay?Well honestly this could have been a really fun game if the gameplay was polished a bit (actually a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton), had skippable cutscenes and if the animations weren't so slow. Since this is a JRPG you need to be grinding a lot however this isn't even fun for those who enjoy grinding like myself since a battle that would take less then a minute in literally any other game takes about 2-3 maybe even 4-5 minutes to finish since for some reason the stronger attacks and criticals play out longer and slower than the weaker ones. This is most likely a way to try and get them a more dramatic effect but again it falls flat because I don't want to see that same damn animation for the 500th damn time I just want to finish the battle.As for the other things such as graphics, soundtrack and artstyle:The graphics were good for a 2005 game for the PSP but they're nothing to be impressed with nowadays. It's actually pretty bland just by looking at the screenshots in the store page. The soundtrack is mostly forgettable but there are a few good songs. The main menu theme is pretty catchy and I enjoy it however the ♥♥♥♥ing battle theme in this game literally sounds like it's straight from an elevator. The art stlye is pretty much your typical anime style nothing too interesting.The biggest gripe I have with this game though is it's cult-following. They'll swear, vow and pray left and right that this is one of the greatest JRPG storys in existence but will literally refuse any sort of criticism towards any characters in the game or story. Almost all of their arguments boil down to ""YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED SC YET IT'LL REDEEM ALL THOSE FACTORS!"" or ""IT'S A JRPG GAME MADE IN 2005 STOP JUDGING IT SO HARSHLY!"" and my favorite one (and I kid you not this is one of the defense statements they'll use) ""IT'S JUST A GAME STOP THINKING ABOUT IT SO MUCH AND ENJOY IT!"" which is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious because as I said earlier this game's actual gameplay isn't even considered a main feature of it.Honestly if you're THAT curious on playing it just pirate it. This isn't worth your money and you know it."
76561198058789480,Not Recommended,251150,23850729,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,hellrazoromega,"Wow, glad I got this on a Steam sale and not as full price. The game looks great but if you are a casual gamer more into the story than hard fights then skip this game. The starting area has regular mobs that will drop your primary fighter in two hits, meaning that if there are 3-4 mobs against your two starting party members you are done, and that is on normal difficulty!! A challange is fine but damn!!! Give a person a chance to build up a party or learn a few more ablilties first.If you are not into way steep learning curves give this a pass and find one of the J or K RPGs that does not expect you to be a master right out of the gate. I wish more reviewers had been clear about this.The story may be great but is is usless if you are not skilled enough to get to it. If you have mad skills then by all means have at, if not give this one a pass"
76561198084562942,Not Recommended,251150,24561221,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Cheezlt,"Review: A lot of dialogue but, mediocre story. After about 45 hours in, 80% of the game, I started just skimming all dialogue because it was quite uninteresting. Also mediocre were the battle mechanics, and nearly everything else. The soundtrack was not good.Summary: Instead of playing this game you should buy a good book. If you're wanting to play a game though,  buy a decent RPG with a good story, battle mechanics, soundtrack. There are plenty so no need to waste your time on this."
,Not Recommended,251150,31942183,Posted: 24 May,all,Exitiurm,Control scheme is absolutely awful with mouse and keyboard and not everything is bound to controllers. Also main character is obnoxious.
,Not Recommended,251150,29996327,Posted: 17 February,all,WhiteButHip,"This game beeds neckbeards.  The characters are so, so terrible.  Example:Guy:  I am mysterious and politeGirl:  I am spunkyOther girl:  You two are clearly into eachotherGuy and girl, simultaneously: NO WAY GROSS...Guy:  I have always loved youGirl:  And I youI didn't finish the game so I don't know for sure that the guy and girl are in love, but come on, it's clearly a trite story with stereotypical characters across the board, so you already know what happens. I couldn't put up with it any more.  I tried so hard, everyone said it was really good, but it just isn't."
76561197976065481,Not Recommended,251150,31891352,Posted: 21 May,all,RewSupul,"Way to much dialog that can't skip, heaven forbid you die and have to go trough it again, or just want to quit and take a break."
,Not Recommended,251150,31873705,Posted: 20 May,all,Tempus,"There are a lot of aspects about this game that I liked.  But in the end, the poor cliches used repeatedly to keep the same villian in the plot killed it for me.It also has several levels that have you grind through there and back again to extend gameplay."
76561197970736031,Not Recommended,251150,28551704,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,McKeifus,"I really wanted to like this game, but the writing is very poor.  In addition, the combat and character development system is much less interesting than it appeared.  RPGs like this hinge on one of the two for me, and it has neither.  Skip it; there are better RPGs out there."
,Not Recommended,251150,24085429,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MrVariant,"I am going to briefly compare this game (I will be calling it LHTS) to the Nintendo 3DS game, Popolocrois: A Story of Seasons.Popolocrois has an engaging world where you are a prince and are uniquely treated as a celebrity. However, in LHTS, everyone talks way too damn long, and you're merely a bracer who is essentially a knight who just does fetch quests.Battles have shorter attack animations and grids in Popolocrois than LHTS. Also, there is no voice acting in LHTS unlike Popolocrois, though I suppose that would make the chatter even worse.To give an example of the biggest dealbreaker, it was the mine's backtracking that made me quit the game. I have to use the mine cart that goes 1 way to talk to a miner, then go back and flip the switch to use the elevator, which does not work until I get the key from that miner. So I have to use the mine cart 6 times (1 go to miner, backtrack, flip switch, go to elevator, backtrack, flip switch, go to miner and get key, which he needs to know it was broken rather than him give you the key the first time, backtrack, flip switch, and then go back to the elevator and use it). Then finally to get to the chief, you fight monsters and it takes like 5 mins of expositional dialogue just to get him to join you. Here is an example when he pulls out something shiny and Estelle runs in a circle with it, screaming, ""This is so fun."" That was my cue to quit the game and delete it."
76561198012344000,Not Recommended,251150,29242997,Posted: 14 January,all,shabface,"just no, its horrible..everything about it is garbage - the story the restrictive linear exploration everything that could be bad with an rpg this does"
,Not Recommended,251150,34727219,Posted: 3 September,all,Myrhrai,I only payed for half an hour. The game seems like it would have been fun but the beginning was poorly designed. The first half hour is basically a short movie and lots of dialoge with nothing interesting invovled.
76561198012650407,Not Recommended,251150,22772064,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Crypt Kiddie,the prologue took 6 hours
,Recommended,251150,11465864,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Playdo,Already crashed 3 times thrilling....
76561197993792083,Not Recommended,251150,13583188,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tuckilufigus,"Pros: Nice graphics and scenery. Haven't run into a bug yet. Dialogue is rich.Cons: Where to start... I'm newer to RPG's but getting used to them. As someone who likes my camera locked in place, I can't do that. Every time I exit a building the camera is flipped at different angles making me have to readjust every single time. Second, I got stuck at a part and looked up how to get past it. Their character's level was 5 highers than mine, the drop rates from battles were much higher, the exp gained was much higher, and in effect it seemed much easier. I'm definitely struggling with this game... Possibly change my answer at a later date, but this struggle has really put a damper on my likings to this game. I'll let you know when I finally make it out of the first tower a month from now -_-"
,Not Recommended,251150,11552555,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Binko,"I'm giving this game an honest try  and I'm still only in the first Chapter, but as is, I cannot recommend it unless you are severely in lack of JRPG. Believe me, I like me some JRPGs and tacky stories about elements and whatever. I can put up with those, that's fine, and the story here is more or less pretty original, but there's a few different issues: as of yet, this is an handheld import with unimplanted features (such as the Monster book).The protagonist is a girl which's main trait is being a ditz, which we are reminded of CONSTANTLY. The dialogue, which the game is nearly overloaded with, consists of doubtful jokes and a 'will they won't they' relationship between the protagonist and her adopted brother.The grid battle system, while functional, is a bit clunky, as you cannot decide from which facing some characters will hit the target. This results in the occasional issue where a character with reach and mobility will knock an enemy beyond the reach of a shorter ranged character, artificially lenghtening combat, which already is trivial. There's no real penalty to dying, either, as you can just press the 'retry' button and redo your battle from scratch. There is a lot of back-and-forth travelling in this game, which sincerely becomes redundant. You also HAVE to set the camera on free rotation, as the awkward 45 degree angle will otherwise block important features on the field.Only get this game if you're a hardcore fan of JRPGs, as it is average at best, and get it while it's on sale. For anyone else, you're free to pass this and play better games."
76561198051224801,Not Recommended,251150,13792295,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Elor OnceDark,"Might be a fun game, if there weren't so many issues with graphics, corrupted save files and dozens of bugs. Looks a little bit like it's half finished.Basically the game keeps crashing every few minutes, making it unplayable.A real waste of money ..."
,Not Recommended,251150,11515637,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Neon Sears,"I take some things back after playing for awhile. Didn't realize how long the game would take to get to the actually damn story. I understand the writer might have wanted the characters to grow on people, but its just long and boring situations one after another. Gameplay is good, though quite repetitive."
76561198006791518,Not Recommended,251150,31736460,Posted: 13 May,all,Sethington Wifflebottom,starts out boring as ♥♥♥♥ and unrelenting jap tropes and i couldnt go thru more than about 10 minutes of it
,Not Recommended,251150,11883079,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Winter,"Maybe I've been spoiled by my most recent jRPG experience being bravely default, which to me felt like a perfect refresh in a genre that either seems to try to go all action oriented and fails or, as is the case in this game, for me just go too old school.First of all the game starts off dreadfully slow, it did seem to pick up a bit after the prologue but that was already several hours in. What doesn't help with this is the grid-based combat system, while I don't think it's bad in general it does mean characters have to move to their target (sometimes needing another turn before being able to attack) slowing everything down, add to that (as far as I know) attack animations you can't turn off and unskipable special attacks and you're stuck with some very slow combat even for enemies you kill in a single hit.Other than that, there doesn't seem to be any pilaging around houses and other building and all the quests seem to at least have a centralised start. While convenient in a way it makes it feel like there is very little point in actually exploring unless you want that little bit of background information.Now as to why I don't recommend this game, it's really due to little things starting to stack up. Early on in the game there is a monster you have to beat for a quest, it's an enemy type you will not have encountered before (or at least unlikely to, not sure) after a fairly lengthy fight (felt like 5+ mins) it turned out this enemy type self destructs when killed. Which resulted in blowing up my party, while there is a retry option for the fight it did not feel fair in any way.On to the next thing, I like exploring so the first thing I did when leaving the first town was explore the area and I stumbled upon a chest and opened it. Only to find it was guarded by double the amount of enemies I'd fought up until that point while also being stronger versions of those enemies. Mind you I was having no trouble with the other enemies in the area and due to it being early on in the game I assume I was at the average level. This was btw an area you have to go through for the main quest at that point so I wasn't being overzealous in exploring.What finally did it for me were the timed side-quests, while not expecting a perfect 100% playthrough (I prefer not using guides from the start), I returned to town after a main quest only to discover that I failed not only a quest that I did complete but just hadn't turned in, but also 2 more side-quests I didn't even knew existed. Now I don't know exactly when those last 2 were triggered but for the main quest I was doing you are out of town for a while (only spot to pick up and hand in side-quests) and it almost feels like I would have had to backtrack during that main quest to be able to do these side-quests.All of this is resulting in me just feeling like the game is not only old school, it's old school in all the wrong ways. I can look past the graphics and the story actually seems to be pretty good, with characters that seem to surpass the spikey haired 15 year old for the most part. But there have just been too many frustrating things in the game for me to keep playing.."
76561198218744805,Not Recommended,251150,31706916,Posted: 12 May,all,AAAAAAAA,no clue what to do o_O
76561198008749389,Not Recommended,251150,13981733,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[GRVTS]Fat Bastard,"Worst game I ever purchased. Entire game is boring half way through you'll just wish that you had the cloak crystal oh yeah theres a crystal that keeps you from getting attacked did you know that WELL IT""S AT THE ♥♥♥♥ING END SO GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF. Combat is fun at first but seriously turn based combat is no fun after you have fought 20 ♥♥♥♥ing bosses and by the end your like oh I finally beat richard oh that was tough BAM 3 more final bosses.Seriously this is BOOORING PS I do play turn based games rpgs and various sorts just so happens this game is way too repetative."
76561198044218149,Not Recommended,251150,11947605,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,MrSpanky,"Boredom in the SkyTo be fair as this is only the HD version of the game it shouldnt be bashed for the stereotypical ans predicatable characters and story, but to judge the technical part of the game you have to play atleast some hours of it.Unfortunately to get to some meat you have to endure a lot slow pacing boredom.To be clear: i finished the game since i dont like to waste money spend on games, but it was 40+ hours of boredom, fortunately without technical problems, aside from some too big fonts in the menus and cut off lists.No crashes, works in full-HD, altough many textures could have been provided with higher resolution versions.Some assets stayed in 4:3 instead of getting 16:9 updates, like some maps and effects (smoke in that tower...).The overall feeling is of HD-bait for a series that will get a sequel next year, but still is below mediocre compared to pretty much any RPG of the last decade.Recommended if you are curious how an HD treatment affects an old game on PC, else wait for it to drop to 5 bucks to be worth the buy."
76561197970715751,Not Recommended,251150,12069679,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Pinok,"Not bad RPG but the fight system is super slow and repetitive.Also there is so many dialogs that lasts for hours that it gets boring quite fast.Except from that, the graphics are nice and the game seems to be not buggy at all, I think I just don't like the system."
,Not Recommended,251150,13915299,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,twidget,A click to read fest.Listening to an ex-wife ♥♥♥♥♥ would have been more fun.
,Not Recommended,251150,13578214,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Captain Verum,The dialogue is AWFUL. It feels like it was written by a child.
,Not Recommended,251150,12571816,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,wintermute6669,"About four hours in there is a point of no return where item shops will be unavailable for the next 2-3 hours or so. Healing items don't drop in battle. Tried to play, with a lot of retrying battles and resetting, for the next five hours or so with  no healing items and no MP for spells. Impossible to proceed and I am not going to start the whole game over again and spend ten hours so I can take another try at it. Poor design.UPDATE/CLARIFICATION: the part I am refering to is after you travel to the lakeside lodge to investigate the sky pirates and then sneak aboard their ship. You end up stuck in their base. I didn't have enough resources to complete this (I lacked area of effect spells so fighting huge groups of mooks was a slog. this was actually the real problem that caused me to run out of resources) and tried so many times to complete the mission.The final salt in the wounds moment came when after finally winning the boss fight (jesus christ) I was like ""finally it is over"" and then every single henchman you beat up on your way down returns to fight you on the way out. and they even throw in a snide little comment in the conversation tet  that is basically ""tough♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. No way for me to heal after the boss fight when I'm out of resources and I tried several times. Didn't have the decency to just let me go back to town after a fairly difficult boss fight.The time I put in to this game, while passably average for an rpg, turned into work for me when I reached this point, not entertainment. And I'm not putting in another eight hour shift of RPG work to try to get past it, not with so many other decent gaming options."
76561198074307455,Not Recommended,251150,11733492,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,dustintcooper,"You're an idiot.  Lol jk you're cool.  It's just that you once said your favorite color was seven.  Just kidding, I like you.  But seriously though, are you sure you can change that light bulb?  No really, you're going to ♥♥♥♥ that up.  Give that to me.  We're still cool, right?  What?  You think that light makes this room look pretty?  What a ♥♥♥♥ing ditz.Congratualtions.  You have now experienced the first two hours of this game.  Well I guess you'd have to also include a long, wordy, poorly implemented unskipable tutorial, but unlike the constant barrage of insults, it doesn't completely ruin the rest of the game.It seems like Falcom wanted to do a thing where you play the athletic but kind of dumb girl, and your companion is your booksmart but weaker brother, and the dialogue between the two would include a lot of banter about these things.  The problem is that the way they implemented it, it's more like you're the athletic but kind of dumb girl, and he's the smart, handsome guy that all the ladies desire and who constantly reminds you of how much you suck in comparison.  Gameplay wise, he's just better than you at everything, including hand to hand combat, to the point where your character almost feels unnecessary.  And for the first two hours, he just won't stop reminding you of how dumb your character is.  Any individual line about it would probably just look like normal banter between siblings, but it's pretty much unending in the early portion of the game, and your character rarely does more than pout about it and get annoyed.  The shear volume of it makes it come off as straight up bullying.  And it's not just in response to your character doing dumb things.  That light bulb thing and calling you a ditz just for commenting on how a room looks were me paraphrasing real things he says to you.And it gets worse with him.  A few missions in, you have a little cut scene between your character and a friend of hers.  The friend goes on and on about how handsome your brother is, how all the girls desire him, and how incredibly nice he is.  You know, the guy whose only interaction with you outside of business has been abuse.  I guess that's not fair.  In the first dungeon, he does tell your character that she was pretty good at what she did.  Of course, he finished it off by calling you stupid again, undercutting his whole point, but hey, it seemed like he actually gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about you for a minute.  Oh, and this friend also points out how it would be totally OK for your character to hook up with him, since he was adopted.  Yeah.Anyway, at the end of that mission, he insists that he wants to kill these now defenseless creatures, and it takes a while to talk him out of it.  You head back inside, and he reveals to you that he doesn't feel compassion and still wants to kill those things.  So how does your character react to her abusive brother admitting he's a sociopath?  By reassuring him that he's totally not like that, and she would know since they bonded so well in the five years that happened off camera between him joining the family and the start of the game.  Then she says she's glad he finally opened up to her, since he usually hides his feelings.  It's not clear how she thinks she knows him if he never opened up over that period.So why am I going on about this one guy so much?  HE'S YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE INTEREST!  Yes, in order to appreciate this game's story, you have to be OK with a woman getting nasty with her abusive, sociopatic brother.  Even aside from that, the guy is an obvious Mary Sue, completely with a dark and mysterious past.  It's like what would happen if you found a 13 year old who was really into Final Fantasy games and had him come up with the protagonist for an RPG.  He's totally awesome and badass and gets to tell other people how much better he is without retaliation.  Oh, and he's totally the protagonist.  You play his love interest.But that's not the entire game, and I've heard that they cut down on the insults as the game goes on.  I've gotten to that point, and honestly, without many insults to get mad about and being unable to care about the protagonist of the game, it's mostly just kind of boring.  The writing tends to try way too hard to be witty and is needlessly wordy and repetitive.  I mean like there's one part where you find an elevator that doesn't work, so you find a guy 20 feet away who gives you a key and says you can use that and that the elevator goes down to your objective.  So you run 20 feet back and try to use it, and your brother then explains that you can use this key on the elevator, that it goes down, and that you should probably do so.  Why they didn't just have the elevator work when you have the key rather than give you 4 text boxes, I have no idea.Gameplay wise, I have mixed feelings.  The idea of initiative manipulation in combat is interesting, but I'm not sure if it always works.  There isn't much you can do to manipulate it aside from one special attack that you get once every few fights.  And the fact that spells don't always take effect right after your caster does them can be frustrating, mostly because you can't tell when they'll take effect until the caster's turn.  There've been a few occasions where I decided to attack with one character, then heal with another only to find that the enemy got a turn before I could heal.  Once this even happened when the enemy didn't get that turn for the same damn spell earlier in the battle.  This game doesn't have random encounters, but it might as well have had them.  You can only see enemies as you get close to them, and some enemies blend in on some backgrounds, anyway, so you'll still get surprise fights.  And this is one of those games where your whole party trails behind you as you move, and you get attacked if any of them are touched by the enemy.  And in a given area, it's often the same one or two groups of enemies that you fight over and over.  Once you figure out the best way to deal with them, all the battles there just become tedious.  At least Dragon Quest games let you mash A to get past the more repetitive battles.  The complexity of the combat system seems to make random encounters last longer and take more effort than it does to make anything fun.If there's anything positive to say about this game, it's the presentation.  This looks and sounds fantastic.  I highly recommend getting a copy of the soundtrack.  If someone made a mod of this game that removed all but the necessary, mission relevent dialogue, this game might have gotten a recommendation for these things alone.  But sadly, the mediocre gameplay and bad writing just make the whole thing an aesthetically pleasing slog.  There are far better JRPGs out there than this for almost any platform."
76561198016150129,Not Recommended,251150,13560248,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Oldtomato,Press A to continue reading...
76561197992434331,Not Recommended,251150,11581320,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,O'Sht,Loads of bugs. Wait till developers fix them.
,Not Recommended,251150,11569944,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,deep0x20,"Steam tells me I've played this game for about ten hours, I'm still in the prologue. There's no story, the main characters are boring, the supporting characters are so friendly it's annoying, the combat is bland, and just by following the missions given to me I've far outleveled everything I've ever encountered."
,Not Recommended,251150,11603608,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Threat Level Midnight,More issues on launch than BF4.  Can't even load the game anymore since recent patch.  Wait until a Steam sale if ever.
,Not Recommended,251150,11582161,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,水,"Game Closing With No Error in Windowed Modeafter i launch this game from steam,it closing with no error and i already run in windows modeanyone can help? this game is awesome and addicted i think"
76561198011089970,Not Recommended,251150,12305494,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,bastionado,simply too many glitches to reccomend. i want to get into this game but the game breaking bugs wont let me! black rooms..infinite spnning camera..even crash on start when fullscreen .. no game should be this buggy.
76561198352268752,Not Recommended,251150,29578137,Posted: 29 January,all,pdunaway87,Things that are awful about this game :1. The Story2. Battle System3. The pace of the game is soooo slow4. No character development5. The way you use magic and abilities is kind of confusingThere are other things that make this game bad but these are the most obvious to me. Just do yourself a favor and don't download this game.
76561197988226249,Not Recommended,251150,11694925,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,GlasgowKiss,"This game is pratically unplayable. Every zone you go to,it crashes. I like the game, I just cant ♥♥♥♥ing play it. Regreat buying this. Dont buy it till they fix all the bugs when ever that may be. Its been weeks and they still cant fix the fundamentals. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198010063552,Not Recommended,251150,12041333,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,The liquor,Crashes every other minutes and fights.10/10 would uninstall again
76561198005457860,Not Recommended,251150,11546840,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Chrolic,"This game is unplayable.It crashes randomly, i cant figure out why, there is no pattern.And it is such a shame, the parts i played are incredible!!It really seems like the kinda RPG that could be something more.unfortunatly after losing 30 minutes of gameplay the third time, i have given up.But cant i just save every 5 minutes? yes, but for 16 euro, i dont expect my game to require a save every few minutes.And i simply refuse to play a game that can crash at any given moment.FIX IT PLEASE.I really cant understand how this problem is left unsolved, if you read through the comments im am not the only one having this major problem.Should you buy this game right now?NO!! for gods sake dont.Should you buy the game when its fixed?YES!! for gods sake hurry up, throw your money at the monitor and scream like a little girl at a One Direction consert while it downloads."
76561197997754702,Not Recommended,251150,11570005,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Sonic's Human Girlfriend,D-pad on controller doesn't work.
76561197974874819,Not Recommended,251150,11684863,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,imkool0316,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThis game is P O♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i think i just threw 20$ to the trash can. For the first 30 mins u gonna get sleepy with all the nonsense dialog craps. And in the next 30 mins will be dreadful turtorial and that how i spent 60 mins of this game. UNINSTALL
76561197991325897,Not Recommended,251150,11788304,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,mage_artist,"It's so boring, maybe it gets better later, but getting to that later is painful.  Characters are not interesting and combat is boring."
76561198008156343,Not Recommended,251150,13049378,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,thunderstud,"The dialogue is tedious to wade through. Long and clunky. The combat is not particularly tactical. Overall, I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,251150,11556064,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,J. Frost,"This game has so much potential. However, there is way too much dialogue for my taste and you will be at the very beginning of the game for about 10 minutes minimum and that includes the animation that plays for an EXTREMELY big amount of time. I swear, they shouldve made THAT their trailer for this game. in the end, there is way too much dialogue and information, and not enough gameplay. and by information, I mean they will tell you what to do, but then go into huge amounts of detail why and such, which eventually you forget. I only made it out of the beginning and gave up on this game. If you are into more story than game, then this is a good game. otherwise, this gets a 6/10 from me."
76561198008527045,Not Recommended,251150,12878587,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,humey,"Glowing reviews here on steam. I myself clocked 45h and then stopped. This is why:Writing. Someone said superb. I say idiotic. E.g.: ""W-wait a minute, you! Are you one of those men who likes... other boys?!"" No. No one talks like that. Not in my world. Does it mean I have a pedo in my party? I'm pretty damn sure I do not want a peadophile class to level up in my jrpg's. Oh no worries, at least he doesn't exclude other sexes. He's bi. Deal with it.Gameplay. Deeply unsatisfying. Repetitive. Grind. Grind. Dungeon. Tower. Strong monster. Boss. Rinse and repeat.Story after 45h (Almost two whole ♥♥♥♥ing days - I could have gone to Paris for a wild weekend involving heavy drugs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and possibly best baguette ever). Forgettable is all I can say. In other words. CANNOT FOR THE LIFE OF ME REMEBER WHAT IT WAS ABOUT. Ask me about Chrono trigger or cross I've played years and years ago. I dare you.TLDR: Go back to school or start taking drugs which will help with your attention span and concentration. I believe it's either amphetamine or cocaine. You welcome."
76561198007275731,Not Recommended,251150,11963431,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,exottoyuhr,"Just starting out with this game, but I'm not very impressed. The game wants to be Hayao Miyazaki, if the opening cutscene is any indication; it really, profoundly /isn't/, and never will be, Hayao Miyazaki, if the rest of it is. But then, I bought it knowing perfectly well that it wasn't going to be brilliant; all I'm hoping for out of it is ""more human interest than /Hearts of Iron III/.""... On completing the tutorial and getting into the first quest, I've had enough of this. Combat is /slow/, full of loading screens and unnecessary animations -- I don't have the patience for this."
76561198032588515,Not Recommended,251150,11672695,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,4house,"generic, the 'gay' character is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and kinda offensive"
,Not Recommended,251150,13044038,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Quiet Kitten,The game crashes randomly most often when I move the characters from one room to another. This was a waste of $20.
76561198024949177,Not Recommended,251150,12628568,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ignis[ru],"Gameplay is very, very boring. Repetitive battles are just painful. This game would be much better as VN without combats at all."
,Not Recommended,251150,11482651,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,CaptainHook,"Got past the really long unskippable intro cinematic only to have the game crash on me.Tried it again, but this time the first thing I did was save after the intro. As soon as I walked through a door the game crashed.This was on native resolution and then a different resolution entirely.Game looks great but I can't even judge the content of it."
76561198050335905,Not Recommended,251150,11896215,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,thatgy,"Started the game, LOVED IT! Then all of a suden, my sixteen year old character starts getting sexualy harassed by some homosexual pedophile. Now I try to keep an open mind about stuff. Especially Japanese anime. But perverts chasing kids around just doesn't do it for me. BTW The pervert joins the party then follows this kid around for the rest of the game hitting on him. Nice."
76561198106391635,Not Recommended,251150,11501463,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Chrissy,"I recommend this game if you like pretending its 2005…Remember those Gust/NIS games from the mid 2000’s? Games like Mana Khemia and Atelier Iris? You don’t?! Well count your lucky stars casanova! You dodged hundreds of hours of repetition, boredom and poor story telling. Unfortunately, I was not spared. I confess, mediocre JRPGs used to be my jam, my raison d’etre if you will. Prozac and alchemy school were the only things keeping me going in those pitch black days of loneliness and grinding. Eventually my mistress and I grew apart; I realised she was abusive, stealing my time and giving only poorly translated dialogue and unintelligible plots in return. We amicably separated and that was the last I heard of Miss JRPG. But then Trails in the Sky temps me like a vixen and alas, I invite her into my library, like a tedious, engrish spouting vampire into my home. Why did I buy it? Why did I break my fast?? Why go through the pain and suffering again and again like some Nietzscheian nightmare??? Was it the promise of “people, places, ideas, events and lore that rival in complexity those of even the most highly-regarded fantasy epics in literature” (lie)? Was it to play a “50+ hour masterpiece” (wrong)? Was it to “see what Japanese gamers have been raving about for over ten years” (Monster Hunter, tentai and panty vending machines)? My friends, don’t let yourself fall into the same pit of despair and agony I have. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice bad review.I give Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky 3 pieces of materia out of 10"
,Not Recommended,251150,12427087,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,mstephens1,"I have only played it for about 5 hours and still find the ""how you do stuff"" of the game to be difficult. The cutie kiddie look of the game is different but not appealing to me.  If you are looking for something that plays like Dragon Age or Skyrim, this is definetly not that. The approach to gaming is very different than the RPGs we are used to. That said, if you are willing to put in the time it can be rewarding."
76561197998184344,Not Recommended,251150,31595991,Posted: 6 May,all,TheXee,I'm not sure if the gameplay is any good or not. I couldn't get passed an hour of text.
76561198054519435,Not Recommended,251150,28829611,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,drdouglasdark,"If you like reading mindless drivel then this game is for you!  I Had the game on for over 20 minutes before I could take control of a character then it was just more mindless drivel!Example ""What would you like for dinner""?. ""I'd Like some fish sauted with balsamic vinegar""! ""Well I'm not sure how to make that"". ""Only kidding, Ill have the usual fried fish and omlette"".   This kind of thing went on and on and on and on and on and on and on until I started to cry and quit the game as soon as possible and requested a refund!In all honesty I never got to play the game so I don't know about gameplay etc!"
,Recommended,251150,17071928,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Whyburungcanfly,Love this game
76561198089101287,Recommended,251150,17084493,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zeig,"This game has a very nice gameplay mechanic, but shines in the story aspect.  I will be buying the second chapter as soon as it releases!"
76561198125083387,Recommended,251150,16951240,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,AlaxanderGW,It is a very fun and entertaining!  I really enjoy all the Tails and Final Fantasy games and this game is on the same level as those.  Don't even hesitate to try this one!
,Recommended,251150,17240617,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,zio,"This is a very well crafted turn-based JRPG: a play through takes 40-50 hours, more or less, which may turn into 60 hours probably if you want to complete everything.The story is not groundbreaking, but it is well written and even the NPCs in the streets have something new to say after each and every story-related mission. Even with so much text, the translation feels very nice, with none of the usual strangeness of translating directly from Japanese. One warning: if you want to do everything on one playthrough, you'll definitely need an FAQ: there are quite a few missables from chapter to chapter.The combat system is interesting, especially during the middle of the game and right at the very last fight. Depending on your speed and the actions you take, you'll take different turns and you may be able to wedge in a turn before an enemy acts by using special techniques. It also has a materia-like orbment system. It's quite entertaining, but it can get a bit repetitive in some instances. Thankfully, you can see enemies on the map for most of the game, and it's very easy to avoid battles if you don't need to gain any more levels in a particular area. The game is not too grindy, as EXP is bountiful in a new area and then quickly drops off when you reach the level the designers intended for you to be at.Highly recommended. I'll keep an eye out for Second Chapter, which should come out in summer 2015 according to XSeed."
,Recommended,251150,17304263,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,♥Hikari♥,This classic RPG game brings back memories and it was really fun to play.
76561197995691546,Recommended,251150,17999217,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,VandalHeartS,It's a great game. 9/10 but... Still not better then Vandal Hearts.
,Recommended,251150,17992958,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ubermench42,"Love when these old classics i never got the chance to play come to steam, easy buy and super engaging. Sidequests are interesting and unique and make me want to complete then all."
,Recommended,251150,17940195,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Romich,"Intreging story! Steady game play! Grinding is kept to a minimal! I fell in love with this game the moment eye contact was made. The characters are colorful, and for the most part, the main characters all fight differently, so variaty is vast! The combat is fast, so the story never really feels like it comes to a halt. The only warning i have is the game is very long, but thats ok for most JRPG fans."
,Recommended,251150,17983916,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Shakts,"For something labeled as a 'prologue', this game sure have plenty of character development moments, decent plot, some unexpected twist, and challenging battles.Totally can't wait to see what the main course looks likeSome notes :-The battle system feels a bit slow, It does make for some interesting boss battles, but I find myself mostly skipping random battles in the field or dungeons.-Luckily, the game rarely ever punished you for that, while most boss battles are challenging, they can be tackled with proper skill/team setup and good strategy, not just grinding.-The story starts out slow, really slow, but once it picked up its pace (around the second chapter or so), it is quite engaging, but...-Damn you cliffhanger ending!"
76561198209107973,Recommended,251150,17977530,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,jon4u4678,"MMORPG PvP gamer here. Played RPGs every since I was little, I am 28 now. This game is DEFINATELY in the top 5 of best games. I'm not a wagon cookie cutter that constantly spews ff7 this and ff7 that either. I've played quite a few and this games story and dialogue is absolutely brilliant. It would be a travesty not to see the sequels to this very soon."
76561198061428850,Recommended,251150,17826291,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Aldof Fapler,I will give this game a 4 out of 5 stars this game is an amazing game I totally enjoyed every moment of it I just wish it wasn't as grindy. If you are looking for a good turn-based rpg this game is worth the price but keep in mind it is grindy I have around 30 to 40 hours in it so far and I am still enjoying it. If you have any questions just add me and ill try to answer them
,Recommended,251150,17506977,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Dys,"There are very few games where at the end of them I can stop and just say ""beautiful."" This is one of them. For a JRPG, this is on par with some of the greats like Chrono Trigger. The story is brilliant, the dialoge feels natural (I live streamed the entire game, and after getting comfortable doing voices, I can say that reading the dialoge out-loud felt natural and fluid), the characters are memorable, and the world building is rather nice, too. The game's music is alright, but I feel that sometimes it doesn't always fit. The combat starts out seeming very shallow, but as you progress, you discover more diverse ways of making characters unique in a similar manner to FF7's Materia setup. The story starts a bit slow, but does pick up quickly and is truely memorable. It does end on a cliffhanger, and the second game for this trilogy has yet to be translated for English audiances, so keep that in mind. For the current 20$ price, however; you get around 60hrs of a truely beautiful game. Most highly recommended."
76561197966423083,Recommended,251150,17934028,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Amaterasu,"This game scratrched my nostalgia.  The dialogue, characters, and world building were excellent.  I can't honestly say there's been a game like it in quite some time.  It reminded me most strongly of the Tales games.Eagerly awaiting Second Chapter!"
76561197997821723,Recommended,251150,17899604,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fayetal,"A tactical turn based JRPG? Hell yeah. I sat through the typical slow opening and i was very pleased with the direction of the game. Very few times did i need to use the internet to learn where to go, but i must also admit i can not beat what (appears to be) the final boss. He/she/it (no spoilers) is crazy strong and i just cant go on. So after 100 hours of doing every little thing, im ok with stopping at the final boss. This is only one chapter of a larger 3 part series but only part 1 is on Steam. I highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,251150,17923902,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,black_dragon74,"Just completed the game after a lengthy playthrough.Highly recommended. Good combat mechanics, excellent art, and a fantastic story that had me holding back tears on occasion. Very good value for the price tag.LoH is a JRPG from top to bottom. A few anime videos, enemies that range from cute rabbit-eared fauna to bizarre mechanical monsters, and there's a whole lot of inexplicable magic attacks and staves ripping through metal and what-have-you. You're not going to see anything genre-defining here, but LoH puts enough effort into being original that it doesn't get boring and brings enough polish that it doesn't need to be more original than that.The combat is turn-based and takes a fair shot at complexity, although this is probably the game's weakest point. That said, it isn't bad at all; but with a general lack of complaints about everything else, I have to say it could have been better. The combat field and the ability to move without attacking (essentially giving up that character's turn) creates and illusion of tactical depth that really doesn't go very deep once you start exploring it. The only point to having a field in which characters move around is to bunch up for area-affect abilities and stand out of reach of an attacker with a short range. And that's good - I like that we can do those things - but it could have easily been better. One simple addition would have been the addition of terrain, rather than a completely open grid. As it is the only difference between a gun-using character and a melee character is how far they have to run to get into range to attack someone (since the guns in this game shoot bullets about as far as I can throw a rock, apparently). The system where special effects are randomly assigned to a certain spot on the character order is fun, but it could have been better.The only other problem I had was completing some Bracer jobs: even with the ""short"" to ""long"" term note, it isn't obvious when the normal course of the game's story will suddenly cause them to register as failed, or why this is. I completed maybe two or three side-jobs in Weiss, just because all of the major story mission events were happening within short walking distance of each other and it didn't occur to me to put all of it on hold while I constantly checked the jobs board and did all of that first. Some jobs are also just plain hard to figure out, like when they give you the name of some tertiary character as a contact without giving a location, too. If that's some trick to pad out the completion time, seriously, you didn't need it.The only other complaints I can muster are rather petty, and come with a SPOILER WARNING: all those airships flying around constantly, and featuring extensively in the story lore and promo video, and you only get to fly in them twice... as cargo. More missed opportunities. Also: the fight against Lorence in the royal keep that you're supposed to lose? If you're going to put in a scripted loss, at least make it so the enemy wipes you out cleanly, so that it's obvious you can't win. Having an enemy that does impressive but manageable damage and only manages to fend you off because he can heal himself faster than you can damage him is a♥♥♥♥♥♥move. I used SO many good items on that fight!Anyway. Excellent game, recommend it to everyone, looking forward to the sequel!"
,Recommended,251150,18041637,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Snickersnee,An engaging games with good graphics and story line. With an amazing soundtrack like that I could practically play for hours!!!
76561198028918001,Recommended,251150,18171976,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Joe,"Intriguing and engaging story, intresting characters with depth, easy to use and highly customisable battle system. I had a lot of fun playing this game and I would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of JRPG's. It felt very similar to the old Final Fantasy titles like 7 & 9."
,Recommended,251150,18141121,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Kinglm,"An honestly underrated JRPG. It looked charming enough to buy, but as soon as i played it i knew this game had so much more to offer. Of the list that Steam has to offer in this genre, id say this one is amoung the best. Amazing storyline (albeit, slow, but NEVER uninteresting) very believable and humerous dialogue, excellent and original combat tactics, and a downright solid looking PC port.If you are a fan of JRPG's, this is a must.8.5/10"
76561198021690428,Recommended,251150,18244180,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Yinlock,"started playing this because hey, Falcom RPG right that sounds funit's 4 days laterwhere am i"
76561198028668144,Recommended,251150,18078261,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ljonesj,great game
,Recommended,251150,16871037,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Dragon's Bait,"I loved this game when I played on the psp and I was ecstatic when I heard it was coming to the pc. At first I couldn't play it because it had some bugs and those were fixed. I can;t play it in full screen for some reason, but I don't care it is still a great game to kill some time until the next one comes out."
,Recommended,251150,16879708,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,armageta,"I've played this game on the PSP, but did not finish it because of my PSP is broke. And I'm very happy when find this game in Steam, so I can go back to play this game and hope to finish it.The PC version support mouse, so I can save money for not buying a joystick and I still can play this game when my hands are too lazy to reach the keyboard.When looking at Joshua and Estelle, that's reminds me with Kenshin and Kaoru. Because both of them have the same characteristics.10/10 really loved this game"
,Recommended,251150,16881110,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,pOpstar tweakie ~~,"To be honest, I had no big expectations about this game, bought it during the summer sales, never heard of it before. But WOW, did my mind get blown !I can only recommend this piece of fine work to any RPG-lover !They made an awesome work on both story and gameplay. The main quest is great, travelling over the country of Liberl in an open-world scheme is very fullfilling. Some plot twists are to be expected, so you'll never get bored and always want to go on to learn more ! That's how you recognize a great story-based RPG !The gameplay is fun as well. I have always been a sucker for good turn-based action, and this game surely made my day. The possibility to build your characters in any way you want is a plus, even if the possibilities are (sadly) kind of limited. There aren't a whole lot of skills to learn, and you can pretty much acquire the best spells at the middle of the game. I would say that the number of possible fighting strategies may fall short for some players, but the game doesn't suffer from it in any way.The difficulty is well-balanced, it can be challenging from time to time, but even so, players who are new to J-RPGs can still pick up and play !For some people, the main flaw of this game would be the graphics. Personnally, I don't care about graphics in RPG games as long as story and gameplay are good. Just saying, don't expect high-end PS4-like quality graphics (let me remind you it was released in Japan in 2004). In my humble opinion, I think the world design and the atmosphere serve this game pretty well in the end.If you're the type of player who wants to unlock every achievements, expect a second playthrough with a guide cause side quests are time-limited so it is easy to miss some. If you're not, well, the replay value is low, I have to say, there's no different endings or whatsoever.No spoiler alert, but the ending broke my heart and I just want to begin the second chapter of this trilogy ASAP ! Sadly, the second chapter still hasn't been translated in English yet and Xseed hasn't committed into translating the final chapter yet. So, you are warned, maybe you'll be frustrated as I am now once you've finished the game... Or maybe not. Completing this first chapter is fullfilling, and you might want to leave it at that.TL;DR: may you be a RPG-afficionado or a rookie, The Legend Of Heroes : Trails In The Sky will suit you anyway with its great story, characters and simple but fun gameplay. Expect ~40/50 hours of fun for a very reasonable price !"
76561198048287662,Recommended,251150,16855304,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Arkhus,"I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is into JRPG's. The game itself is a lot of fun. There's a lot detail put into the game in terms of NPC's and immersion. The Story is fairly straightforward, and the battle system is easy to use. The only complaint that I have is that the MC's are very generic for their archetypes."
76561198096874701,Recommended,251150,16860740,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Neslo Ais Ikat Tepi,Chasing a chicken until it is cornered.Made it pooped fresh eggs.13/10 would chase the chicken again
76561198130130663,Recommended,251150,16863941,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Skirata,"Great game, I highly reccomend to anyone who likes a good JRPG"
,Recommended,251150,16864389,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Paleonx,"Beautifully written.This game brings together everything you need for a JRPG experience and couples it with a well-paced and intereting world. The combat gets steadily more difficult throughout the game and requires tactical decisions, although I wouldn't call the game difficult. While the chibi characters and slow pace at the beginning might deter some people from playing through the whole game, I can assure you it's wholly worth it in the end."
,Recommended,251150,17451790,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,daynexi,"This is a game with a pretty slow start. Lots of exposition dialogue at the beginning before the combat tutorial. If you like JRPGs, you will probably like this game.The combat system is a mix of turn-based and tactical RPG. There is a gem-type system which allows you to customize which magic skills you want. Magic in this game is called Arts. Special Attacks are called Crafts and are unique per  character. Standard attacks build up the Craft Points (CP) meter. You can choose to spend the Craft Points once you have enough OR build the meter up to max and unleash the S-Craft attack.There is a lot of depth to this RPG, but it does take some time investment up front to get to the action. I would recommend this to anyone interested in RPGs; with a bit of patience, you'll have fun with this game."
76561198075466721,Recommended,251150,17574047,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Jean,"My Review:Positive:+ good old school classic rpg+ good soundtrack+ deep story+ good development+ nice background+ many hidden funny things+ it was over 90 hours fun for me (2 playthroughs)+ easy to play+ a little strategy in Gights+ funny dialogue, really much...+ character development is good+ unique npcsNegative:- sometimes game crashes at the beginningI give this game a solid 89% it was fun to play and I am eager to play the other installments of it :3"
76561197974850269,Recommended,251150,17606938,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Rockin' Robin,"A great game with loveable characters. Character driven story, backed up with great translation work by xseed. It credits the original script as the dialogue is the strongest bit of the game. Good thing, as there is a LOT of it.Combat animations are a bit slow and the system overall is just 'meh', but enjoyable enough tinker around with it for a couple playthroughs.Buy it already"
,Recommended,251150,17409027,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"i can definitely see the Ys influence in this game. It's nicely paced, has lots of sidequests to do, has a cool story,  some nifty  musical scores, the overworld is pretty big for its time considering when the game was released, the combat is fluid and fun to go through, offering variety in playstyles, and it's safe to say that I've gotten my money's worth out of it. I have nothing else to say but that I love this game more than I do most other RPGs, and that's including legendaries like Crono Trigger and Super Mario RPG. It's high up there. Having said that, and without spoiling anything, it ends on a cliffhanger, drags on a bit too long with the side characters and filler arcs, and has some pacing issues. So be prepared for that emotional bombshell and the fallout from it when you see it."
,Recommended,251150,17622845,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Gmac,Excellent game. Intersting combat and good story telling. Played for 24 hrs so far and dont think i've gotten very far yet.
76561198005388001,Recommended,251150,17587491,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Gorbz,"Good animation in this one.  Styalised character sprites of the chibi style (I believe), and an easily rotateable camera have everything looking nice from may angles (retation is required laster to see some paths).Not gotten that far in myself, but the story is well-written.  Not for people who don't want to sit and read, because everything out of combat involves lots of nattering with NPC'sNice and simple combat mechanics.  Maximum move/attack distance every turn, with chargable special attacks, and magical skills that can be swapped in and out depending on your choice and, to a degree, the character's specialisation."
,Recommended,251150,19579130,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Beta Sekaisen,"If you are a JRPG, this is definitely a great game to play.Solid story, fun combat--overall a quite excellent pacing/balance between story and battles."
76561198129444994,Recommended,251150,19582270,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Ryncho,"If you like to play a turn based RPG with a good story line, you really should pick this game up.Please, don't hesitate to play just because the graphic of this game isn't as great as today typical game.You will really enjoy this game if you pay attention to what the NPC's are talking about, because what the NPC say gets changed everytime you hit a new phase, chapter, part, whatever it is you call it.They also put a lot of jokes inside this game which made me grin quite a lot and I assure you that you won't get bored by reading all the dialogue.Just imagine you are playing Harvest Moon: Back to Nature without the need to take care of your farm, but you still have the need to talk to everybody in townIf this one is not enough for you, Steam just brought us the Second Chapter of this game, and I hope XSEED will localize the third and bring it to steam too."
76561198073213855,Recommended,251150,19546702,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mad Jacq,"Barely recommending this game.Pros:*Excellent port to PC*Story, characters, and text dialogue are AAA and involving (so much so that I went hunting and found the old OVA, Yay!)*There is some actual strategy that goes into the turn-based fights along with pre-fight prep (though less so here involving gear which is limited, but rather with skill selection via ""orbments"" which are interesting). I'd call the game strategy lite in this regard.Cons:Just one, but it's really bringing me down here with 24 hours in... the game is on rails. It's on rails real bad actually. So much so that I am starting to wonder whether I should just go watch my anime. If Skyrim is OPEN world, then Trails here is most assuredly CLOSED. Heck you can't even zone if you haven't had a key interaction yet (one of your party members will suggest ""hey, we should go back..."". It's to the point where if I am not really doing anything in the world then I'm inclined to tell the game ""Well, you let the clutch out and I'll just sit here and watch. You clearly don't need me""We could use more JRPGs on Steam, especially ones of AAA quality like this one. But lets find some with MORE player choice and gameplay instead of gameWATCH."
,Recommended,251150,19601970,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,(Kuro) 1 Litre of Tears,Fun to play. Good storyline
76561198219183747,Recommended,251150,19596444,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,geoid,"One of the best JRPGs since the turn of the millenium. Battle system and graphics are a bit outdated, but the characters, story and music make up for it."
76561198057883515,Recommended,251150,19550750,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,HistoricHeroics,"As someone who played this when it first came out for the PSP I can say that I am thrilled with this port! Great graphics, the sounds even better, and all the great content I love is here.If you are planning on using a controller some of the button mapping can be a bit weird so I played by switching between the keyboard and my Xbox 360 controller.If you love a complex and rewarding JRPG with memorable characters and an interesting magic/skill system then you have found it! Made even better with the knowledge that the sequel is available on Steam as well. Hopefully the last entry will be here soon."
76561198148966981,Recommended,251150,19734554,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,hikiyume,A mix between Final Fantasy Tactics and Final Fantasy 7 gameplay.  Fun characters and story-rich. 10/10
76561198058873221,Recommended,251150,19645766,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,jsgoff1,"This is the first game that I have played in a LONG time that actually made me feel like I did when I was 10 and played games like Breath of Fire on my SNES. It's a great game that feels like the old RPGs from the 90s.Music is cute and catchyBattle tends to range between SUPER easy and ""WTF?!""Leveling is a bit of a grind, but I'm sure you know that already.The characters are a lot of fun and cover the entirety of anime tropes.I really think if you give this game a real chance you'll fall in love with it, or at the very least you'll fall in love with what the game is attempting to do."
76561198025071715,Recommended,251150,19725810,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,HULKGAMECRIT,"A FANTASTIC RPG THAT SUFFERED FROM BEING ON THE PSPEVERY TREASURE CHEST HAS A STORYTHE MAIN PLAYABLE CHARACTER IS FEMALE, FEELS LIKE A GENUINE PERSON, AND LIGHTLY BRUSHES AGAINST ADVERSITY BY SMACKING IT WITH LARGE HEAVY STICKSHILK LIKES THATHULK REALLY REALLY LIKES THAT"
,Recommended,251150,19662151,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Squareslug,"Simply put, this game is legendary. It's rare that I could play a jrpg these days and feel anything more than an appreciation for the game. Trails in the Sky went above and beyond my expectations and REALLY blew me away.The characters/story/world building/ and combat were all really well done. Well worth the money and especially can't wait to play the second chapter at some point."
76561198040343125,Recommended,251150,19639127,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,That's ich!,You know a game is superb when the 71 Hours you played felt like 10 Hours.*goes to prepare for SC*
,Not Recommended,251150,20153156,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Don Grobione,"Honestly, I tried to like the game. The story is intriguing, alas a bit slow to start. The Characters are colorfull and the graphics are okay, but what the game killed for me was the combat. It is slow and annoying, never in my roleplaying days have I ever tried to cheat just to bypass the combat. I went to great length just to evade random encounters, but sadly I had no luck.  So I gave up."
76561198076402616,Recommended,251150,20125595,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DocDon,"While the likes of 'Undertale' is haute cuisine, TLOH♥♥♥♥♥♥is like a big bowl of pasta in your favourite sauce.That is to say... it is perhaps not the most finely editied game ever, nor is it (so far) terribly original or groundbreaking and like a large bowl of pasta, there is a fair amount of stodge here. And like my extended metaphor pasta, it is a bit loaded with cheese...But the characters are likable, the story keeps you occupied and the enviroments, while a bit lego-like/too obvious to see the components they are built of, are still pleasing enough.Suffice to say if you like JRPGs, this is a fairly charming and enjoyable example.If you do not like JRPGs, this will not convert you."
,Recommended,251150,20139621,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Xhelos,"Fantastic JRPG with a great story, great characters, funny dialogue and an interesting combat system. Definitely worth picking up for any JRPG fan."
76561198113133990,Recommended,251150,20211292,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,sxptic,v good
,Recommended,251150,20205934,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Wonder,"This is a wonderful game with a great story! So many well written reviews on here about this game that I don't want to repeat what has already been said.  If you are into JRPGs, turn based combat, and most of all AMAZING stories with lots of laughs and maybe a couple tears, definitely pick this game up! Some of the best 60-80 hours I have spent on a PC."
76561198074531402,Recommended,251150,20205429,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,msa1133,"A fantastic game. Much better than the PSP version with High Res graphics, bug fixes, translation updates and more! Grab it and enjoy some awesome RPG moments!"
76561198002569726,Recommended,251150,20150141,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Minnow,"Long, but quite good."
76561198063371088,Recommended,251150,20181596,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,justsleeveit,"just finshed the game, easy to play but with some nice customisations to gameplay make it overall fun and entertaining even if the excessive small talk dialogue is f***ing annoying at times.....BUT with joyous character quirks like a new age dominatix style alchoholic who's 'special move' is to run at the screen with her cleavage and then tell her opponents 'someones been naughty' and then proceeds to whip them vigourosly while she giggles, a dirty neu-romantic pervy poet that tries to sleaze on everyone even the teenagers and a somewhat incestuos sister-adopted brother romance plot make it all worth while!"
,Recommended,251150,20105391,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,sweetcakes,Scree☆!
76561198132082146,Recommended,251150,16752220,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,JeremyB,The game is meant for anyone who enjoy classic feel RPGs and it so delivers..Most play if you love RPGs
,Recommended,251150,16851006,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,keiichimorisato98,"want a easy going JRPG with deep lore, character development, quests, NPC's, and battles? then this is the JRPG for you. there is none of that world saving, giant bad guys, or political intrigue. it's a story about two children who go on a journey to search for their father while training to be a mercenary in the Bracer Guild. it's worth playing, and all of your progress is transferred over to NG+ and the second game, which is very nice."
76561198149156241,Recommended,251150,16620483,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kayt,"I wasn't really sure about this game at first but it ended up being one of my favorite games, I have played it a few times through.I will say this game may not be for everyone, it largely story driven, so if you like a game with a very strong storyline this one shouldn't be missed.  The next game which is a continuation of this one will be released soon."
76561198170481895,Recommended,251150,16621198,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,rendangboy,I hope the second chapter released on Steam
76561198062331224,Recommended,251150,16282016,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Sharkateer,"This game is great! The story is excellent, the characters are excellent, the combat is excellent. If you grew up with snes and early psone RPGs, do yourself a favor and play this game immediately.My only real complaint is that the late game is fairly easy."
76561198028102499,Recommended,251150,16403397,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,aznpiano,Had a great time playing this amazing game! Such an epic adventure with a great story!
76561198045796956,Recommended,251150,16406370,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MeOC6H5,Amazing.Buy.Not even♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I bought it just before sale.Oh well.Money well spent.What is up with S&M girl though (you will see who i mean).
76561198051768258,Recommended,251150,16457933,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Master Link,"good game, waiting for SEQUEL!"
,Recommended,251150,16459782,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Zanda64,I LOVE THIS GAME WITH ALL MY HEART! IT HAS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL STORY THAT WILL KEEP YOU ON END TILL THE VERY END. Haven't played a game this good in a long time!I highly recomend a controller though as the keyboard controlls are really clunky10/10
76561197995502836,Recommended,251150,16199970,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,正義的騎士,This game has a great story. Length of dialogues can be a little long but overall the game is very nice and fun to play through. Can be quite challenging at times but the challenge makes it fun. 9/10
76561198035325359,Recommended,251150,16206238,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,}-{yDr@04,"Rich storry line, reminds me of my favorite RPGs on PSX. I realy loved this game!"
,Recommended,251150,16155948,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ActStriker,"Great RPG, and leaves you desperately wanting the sequel. Lots to explore and the world building is great. Some of the achievements feel a little bugged, though"
,Recommended,251150,16360640,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,"A2, 2B, 9S","Such a rich story, wish there was like japanese dub to this, so I can enjoy the story more that it is."
,Recommended,251150,16081413,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,astray1202,"I recommend this game to anyone who love JRPG. This game is just awesome with a great soundtrack, good plot, good gameplay and a lot of customization."
76561198065147783,Recommended,251150,16084091,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,kerryleblanc,"Fun game, but sadly little to no replay value. You only get one character who has one class. The highlight to this game is the conversations you have in the game. I do recommend it, at least once. Due to it's story line and dialogue."
76561198134108131,Recommended,251150,16086805,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Taggy Sitties,Lost my spaghetti to the ending.spaghetti/10Would lose spaghetti again.
,Recommended,251150,16299919,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Hildy,"If you grew up with JRPG's in the 90's and enjoyed the likes of Lunar and Grandia and have been looking for something to scratch that itch then Trails in the Sky is definitely your game. It's got all the elements; Simple but well-told story with super likeable characters? Check. Fun turn-based combat? Check. Super catchy and charming music? Check. Main character with an adopted sibling? Check. Borderline-incestuous-but-still-really-touching-romance with said adopted sibling? Double check. I joke (kind of) but in all seriousness, if you want a game that captures all that indefinable charm that games from the SNES and PS1 era lived and died by then seriously consider giving this game a go."
,Recommended,251150,16554362,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,XDuckX,i want try this game and i hope make not disappoint
,Recommended,251150,16554793,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ObiAnders,Recommended
76561198077792899,Recommended,251150,16556202,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,musclecarhunter92,9/10
,Recommended,251150,16255007,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Shinnjiro,Can't wait for SC! :)
76561198048284928,Recommended,251150,16364815,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lilinae,Quite a fun game. Looking forward to SC and Trails of Cold Steel when they come out.
76561198056022898,Recommended,251150,15554790,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DaBomb,"One of the best JRPGs I've ever played. The storyline had me hooked from the very beginning, it's EXTREMELY well written. The characters are all entertaining, and the music for the game is fantastic (Silver Will sends chills down my spine every time). Gameplay is well thought out with an interesting progression system and lots of strategy for party setups. The combat gets slightly repetitive towards the end. Cannot recommend enough to every gamer out there."
76561198147811180,Recommended,251150,15395175,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Minju33,"I love JRPGs and was really missing the RPGs I played back in the day.  I came across this game first on the PSP and wasn't too impressed with the graphics but I gave it a shot and instantly became addicted to it.  Everything about this game is just great; the music, the world, the characters, the battle system, the story! The game is humorous too.  I actually found myself laughing loudly after reading some of the dialogue.  You begin to really care for the characters and understand their dilemmas. I would highly recommend this game to anybody who likes RPGs.BUT be warned that this game ends on a cliff hanger.  You will be wanting more by the end of the game and the Second Chapter is not out yet in the US. It is supposedly coming out on Steam this year, 2015. You can do what I did and do a playthrough on steam so you're ready for the sequel.  I pray to God that they localize the entire series!!"
76561197995874167,Recommended,251150,15513949,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sudain,"I'm a fan of 2d top down RPGs and Anime so this was a spot on hit for me.  I enjoyed the story greatly, especially how the towns are 'alive'(the NPCs always have something new to say).  There are tons of hidden secrets - ala talking to NPCs you wouldn't think to talk to during VERY specific times.  There are Guides in steam - USE THEM if you are after 100% completion.  Chapter 2 isn't out(yet); and may or may not be great.  Still, great RPG and enjoyable story.  The last part left me going, WTF?! a bit, but the story is supposed to lead into another game so.... it makes sense.  If more of this universe come out I'd pick them up."
76561198113974271,Recommended,251150,15431490,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,"winick3 ""am I kawaii?""","This game is deffinantly worth the money. I have nearly completed it and it has been suprisingly fun.The story is really good and all the charecters are really remmemberal, but there is somthing that lets the game down and that is the dialog. Now the dialog is really nice in all but there seems to be far to much and some times your just skipping it.All in all I will give this game a 8/10"
76561197987041919,Recommended,251150,15561340,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,muzagrifford,Great JRPG I can hardly wait for parts 2 and 3!
,Recommended,251150,15523987,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,๖ۣۜ A Red Cookie๖,"Fantastic story, only one path but enjoyable."
,Recommended,251150,15570037,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,noocybbuS,"This game was one of few that has captivated me in a way that after playing it, I longed for more story! I anxiously await the port for the sequel; been waiting for any sort of information for it but still havent heard anything...Please import the sequel soon!"
76561198008966025,Recommended,251150,15482295,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,bluemage27034,"I really enjoyed this game. The characters are fun and engaging, the story is solid, there's a good element of challenge, and the battle/magic system is well thought out (if it does drag a bit sometimes. There aren't really fast battles, but there's also not a lot of backtracking, so that doesn't matter so much). The look and feel is good and I liked the music and sound effects. There's tons of side quests and what not, so a lot game hours to go through if you want to get all the badges (I think I spent like 40).All in all, I, an avid RPG fan, would have gladly spent the $20 Steam wanted for this. If you like RPGs and its on a Holiday sale, like I got it, jump on it!"
76561198057721688,Recommended,251150,11743603,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Foabias,"Fantastic game. I recommend it for anyone who likes RPGs and a good story.At first, I was gritting my teeth at some of the jokes in the game; They were being told several times too many. However, I did see that the story gave you a few tidbits of a greater whole. I was suspicious if the story actually was that deep but as the game progressed further, it crushed all my doubts. If you like story-driven games, you WILL like this one. Also, the jokes do actually manage to make you laugh (the empty chests are quite funny in particular)The combat system is well-made, and won't leave you dissatisfied. There are plenty of things to consider; Individual's own strengths, overall team strategy, positioning in combat, choosing and arranging power-boosting equipment knows as quartzs... There's plenty to think about, and I can't think of anything that needs improving.Also, the leveling system is built so that you can choose to skip most ""random encounters"". Undoubtetly, encounters will be a bit more difficult but nothing you can't manage (if you like extra challenge). You gain exp based on the difficulty of battle so you won't be under-leveled. There are no different difficulties but there is an option that makes the encounter easier for every time you retry it (which is on by default).Also, music is great. Something you'll want to listen afterwards too.Once again, I recommend you to play this game. This game is meant to be the first part of a trilogy, and I'm already looking forward to the second one!"
,Recommended,251150,16093116,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Marginkor Finsin,"I was not expecting to enjoy this game as much as I did.  I never got frustrated at the game for combat, or anything like that.  The game's characters and plot are amazing and the music is worth listening to on its own.  I would recommend this to anyone who want to lose themselves in an amazing world for 40ish hours."
76561198053510937,Recommended,251150,16062418,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,JunRu,"must try this game, worth your time. still waiting for the next saga to come out"
76561198068077529,Recommended,251150,16066774,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,parky6103,Really Good RPG game.Definitely the game for recommendation~!
76561198088086141,Recommended,251150,16020696,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,NTLuck,"An Excellent game, compliments to the creators and kudos to XSEED for bringing us this Magnificent game. Can't wait for the second chapter which should be released this year. Hopefully XSEED won't give up on the third chapter, that would be devestating for me and other JRPG enthusiasts."
,Recommended,251150,16887986,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Metroixer,i am 30 hours into this game and i only just got to the halfway point. i'm not even trying to play slow or anything this is the regular pace. i want to escape anime hell but i love anime hell
76561198027624557,Recommended,251150,16921387,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,AlexnChaos,"One of the best JRPG's I've played in a while, and while I've not had as much time to put towards it as I may want, what I have has been well worth the play"
76561197985463143,Recommended,251150,17473075,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,dh88274,"A great JRPG. I bought this day one to support the genre and to hopefully show other JRPG developers that Steam (and PC in general) should be the new home for their products. Honestly the console market has had a serious JRPG drought for the past 10 years. That aside I was very impressed by Chapter 1. I pleyed it years ago on the PSP but didn't get very far. I just didn't like the orbments. And after finishing the game I have to admit it was the weakest area of the game for me.  Kinda like the Materia System from FF7 just more complicated and a little confusing. Other than that minor gripe, I absolutely. loved this game. Battles are fun; the characters' personalities are all well define and likable; the story is well pasted and entertaining.  Really, the characters and story are the best part. It's a bit of a slow burn (it is only part one of a trilogy) but there's none of that: ""Hey! That guy wants to destroy/control the world. Let's get him! IT R DESTINY"" (50 hours  later) ""We did it! The ancient prophecy has been fulfilled!!.... TL NEXT TIME..."". Most of the game is a coming of age tale. It's also part mystery, part light-hearted sidequest, and even part love story. (They aren't blood related so its kinda OK) I could say a lot more but I don't want to spoil anything. Just know that if you love JRPGs, funny and interesting characters and story, you have to play this. And you'll show that us on Steam want more JRPGs other that indie and Final Fantasys. XSEED HURRY WITH CHAPTER 2!!!!"
,Recommended,251150,17475094,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Advendra,"Anyone who wants to play high quality classic JRPG (great story, unique gameplay and classic graphic) should play this game. Follow the story."
,Recommended,251150,17475552,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Cilvre,"fun story and engaging combat system, definitely going to end up replaying it again as i missed some earlier stuff for achievements"
,Recommended,251150,17687720,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,9-Foot Tall Olympic Pornstar,"If you like JRPGs in any capacity and don't mind a slow start, this is a game you need to treat yourself to. Looking past the start, some anime-cliches, and the occasional tendency to bog you down with side-quests, you'll find a game with a solid combat system, utilizing turn order based bonus effects (ex. crits) and turn order manipulation to get an advantage, a story that grows from the standard JRPG children on an adventure, but comes into its own style towards the second half, and characters that you can't help but quickly grow to love. The final chapter completely subverts your expectations and rips out your heart. The final boss fight felt like it genuinely challenged how well you had learned the systems in place, and leaves you feeling accomplished to beat. All in all, I can't think of a JRPG I prefer to this little gem, and if you have any interest in JRPGs, and want to see more of them come to the PC platform, JUMP ON THIS. Now to wait for that damn sequel..."
76561198087976550,Recommended,251150,17479866,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Yuri,Great game10/10
76561198138200751,Recommended,251150,17714916,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,iswisteven,"(One of) the best JRPGs I have ever played. Combat and movement may seem slow at times, but a fantastic game overall."
76561198040464406,Recommended,251150,17722519,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,buttflaps,Seems a fine game WAY too much dialogue imo and im normally all about reading to keep up with the story but this one can get ridiculous at times lol other than that it's awesome!
76561198055169917,Recommended,251150,17537185,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,xBleedingSoulx,"Brilliant game, I highly recommend it. The story is amazing and the gameplay isn't half bad either. The only gripe I have is the amount of running around and backtracking there is, especially if you aim to complete all the side quests."
,Recommended,251150,17133384,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,parati570,"Probably my favorite JRPG, The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is filled with story, suspense, shock, addictive gameplay, and enough gameplay to keep you going for a while. Once the second part is out it will be the first game I buy. The characters are always motivated which keeps you going even more. I reccommend this to anyone and everyone who likes JRPGs."
76561198080404194,Recommended,251150,17133681,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Airicah,Great game. Awesome storyline. Good gameplay.  Worth the money!
76561197970705380,Recommended,251150,16975214,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Volvotank,"A classic style RPG, with elements of final fantasy and chrono trigger, I really enjoyed this nostalgic game.9/10"
,Recommended,251150,16979965,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,rickster747,This game is beautiful.
,Recommended,251150,13629310,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"5/5 This game is a classic feel but with a nice mix of a traditional rpg with some rather modern elements. However what sells this game is not only the seriousness of the game but the indepth value of the character and plot development. Although there are some misses here and there in my opinion. This game has the right feel so far from what I've played in it. There are times the characters will make you laugh, there are some sad notions, the soundtrack sells it. The Legend of Heroes is also a series for those who didn't know. Seeing this here made me happy. I picked it up and like other titles it doesn't disappoint, although I admit the series was continuations for some. This one I recommend for it takes a bit of time for you to get through some stuff. As well as you can miss a few things. Still I find that the game itself is entertaining and can take a while. Which is nice for any rpg fan however remember grinding does happen. Just when you play this game note it is very ""lengthy"" with some discussions. However there are moments that you will find throughout the game that have it's finer qualities in both comedy and seriousness. Although after a while you can kind of see a familiar plot set from here compared to others but it has it's own ""character"" I'd like to say."
,Recommended,251150,13655331,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,"3.5 hours in and I can say with confidence that this is a game wirth sinking your teeth into for a little while. It's definitely got that FF feel, but the theme is less overwhelming/all-encompassing. Definitely a fun bit to put some time into. However, if you're seeking something with some maturity and graphic action, this may not be the game for you. A little slow to start, but once you understand the characters and their lives, it's fun."
76561198035442474,Recommended,251150,13655340,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mithlandir,"This game quickly became my favorite in my library. This is my first review so bare with me. I found it durring the anual steam sales and almost skipped it. I am so glad I did not.First off this game is a jrpg on steam. If that is all you needed to hear to play this game then go on and buy this game now and stop reading this review. For those who do not recognize this term it stands for Japanese role playing games. The most famous series being Final Fantasy. Google would be a good resourse if you want more information. And now back to the review.Graphics are very nostalgic. If the look of 16bit era games appeals to you then this game will be no exception. The asthetics in this game are very pretty. Character sprites are very well done. Nothing revolutionary, but whatever computer you are running should have no problems running this.The combat is really fun. Please note this is a turn based combat system. For those of you who are use to more action based games this might be a downside. That being said this combat system is really well done. It is simple which makes it very easy to learn. However it has enough challlenge to it to engage you in the fights. The main quest line keeps you about at the level you need to be so grinding is not very necessary.The writing of this game is exceptional. The characters in this game are wounderful. The dialoge is so well done that the characters just seem real. The plot is very well done. It details an adventure that never makes you question why any of the characters are involved with the story.Now the most intriging part of this game, and something I was not expecting is how in depth the world is. The first major accomplishment is every character not only has a name, but their dialogue changes throughout the story. and when I say any character I mean every character. The shop keepers, quest givers, the people eating at the resteraunts, that little girl who is wating for her mother and every character that is in the game all have thier own name and changing dialogue. Also another wonderous thing is that the main characters are not the only travelers in this game. Minor npcs can be found in other towns and have thier own paths to travel in the game. The longer you spend in the game the more you realize how much work was out into it. The world feels very alive and natural. that takes a lot of attention to detail.Now I hope that you are just as thriled about this game as I am. It is worth a lot more than twenty dollars and is very good. Go buy it and experence it for yourself. This is a masterpiece so go enjoy it. If I did not sell it to you read some of the other reviews. The only thing I can say is to reiterate that this game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,251150,13601248,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,sodamonster,"Trails is an excellent game.  Start with that.  As many JRPGs as I've played, I've never come across a more compelling story.  Sure the combat and graphics are antiquated (seeing as it was originally released in what, 2006?), but even in the earliest japanese role playing games, stories have been central to user enjoyment.  And Trails gets that perfectly.While there are some interesting gizmos to work with in the equipment and combat of LoH, it's not really about that.  The turn-based, element-based, mix-and-match-skills shenanigans won't impress anyone.  It's the charming, quirky story that drives you on, hour and hour, into the depths of the first chapter to what I hope is a long and fruitful franchise.Though, and this is just me being petty, but the main character girl is mostly annoying.  She is pretty prototypical of so many japanese stereotypes.  I guess the male main character is too, but he gets more interesting as the story goes, while she remains a typical meathead, act-first-then-talk-about-it type individual.  Yes, I know they're kids and kids are annoying and stupid, but since you're going to be sifting through massive amounts of dialogue, it's helpful to not have annoying characters.That's really my only gripe about the game.  That while the story is fantastic, and it never ends up being boring, sometimes I have to wonder what the game developers were thinking.  They KNEW that these two characters would receive the most screen-time, so why wouldn't they go to great pains to make them less annoying?  Ah, I'll never know.Maybe it's just that budding romances between children are not interesting to me.  Okay, that's really off-topic.The best part of this game is the story, yes, I've said that already.  But the second best part is the atmopshere-building.  The npcs that wander around, the shopkeeps, the snippets of random dialogue, and the dialogue from the other companions are all masterful.  It all creates an atmophere that leaves you wanting to play more and more.  At one point you meet a bard/musician that has never said a non-risque thing in his life, and Schera who is a whip-weilding mentor.  Also some red-haired guy with a giant sword who just HAS to come off as a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in every context.Oh and don't forget that one girl with the cannon.  She's ehm...I despise this word....adorable.  She is, it's undeniable.Okay.  If you enjoy great stories, decent combat, acceptable graphics, acceptable interfaces, and excellent dialogue, then you are in luck.  Buy this game, and eagerly await Trails in the Sky: Second Chapter as I am.  Until next time, space traveler."
76561197973639138,Recommended,251150,13601877,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,2armz \0/,"This is a fun game, with a great stroy line in it.  The fighting sysytem is cool, and the skills that you can get are awsome as well.  Although i just started the game, i feel like i will be enjoying it till the very end.   I feel like i went back to the good ol` SNES days!"
76561197983960885,Recommended,251150,13862649,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,romandcast,Where? Is? My? Second? Chapter? :(@
,Recommended,251150,13896467,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ジュース,"Please, bring out the other games in the series on Steam."
,Recommended,251150,13857777,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Unity-Chan,"Best JRPG of all times, I have played this (FC) on my PSP long time ago, still willing to pay for this game now that is on PC, really good character design, they feel so real that I feel sad when they are sad, I feel happy when they are happy. Huge yet nice story.I hope steam will have SC and 3rd soon."
,Recommended,251150,13909091,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Chrolt,"In short: A classic JRPG with little innovation, but done very well. One of the best JRPG's I've ever played.Combat is interesting, with random bonuses appearing at certian turns and you having to plan around position on battlefield, enemy weakness and what action to use depending on when you want your unit to act. Also party members come and go, and the only 2 that stay are the two main characters. The spell system works quite similarly to FF7's where you give your team different spells (through something the game calls ""orbs"") which allows them to cast different magic. Different combinations give different spells, and it's fun to play around with and try to find the best build. All the different combinations are given to you very early in the game, making it a lot easier to mix and match what you want.So combat's pretty good, but where this shines is the story. The characters are interesting and are often changed (every 5-6 hours that is), so you only have two constants in your party, and it really aids the story that the number of party members is limited so you can focus on the individual characters, without having to have all 8 in the same conversation. The story itself is interesting with a few twists here and there, though some of them are fairly foreseeable, especially for the players who get to watch cutscenes the protagonists don't.Played through the game once, and clocked in at around 38-40 hours, there is an episode 2 and 3 coming in english but I don't know when."
76561198042181093,Recommended,251150,13919107,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,McSlur,Game moved mouse curser for me 10/10 would weeb again
,Recommended,251150,19176026,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Zan,The storyline is definitely the key point of this game which I glad I bought it when it was on sale.Get this and SC as well for full enjoyment.
76561198047493639,Recommended,251150,19176738,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Vlakri,"Motto: Genial things are simple.This is first game from three chapters . You are following story and life of Estelle Bright young bracer and her friends. Love, fear, ominous enemies twists in characters .  The graphic is simple, isometric resembles of Ragnarok online or Breath of fire IV. There is no search for hidden objects in towns and settlements, no walls of text during dialogues or dialogue options, no tough moral decisions,  character are sometimes a little shallow  . Combat can be challenging at higher difficulities ,even frustrating especially in second chapter but nothing inovative.So why for God sake I recommend it to You? Because this game has soul!Something that force you to follow the story, be fond of characters  simply sit down and enjoy the flow of narrative. Something that force you to write your first review after really huge amount games played . Not being distracted  by too many side things or huge lore, it let you simply enjoy the show.By simple doesn´t mean simplistic or not polished, on the contrary  Dialogues are usually short especially with commoners but... Every! character even a little one, every commoner will change his line after story progresses. Game is divided into chapters and after you ended  chapter  fighted the boss, you can (but don´t have to), visit everyone you get acquainted with and hear what more he or she  has to say or simply move on . It makes You feel that  this world is actually living its live, not waiting for you to appear play its role and then freeze in time.  You see that creators put lot of love in it and making things look simple requires lot of work and love.If u dont mind being guided through simple but interesting story with character twists In JRPG style, If You dont mind absence of open world this game is for You and is worth every penny. Just sit to your PC and enjoy your show."
76561198001668419,Recommended,251150,19236614,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,CapFox,Enthralling.
76561198056204004,Recommended,251150,19214679,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,pieterbas,Lovely game. Only the texts can be a bit long.
76561198078270200,Recommended,251150,17275331,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,homix1231,Wow I must say this game is amazing I've played alot of jrpgs but none quite like this i must say i am very impressed with graphics and game play and the story so far is fantastic it reminds me of watching a very good anime. I'd say 4 1/2 stars**Update**After beating this game I have determined it is worth a full 5 stars and is now my number 3 game in my all time favorite games. This game is a gem an worth every penny can't wait to play sc
,Recommended,251150,19268704,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zole,"I played through the full game on Vita with the PSP version, as this game has a lot of reading and I like my JRPGs on the go. This game is a solid 50 hours if you take your time with it. The story was phenomenal, the combat and other mechanics were great. The difficulty was pretty tame, so it added to the story without being frustrating. I did play a few hours on the PC version and the visuals, sound, and controls are way better, it's just harder to sit in front of the computer long enough to play through a game of this size."
76561198122721461,Recommended,251150,18381263,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,alexandre.belinge,Overall a fun game (so far ...)I quit because I was tired of the endless useless chatter with no purpose.I'll get back to it someday but not for a while.CheersA.
,Recommended,251150,18552712,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,[PLAY]hsherlock46,"good story, nice character, turn based gameplay, JRPG..10/10"
76561198016141515,Recommended,251150,18578878,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,UberGoober,"If you have a love for classic JRPG's with a pretty good story and likable characters, then I'd recomend getting this game. I wouldn't recomend this for someone looking for some revolutionary RPG that exceeds expectations, this if more of a fuzzy blanket of RPG's that's comfortable than an incredible adventure. But I thoughly enjoyed playing this, and would say it's worth a purchase."
76561198071427268,Recommended,251150,18465483,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Hooplah,Don't even hesitate. Buy this game if you are a JRPG fan. Some of the best dialogue/world building I've ever seen with an amazing story to boot.Can't wait for the sequel SC.
76561198010227034,Recommended,251150,18469255,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Seseau,"What an absolutely outstanding game. One of the best JRPG's I've played.Combat is solid, graphics are nice and kind of a throw-back to old school JRPGs. The game works perfectly on PC, too. Not a single bug I've had.And the story... the story is the reason why you play this game. It's just so damn good.Would recommend four times over if I could."
76561197990248385,Recommended,251150,18541290,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,turkmenbashi,worth 20 bucks. builds nicey for the second one they are almost finished with.
,Recommended,251150,18633901,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Knight Doc Wolfe,"So, I need the second game to be released on steam so I can throw all my money at the computer."
,Recommended,251150,18500698,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Farmer John,i love this game.. its fun to play and the story is so goodddddd
76561198067567357,Recommended,251150,18618988,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Sapphirewave,"I went in to this blind.I heard it was good, but.....This is now in the top 5 games I've ever played for both game play and story."
,Recommended,251150,18620157,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,cheddarchet,"JRPGs have a reasonable following in the world at large, but it’s only in the last few years that they’ve become readily available on Steam. What was once a barren wasteland for JRPG fans has slowly blossomed, and gamers now find themselves with a decent catalogue to choose from whenever popping online. So now we found ourselves, over a year after Trails in the Sky’s Steam release date, investigating to see how it holds up to the competition.In many ways, Trails in the Sky is standard fare for JRPGs. You have a coming of age story for the two protagonist siblings, Estelle and Joshua, a budding romance, and a seemingly small quest that expands to world-saving proportions as the game progresses. You could even fairly say that the story of the game isn’t particularly exciting, and doesn’t begin to move until you’re about thirty hours of the game. Instead, Trails in the Sky leans more heavily on the character interactions throughout the game to keep players interested. Of major note is the way your party changes as the game progresses. Unlike many JRPG titles, most party members in Trails of the Sky are not permanent additions. As a result, you have a rolling party roster instead of one that slowly grows throughout the game. Players get to know a new character throughout each chapter of the story. It’s a neat way to give players a chance to constantly get to know characters, but it’s not always for the best.A distinct pattern sets in as the game progresses, with each chapter’s progress marked pretty similarly. You meet a new character. A small incident occurs requiring your attention, and you help them out. The trouble grows, and more about the new character is woven into the adventure. It’s not a bad way to write a story, but seeing it four times in the same game? It’s a little much. Thankfully, all these meetings do culminate into one impressive final chapter, but it’s a shame that the story takes so long to get off the ground as a result.Luckily, Trails in the Sky’s combat is much less formulaic. The standard turn-based system players might expect is quite a bit different, and instead you’ll find yourself battling enemies on a small map. Characters can freely move around the map on their turns, and you must rely on your position and turn order to take advantage of your opponents. In fact, turn order might be the most crucial part of the battle. As the battle progresses, you can see bonuses that certains will acquire on their turns. If you time your magic spells correctly or insert yourself into one of those turns using a special attack, you can grab bonuses from your enemies for yourself. As a result, carefully managing your craft points (CP), which increase every time you deal or receive damage, is vital, as you need at least 100/200 to launch one of your “Special Breaks.” A large, screen-dominating attack that can be used any time during the battle at the cost of all your character’s CP points. As a result, battles rarely feel stale, even if some of them can drag on a little long.Longer boss battles can be a lot of fun, but against your everyday grunts it starts to feel like a chore later in the game. This isn’t helped by cheery, yet repetitive battle music throughout the adventure. The same music persists outside of battle as well, and until the final chapter, you can expect to hear the same town, city, overworld, and dungeon themes no matter where you go. Thankfully, the themes we do have are quite well done. I only wish we could’ve had a few more of them. It’s to the composer’s credit that I didn’t ever dislike the music, but spend fifty hours with any song, and you’ll start to get bored.For all my complaints though, I enjoyed Trails in the Sky. It’s a slow starter, but the ending was strong and left me anticipating the second chapter’s release on Steam. If you’re not a patient gamer, then Trails in the Sky might not be for you. If you enjoy getting to know a large cast, starting an epic, 3-game saga, and interesting combat, give it a shot!"
76561198060745815,Recommended,251150,18424472,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Daimon Michiko,TSUNDERE SIMULATOR 10/10
,Recommended,251150,18647656,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Pandacub Malfoy,It's silly to think that people wouldn't like this game. I don't see how you couldn't.
76561198002774794,Recommended,251150,18053430,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,ApexHawk,"TLDR: 7/10, this is more like a good book than a good RPG. A really unique game for the discerning crowd.The game has a pretty thin battle system, really slow pacing and it takes a long, long time for the mechanics to finally open up, but the writing is top notch, and there is a LOT of it. The story is not your typical ""saving the world"" affair, but instead a character piece that focuses on two young adventurers travelling through a fantasy world, occasionally running into adventures while the larger plot slooooowly builds up in the backround.The game's writing is just top notch, and there must be several novels worth of text here, and AND it's all really well translated. It's hard to explain in a few words, but basically all of the main characters have really strong characterization, well written dialogue, funny little quips every now and then, and the game pushes even more mini-stories and worlbuilding into the random NPCs and quests that litter the various carefully crafted (if super simple) environments. Basically, if you enjoy getting lost in annother world, and getting to know and care about the characters in it, this game is for you. Enjoyment of a slow-paced, light hearted fantasy novel is essential for enjoying the game itself. I also enjoy an anime-style game that doesn't pander to me with forced fanservice moments, especially with a female protagonist.A good JRPG, however, this is not. The battle-system is really simple, the character customzation takes a dozen hours to get interesting, your party is very restricted, and the side quests are often rather linear. Still, the systems are serviceable, and at least avoid being painful. You can also skip a lot of the combat, since there are no random encounters (enemies are visible on the map)I have a lot of problems with this game, but despite them, I'm enjoying it a lot. At first I couldn't stand to play for long periods due to the snail-like pacing of the opening chapter. The game hold your hand a lot, and spends an awful lot of time just doing inconsequential things before we've even gotten aqcuainted with the characters. It took, maybe seven hours for me to really get into the game, but once I did... well, I'd say I'll be finishing this game pretty soon.So overall, if you are the patient type, you will probably enjoy this game. The game sometimes takes it's time a bit too much, and the RPG part is only average, but if you want a good story, and an interesting, carefully crafted world to explore, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,251150,18840217,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Johnhong,"Great JRPG. One of the best of all time. Just a typical coming of age story, but it is well done. Combat system is good and great music. All around 8.5/10."
76561198035593326,Recommended,251150,12181012,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Deliate,Absolutely amazing. I can not wait til the Second Chapter get released.
,Recommended,251150,12023976,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Eldrants,"this game is great! i put my time almost 45hrs playing this game and not even on chapter 2 yet lol. i like to explore(talking with each NPCs etc and sometimes theres funny things to it, i dont rush especially when somethings are hidden). there's not many jRPG available for PC and this game is really decent. for graphics, 2.5D(semi 3D) lot better than most jRPGs that are not MMO (Ys franchise, Recettear, Chantelise, etc). as for battle system, it is turn-based, use 2 types of skills, quartz magics and crafts (normal and special move, S-Crafts) the rare thing is most turn based game are more similar to the visual novel games(static image and ton of words) but it's not, you can move freely within maps and when you encountered a monster charge and battle! similar to Wakfu. what more? cooking, fishing, read books and news, side quest, etc and no you wont get any money from monsters but guild reward and sepith (which later can be convert as money but for achievement hunter, gonna be a liitle harder). i haven't finished the game yet but for most i enjoy the game more than ys and the other. 9/10"
,Recommended,251150,12091901,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,euthymiusagnis,"Second playthrough- I've played this before on PSP around 4 years ago.Memorable characters that can actually make you cry near the end. Ending is amazing and keep you wanting for more.Beautiful music, well-written story plot that really intertwines. The NPC's dialogues differs as the event progress. Gameplay is around 60-70 hours which is fairly adequate when you try to finish sidequests too.I just gotta say that I'm a big fan of Joshua and Estelle.If you're looking for a JRPG that can make you die a little when the game ends, YOU GOTTA PLAY THIS. <3"
76561198018106814,Recommended,251150,12107627,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,lordlynx644,great game :)
76561197981120320,Recommended,251150,12118523,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Captain Hero,"JRPG done right, fantastic game"
76561198056243458,Recommended,251150,12023119,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Bang Ding Ow,"Best $15 bucks ever spent in my life ( got it on sale )Would pay $30 with no regrets.[ TL;DR ] Buy this game if you're into JRPGs, you will NOT regret it.  Show support by buying this game so they will have more reason to bring more to Steam. [ /TL;DR ]I've always been a big fan of the Squaresoft/enix games ( such as Final Fantasy, Kingdom Hearts, etc ) and this one was well worth the buy.  It's one of those things that you'll live to regret not ever experiencing if you are into JRPGs so do yourself a favor and get it NOW, stop reading this review, buy it, and play it.But if you want more...Character development was on par with some of the best I've seen in any game.  You really get to love each character no matter how much ( or little ) screen time they get.  I found myself wanting to do every single thing I could in the game, just to see more happen between the characters because after a while, they started growing on me.Game had lots of side things to do - missable items, quests, secret points, etc.  Difficulty was just right.  I never had much of a problem because I'm one of those people that leveled up whenever I could, to reach a good level before progressing with the story.The story kept me hooked, and of the 5 days I took to finish the first playthrough... my sense of time was extremely messed up. Talking to many NPCs more than once actually brings up interesting conversations, and some even give you leads on what to do.  I couldn't even see some of the plot twists and surprises coming, which is always a plus for me.The OST was amazing.  I don't really know any more I could say about it.  There were times when I would be playing and would just start whistling or humming the BGM of the place I was currently in, and I don't do that often.This is the first review I've written for any game for the public, because I feel that it'd be a crime not to write one after experiencing how good of a game it was.  If being the only game good enough for me to want to write a review for ( I'm a pretty hardcore gamer at that ) isn't enough to convince you to buy this game, then I don't really know what will.Absolutely can not wait for the second ( of three ) games in this trilogy.  Will definitely be buying it at the first chance I get."
76561198017418708,Recommended,251150,11861683,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,天诛,"Although the game is good and I would recommend it there are few things I don't like...- It gets repetetive and there is a certain amount of backtracking... ( areas, getting to major city and doing guild quests... )- combat feels a bit cheap and you are stuck with default weapons for every character ( so basically you can't create your own style ). I hate combat because there is utterly no significance to ""Move"" command. In othere games you would have ""Move"" phase where u can get out of the AoE danger or to position yourself better so you can get critical hit etc. However in this game once you use one command then that's it... you either Move or Attack ( use arts etc. ) And criticals are all about stealing them from your enemies... by looking at the line up you can defeat or use special art skill to get in front of enemy action bar and steal their ""perks""... This system feels shallow and cheap at times...Thus said you are in for the story not for the combat. So is the story good ? Well its ok. Characters are a bit cliche but what I like in this game its that it starts slowly... its well written and it doesn't rush itself. You enjoy the conversations and sometimes you even have a choice what to say ( but does it affect the outcome of the conversation ? No. its linear. Characters will correct you if you goof around so yeah.... )Sometimes I was angry on main characters and their ""goody two shoes"" attitude and self-righteous actions. A lot of times I felt bad about the bandits and I would even stand in their defense but oh well game won't allow for that.So it's a solid turn based / tactical rpg that leans more on choosing skills, equipment and story rather than combat...I would recommended it regardless of its flaws and things I didn't like."
76561198031624161,Recommended,251150,11995258,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,(YONED!)NZgrumpyCatJared,"I really enjoyed this game , after playing some ""dark games "" fallouts and witcher series, This was just the lighthearted game i needed.combat was simple , controls where easy , storyline was fun , characters where great to play and watchenjoyed the simple leveling and the funny monsters.got 44 hours out of it,which is alot for a non mutiplayer gameall in all give it 9/10 becouse i can't understand why the second game is'nt out?!?"
76561198009270346,Recommended,251150,12018285,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,3Dguy,"Cool localized JRPG from FALCOM - creator of the Y´S series. Sweet storyline, great anime characters, annoying bosses and cool turn-based combat, final fantasy style. Kiss 60 hours of your life good-bye.After playing it to a clifhanger ending, i ask:...second chapter WHEN?!?"
,Recommended,251150,12000535,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Zegheim,"If you are a fan of old school JRPGs (Suikoden, Grandia, Thousand Arms, etc.), I think you'll find this game rather enjoyable as well! There isn't any particular feature that is the ""deal-breaker"", rather it is the general, nostalgic old-school feeling that won me over. Do not expect fantastic graphics, exciting battle system, what not. Battles can get really repetitive (and slow), and some sidequests require you to run around a lot of times. If you don't mind all the flaws mentioned above, then it'll be worth every dollar ^^ Looking forward to the second chapter of the trilogy!Protip: Speedhack speeds up the battle without actually changing the speed of the music (:<"
76561197977341746,Recommended,251150,12471338,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Josip Broz Tito,"One of the best rpgs I have ever played. The combat is simple, but the story unfolds at a good pace and keeps its grounding the whole time. The sheer amount of NPCs you can interact with is astounding. Each one seems to have their own story.If you like a good story that you have to piece together through interacting with the world= this is the game for you. Lots of fun. Hoping the 2nd and third games get on steam soon!"
76561198111768839,Recommended,251150,12482552,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,timothystallion,"I like this game, very good game!...."
,Recommended,251150,14062533,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Jora,"I normally stay away from JRPGs since the combat is normally too simple for my likes. However, I loved everything about Trails of the Sky. The rich story, the memorable soundtrack, the simple-yet-fun combat, the well-developed characters, the hilarious dialogue, the list goes on. It's definitely worth the money if you are looking for a more story-driven experience."
,Recommended,251150,14062541,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,-______-,"You start thinking you are in for a quaint little story, then you do some googling and find out this thing is like the damn banyan-grove tree with its roots spread out everywhere because it was released in 2004 and the Western world is just now getting to see it, and then it takes you 40 hours to beat and you still don't 100% everything, then you finish the game and soil yourself and are ready to play it again.Atleast that's where I'm at."
76561197983633334,Recommended,251150,13826085,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TopDawg,"I don't really have a real review to write.  If you like (J)RPGs, just buy it and play it.  Right now."
,Recommended,251150,14004974,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RIP Viserion,Gg
,Recommended,251150,14005502,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Yudi Jr. 阵書豪,If you love JPRG then you must buy this game. Really recommended game.
76561198035841547,Recommended,251150,14017858,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Drenaj,This is the best j-rpg I've ever played since the old school Final Fantasies. Amazing job developers! Best purchase ever!
76561197999900026,Recommended,251150,14020848,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nostalgia Drive,"This game has made me remember why I  love Japanese RPG's. Fantastic story telling and gameplay kept me hooked, and left me wanting more. The sequel can't come soon enough."
76561197983421192,Recommended,251150,13992806,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Lyncher,"Finnally got around to finishing it. Awsome JRPG.Battle system is simple yet enjoyable and the music is great to boot. The Storyline is quite predictable but the characters are very well done and have all their own quirks that mesh together well. The story can seem to get a little stretched out at times but it is always amusing to see Estelle, Joshua and every other character with a portrait's reactions to different things that are going on. That and the amount of side quests means the game doesn't get dull.Looking for hidden sidequests would be a pain though if going for 100% perfect, personnaly idc so it isn't an issue for myself but if you do care for that sort of thing I suggest using a guide because you will likely miss somethings otherwise.My only real critism is the shops and the lack of thier usefulness except the ones that sell armour, weapons, accessories and trading to get quartz to upgrade arts/orbments (which don't even cost mira the currency just septims what monster's drop). All the food is pretty useless i found since 99% of my healing or curing i just used my healing (tear and curia) arts and had no need of them. I also never bought more than 5 of the different curing items that removed things like poison, sleep, mute etc and I almost  never needed any of them.Still though it is a fantastic JRPG though, looking forward to chapter 2 being translated to English at some point."
,Recommended,251150,17652426,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Sceles,"Damn... just can't get the words out. I seriously didn't expect this game to be THIS good when I bought it. If you like JRPGs you have to get this game!Gotta say I really respect the people who are translating and porting these games. It's a lot of work and I'd imagine they're not making much money off of it either. There are quite many games in The Legend of Heroes-series. Trails in the Sky alone has 3 chapters(sold separately) and each of them is over 60h long. In total there's maybe close to 200h of gameplay, and it's all one story with continuity. And since these games have continuity not many people are going to buy the next one without finishing the one before it. Yet they're still translating them. That requires some incredible dedication."
76561198063038210,Recommended,251150,23453537,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Khewl,"This game has such a good story and characters, and depth.The gameplay is simple enough, but has a few deep aspect, making this game a Gem!The only thing i can see as a downside is the fact that the game is only complete with SC(might even be better with Third Chapter for the storyline)but doesn't change the fact it's so good"
76561198011810582,Recommended,251150,13284793,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Buffy,"It's one of the best RPGs I've ever played and I played a ton. It's huge, funny and has a really good storyline."
,Recommended,251150,13266838,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,nagata,"Really enjoyable story, etc. Good enough gameplay to keep me interested."
76561197988109931,Recommended,251150,13290005,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Misare,Great classic Jrpg with fun characters...now it's time to wait on the 2nd chapter.
,Recommended,251150,13132610,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,dustin1280,"This is one of my top 5 RPG's of all time.The battle system is unique, it has all the good jrp goodness.  The story is AMAZING and huge in scope.I cannot say enough good things about this game, it is one of the best RPG's I have ever played."
,Recommended,251150,13070939,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,[BHA] Parazac,"a hidden gem of a game, very glad i gambled on this one.one of the best rpg's i have played in decades!"
76561198091084820,Recommended,251150,13071096,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,fyfemm,"I honestly wasn't sure about what i was getting into when i bought this, i just wanted to try a jrpg for nostalgia's sake. This game really is fun. It's filled with lovable character, simple combat, and an impressively in depth world to explore.9/10- worth your money and your time."
76561197991170356,Recommended,251150,13109410,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Yuma,Amazing J-RPG Can't wait for the next part!
76561197968978574,Recommended,251150,13046470,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,spank_mags,"Seems a bit bland.  Lots of mindless waffle that you just mash the buttons to get through. Don't care about the characters and was really hoping for some aweful tragedy to change the tone a bit.Shame as the game itself looks great and the combat system is quite nice.  Music was sending me slowly insane.Edit:...after playing another 3 hours, it gets better."
76561198099646735,Recommended,251150,13083111,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,RegMonkey,"Was a fan of the series in the 90s. The new series doesn't disappoint. The game was a bit buggy in the beginning, but overall a great purchase. Can't wait for the second chapter of the series.."
,Recommended,251150,13031733,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,saliere,"Absolutely fantastic. This is everything that is good about JRPGs, with fantastic story, setting, and characters that were all built into an epic experience. The more invested you are in the world and people around you, the better your experience will be in this game."
,Recommended,251150,12200072,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Virtues,"10/10 This Game is just perfect! I loved the First part of the story. If you are considering to buy this, DO IT. This game has a perfect story not too shabby graphics and a casual rpg style gamepla (probably). BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED IN YEARS!!"
76561198095199364,Recommended,251150,12312945,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,rageoftyrael,"If you are a fan of jrpg's you'll almost certainly love this game. It does have a bit of a twist in that the battle system is a little bit along the lines of a tactics based game, but that actually makes the game more fun, in my opinion. Great story, excellent battle system and I love the quests. One thing that is mentioned in other reviews is how this is a game where as you progress through the story, the npc's will actually continuously say different things based on what's going on. Also, if you play, always check a chest after you've looted it. I laughed multiple times from the empty chest jokes. Excellent game. I'd give it a 9.5/10, and the only reason i didn't give it a perfect score is because no game is perfect, lol. This one comes close though!"
76561198070481939,Recommended,251150,12313715,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,yuval,The best JRPG on Steam. you can't go wrong in buying this game.Totally worth every minute.
76561198048920578,Recommended,251150,12405944,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,questmaster360,"This game was recommended to me by Kotaku over and over again. I gave it a try, and now I've beat it, and I'm fiending like a crackhead for the sequel. The story is pretty basic til mid game, and takes awhile to get started. The battle system is pretty awesome. Overall highly recommended."
76561198005647659,Recommended,251150,12406536,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,dragonlordsd,"A fantastic rpg. The story is fantastic, it makes you wonder why all RPGs aren't this good. The bad guys have an actual PLAN and real motivations, which do not include detroying/conquering the world. The characters are solid, detailed. A true classic"
,Recommended,251150,12363118,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Raven,"I have already finished this game twice on console and it has since been one of my favourite rpg's ever. Fantastic all the way through, with an incredible ending. I have looked for years for how to play the 2nd and 3rd in the trilogy to conyinue the storyline but to no avail. I have bought this again, solely in hope that xseed will release the 2nd and 3rd on steam following the hopeful success of this one. Waited years for this to be possible, and I would recommend this game to any jrpg fan.Pros: Fantastic, realistic storylineIncredible musicChallenging difficulty levelGood and unique battle systemBeautifully thought out and designed world.Cons: ...erm..Maybe the skill tree orbment system isn't deep enough?Just felt i had to put something.Best jrpg on steam with no exception.Buy and enjoy."
76561198041823237,Recommended,251150,12375779,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,no_ more_raining,"Great storyline, fantastic plot twist, superb gameplay 10/10"
76561198012271123,Recommended,251150,12429234,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,enderpants,"A truly exceptional game. Ever since the terrible reign of Squenix began, jrpg's have suffered, as have jrpg players. This game has it all, an interesting combat system that progresses slowly and evenly, excellent characters that grow and refrain from cliche, expansive world exploration and treasure hunting. It feels like a spiritual successor to the likes of final fantasy vi, dragon quest and the suikoden series. Don't accept any more garish Squenix garbage. Support games like this and keep the genre alive. 9/10"
,Recommended,251150,14786130,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TyrtlEpic,"I am very angry with Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky for one reason, and one reason only...I am too freaking impatient to wait ""x"" number of months for the sequel to one of the best RPGs I've ever played.Trails in the Sky is a fantastic, well-put-together game in every way. I was looking for a good RPG to fix me up, and this did the trick. In fact, it did it too well, and now I'm desprate to see the story continued. But, I'm getting ahead of myself. Let me break down this little number for ya:STORY/CHARACTER:Trails is the simple story of a girl named Estelle Bright, and her adopted brother Joshua. They aspire to become Bracers, a freelance national assistance force that does everything from fighting monsters to saving kittens in trees. They're tasked with taking care of some odds and ends left behind by their father, Cassius, when he is called off to a major job. But things soon go awry, and Estelle and Joshua begin a trek across the kingdom to become Bracers and help their father.Trails has a great story; it's not anything very complicated or even super unique, but it has many facets, many twists, and few cliches. The world is deeply fleshed out, and the creators took special care to not only put numerous details in the background to be sought out and learned, but they also strived to give humorous and touching relatability to even the most fleeting NPCs. All (or nearly all) of the party members have different strengths and uses, and they all have their own tales to be known. You will surely find a favorite among all the major characters, and you'll find yourself coming to love Estelle and Joshua as you journey along with them.GAMEPLAY/BATTLES:Gameplay has you venturing around the countryside and major towns as you complete both storyline quests as well as many Bracer quests that give you cash and sweet loot. Many of them ask you to complete unique and sometimes strange tasks, and sometimes monsters and battles are involved. Speaking of which, battle and customization goes in a fresh direction, taking a cue from Final Fantasy 7 with its orbment system, where you equip quartz stones that both affect your stats and also dictate your available magic. Battles are represented by wandering monsters that you can take on when and as you choose, and battles take place on a grid with an active turn order dictated by speed, giving some strategy aspects to it, and feeling a little like Chrono Trigger at times. All in all, it takes bits and pieces from other things to make a unique and fun experience.SIGHTS/SOUNDS:The game looks pretty good; graphics can be a little plain or primitive in some places, but it all comes together in interesting and beautiful wholes. A few very distinct and memorable locales break up the monotony when you're feeling tired of grassland. The character models look perhaps a tad too cartoony, but the portraits and artwork have awesome detail, and a wide array of facial expressions to make conversations dynamic. The monster designs are probably the greatest artistic asset of them all, ranging from cute to scary to downright ugly. Regardless of the graphics, the music is top notch. There are no bad tracks in this game (unless you hate jazz). All of them are proper for where they are used, giving the world character, and a select few tracks will bring you to the edge of your seat or the verge of tears. This is a soundtrack you may want to own seperately.COMPLAINTS:Honestly, the only major complaint I have about the game is that there are few puzzles to be found. There are a couple of sleuthing situations, and one or two switches laying around that affect things, but besides that most of it is conversation-based, trying to make sure you say or do the right things to please your clinet as a Bracer and ger more experience. And there are two bosses in the game that have HUGE difficulty jumps; one is optional and fun, the other is not, and...not. But, this is all I can think to say.If you are in need of a sweet, witty, creative, fun, all-around enjoyable RPG, play Trails in the Sky. I can assure you, you will not regret it. And if you do love it, more will be just around the corner (hopefully) with the sequel, Second Chapter."
,Recommended,251150,14894298,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jigglypuff Sensei,"Please note that this is a review of a new player, only getting used to the game._ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _To be quick and simple, the game works smoothly, very nice music, characters are not bland, and the combat, ooooh, the combat! I love it. I've played RPGs like Bravely Default and a more known one, pokemon, and after playing this, it's like a new leaf. It adds a little more oomph to movement in battle.Now my first time (sooo, now) playing was very nice, considering what I've said in the begining, though it seems kinda overwhelming, but don't worry about it, its simpler than you think and works fine in the begining (I don't know yet in the future).So, if you are a new or expert player at RPGs, it does not matter as much, I would greatly recomend this game. Now if you exuse me, I need to think why I made a review within 1 1/2 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,251150,14998520,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SimonR,Fantastic oldschool RPG with a lot of ease-of-use lessons from newer games.
,Recommended,251150,15043574,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,wqsedsa,Absolutely loved this game. The story progresses nicely and is very touching. None of the game mechanics are particularly difficult nor particularly easy. It reminds me of the Final Fantasy series and I can't wait for the sequel (which I hope gets ported).
,Recommended,251150,15039596,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ifusaso,Was great until it crashed. Has no auto save function. Still a fun game with good character customization options later.
,Recommended,251150,15035978,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Barundar,"This game is just great.  If you like JRPG's in the Final Fantasy style this is CLOSE.  I say close because there is significantly less grinding in this game needed than most JRPGs.  But we'll get to that soon...This game is all about story.  And it's massive.  The game holds the story of the 2 main characters Estelle and Joshua, who get 'swept away' into a world recovering from a 100 year war... and on the brink of another one.  Along the way you will meet TONS of other characters, and have a few join your group.  Groups are 4 characters maximum (not counting NPC rescue/protect missions).  You tend to get 2 new friends each chapter until they wrap it all up with everyone.The main characters are part of the 'Bracer Guild', which is sort of a local police/milita force who work for the common folk solving problems.  As they travel around the world, the story intertwines and unfolds.  The story is linear, so you generally have a main story mission and can pick up side quests from the Bracer Guild in each town.Combat is played on a grid map, and reminds me of Vandal Hearts from back when.  First, let me point out that the monsters are all right there on the map.  It's not Like FF, where each region has certain monsters assigned to it and you have a percent chance to encounter after a certain number of steps.  You can avoid if you like.I really only did a level grind once in the game during a tornament, but I wound up overpreparing anyway.  You can just relax and run the story and should be fine.The magic system is great.  Just think Materia from FF 7.  You get an orb (Quartz actually), put it in a slot that you have opened, and you gain access to different spells.  Each orb has a crystal rating to it, and if you have the right number and colors you gain access to different spells.  ANYONE can cast, and the variations are vast with this system.  Just unlock your slots ASAP for Josh and Estelle.The story is that good, the dialogue is FANTASTIC and the scenes are memorable.  The play at the royal academy and the tornament come to mind immediately...If you are JRPG OCD like me and need to do everything, go everywhere, and talk to everyone you will get over 100 hours out of this game.  I figure to be around 140-150 when I finish as I am on the last chapter now at 137 hrs."
76561198149478292,Recommended,251150,15271330,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Koyomi,"Treads the line between ""classic"" and ""cliche"", but grows on you as you become more familiar with the setting and characters. If you've played similar games (which you have, come on), relatively little will be ""new"" to you, but it comes together in a very charming package."
76561198055872647,Recommended,251150,15130790,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Realix,"This game is definitely worth playing to uncover the story line, the combat is great, each and every character have their own unique set of traits and has some comedy involved in it."
76561198215691536,Recommended,251150,15299854,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,te iubesc,"This game is kind of addicting that's all I can say.And this game is my 2nd favourite game after Suikoden.So sad that, the story isn't that 'long'. WHERE IS THE SECOND CHAPTER? :("
76561197972289733,Recommended,251150,13374074,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,neo_merc,"Excellent game. I highly recommend picking this title up if you are into story driven JRPGs. I was craving a good rpg and it feels like I've been playing nothing but westeren rpgs lately. I was scouring through all the titles on steam and came across this gem and figured I would give it a shot and I am glad I did.PROSExcellent Execution - This is a conversion from a Japanese PSP title if I am not mistaken, however the conversion to English PC game was flawless. The controls are great, the graphics are HD, the sound is spot on and I did not experience a single bug throughout my playthrough.Classic JRPG - If you are a fan of some of the older Final Fantasy games you will probably like this game. It has a rich story, great artistic design and many other elements that make the genre great.Interesting World - The world created in this game has a nice mix of science and magic that don't necessarily exclude one another.CONSSome Dialogue - Being that this game has been localized from Japan you will see some familiar patterns in character dialague. For example, everyone apologizes for every little thing, so much apologizing. Many of the characters fit into standard Japanese tropes like the cute little girl witha  big gun that just wants to help out and the badass with a heart of gold.Customization - There is not nearly enough of this for your characters. There are not enough weapons, not enough skills, not enough magic. Also some characters are doomed to be weaker than others. Ex. Joshua will always be stronger than Estelle no matter how you gear them or customize their quartz. She can get pretty good defense but after a while he will seriously outdamage her.Formulaic - Combat is pretty much the same all the time. If they had added to where you could attack after movng it would have added a whole new dimension. Everytime you get to a new area it is the same thing. Buy new gear, check job board etc"
76561198068633362,Recommended,251150,13362580,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Spud,"Great story, great gameplay, 10/10 worth"
,Recommended,251150,13545137,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ufamsm,"While this game is presented in a very different sylistic manner than the Final Fantasy games from the same release timeframe, I find it vastly superior in every way. The characters are fully fleshed out and interesting, there is a huge sense of freedom to explore, the plot is well-paced and plausible (as these things go), and you are punished for your mistakes.Greatly enjoy this game and will be cycling back to finish it soon."
76561197990913619,Recommended,251150,13545507,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CircleWind,"I have played this game long ago, and now I just bought it again on steam! IMHO, this is one of the best J-RPG games. I don't know when the sequels will come to Steam, but hopefully it wouldn't be long.Not only does the have an engaging story line, but it also does a very good job at telling the story. As the game progresses, the setting of game world slowly reveals piece by piece, as well as the plot behind the scene. It is epic, yet vivid.The game's system is also quite interesting. The combat system is still turn based, but no where the same as the old RPGs like Final Fantasy. More strategy can be taken into account. The magic system, which is my favorate, offers a lot of thinking and exploring opportunities.The only down side of the game is probably that there is little replay value once you cleared the game once. As the plot is mostly linear, the only reason you may want to play it again is probably to grind all achievement."
,Recommended,251150,13546411,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,RobotHouse,Best Jrpg on steam
76561198069565046,Recommended,251150,13333495,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Zettai Yami,"People who enjoy JRPGs will really enjoy this game, I must admit i was anxious about buying it but i'm glad i did.Well worth the money."
,Recommended,251150,13336292,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Supremacy,Finally a JRPG on Steam that's worth playing that isn't Final Fantasy.
76561198085573381,Recommended,251150,13496524,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,hozyayinlesa,Very good story driven jrpg.Need next part of the game to be released on PC.
,Recommended,251150,13499481,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tragic,"This game while new to PC and ""new"" as in having a English localization, is in fact over 10 years old and part of a series that gose back to 89. So when you play this game you get a massive retro feeling as it *IS* a retro game. Not one made ""like the originals"" .. it was made at the same time by the same developers who were at the very birth of the genre and as such it is a modern fossil. If you like jRPGs with massive worlds, tons of dialogue and character development, expansive equipment tweaking and a solid 60+ hours of gameplay but the modern games always make you think of that one game you played years ago that none of the new ones are as good as.... well this could be the game for you. As it is probably is exactly what you are looking for because it was in fact from the same era as that game you keep comparing everything to.I'm absolutely loving this, and the thought that it is part 1 of a trilogy and knowing there are 2 games to go.. games already made and released in japan. Gives me great joy!Highly Recommeded"
76561198067854408,Recommended,251150,14120689,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kundo,"It feels like a nostalgic Game, with the good and bad aspects of a classic rol game. Still very enjoyable if you like this kind of JRPG"
,Recommended,251150,14154573,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,shiroiEinn♪,"Great JRPG here, with quality of graphics and details. quite long for me too, i dont get bored easily because of itThe Storyline is easy to understand as well.Also..""You stared into an empty chest, the empty chest stared back at you""10/10 i would challange that chest to a staring contest~"
,Recommended,251150,14155650,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,RedRoc,"Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is a game I bought last August right after it came out on Steam because I had some extra money and I generally like JRPGs. I didn't actually end up playing it until January 2015, and after finishing it I can't believe I didn't play it sooner.As has been stated in other reviews, the world building in this game is great. I was sucked in pretty quickly and was fully invested from very early in the game until the end. The characters, while not all exactly unique, are very likeable and fleshed out. From all the supporting cast to the party members (and especially the two main characters), they're all memorable and have their own distinct personalities.The combat system isn't groundbreaking but it's very solid and I liked it quite a bit. Think somewhere between Skies of Arcadia and Final Fantasy Tactics. You move around on a grid and your movement is limited, but your positioning very much matters, as line attacks or AoE attacks can hit multiple units on both sides. My only real complaint with the game (and it's a relatively small one at that) is that it's somewhat restrictive in where you can go. After you clear the first region for example, you move on to the next with no option to return. There's no real reason to ever go back even if you could, I just like being able to go anywhere in a game like this.After finishing the game, I've been extremely eager to play the sequel which, barring another delay, should be out within a couple of months in English. If you like character and story focused games (and if you like JRPGs how could you not?) then you won't be disappointed with Trails in the Sky."
,Recommended,251150,14163596,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,darksteelhyren,"As far as JRPGs go?  It was pretty fun.  IMO worth the $20 they are charging for it at the time of writing, but if you're unsure, ""Follow"" it and wait for a sale =)  I think you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,251150,14128817,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,NocTheCrok,This game is beyond fun with me i enjoyed alot of it
76561198034194381,Recommended,251150,14130348,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,gndmrksm,"In the first couple of hours, the story seems slow and dull. After that, it just gets more interesting. The game itself is very detail and each character has his/her own story, even the NPCs. The battle system is standard but the focus is more at building the story and the graphic shows its age. There are a lot of things that need answers. Bring on SC!"
76561198027973070,Recommended,251150,14110777,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Drake,"Very good game......but continues on ""secand capter"" =/"
,Recommended,251150,14115514,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Wrygrape,"Everything you know and love and hate about 16 bit JRPGs:  Fairly deep story, pleasant music, interesting (if unimaginative) combat and endless clicking to continue the reams of dialogue."
76561198101644705,Recommended,251150,14116719,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,xXx_D@nkM3m3L0r:DDDD_xXx,"Really Great game I really enjoy the characters and solid gameplay, possibly one of my favorite jrpg's ever."
76561198136605856,Recommended,251150,14146146,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,MrMirage1993,"Finished it once on PSP.Am quite happy with the game with the improvement of Graphics but the only thing that is bugging me are the bugs that will show itself once in a while......Never the less it is a good game just still needs a lot of refining of patches.If you all are playing for a story, this game is just for you! There are chapters and story arc for this series and I really look forward to seeing future ports of the remaining series"
76561198018241645,Recommended,251150,14104527,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Arcade V,"First of all, let me save you some time.  If you consider yourself a fan of JRPG's, buy this game immediately.  As a fan myself, I promise you won't be disapointed at all.  That said....very minor spoilers possible in the review (nothing big I promise)Pros:- It's long, I'd say 35-45 hours depending on how much side missions you do.- The music is great, if not exceptionally varied.- The story and characters are top notch, I enjoyed using every character in the game.- There are tons of side missions to do that reward you with dialogue and Mira (money)- Every person you meet in this game will have different dialogue just about every time you meet them.  You could spend dozens of hours reading all of it alone.- Combat is fun and kept me interested for almost 50 hours.- The Orbment system allows you to customize your characters skills and stats just about in any way you want.  Figuring out how to unlock different Artes is almost as fun as using them.  (The games Bracer Book will give you all possible combinations)- The story is light hearted and fun.  Most of this game doesn't involve you trying to stop anything evil and super powerful.  Most of the time you're just helping people out and the world reflects that.- The story and intrique really picks up near the end of the game.- Visually it looks nice for it's age.- The ending is fantastic.- The ending leads directly into a soon to be released second chapter of the game!Cons:- You don't get to pick your team almost the entire game.  The final dungeon is the only time you will get to use all of your characters.- Environments can be a bit stale, nothing really wow'ed me until the final dungeon.- It's not overly difficult.  The hardest fights in the game are chests containing monsters that guard the loot.  Boss fights are moderatley difficult but if you prepare you won't be taxed.- The game likes to use cheap ""instant kills"" and ""misses"" to make fights frustrating.  It's worse near the beginning of the game.All in all, the game was fantastic and probably one of the best JRPG's you will find on PC.  9/10Bring on Second Chapter!"
76561197965134236,Recommended,251150,14374475,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Zintin,If you like old JRPGs games. This is a game worth playing simple combat. GREAT STORY!!!Can't wait for the sequel!!!
,Recommended,251150,14317898,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DraycosTFM,"This game is the definition of average.  It's your typical anime-styled Japanese RPG.  It's got all your stereotypical anime character archetypes.  The story is about two ""siblings"", Estelle and Joshua Bright.  Joshua was found bloody and beaten by Elise's father 5 years earlier and adopted into the family.  Their father goes on a secret mission and vanishes.  The two siblings vow to unravel the mystery behind his disappearance.The issue with the plot being like that of an anime is that the pacing can get a little slow at times.  The last couple of chapters is when it REALLY picks up, but the first couple will really test your patience.  Your initial goal is to become Bracers, and join the Bracer Guild, just like your father had, but the story will (slowly) start to expand and the overall scope branches out.  There is apparently a 2nd game coming out this year in English, so I can tell you that they sequel-bait you with the ending.  It's pretty ballsy for such an average RPG to do that.  There is some good character development for just about every character though.  They won't remain the same throughout the game, luckily.  Some have a good depth to them, and others have secrets.  There are some twists in the story that you'll certainly enjoy too.  The voice-acting is above-average for English, which is also a plus, since a lot of the time, English voice-acting is crap.The battle system is your old-school turn-based jRPG with a small amount of ""strategy"" element thrown in.  You have your Attack, Move, Artes, Skill, and Item commands.  Unlike every turn-based strategy game made since the dawn of time, you can't choose to Move and then choose to Attack.  If you pick Move, your turn ends without being able to Attack.  Attack will attempt to beeline for a monster and hit them.  You'll be able to see your characters' range with the game's grid-based movement system highlighted around your character.  You'll learn new skills and limit breaks (not the actual term for it, but it's the same idea) as you level up.Your Artes (or magic) work similar to Final Fantasy VII's materia system (minus the painstakingly boring task of having to level up each piece) with your characters having a max of 6 slots to place runes in.  You have to unlock the slots yourselves as well.  You do this by beating monsters.  Monsters don't drop gold, oh no.  They drop elements.  Fire, Water, Wind, Earth, Space, Time, etc.  You can either sell them for gold, or keep them to exchange for runes or open up more slots.  You'll also still need gold to purchase everything else, unfortunately.  It's a bit of a convoluted system, honestly.On the plus side, you have TONS of customizability options for your characters with the runes.  You can tweak everything imaginable from hp to cast speed to offense.  ALL your magic comes from slotting runes, though.  So, if you unequip all your ruens, you can't cast jack.  Certain characters require specific types of runes in some of their slots.   For instance, Joshua requires Time runes in two of his slots.  That's ok though, because you'll be leaning on him heavily as the game progresses.  He's your good-at-everything main character.  Need an offensive juggernaut?  Slot a fire rune that raises his strength by 15%.  Want to pew-pew your enemies to death with spells?  Use his one of his time slots to stick a -%cast time rune in to get his spells out quicker.  Unfortunately, Estelle starts to become a bit of a burden near the end.  Her Skills are a bit lackluster, as is her damage.  She's still decent with spells, but for some reason, Joshua has more mp than she does.The game gives you ""subtle"" hints at what each character is good at though.  As you get new characters, they will come equipped with runes.  You don't have to be a genius to slot more magic into the guy with double Estelle's maximum mp.  Eventually (ie only the last dungeon) you'll be able to select your party of four from all the characters you've played with in the game.The music is appropriate, but don't expect A Thousand Words or anything.There are negatives to the game, however.  The story takes an awfully long time to come together.  Until that point in time you feel like you're just doing random missions until the game decides to give you something to grasp.  The clunky movement to the battle system, pigeon-holing your characters into specific roles, the need for AoE halfway through the game (both magic and skills), the rather average music and stereotypical animeness to all the characters and story hurt the game.  Also, sequel-baiting.If you enjoy jRPGs and want a good time-waster, this is the game for you.  It took me 50 hours to finish all the story quests and side quests (although I missed 4 or 5 side quests).  If you can manage to stick through the first few chapters when the story starts to drag at times, you'll be rewarded.  I realize this has an 85 out of 100 on metacritic, but this game is not an 8.  It's just not.  They're lying to you.  If I had to give it a score I'd give it a 6.  Above-Average.  This is when comparing it to other jRPGs as a whole.  There are certainly a number of positives, but the negatives tend to bring down the score by a decent amount."
76561198154393832,Recommended,251150,14319630,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Wisdom's Folly,"My guess is that if you're reading reviews about this game you already like jrpg's and you just want to know if this one is worth your time. I think it is. I really enjoyed this game, I didn't do much with my free time besides play it until I beat it.As for what I liked about it I would start with the story. It isn't so much your average save the world and or kingdom, it more closely resembles ""slice of life"" (if you haven't heard of it, there's always google) in its story. It does build up to a climax, but mostly I felt like I was veiwing a piece of their lives, they just happen to lead fairly interesting lives.  I liked that, but I've seen some complaints about the story that sounded like that was their issue, so if you know that's going to frustrate you, it might not be the game for you.The combat is solid, if not groundbreaking. It gave enough layers and mixed up the enemies enough I never found myself avoiding combat except in areas I'd outleveled, and it gave me the items needed for avoiding unwelcome combat fairly early on, which was nice. Leveling never felt like a chore, I enjoyed seeking out the harder areas to do some extra leveling, and it was a quick enough process as to not get frustrating. I was usually about done leveling around the same time I was pretty sure I cleaned all the loot out of the side area anyway. Plus it was a nice feeling to afterwards avoid/ ignore enemies for a while because I knew they weren't worth fighting.Another plus for me that some people might not like was the graphics. Probably due mostly to psp limitations, the system it was created for, it was very reminiscent of classic jrpg's, and I really liked the nosalgia factor.I hope to see the second game make it to steam soon."
76561198109927010,Recommended,251150,14346274,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Protector of a Precious Smile,"This is one of the few (but thankfully increasing) classic JRPGs available on Steam.The combat system is pretty standard, and the enemies are hard enough to make it refreshingly challenging.However, it is the story and likeable characters that pull you in.When you have the time, give this game a try. You will not regret it.And look forward to the sequel which will hopefully be released this year."
,Recommended,251150,14382912,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,built_to_scale,Beautiful classic JRPG at its finest. STory and Graphics are amazing a definate must buy.
,Recommended,251150,14383476,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Buggy,"J-RPG like we all love, good story (a bit too much dialog :X).If you really like J-RPG and creating/customize your characters, you have to try it."
,Recommended,251150,14769482,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Breadmund McMuffin,"I'll tell you what, this is one awesome game. The storyline is amazing, and the combat system is unlike anything I've played before, in a good way. It might seem easy and tedious at the beginning, but real strategy is required quickly. The characters have fun, quirky personalities that brighten up the mood in any situation.11/10 Stars."
76561198103734668,Recommended,251150,14808980,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,GuiLingKwek,This is the game for you if you are a fan of old school turn-based JRPG. Refreshingly good illustrations and excellent storyline are plus points! <3
76561198000109094,Recommended,251150,14815493,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bluedragon2000,"I played this for 76 hrs and that being said it was a fantasic game. The gameplay,graphics reminded me of a game called ""Vandel Heart"" that me & my son use to play on PS2 when he was a young child:) I just wish the ending was a little more""happier"". It wasn't a bad ending it just leaves me wanting the 2nd Installment:) Which I hope is in the works. I could play it again only slower and do more side quests but some of the side quests seem ""buggy"" since I could not complete some of them even after trying for 3 hrs on 1. That being said I rate this game 9 out of 10. It is worth evey dollar I paid and hope to see more from this company in the future. Because of the music, story line and style of combat it is a very fun game to play:)"
76561198020930314,Recommended,251150,14304512,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Pergzedref  Volganian,Amazing game
76561198025903125,Recommended,251150,14204745,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Squished Pear,Pros:- Great characters with amazing character development as story progresses- Detailed world/environment- Loveable protagonists- A lot Enemies that make you want to snap their necks- Combat system is enjoyable and at times can test your decisions- NPC's have great dialogue and don't feel trivial- Detailed storyline that gets better and better- New game+ if you missed out on certain things- Adjustable difficultyCons:- Starting out will be slow- Side quests expire after reaching a certain point of the main storyAdditional comments:This game may be 10+ years old but the fact I can still enjoy this game immensely today actually means a lot to me.
76561198009223429,Recommended,251150,14294330,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Raizedead,"Brilliant story, solid combat and very catchy music. Not much more you could ask of a JRPG, for the price you're likely getting it at, it's a steal."
76561197999800156,Recommended,251150,14231771,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,twinkle toes,pretty good
76561198039580154,Recommended,251150,14248509,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Draco,"Its a really good JRPG game, it was a lot of fun to play. Hopefully they will release more"
76561198007469627,Recommended,251150,14249942,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,M4V3R1CK,"Fun game, standard JRPG. Decent Story."
,Recommended,251150,14302100,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,strongworld02,I'm just really into that game.
76561198000113780,Recommended,251150,13962323,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,crow_the_demented,"I love this game. It's a bit dated, but the story is strong.  Everything from the development of the Main characters all the way down to the random NPC's was done right and done well. The translations hold solid throughout. The story takes a bit to pick up, but it was never so dull as to make me stop playing or enough to bore me. It's well worth the price and the time I took to play through it."
76561198033310052,Recommended,251150,13968092,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,faggi,"The game is very good and I warmly recommend it If you like this type of games.Some key points:Lots of dialogues, New dialogues for all NPC after each turn event. 50/50 story/combat ratio.No grinding. You can avoid all random combats.Hidden questsLow difficultyGood low-key story. Dialogues are good too (mostly)Note. Combats are nothing special. Plus if you are up to challenge - look somewhere else. The same applies if you don't want to read through tons of dialogues."
,Recommended,251150,14241859,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,AVRex,"This was a fresh new start back in the world of turn based gaming. I really enjoyed the story and the game. The characters desgins have some room for improvement but the gameplay was pretty fun, and they have an indepth guide to read in game to tell you how the to utilize the items and gameplay mechanics. Overall good experience."
76561197995191626,Recommended,251150,13168935,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hamp,"buy it!Awesome story, with more to come!Amazing gameplay.great soundtrack.This game started my love for JRPGs. This is a very solid game that have the mechanics and story needed for a loved RPG. Its great if you know you like JRPGs and a good start for a new love! I played the game twice  after i bought it (finished the story), and i am still intruiged to play again! Go for it!"
,Recommended,251150,13029862,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,rote_locke,"One of the best games I have played. If you do like JRPGs, you should definitely give this a try. Will probably keep you entertained for lots of hours."
,Recommended,251150,12989744,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,VxKhamulxV,"Every other review has pretty much summed it up; this is a very fun RPG, and hard to put down. The characters and the story are both strong points - the dialogue and interactions between the characters is fantastic. The combat is on par with what you'd expect with a turn based combat game, but really it's the characters that made this game a blast. I couldn't get past the first hour of FF 13..but this was hard simply to put down. 10/10"
76561198037950944,Recommended,251150,12989763,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Akureim,"This game has everything an RPG should have.  Its funny, involved, rich history of the world, not itemcentric.I have been playing RPGs since the original NES.  This one has gripped me completely"
,Recommended,251150,12262049,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,c.g.40k,"Awesome JRPG, with a very deep learning curve."
,Recommended,251150,12263997,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,RedArrow21,"Enjoyable JRPG fare with a good combat system and enjoyable characters. The story's nice and is apparently all a buildup to the second chapter.Pros:- The two protagonists are likeable, and are fleshed out throughout the course of the story.- Turn-based combat with reasonable depth.- The orbment system can add depth to gameplay, but mastering it isn't required to beat the game.- 50+ hours of gameplay, without too much grinding.- New Game +- Excellent localization.Cons:- Can be buggy depending on what hardware you're running.- It's a port of a fairly old game, so the graphics might seem dated.- Some of the supporting characters can be grating.- Limited flexibility in party composition until the endgame."
76561197982976402,Recommended,251150,12321799,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,amazinglycoolperson,"If you like RPG's, buy this game.   Incredible writing and characters.  I get bored with games pretty fast and I can't stop playing this. I cannot believe how well this game holds my attention.  There's always something interesting goading you to play for just one more hour to see what's around the next corner; whether it's to see what weapon is at the end of the dungeon, or who you'll meet next.  Stop reading this, and go buy it now!"
76561198074864547,Recommended,251150,12294592,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Black Capped Chickadee,looking toward the next chapter!
,Recommended,251150,22101976,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mori Summer,I didn't expect this to be so good....
76561198033167284,Recommended,251150,22108501,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Drkfenrir,"What a pleasant surprise.-Fun, Dynamic Battle System-Well Developed Characters-Good Story-Massive world with nearly endless possibilities.If you're a JRPG fan, you owe it to yourself to play this. Now that the trilogy is confirmed for translation there really isn't an excuse."
,Recommended,251150,22046506,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DrArchon,"If you are looking for a simple and inoffensive JRPG to sink some time into, The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is a fine choice.  Though the combat lacks a lot of depth that you'll find in other RPGs (esp. on PC), Trails in the Sky's writing will win you over.  The characters are all well written, with dialogue that ranged from humorous to intense.  The story is full of twists and turns and though you might see a lot of cliches coming, there are still enough surprises in it to keep you engaged.The downside is that the game takes a while to get going.  For 99% of the game you have 2 characters in a 4 character party while the other 2 slots are filled with rotating characters that come and go as the story demands.  The game really comes into its own when you can customize your party, but by then the game is almost over.  Thankfully you can easily customize characters' magic spells on the fly and fine tune characters to fit whatever class you need.The game isn't difficult and grinding is never really needed save for the very end, so if you want a laid back RPG gets you to pay more attention to the story than to the game, this is the game for you."
76561197970942245,Recommended,251150,22043919,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,stripewing,"I was amazed that this game was ever translated into english, and even more amazed that it was released on Steam. I'm so glad that it was.Trails in the Sky is fantastic. The artwork is beautiful, the story is dynamic, the characters are very likeable and the game itself is good fun to play. The battle system cleverly ensures that you can't just choose attack for all characters to beat enemies, you have to think about it a little more. But it's not so difficult that you end up being frustrated with it. I beat the final boss in one go (although it was tense), whereas in something like a Final Fantasy game I don't have the patience to finish. Grinding isn't necassary at all, and the game seemed very nicely balenced, with all fights being both challenging, but achieveable.Although it is the first of three games, this game feels very complete, with conclusions to many parts of the story, as well as a fair few cliff-hangers for the next game, so don't be put off playing because you're worried about committing to playing the sequels (although I certainly will be playing the next game)Falcom always put a great deal of love into making their games, and this is no exception. I really hope that Steam release the 3rd game in the series, and perhaps some of the other Legend of Heroes titles."
76561198055809874,Recommended,251150,14088339,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,mail,"Very good rpg (in the style of Phantasy Star)  but with turn based tactical combat (like Shining Force, Disgea or FF Tactics). I am reading every line of dialogue (i can't decide if it is really interesting or if some other trick keeps you focused on the text). Maybe its because the graphics are ""simple"" and do not divert the attention from gameplay and story.It has some weak points but overall it's a very good game.- consI think already in the first chapter you get the means to see and avoid every random mob (if you don't need the xp or gold). This takes some thrill out of the game (maybe i simply did not set the difficulty high enough)"
76561198065517035,Recommended,251150,22080439,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,vamp,This game.
,Recommended,251150,22008600,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,jac1975asc [Frozen Spirit Jac],"Very Enjoyable game with the exception that it always freeze my gaming laptop and considering my gaming laptop is relatively new and this game is doing this even after I have lowered the settings of the game.I get at least 1-2hrs before the game freeze my laptop each time, before i have to restart. Making sure I save the game after every 2nd battle (Very Annoying) I doubt I will complete this if it keeps up. Hopefully there is a fix around this otherwise I will have to give a negative review later on.For now I give it a thumbs up simply because the game is good."
,Recommended,251150,27897268,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MoonfireArt,"If you are a fan of JRPG's, you owe it to yourself to pick up this game (also pickup Trail In the Sky: SC, as the story continues in their, they were meant to be one game originally)The best story I have ever experienced in a game, reasonably deep combat and character developmnt, and a suprisingly deep and fleshed-out world to experience. Any one of these reasons alone would be enough to buy a game, and this one has all three."
76561198031960627,Recommended,251150,27896209,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hero,"If you're in to JRPGS this game is for you. Great music, story, and a very detailed world."
,Recommended,251150,27689729,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Little Potato,Played this game many years ago on the PSP along with the other Legend of Heroes games. Could not get enough of it and it brings back so many memories. Seriously one of the best rpgs that I've played. Buy it now when on sale and knock yourself out. :D
,Recommended,251150,27703192,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sven++,"An absolute surprise for me in terms of gameplay and story. A fantastic well-built and thought-out world, twists in the story, the RPG mechanics are all solid and fun to play. Recommended to play for everyone, I just finished, and starting the sequel right now."
,Recommended,251150,27578375,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,leewbradley,"This is an incredible RPG. It has a great story and a great sense of humor. H's a hint, check a chest after you take what's in it!"
76561198025461335,Recommended,251150,20824657,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,NayrEx,"I loved everymoment of this game. Falcom is one of my favorite makers and they havent let me down yet.Thanks xseed for bringing this over, and now onto SC.Update: This game is pretty straight forward if you dont want to do everything dont, the bonus you get arnt really worth it."
,Recommended,251150,27581285,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BellendUnited,It's pretty great tbh.
76561197967525941,Recommended,251150,27780205,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,darkjedi521,"A bit of a slow start, but it held my attention the way older SNES and PS1 Final Fantasies held my attention when they were new.  Lots of attention to story details, and hidden things to discover.  Really enjoyed it being old school turn-based since I've never been much good at action games.  So few RPGs are turn based these days."
,Recommended,251150,27558334,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BigRage,"If you like JRPG's with epic amount of character development and a focus on the journey (really, the amount of text lines and immersion is INSANE), this is probably by far the best steam has to offer, and dare I say best it may ever have to offer. The graphics may look somewhat outdated, but once you play the game this somehow fades away and becomes part of style of the game. While the combat system is somewhat simplistic, it just work. It never bored me once, and made a good balance between new story advances and battles. I am truly glad I took the time to experience the grand journey that is Trails in the Sky and it's sequel, and I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this to any JRPG fan out there. I am certain your only regret will be not playing this game sooner."
,Recommended,251150,27074028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mushroomhead_420,"If you're looking for an RPG with well written, diverse characters, great world building and an awesome story on top, look no further.Trails in the Sky's greatest strength lies in it's writing, though the gameplay mechanics don't need to hide either. The turnbased combat is enhanced by arts and crafts, which let you attack, heal, buff, debuff or manipulate the turn-order, so there's a certain amount of stategy involved. On the higher difficulties some of the later boss-battles can be pretty intense.The graphics may be the games weakest point, but the artstyle is overall very nice and has a comforting feel to it.If you're not turned off by JRPGs completely, definitely give this one a try."
,Recommended,251150,27458083,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,battlefever151,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is the first title in the ""Trails of"" series. The game is heavy and rich dialogue with a fairly complex game world where every characters evolve and develops(including random NPCs). Exploring this world and getting to know its residents is an immersive experience. The story is very well-written despite some pacing issues as for some people, the story seem to take quite some time to have big events happening. It actually only picks up towards the end. The gameplay is similar to most grid turn-based RPG, but with the management of the orbment and quartz system which adds a twist of fun into it. The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is part of a triolgy, so expect to follow-up on the adventure and story of our main characters."
76561198138533975,Recommended,251150,27422015,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ロキ クライ,classic jrpg and best story
76561198047502423,Recommended,251150,16946161,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,CorruptMadNinja,"tl;dr One of the best JRPGs I've played in a while. Buy it now since the Second Chapter will be released soon! (Summer 2015)Story: Without spoilering anything, the story is like a snowball rolling down a snowy mountain. It's slow to start and the tutorial is a bit tedious (mainly because you can just spam attack and get away with it) but before you realize it, you are completely immersed in the story. You follow a brother and sister pair of junior bracers (mercenaries) as they travel across the country doing bracer things, which range from exterminating monsters to solving a robbery to helping out with a festival.Characters: You'll have to try to find a character you hate. All of the characters (NPCs and Story characters) have good depth. With every ""event"" you trigger (mainly story driven events), NPCs will change their dialogue. Whether it is simply how late it's getting, change the menu of the cafe they own, or complainly about the military, the dialogue is constantly changing. All of the story characters are likeable, though they do fall into the typical tropes. Despite being stereotypic, they are written very well.Music: Great music. The battle music may take some getting used to though. The tracks have a jazzy feel to them.Battle system: Turn-based but it's not set in stone. You can, and are encouraged to, manipulate who goes when by increasing your speed, casting magic/arts, making the enemy delay, and use s-crafts. You have a set of commands: attack, move, arts, crafts, items, and run away. Attack is caused you to move and attack (both within your range and depending on the character). Move causes you to move to a specific spot (if you want to get out of an art attack or into a healing/buffing range. Arts make you cast magic, with 1 turn for prepare to cast and 1 to cast and damage/heal (Uses MP). Crafts are character specific attacks that use CP (which you get from attacking or taking damage). S-crafts can crafts that can be activated whenever your CP hits 100, with additional damage/effects if it hits 200. S-crafts causes you to take your turn next regardless of the speed. Items make you use items on yourself of party members. Run away is self-explanatory.There's also an materia-like system for assigning arts and stat changes. The battle system take a bit to master but the game does supply you with the Junior-Bracer Handbook, which contains a ton of information on the battle system as well as quest notes (in case you forget what you need to do or the riddle/diagram)Major Cons:Lots of ""missables"": You'll need a guide if you want to try to 100% the game in 1 playthrough. I'd recommend just playing the game normally since some things you'll have to get out of the way to get (i.e. walking all the way back to the beginning of the chapter for a book at the end of a chapter). The only quests that are really misable are the only gotten from talking to NPCs at certain times. If you really want to get everything, follow a guide and save often! You have 99 pages of 10 save slots...Ending: The story has an ending and wraps up most, if not all, of its loose ends before the endin credits. However, it ends in a cliffhanger. But fear not! XSEED is currently translating the Second Chapter and will release it sometime this summer (2015).Polarizing Issues:Battle system: It's pretty standard turn-based RPG with pseudo tactics. You have a physical attack, arts (magic), crafts (character attacks), move (which takes a turn), run away, and item. The only major set back of this system is the inability to skip animations so you'll always see that Aerial spell animation everytime you cast it!Character design: Not the design themselves but more the chibi character sprites. You'll get use to it but it may be off putting at firstSlog: The prologue is a slow start. In fact, the entire game and possibly series (i'm kinda biased towards Cold Steel) is a snow ball effect. It starts off slow but builds up to something greater over 2 games.Despite these shortcomings, I'd still highly recommend it!"
76561198077649060,Recommended,251150,33326637,Posted: 6 July,all,Reclusegamer,"Several years back, I was sitting down thinking while combing my way around the steam library, “Is there something better than the pre-playstation 2 final fantasies out there? Persona 2 was dark and made me uncomfortable, even after the ending. I miss the days when the world got blown up by mad clowns, had to be saved, and the main character's audacity was proportional to the size of his weapon.” Unfortunately, that was my childhood and that's all I had back in the day. I was open to anything as long as it was entertaining. Boy, was I in for a surprise.After swimming around all the visual novels, that Aidios-knows-why they are even being published here. I don't even understand why visual novels have a market here in steam; I actually stumbled on something that was interesting. I thought this would be some laidback adventure but I was wrong. A good female protagonist too was also rare...After going through all 3 installments of the arc in this franchise I can only say this...I guarantee you, you will NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!Never have I ever played a game that has made me laugh so hard and so many times! Such a gem was the very thing of my wildest dreams!No game, or trilogy for that matter, has character development this well done. You will love all of the characters in this game. Their conversations and interactions with each other will make you spill your guts nearly every few moments but that could be biased to me because I love dry humor so much. It's also never existent in most games I've played because it's usually centered around one non-serious npc in a game.That's not to say the game does not have serious moments. It does get dark sometimes but not so much here in the 1st game.The games are beatable with varying difficult settings to sate either your learning curve or sense of masochism. It plays a lot like Final Fantasy Tactics. So if you already had your fill of that game, you're already off to a good head start but turn based combat on an isometric battlefield isn't hard to understand either. It is a little slow paced though.To use spells you use technology called orbments. They draw power from quartz that you can make to give you your spells and plenty are available. Aside from that, there is also a separate meter for craft skills. These are used for character specific attacks and abilities and all characters have them. The meter used for craft points is also for your S-breaker skills. S-breakers are like limit break skills. As characters take their active turns in combat, icons to the right of the turn order window will show up and they can get bonuses like a minor hp heal or a free critical when its their active turn. Enemies can get these bonuses too but if you activate an S-breaker by clicking the red dots above the character portraits right before the monster's turn you can steal the bonus and use you can also use the S-breaker on that turn. (Best save for a critical steal! You don't want a boss monster getting a free critical.)As there are 3 games in this trilogy, it won't end at the end of this game. The main focus of the story here in the 1st game is Estelle's and Joshua's journey around their nation as “bracers”. As you go through the towns meeting and helping people they will discover something taking place behind the scenes as they go and explore what's going on both on and under the surface of their nation.This game will take you on a wonderful ride and I highly recommend getting on it!"
,Recommended,251150,26867580,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ash,"A game that stands the test of time. A fantastic story, engaging gameplay, gorgrous music and throughly enjoyable. A must play for fans of the JRPG genre."
,Recommended,251150,24397923,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SKILLS,This game is a masterpiece.
76561198067177225,Recommended,251150,18372887,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,DG,"Well polished, top quality game. It's not aimed at the hardcore combat geeks but everyone else should be happy."
,Recommended,251150,18335514,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SturmSoldat,"The game basically tells the journey of Estelle and Joshua, where you'll find new characters and events that go deeper into the plot.An exciting story, full of emotional moments, very fun Essenes , a challenging and full fighting system, in short, a JRPG that you can not miss. (for those who have playes Grandia, you definitely will love this game!!)"
76561198240599838,Recommended,251150,18349221,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Haverstash,"It is a cute game. As other posters have mentioned, it employs anime-style cut scenes to great effect.I would say it is better than the Final Fantasy series of game for its ""deeper"" story. Nothing wrong with Final Fantasy; consumed many a weekend playing this, but this game's story is a bit more involved.If you are curious what being inside an anime might be like, this game is it."
76561198044169375,Recommended,251150,18370919,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SatoshiKyu,"One of the best JRPGs I've ever played. Story is riveting, the chracters are phenomenal, and the combat is engaging (if a bit simplistic). Am actually dying waiting for the sequel."
76561198041978391,Recommended,251150,18308965,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SpoonMan,"This game has quickly become my favorite JRPG game of all time. This game does everything right; it has a fanastic story, great battle mechanics, and lovable characters. The game took me about 50 hours to complete, and not a single minute of it felt boring or dull. This was because about a third of the game is spent on reading dialog between characters that really builds up a believable and enjoyable world for you to explore. If you are a fan of JRPGs, you must play this game!"
,Recommended,251150,16514007,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dio,One of the greatest JRPGs ever made makes its way to steam.  It is story heavy and has virtually no voice acting outside of battles.  It is originally a PSP game so don't expect pretty graphics although this games look does have its own charm.
76561198083433370,Recommended,251150,16608689,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,g2gravediger,One of my favorite games i've ever bought
76561197969280883,Recommended,251150,19781187,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Argarion,"This one suprised me when I first played it.  Interesting tactical combat system, great story, great soundtrack.  I've played a lot of JRPGs but Trails in the Sky is now one of my favorites."
76561197963641038,Recommended,251150,19775765,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Gestaltzerfall,
,Recommended,251150,19814539,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Noctus,It's already one of my favorites JRPG.I can't stop playing it!
,Recommended,251150,19890496,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,強い Pascal,Simply excellent ~
76561198160277677,Recommended,251150,19880383,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,司月空,虽然已经买了PSV上的高清重置班，但是看到降价还是没有忍住剁剁剁！
76561198076269659,Recommended,251150,19837107,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,[BT]sgtkururu,"This is probably my first experience with this company, and I am now already playing Trails in the Sky SC, so it is beyond time for this review.  This rpg has a playstyle fairly similar to Chrono Trigger, with a story like none I have seen in a jrpg in a long time.  Even the smallest bit part side character has a personality and a name, and in the second game, all of those details are expounded upon.  I do not think I have ever truly remembered the shop keepers or the innkeepers in rpgs I have played before this one on a personal basis, so for me this game was a firts.That said, the combat is crisp, the characters on your team have a personality and a playstyle all their own, and the magic system feels very much like a toned down materia system from FF7.  In short, it is all glorious.  Enemies present a clear and present danger at every stage of the game if you are not paying attention, and the exp curves to allow you to grind as little or as much as you want and not end up too over/underpowered for a boss encounter.TLDR:  Great characters, great story, great combat machanics, great magic system, well thought out gameplay.If you like JRPG's pick this one up,  you will not be disappointed."
76561198145314806,Recommended,251150,19833178,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Astra,Its great.
76561198037686123,Recommended,251150,19826239,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Rob,amaze
76561198043618693,Recommended,251150,19837757,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SrBoris,Ok. Plain and simple. There are no words to describe this game. I can only say that this game provides an unparalleled experience for just about anyone.
76561198044443951,Recommended,251150,20018325,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,conundrum07,Great JRPG!
,Recommended,251150,20021176,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Tarodan,excellent.
,Recommended,251150,20050465,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,heretic_hero,"Impressions:The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is one of my all-time favorite games, and I think that a lot of the people who have played it feel the same way. This is one of those ""story rich"" JRPGs that generate what feels like a living world filled with characters that you come to care about. This game oozes charm out of every pore.Recommended for:JRPG enthusiastsPeople who like turn-based battles, and want a little extra strategic spice.Lore-nuts, avid readers, and people who are compelled to talk to every NPC they find. This game hasA Lotof story besides the main plot: there are books to collect, newspapers to read, andEvery, Single NPChas their own name, personality, and dialogue that changes over the course of the game.People looking for a good game with a well-crafted female protagonist. Estelle is one of my favorite lead characters in a game, and one of a surprisingly few girls to make the list.Not recommend for:Those who want customization. I'm afraid that you won't be able to choose your party until the very end of the game.People who hate reading.One final note:If you find yourself liking this game, then I highly recommend picking up its sequel: The Legend of Heroes - Trails in the Sky SC.This game ends with one heck of a cliffhanger, and you won't get the full story without playing the second game."
,Recommended,251150,20295170,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sniget,"This is a great jRPG if you like these types of games, you owe it to yourself to play it."
,Recommended,251150,20281086,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Don't Mind Me,best shocking na
,Recommended,251150,19766880,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Tama,"Impressive story and game play, good quality graphic and soundRecommend for everyone who like J-RPG"
,Recommended,251150,20156534,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Glen Fletcher,"This game is incredible.The graphics and control system might be a bit junky (it's a little old and (I think) is a PSP port), but the characters, the world, and the storyline are all astounding.The first thing I did after completing it... was buy the sequel. THAT's how good it is.One of the best RPG's I've ever played."
76561198106208307,Recommended,251150,19931345,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SadReacts,The only downside is that it does not have voice overs on dialouge which is a big let down for me because ive played jrpjs with voice over dialogue.
,Recommended,251150,27595864,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,piemanding,Best JRPG I have played so far. Though I haven't played many.
,Recommended,251150,27682121,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DracoChalybeius,"I recommend this game toeveryone.Especially during this sale for only $10, but it's better than maost $60 AAA titles on the market. One of the best JRPGs of all time, my favorite game of all time. Definitely guilty of some tropes, but it owns that fact, and the writing is top-notch. Comedy, tension, sadness, twists and turns, and lovable characters with a fun battle system and a phenominal soundtrack.And that ending... ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" award indeed.{Grabs harmonica and plays Whereabouts of Light} Doodoodoo doo doooo, dooodoodoo dooo doooo, dooodoodooo dooo doooo doo, dooodoodoo dooo dooo..."
76561198028738294,Recommended,251150,27676336,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Apolie,One of the best game stories ever!
,Recommended,251150,27671614,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cptn_Hooks,"I haven't played JRPG's in years, I felt that the genre got very saturated and became too focused on lifelike graphics and sexually ambiguous characters, which I don't have a problem with, but where is the whimsey, the intrigue and the fun?  I miss the old school Final Fantasy games, Chrono Trigger, Suikoden, Breath of Fire, Star Oceans, Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky brings me back to that.  The game is fun.  The battle system is interesting and unique, the characters, while goofy at times, are memorable and fun.  All wrapped up in a visually interesting package, in a fun world filled with interesting little jokes, locales, NPC's and the such.  The fact that you can follow the lives of NPC's from place to place, in some regards, is interesting and fun."
76561198017208116,Recommended,251150,27606313,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Magilou,soothing feelgood adventure exploring the world and trying to make it a little better
,Recommended,251150,27658462,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yatogami,"This is one of the best games, if not the best game, that I've ever played. The story is the main focus of the game, and it'll introduce to you an exciting, yet meaningful world. You'll meet and fall in love with many characters; you'll get hyped as every dialogue or action gains meaning over time. The story never falls short, and at every moment I was thrilled to learn more about it.The music is also superb. With 57 tracks, there is an adequate one for every situation. Even after finishing the game, I keep listening to its soundtrack, reliving every moment of its grandeur. From remembering the casual setting of Rolent, when my adventure had just begun, to being impressed by the final zone, with all of its glory and mystery, the music is always there to make me feel the game again.Last, but far from least, is the gameplay. While this game doesn't have the features of tactical RPGs, the combat is streamlined and entertaining. You'll meet a large diversity of enemies, each one with its own particularities, and those enemies are what will make one battle different from another.This game marked me forever. Interestingly, I've purchased this game by chance, on a Steam Sale. Don't let you chance pass. Buy this game, and enjoy this masterpiece."
76561197973672122,Recommended,251150,27805761,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Legacy,"Genuinely excellent game.  Classic RPG stylings, and with only one exception (that only really matters if you're trying a perfect run) there aren't any points that feel out of place or require grinding outside the game flow.  One caveat though; this is part 1 of 2 and it does end with several strings left untied!  Good thing the sequel is also on Steam!"
,Recommended,251150,27773824,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Re:Vert ☆,"The music worth the price.I bought it just to listen to their aesthetics music.Aside of music part,Their combat system are pretty same with other JRPG as well. Turn based thingy with limited move.Also you might to see some pain (if you are PC master race being), this game runs kinda blurry on 1080p.Try to hold your PC Master Race feels, this is just old PSP game bein port to PC.Putting SweetFX (DirectX 8) should able to work and relieve your triggering PC Master Race feels.But unfortunately, this game wont start if you put SweetFX.  That's kinda sad.."
76561198016484670,Recommended,251150,27884731,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Frenzappa,"That game is a huge discovery ! I never thought I could retrieve the old style and atmosphere of an early 90's RPG in this game, I really love it ! I brought it a couple days ago and I'm already fan of it. I've even buyed the next chapter a couple minutes ago. Definitely worth it !"
76561198040570281,Recommended,251150,17673380,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,josiah_kessler,"Very good JRPG. The story is most likely the best part about this game (but hey that's the part that usually makes or breaks a good RPG anyways). Lots of non-story quests are available to increase the total play time and many can be quite entertaing.Combat is relatively simple: Turn order is listed on the side and then you take turns moving, attacking or casting crafts. You can also cast Arts as you deal or take damage.Overall, I would highly recommend this game. I've played lots of RPGs over the past 20 years and it can be challenging to find good RPGs these days that I havent already played. This is a great one though (on my top 10 list now); any RPG fan should pick it up.Can't recommend this enough!!"
76561197991085701,Recommended,251150,24401268,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Ferden,10/10get this game.Then get the second chapter.
,Recommended,251150,24400445,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,mckinst87,One of the best games I have ever played. Start to finish absolutely brilliant!
,Recommended,251150,24375330,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Will,"A force buying plot, i like it though. Good game btw."
,Recommended,251150,26448662,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,qImpressionq,"I don't normally write reviews but it must be said...Trails in the Sky is an amazing game. It made me, a person adverse to spending money, buy a PSP Vita just so I can play Trails of Cold Steel too. Give the game a try, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,251150,25518860,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shiro Hayate,"After that ending, I had to strangle some hamsters to feel manly again."
,Recommended,251150,26369229,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,GrieverXIII,"Terrific game, best jrpg I have played in years. However, If you don't enjoy reading then its not for you."
76561198123060895,Recommended,251150,26342487,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,x_epted,"The characters are all very charming and surprisingly deep, the writing itself is quality and endearing, and the world is just so comfy to be in. Don't go in expecting anything epic from the start. The game's a slow burn, but if you take the time, it's rewarding in all the ways it promises to be. The dungeons are fairly bland and side quests can become tedious at times, but they're forgiven due to the fact that they all serve to fully flesh out this wonderful world."
76561198006723892,Recommended,251150,26121664,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Blackcoat3649,Just great. More games like this!
76561198032227036,Recommended,251150,26329545,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,LegendMD,"Game Rating: 8/10The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is suprisingly well made and fun to play if you like JRPG. The gameplay is average and basic and some of the monsters and combat does get repetitive. But what makes this game shine is the story. Excellent story from start to finish. With an unforseen ending which shocked me. The gameplay may be average, but the story makes up for that and will have you dive in for hours until the finish."
,Recommended,251150,26467704,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,weeaboone,"I just finished The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky.This game is fantastic.I spent a long time away from RPGs and had an itch to get back into them and this was the first to really hold my attention. I'll try to keep this short and to the point.The story is incredible. Upon researching the Steam release, I found out the entire script of the first localized version of the game on PSP was completely revised and props to XSEED for that. The writing is top notch. Every single character in this game is well written and dynamic, including NPCs such as townspeople. They always have something interesting to say that contributes to the overall story and world of the game. Many jaw dropping moments in the ending as well. What a cliff hanger. Luckily Part 2 has been localized at the time of writing this.The battle system is simple, yet intricate enough to hold your attention. Battles are turn-based and occur in a movable grid field. Strategy is importand and rewarded, but I never found it making or breaking the course of a battle until the last couple of fights. Another thing that keeps things fresh are Orbments, which basically control what spells characters can cast, so a lot of customization can go into your party. It's pretty neat, At first I didn't spend much time customizing, but by the end of the game I found myself making little tweaks here and there just for the hell of it.This game is also not too difficult. The only part of the game I had a problem with was the final showdown, but that's because I was an idiot and didn't realized that Cestial Balms could revive and restore max health. I had 15 of them the entire time. I'd honestly reccomend this game to people who either are like me and spent a long time away from the RPG genre, or people who have never picked one up all their life. It's also worth mentioning that this game doesn't have many of the typical JRPG tropes (you know what I'm talking about), so if the anime art style is turning you off, don't judge a book by its cover. With that said Kloe is definitely waifu material.TL;DR: The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is an accessable JRPG that will hook you with its story and somewhat fresh gameplay. If you have the least bit of interest in playing it, I highly reccomend you do so."
,Recommended,251150,24538156,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Apple Bottom Jeans,"One of the best games I've ever played, amazing first part in one of the best JRPG's"
,Recommended,251150,24513901,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Countdownshot,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is legit yo, solid game."
76561198231485040,Recommended,251150,23993070,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ghost K Su,"Fun game that offers a challenge when you play on nightmare. If you liked Skies of Arcadia and Chrono Trigger, you most likely will like this game. Certain groups of enemies will make you switch up builds and tactics keeping the game fresh. The story takes a while to build up, but is well done. There are several sidequests you can do. If you play on normal you can run through the game, but on nightmare you will most likely do most of the sidequests to get extra money to stay alive.Advice to get most out of game: Play on nightmare, pay attention in tutorial, do multiple saves, and do sidequests before advancing main storyline."
76561198030022630,Recommended,251150,24100055,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,mciletti,"This is a really charming and fun game.  Sometimes the conversations can get a little wordy, but the characters are very likeable.  I recommend this to any JRPG fan."
76561198062968111,Recommended,251150,23905183,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,zarof,"the story in this game is fantastic and the gamplay is fun as well, throwing its own spin on classic functions. overall i would rate this game very well."
,Recommended,251150,24173765,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Fire-Breathing Bitch-Queen,If you like a rpg that's really story driven and somewhat unique grid combat.  Get it.
,Recommended,251150,24173059,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Syz,A must play for all JRPG fans!
76561198111431911,Recommended,251150,25679648,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Liberl Nationalist,For a first game in the series this game left a great impression. It takes a bit to learn the full grit of the battle mechanics but after everything is highly custimizable and rarely gets boring except in boss fights. The story and characters also very much stand out even the NPC. Without spoiling too much the story always kept me tied to the world of this game. A recommendation from me for sure
76561197996741285,Recommended,251150,25450846,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Agent Doot,This game consumed my life for weeks.Fun magic/combat system.  Some actually difficult boss fights.  Decent difficulty curve.Story takes a while to gear up but it becomes very interesting.In games like this they have a tendency to stick you with different characters at different points for story purposes and usually that's a drag but each character is strong and unique enough it never felt annoying to have to use anyone.  If anything by the end of the game I had a hard time choosing who to bring with me because I liked everyone so much.The only real weakness to this game that I noticed while playing it was how small the game world and towns can feel at times.
76561198040979859,Recommended,251150,25406062,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Corrupted Sanity,"Very good story & characters. I enjoyed hunting down random NPCs just to talk to them. If that's what you're interested in, go for it.I personally decided to try not being a complete achivement hunter for probably the first time and I think it was a good decision.Gameplay isn't bad, though I wouldn't call it amazing."
,Recommended,251150,25414961,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,GrandpaPotato,"If you like your JRPGs packed with story and excellent world building, just buy the game right now. If just want to slay some monsters and go on a bit of an adventure, look elsewhere. I personally love the Trails sub-series and recommend it to anyone who likes JRPGs. The continent of Zemuria is one I'll be returning to on a regular basis for as long as they keep the story going."
,Recommended,251150,25766130,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sir Onion,"If you're ready to read a long visual novel with great character development, humour and a hint of romance then this games for youI loved this game. It might not be for everyone as it is a bit long in between chapters but it works well for me because the only reason why its long is the game is building the characters up so well you just know that some time in the future they're going to smack you with a plot twist.I'm also a sucker for romance sub plots i feel this game makes the characters do exactly what you want them to do and also what you least expect them to do.This game is also incredibly easy dont expect to come in thinking it will be a challange still in my opinion alot of fun"
76561198006301024,Recommended,251150,25868086,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Da_Schwartz,"I really like Trails. BUT the end game seemed VERY VERY grindy. Final stage takes forever to the point where i actually have given up. which is a shame because i'd really like to know how it ends. I reached ""annhilation mode"" battled for about 45 minutes to a near stalemate and lost. Not having the patience to try again i exited and was sent backwards far enough where I'm probably not going to try anymore. The game overall pacing was good. Slow at times but dialogue and characters chatter is well written and worth the read. Combat was tight, strategic, satisfying, but again. for me anywyas.. final stage it all just takes too long. Maybe because i was only lvl 37-38 going into final area. (no idea if that is low or not)."
,Recommended,251150,26213800,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Divine Raphiel,"Who are you? someone who like RPG games? someone who seeks amazing and touching story? then this game will be perfect for you.. this game bring us a wonderfull story about bracers that protect its people from monsters. If you like love stories, then you are absolutely have to buy this game! This game will give you experiences that make your heart twiching and your body trembling. The twisting plot and the love story between the characters will make you want more story from this game!np: The characters from this game are amazingly cute :)"
,Recommended,251150,26220863,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,grinnbearit,A good JRPG with great pacing and an interesting world.
,Recommended,251150,26468605,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,23 hours.Still in chapter 2.The ride never ends.
76561197967108792,Recommended,251150,26701248,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Fuepepe,"Slow start, but an amazing series in the long run."
,Recommended,251150,26639063,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Leviathan235,"Excellent game. I like RPG's a lot, especially ones where story and character development are central tenets of the game. Very enjoyable, though starts a bit slow in the beginning. Some parts of the story may also seem a bit mundane, but all of it is in the interest of character and plot development.The one thing I wish could've been done better is the combat. A bit too simplistic, if you ask me. Athough I couldn't build my characters using equipment, I loved building my characters using quartz.Overall, when you play the game, you feel yourself fully engaged in what happens to our heroes next and also rooting for them to triumph over their foes. I'd give this game 8.5 out of 10."
76561198047863390,Recommended,251150,26628047,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,NICENIKESHOE,"+ Excellent presentations with superb storytelling and world building.+ Story wise not too complicated or cliche while still leave some mysteries for people to speculate.+ A large companion pool that are memorable and plays significant roles in main casts' journey, even if each only present in their respective chapters. NPC's life doesn't revolve around main casts and they have their own mundane worries/excitement that you can inquire.+ Music is masterpiece, sets the atmosphere well.+ Battlewise very diverse option, you can approach different strategies and they still work in any difficulty. While some may be perceive as easy, personally I like the way games have no ""optimal build"".+ dat 4th wall breaking chest dialogues, always remember to read them after open chest.- Hidden quests demand a lot of backtracking to previous locations.- While time gated optional quests are lore friendly, lack of direction of when they end may discourage new players- Couple bugs and QoL haven't been address even til now, such as configuration options and CAMP menu have no item/skill descriptions (need to open it twice to bring it up).Overall, certainly one of the most enjoyable JRPGs I played. Its combat may not stand out in current era, but the story is still entertaining and dramatic while not too cheesy. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,251150,26604206,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,docowlie,"JRPG that reminds me for the good old days with Lunar, Final Fantasy, Suikoden, Thousand Arms, Cant stop playing this one."
,Recommended,251150,30658232,Posted: 21 March,all,Makem,This will be a running update as I feel like it. I'm currently 2.5 hours in and the game looks quite interesting. I am so far enjoting the story and I see a lot of potential going forward. I hope that I won't be disappointed.6 hours 20 minutes logged on my first run through. The game is still interesting although it feels very repetitive. Not much strategy to speak of. Just get into a grove and beat up the monsters. Hoping that things pick up soon.
76561197995314331,Recommended,251150,20441868,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Blackkaos,Very fun JRPG.  The character interaction and story takes center stage.  The customizing system is pretty great but the battle system isn't that great.  It's good and kinda similar to lunar and grandia in that you need to get in range to attack or do skills.
,Recommended,251150,20441304,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Birchy,The art reminds me of Breath of Fire 3.  The combat system combines many other strong points of other JRPGs.  Very dialog heavy (in a good way).  Good character development and interesting story!
76561197963134328,Recommended,251150,20431590,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mepps,"Great, classic JRPG so far."
76561198051833881,Recommended,251150,20447147,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,CryingPoo,"TL;DR : Money well spent! Adorable graphics, can run on a low spec laptop, GREAT GREAT storyline&music and characters, almost like a good book. 35 hours of playtime. But, I wouldn't recommend playing this game if you are not a fan of reading dialogues! The good portion of game involves reading but dialogues are not boring but if you are into 'SKIP SKIP QUEST SKIP SKIP' then the game is not for you.I was looking for a relaxing game that I could play on my laptop, sometimes playing competitive games or FPS can be tiring. I wanted a game that was playble with keyboard only (as I intended to play on my laptop) with a great story line.This game has an awesome storyline and great dialogues, it's almost like reading a novel! I even ended up playing this game on my desktop because I wanted to know what happens in the storyline. The game has great characters with different personalities, a great plot-twist at the end. I am going to start play the second chapter now and I can't wait.It took me like 35 hours to finish the game so the money well spent (though Steam says 64 hours, that's because I left the game running in the background)!Edited : THE SOUNDTRACKS ARE AMAZING"
76561198051224878,Recommended,251150,13973988,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Mesecur,"Awesome game if you like the old, 8-bit style RPGs with some modern anime graphics :D"
76561198018647783,Recommended,251150,20313959,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ChaosMuffins,This game has cheese 10/10
,Recommended,251150,20311756,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,hamster knight,"I bought this game because I wanted to play jrpg and I only had a crappy old laptop to play with. I didn't really expect much from this game to be honest when I first started playing.  The story started off pretty slow and combat is kinda boring and repetitive. But once the story started to pick up a pace, it started to get pretty interesting. And that ending...wow...although it's a hugh cliffhanger, it's one of the most emotional endings I've ever seen. I'll definitely remember that ending and music for a long time. Overall, I'm really glad I gave this game a try and stuck with it till the end. I hope you give this game a try too, especially if you like a jrpg with good story and don't mind lots of reading, somewhat dull combat, and slow start."
76561197988466336,Recommended,251150,20311376,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mathias,This game was just what I was looking for. It is a decently long (50 to 60 hours) story with very in-dept characters. I remember playing Chrono Cross and Legends of Dragoon and loving the story and characters. This game lets me have that JRPG experience without eye cancer; it is a very pretty game. The downside is that there is a clift hanger; but the second game is out now.
,Recommended,251150,20299136,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,METAPOD,"I'm not the biggest fan of this game, but I have to say that it is a good game for anyone who plans to play some JRPG.The battle system is turn-based, and you can look at the order of actions, with some interesting mechanics to play along in fights. I played only normal mode so it wasn't a big deal, but I can see that planning your moves would be important in hard, or nightmare mode.The storyline is just meh for me. The plot twists made the story more interesting, but nothing blows your mind.I also couldn't find myself liking the characters. A tomboy-ish female MC, and a male MC that doesn't standout in personality. I would say other characters aren't quite ""normal"" in terms of personality, but I can't say I enjoyed the game because of them. The only character that I wished for appearance in the party would be the MC's father, which was mentioned a lot how awesome he is in the game, but he's not playable and only appeared in story for short time.Steam achievements were a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get, and I gave up getting all of them because I didn't feel like playing the game anymore.I rate this game 6/10, mainly for the unique battle system which didn't bore me completely with just normal attacks"
76561197991852089,Recommended,251150,20455290,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,albhtan,"10/10This game caught me by surprise because of how good it is. Great story accompanied by great gameplay, and also amazing characters.  Took me about 50+ hours to complete and worth every penny. By the end of the game, I felt satisfied yet wanting more, luckily there is the second chapter version of the game.  I should mention the game save from this to the 2nd chapter do carryover but in a limited way, just a little added bonus to jump start your adventure, as well as some easter egg conversations from the first chapter.The ability to have New Game+ mode after finishing the game is also great, in case you want to try on harder difficulty or just completing all the achievments. When first starting the game, I recommend just doing normal mode, because it's already challenging as is.  Hard or Nightmare difficulty will work you hard, and if you're a glutton for punishment I guess it's fine, but otherwise, it will take you out of the game because of how hard it is. So again, I recommend this game on normal mode on first playthrough, other than the difficulty, there is no added bonus at all for  playing on higher difficulty."
,Recommended,251150,20319418,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The Combine Sniper,"Being a former vita title, The Legend of Heroes is a port, it is unlike many others with higher budget done quite well, it is easier to play it with a gamepad then with a mouse and keyboard, the only downside of notice would be that you have to configurate the buttons the first time you use it, and that you have to have the controller plugged in when you start the game, other than these few points the actual game does not have any issues with the controlls. Due to it being a former vita title it ofcourse does not have high end graphics, it is however, highly optimized. It also provides an lenghty story with plenty of optinal content. As to the actual story, it is at times predictable with some obvious plot points, but overall it is still solid, i would however not play this if the combat was weak. Combat in this game is done in turns, were who gets a move is determined by a speed stat, i belive that the strong suit of the combat system is its simplicity, it's stats are few, and have straghtforward effects, like increasing damage done, or lessening taken damage. The most advanced thing about this system would be orbments, the ''magic'' of this world, you add a ''quartz'' to your characters slots and it confers certain bonuses to that characters. With this you can increase damage whilest lessening your defence, or cause your opponent to freeze etc. It is only with certain combos that you unlock what could be called spells. These ''quartz'' also confers a elemental effect, so your characters might take less damage from water, but more from fire and so on.With the price the game currently has compared to the amount of gameplay, i would recommend this game to anyone who likes casual strategy and/or JRPG, it easily provides you with about 40 hours of interesting gameplay and a story well complements said gameplay."
76561198062478821,Recommended,251150,20339684,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Sochaul,"What can I say?  I'm an avid fan of RPGs.  So much of a fan that I have gotten pretty picky about it. I like 2 main things to be good in an RPG: story and gameplay. This definitely has both. It's quite a unique story with a hero that actually stands out.  And the gameplay, holy crap!  I love it!  It's fast pace, but you have to be smart about your moves when in a harder battle.  Basically, imagine a game like Final Fantasy Tactics Advanced, where your position and skills you use and how you use them are VERY important, but cut the time per battle down to a minute for a normal battle, about 5 minutes for a boss battle (for your first time, at least).This game also has its own charm.  The people say things you wouldn't expect. I could gush more, but I wanna get back to playing it!Final words: I give it a TEN OUTTA TEN."
,Recommended,251150,20494960,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Srakken,"Great RPG had a lot of fun with this one. If you enjoy the earlier final fantasy games, suikodenand the like you will enjoy this title."
76561198093106136,Recommended,251150,20527529,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,paul.hawthorne,"This is honestly one of my favourite games I've ever played. All the characters are extremely well written and charming as well as the combat being fun. Something I really appreciate about this game is the fact that you barely need to grind at all, so long as you don't run from every encounter. The story, whilst not mindblowingly original, is still very interesting and entertaining.My only criticism I have is that some of the sidequests are frankly impossible to do without a guide (unless you're willing to spend hours trying to complete a single one). However most are relatively straight-forward and fun, as well as to help immerse yourself in the idea of being a Bracer.Overall this game is exceptionally good fun and ultimately one of the best I've played for shear enjoyment."
,Recommended,251150,22253030,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,lyp1,"I love this game, but the fights are too slow and long to my liking. The camera during world exploration can be quite annoying since you need to keep changing the angle to get a good view. Changing the camera angle messes up my directions tooThe story seems to be interesting. I would love to know more if not for the long winded battles. Gosh, I hate strategy-style battles in JRPGsBut still, this game is good overall"
,Recommended,251150,21124482,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Deight,"Played for 6 hours straight without realizing it... That's how good the Story, gameplay, music, visuals are! This quickly became one of my favourite JRPGs. 10/10"
76561198082200645,Recommended,251150,22493357,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheGamePad8888,Must buy game for JRPG Lovers a great series and really reminds me of the Retro days i will be getting every installment they release !
76561198124202037,Recommended,251150,19180148,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,shayh315,"I absolutly love this game it has a great characters, good music, & an addictive story that will easily capture your attention & keep it. I play any chance I get especially now that the second chapter in the series is out. Once I am done with this one I will definitely buy the second chapter."
,Recommended,251150,23056522,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Remerant,"I've played this game for a while now and I'm really enjoying it, the detail put into each of the characters actions and the surroundings is brilliant, the combat is fluid and fun although there are some problems and is somewhat challenging on hard mode, I'd imagine it would be quite easy on normal mode, I'm also liking the games story, based around the bracer guild and doing jobs but thats just my preference.The problems I've had is mainly with combat, the combat in this game is grid based so you start on a grid and each character takes their turn as assigned by the list of characters and enemies on the left obviously this is based on character stats so the faster the character the faster their turn comes around see pictures.My biggest con is the move option in combat, in most games if you move your character you can still take an action after you move however in this game it ends your turn, if you decide to attack an enemy in your move range however the character will automatically move and attack that enemy, so you can either move your characters essentially giving up your turn or choose to attack which moves your character automatically, the move option is shot even more for the fact that most arts have a range that covers the entire battlefield, of course this benefits you as well as the enemy but this makes it so positioning your characters is essentially pointless unless the enemy has a big aoe skill which I've yet to see (Except the one enemy that used a powerful aoe skill every turn that covered the entire battlefield)Characters during a fight also have Craft's these are character specific skills which a character can use when they accumulate the required CP which you gain dealing damage, or taking damage, when you hit 100cp (max 200) you can use your craft instantly in combat this has several advantages, firstly if you face a boss with maxed cp you can get 3 instant and powerful attacks in right at the start of the fight as these attacks put you right at the top of the turn bar, second during combat random bonuses will be put on the turn bar which are given to the character or enemy who is next to said bonus EG: Critial hit (100% critical chance) +HP etc if the enemies turn is next and they have the critical bonus next to their portrait and you use your craft with 100cp you will knock the enemies turn down and jump into that bonusExperience in this game is based on your level so if you get 20xp at level 3 you'll only get 10xp from the same enemy at lvl 4 this doesn't bother me but might be a gripe for other people.Jobs can be obtained during the main story from the bracer guild board each mission has a time to complete i.e (Short) (Medium) (Long) from what I can gather this ticks by as you complete main story missions so you need to check the board after completing a main story mission or you might miss one.As you do jobs you gain xp and gain levels as a bracer such as 'Junior bracer rank 7' as you gain xp you will level up and you get items for doing so, so its important to not miss missions from the board as stated above.Skills in the game are based on what Quartz you put into your orbment slots, basically you have a max of 6 slots which you unlock (Quite easy to unlock em all early on) each quartz can grant an ability such as HP1 gives the Tear ability (Heals you or an ally) and +5%hp so your not stuck with ,that characters a healer, that characters a mage etc, quartz can be created at a shop and also give stat effects such as '20% to blind'Monsters in this game don't drop money instead they drop items (obviously), ingredients for cooking (you can get recipies by eating food from restaurants and make them on the go) and something called Sepith all monsters drop a certain amount and element of sepith at a set rate so if it drops 4 fire septith it will always drop 4 unless there's a bonus and all monsters drop these 100% of the time after each fight and you use this to make Quartz eg: 30 water sepith makes 1, HP1 Quartz, or you can simply sell the Sepith for money at a rate of 1 sepith=10 Mira (Currency)Another minor problem is some enemies in the game have absolute resistance, such as melee attacks wont work at all, so if your out of EP (basically mp) then you cant deal any damage at all luckily the escape chance is 100% this can of course be exploited so if you engage an enemy from the front it will be a standard encounter meaning the fasters character goes first or you can run away and attack from behind which is a suprise attack allowing you several free attacks with all your charactersEnemies also have elemental resistances and these take an important role, and normally not just a measly 10% increase in damage most of the time it's 50% or 100% these are shown when choosing a target.In all I'd give this game a 8/10 I'd definantly recommend this game and its well worth the price, it has its problems but its pro's far outshine any cons I've seen thus far"
,Recommended,251150,24196647,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,PinkPanda,Pros: Really good story.Fun all the way through.Interesting skill system.Challenging.Cons: Camera control is funky on keyboard.Grinding quartz gets boring.9/10.
,Recommended,251150,24328437,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,nnn,5/5
76561198072826923,Recommended,251150,24342073,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,I hope every JRPG from now on will have a nicely balanced Nightmare mode like this title.
,Recommended,251150,20152189,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Prince of NepNep,"A very enjoyable and not too grindy JRPG. The gem system allows you to mix and match gems to obtain different spells and gain trait bonuses. The story is captivating (albeit it does have certain tropes involved) and sports some very interesting characters.The story unfurls in chapters, so back-tracking to previous world locations is not possible. This also occurs with other party members, so you do not get to pick and choose for most of the game.If you liked Final Fantasy 8 , you will find this game very enjoyable."
76561198082622667,Recommended,251150,20237045,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Marco Magnus,"Very dense dialogues, that really makes each caracter more lovely, the gameplay is also awesome!"
76561198127933277,Recommended,251150,20891679,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,MP4VID,"nice game, remind me of oldschool rpg games"
,Recommended,251150,20578251,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Slickwilly06,The most charming JRPG I've played in the last 10 years
,Recommended,251150,30685416,Posted: 23 March,all,Crow,"Fun, addictive little JRPG. The music is stellar, the turn-based combat is challenging and feels rewarding, and the story--while nothing unique--is still a fun take on the European fantasy setting for which JRPGs are known. All of the main cast of characters (and even some of the minor ones) are enjoyable and you want to keep playing to just watch them interact more.For those that don't know, this originally released on the Vita back in 2004, so it plays like a handheld JRPG game from that era (which isn't a bad thing). The game has been cleaned up a little for the PC release, but largely it still dates itself graphically (especially the particle effects). That said, if you're playing a handheld JRPG for graphics quality, you're probably missing the point.I suggest turning off English voices in the Configuration Tool. They are just the end of battle victory cheer and such and there were no voice overs in the original Japanese version. They kinda killed the immersion for me. If you have problems with weird framerate drops or hitching, enable hardware vertex shaders in the Configuration Tool."
76561198042050100,Recommended,251150,20666270,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MuffinButton,"You know, looking into this game, I just thought that this would be any plain RPG with a few gimmicks that make it different. But as I started playing the game more and more, I realized the unique battle system and story are very different than what I expected. I think this game is worth the money and has great replay-ability after completing the game. If you are looking for a new RPG to try and would like something a little different, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,251150,20672821,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,DreamYs,"Lot reviews already been done wrting about the goods in it.So, I just gonna make it simple.You love turn-based JRPG with good story plot?GET THIS!!"
76561198035612401,Recommended,251150,20723820,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Poeticider,"The story starts to get really good then you find out it is the end of the game and you have fork out a tonne more cash for the next game >_< This was really frustrating because it felt it was getting to that point where you would have freedom in the game as opposed to following very linear progression... oh and it also ends on a cliffhanger. oh well I guess im going to have to splash out and buy the next game...Well played Nihon Falcom, well played..."
76561198149828550,Recommended,251150,21484600,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dancing Prinny,A really nice game I love how when you buy books you can actually read them.
76561197996909799,Recommended,251150,21650181,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Great Sage,"Classic JRPG with top-notch storytelling and character development. In the end, the combat system turned out to be another strength. Expect 50 hours of great gameplay... can't wait to play the next one."
76561198051773879,Recommended,251150,21638688,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MadScientist,"Simply put; an awesome JRPG. While I personally enjoyed the combat mechanics, I would say that the strong points of the game are great characters, interesting plot and charming music. The characters and their interactions are very entertaining to follow and that makes non-combat scenes and following the story very enjoyable.After playing through the game I couldn't wait for the second chapter to be released, if you do end up playing through the game and enjoying it, the second chapter is worth looking into."
,Recommended,251150,21636271,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Clumsy,Short and on to the point review - This game is worth your buck :D
76561198061647423,Recommended,251150,21799628,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Waypoint,"Absolutely brilliant game.  The combat is a bit lackluster, but the writing and world-building is some of the best I've ever seen in a video game.The plot is slow in a comfortable way.  Ultimately it's just about Estelle trying to find her dad and understand what it means to be the child of a legend, and it's used as a vehicle to slowly unravel something big and threatening through lots of small, personal conflicts instead of just throwing an Evil Empire(tm) at your face.  Characters are meticulously multifaceted, and everyone from the ditzy lead to random portrait-less NPCs can surprise you with little moments of depth that make them feel that much more believable.  It's rooted in its humanity, and makes it feel completely honest and unpretentious in a way that so many RPGs completely fail to do.Combat is pretty typical JRPG fare.  Each character has a customizable quartz grid, which slightly boosts stats, and its contents dictate your moveset.  Quartz can be swapped out any time out of combat -- most characters have a few restrictions that weight them toward a particular role, but to an extent anyone can be refitted to do whatever you need.  Battle is turn-based with a visible action order like FFX, but on a grid field like a tactics game.  It's not exactly spectacular, but serves its purpose.  The main limitation is that the quartz and spell sets are pretty limited, because this is only the first chapter of a duology that was supposed to be one continuous game (it was so big it had to be split up).  The sequel is able to expand on the combat system much more freely."
,Recommended,251150,21719169,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Primal Pastry,"Interesting world, characters, and story. Combat was fun, challenging but not too hard. A bit to completionist for me. Good game."
76561198146894550,Recommended,251150,21354880,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CrazyEhHole,"Truly a fantastic game. The game hits on all major points for me. Great story, compelling characters and amazing dialogue. I'll break down who should buy this game:If you are a fan of JRPG's - buy it.If you like great stories - buy it.if you like good dialogue - buy it.if you are a gamer......buy it."
,Recommended,251150,21741716,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,the23rdhour,"This game really IS as good as you have heard.  You do have to enjoy reading a lot, though."
76561197968890374,Recommended,251150,21756172,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BarfHappy,"The ""recommend"" is a heartfelt one, not a mere ""buy this to send the publisher a signal"".Do not be fooled by what we call ""production values"", if you can look beyond the initial rough looks feeling, you will find true and genuine charm to this lengthy adventure.The story on its surface layer is classical for sure but surprises are plenty and even though this is the first chapter of a bigger whole, you still feel like you have acomplished something at the end of this journey. Your goals are clear, progress steady.Locations are big enough to feel vast but small enough for backtracking to not be too painful.The world feels lively, and in no small part thanks to the great care and love that went into the script and the careful supervision over the translation. This is a ""fresh"" game, i smiled quite a lot along the way, characters have depth.The script is MASSIVE, many non playing characters show evolution in their dialog, oftentimes with a zest of welcome humour. There are very few choices, which have little consequences beyond extra rewards, this is one linear adventure with one ending.The game flow will have at any time one main interest or purpose, with sidequests available. These sidequests have an expiration time of sort. Progress the main story too far and some sidequests are lost.Ennemies encounters are plenty, with good variety in the bestiary. Foes are clearly visible on screen and battles can be skipped by careful progress and dodging, or provoqued by bumping into the foes,  some items exist to help either way. Leveling up is a little slow to achieve, but ennemies don't scale to your level, which makes the practice viable to ease the progress (although i would recommend the use of the initial difficulty setting to balance your playtime content).Your party will have up to 4 characters, the game is turn and grid based, with a queue rather than ATB, demotion in order and interrupts are included to maintain dynamism. there are technics and ""elemental"" magic arts using slottable items, a bit like the materia system of old, buffs and debufs, status ailments . This is not a hardcore tactical RPG, there is no terrain considerations or team specials, but this is an enjoyable RPG nonetheless.The gameplay is accessible, and after a short tutorial its modalities are readily available, they will not remain locked through unnecessary gradual exposure to the system (even though, of course, progression grants better ""moves"" than what's available at first).The first chapter is well worth your time and hard-earned money as long as you don't mind the idea of an adventure that will have to continue through a sequel."
76561198014324254,Recommended,251150,21602597,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Skasaha,"The writing and world building is amazingly detailed. Most NPCs are individually named and change their dialogue many times each time you can see them after almost anything happens, and in SC they can change further if you completed, missed or failed certain sidequests in FC and used save transfer.A ton of NPCs have their own story arcs that don't really affect anything, they're just there if you look around or talk to the right people and it really makes the world come alive. It's really cool compared to most RPGs where randoms just have one or two lines and you never see them again.The actual story is also pretty good, if a bit melodramatic, more so in part two. The gameplay is fairly balanced and nice and fast paced. You'll never be bogged down in a dungeon and just think 'when is it gonna end?' since the pacing for them is well done. The pacing for the story and overworld sidequests is slow, but it's slow in a good way, like sitting back at a fishing spot and relaxing.The music is amazing.Finally, the lore of this game is vast and expanded on in every sequel. This entry is required playing for the other Trails in the Sky games, not really necessary for Cold Steel and the other untranslated story arc, but each game you add after this first one makes the world bigger and events that seem selfcontained in one game may pop up in SC, or even some of the games released over 10 years later. It brings together the world and make it feel much more lively. and interestingThis is an absolute gem and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys JRPGs."
,Recommended,251150,21590232,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,shonenwarrior,I love this series and have been playing it ever since the first instalment of the Gagharv trilogy came out the Playstation Portable. I would highly reccomend this series to anyone new to RPG genra because its an excellent starting point for any new to this type of game. It's full of fun characters and engaging and sometimes silly storyline but overall a great experience. I'm glad I can now I play this on my laptop with Steam support and I look forward for Steam to have more games like this one.
,Recommended,251150,21721203,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Lime11,"This is my first ever JRPG. It took me a few hours to get used to mind numbingly cliche dialouge, but I quickly learnt to ignore it and just pay attention to the plot itself. And what a plot it is! They've managed to perfectly tie character progression and story together and it really sucks you in. The world design is great too, and even though the game itself is old it's very easy to appreciate the extreme level of detail in all of the enviroments.The turn based combat is deep enough as to not get tiresome, but I found it rather easy. You learn very quickly that AOE spells are the most effective and having a dedicated healer is also necessary. Perhaps if the single target spells did significantly more damage than the AOE spells did it would add a bit more desicion making to the combat. Rather than just spamming AEO nukes and heals you would have to decide between focusing the big threat with high power single target stuff or AOEing the little guys.Although it could have been better the combat certaintly fills its role in the game and doesn't take away from the over all experience.On the RPG side of things it's rather deep indeed. Individual character leveling, items and weapons to equip, as well as these weird orb things that you equip which determine which spells your individual party members will have access to. At first it can be a little overwhelming and I have a feeling some meaning was lost in translation during the tutorial. However, it isnt as complicated as the game makes it sound and after 10 minutes of experimenting I managed to get my head around it. In addition to this, as your party levels up, each member will learn individual skills, called crafts. These work similar to spells (called Arts in game) except they are character specific and cost energy to perform instead of mana. And also unlike spells, you cannot chose which crafts your party members gains access to. They simply become available when a character levels up.Throughout the game you will earn these gem things (I forget the name, quartz maybe?) that can be exchanged for in game currency or used to directly purchase upgrades for your orbments to gain access to more powerful spells. They drop at the end of hostile encounters along with other random items. Outside of experience, this will be be your main form of progression. You will need to exchange them so you have enough money to buy better weapons and items as well as leave enough so you can upgrage your spells. It's up to you to decide which is more important.All in all, I really enjoyed my first ever JRPG and the ending certaintly left me wanting more. It's a good length too, if you take the time to do all the sides quests and talk to all the NPCs. Now, excuse me whilst I purchase the rest of the franchise in it's entirety."
76561198043359811,Recommended,251150,21830168,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Jayme Saylow,Great game with an amazing story / play style10/10
,Recommended,251150,21789413,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,thebadson42,"Someone took the best parts of all my favorite SNES RPGs and rolled them all into one very nice looking game. Great sound, great graphics and great game play. I less than three this game!"
,Recommended,251150,27155922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arterychou,To the very best of times.
,Recommended,251150,27191672,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,_jerieljan/,"This game.... no. The entire Trails series is something that every RPG fan should play and experience for themselves. For a JRPG that seems to have simple mechanics with fluctuating levels in difficulty and with simple (aged) graphics, the entire series spans across multiple games with an entire well-written rich storyline in a cohesive, consistent game world."
,Recommended,251150,27152908,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Geheimen,"One of the best JRPGs available. The world-building is superb, the gameplay is complex and simple at the same time, making it great, and the story is fantastic."
,Recommended,251150,27142093,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eachy Baahz,Fun
,Recommended,251150,27142053,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tuggummi,"Nominated for the ""WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!"" Award for Steam Autumn Sell 2016, for a very good reason. While the main story is generic and has all the tropes, it ends up with atwistand acliffhangerthat I absolutelydid not see comingand when going back for a second playthrough can be seen hinted at throughout the game. That in my book is excellent story telling and since it's a jrpg it is kinda the whole point, no?Other good points of this game is it's music which I loved almost all of it, except the normal battle theme unfortunately, I don't hate it per se, but in my mind it doesn't quite fit somehow. Small gripe compared to how good the rest of the music is even if the battle music is prevelent most of the game.NPC dialogue, lots of it. If you just breeze through the main story all willynilly not caring about talking to NPC's, you're doing it wrong. There is a lot of different dialogue for the NPC's and they change a lot, even between a single mission for the guild can trigger a new set of dialogue for almost all of the NPC's in town.The combat system is a pretty easy and simple turn-based one, which draws complexity from it's orbment system that is in all intents and purposes Materia 1.5 from Final Fantasy VII. I didn't find it that intuitive at first and was confused, but it does make sense and allows for some pretty flexible setups for your characters, once you know what you're doing and have a lot of quartz to do it. There's also a small gripe with positioning in battle where you can't use the attack command to select which side you're attacking from, but instead have to waste a turn to use the move command first. I honestly didn't care about that nor even noticed until someone else pointed it out.All in all it is a very good solid jrpg for those lingering the nostalgia of the turn-based, story heavy games of the golden days. And the best(worst)part of it is, you get to(have to)play a whole new game to get the full story in Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky - Second Chapter."
,Recommended,251150,27382488,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nethyn,"It's worth playing for the soundtrack, but actually an entertaining JRPG.  The battle system feels like a cross between Final Fantasy Tactics and Chrono Trigger, and the Orbment system allows a bit of customization.  The overall game is lighthearted and fun, with a few serious moments.From the name, I expected to get an airship early on and take to the skies; that didn't happen, but this is the start of a series.  Also, there is little control over makeup of your party during much of the game.  Overall, though, it's well worth grabbing on sale for anyone who enjoys a JRPG, and even full price for JRPG fans."
76561197981668367,Recommended,251150,27384333,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hachiman,Best niche JRPG gem!
,Recommended,251150,27382826,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vashna,"This game's ""Story Rich"" tag is an understatement. This is not an Action RPG. There is a lot of reading involved. The gameplay and pacing are a slow burn, but the payoff is immense. The level of detail in this game is beyond words. If you're a completionist who explores every nook and cranny, and talks to every NPC no matter how mundane or unimportant they may seem, then you will strike gold with this game. Every line of dialogue in this game contributes to a level of world-building that is so awesome, it makes other JRPGs pale in comparison.As an added benefit, this game is the 1st in a trilogy, and that trilogy is also part of a larger saga. I never heard of the Legend of Heroes series before this game, but after playing this game, I now check Steam frequently for more ports and localizations of other games in this series.Pros:- Phenomenal plot; last two scenes really make you crave the second chapter in this trilogy- Highly-developed playable characters and NPCs- Extensive natural-sounding dialogue, including a multitude of humorous moments (I took dozens of Steam screenshots just to immortalize many of these scenes)- Hybrid turn-based, grid-based combat system that brings a level of freshness and strategy not found in many JRPGs- Customizable character builds (""Quartz"" system is similar to the Materia system from Final Fantasy 7)- Challenging boss encounters- Almost 90 ""side"" quests (in fact, side-questing is a core concept of the game)- Great graphics- Engaging music that adds excitement to many scenes due to reoccuring themes- Truly challenging Steam achievements (such as finding every treasure chest in the game)Cons:- Difficulty scaling is somewhat off; monsters are often too easy or too hard- Some content is easily missable; you may not realize this until you complete the game and realize you are missing some Steam AchievementsFinal rating: 9.5/10"
76561198007640991,Recommended,251150,27312928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,M4ximum,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky is a fantastic 2-D RPG with fights in a round-based old-school fighting system. Everthing fits together perfectly, from the music score to the lovable characters, the superb world design to the story. Everyone should give this a try!"
,Recommended,251150,27345646,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DZMaven,Still have never finished a playthrough.Good game though.
76561198158835380,Recommended,251150,27355637,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jared Lord of the Space whales,This games story is ssooooooo good. It flows nicely and has so many twists and turns. 10/10 would reccommend.
,Recommended,251150,27322989,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,phrozen087,"Played this game on PSP and PC and this is hands down one of the best RPGs I have ever played. Simple graphics, addictive gameplay and a story you really can't put down. This game is definitely worth trying if you have been a fan of the older Final Fantasy, Star Oceans, or Tales series. This is one of my few must play titles!"
,Recommended,251150,27380709,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kaizoku_Kazoku,"Excellent game, great characters and story, 9.5/10"
76561198012376264,Recommended,251150,27372928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kenny11050,Only have played for a few hours but this game has already pulled me in and love the story
,Recommended,251150,27221366,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,amenok,"I've played the first part here, and the second so far. This game made a special effort to develop each of the characters so nicely thoughout both games. The fighting mechanics were a bit odd to me at first, but became very natural(to do magic you use different colored gems).At the end of the day though, it was the story and the characters likes joshua and estelle that got to me. I just loved seeing a protagonist like Estelle, who is fiesty and energetic."
,Recommended,251150,27241510,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DonnyDonster,"Ever since I heard the game's battle music back in 2008, I knew that I HAVE to get this game, downside? No translations. Then on July 29, 2014 or nearly 6 years later, the gods of Xseed released it on Steam, I cried in tears of joy because I can finally play it, and it was worth my time."
,Recommended,251150,27281066,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alexander Rafe,"Got this game on a whim and boy was I pleasantly surprised.  If you like classic JRPGs, this one's for you.  There is a lot of text and it can get a bit wordy at times.  The story takes some time to ramp up but is really good.  Battle system is solid and makes it fun to grind for an achievement.  They add some really neat little investigative touches to some of the missions.  The ending was very well done, I teared up, and it made me buy the sequal on the spot and start playing it.  I rarely go for all the achievements in the game but really went for it with this one because of its charm."
76561198078363131,Recommended,251150,15855580,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Abdallah de Bourgogne,"This game has awesome dialogues and likable - if somewhat cliche - characters. The story is slow to start but interesting nevertheless because of the well developed characters and universe.I didn't have such a good time playing a J-RPG since maybe Xenoblade, so that says something about it :)"
,Recommended,251150,15848331,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Vaerik42,"First, let me say that this is a very enjoyable JRPG. I highly recommend it to anyone who has had past experience with the genre and its foibles. That said, I have a huge issue with the game. There is no way to go back and complete side quests you have missed. If you miss a single side quest, just because you want to progress the main story, you cannot complete 100% of the game's material. I'm a bit of a completionist, so this truly irks me.Overall, I do recommend it. The turn-based combat is well done and enjoyable. The story is excellent. The music is solid, and there are some downright humorous elements, as well. Thumbs up with the above reservation."
76561198193099461,Recommended,251150,15780096,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Lightning Showers,I had alot of fun with this one. A nice story and hillarious characters! If you're an RPG fan definitely give this a look.
,Recommended,251150,13978157,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,VillageIdiot,love it
,Recommended,251150,14086387,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,🐪,"Now, Normally I do not write reviews. I can be pretty bad at this kind of thing what with lack of detail. However, Given how I enjoyed this game so much, I could not back away from this laptop.I should start with the length of this game, I spent 60 hours, with about 12 to 15 hours a day, trying to beat this game. Not as long as skyrim mind you, but truthfully it would have been 70 had I continuosly spoke with every character in the game. Now this may be unecessary, but it was interesting(and sometimes boring) to see what other people would talk about after every main quest, sidequest or hiddenquest you have finished. Of course if you don't like reading, which is weird because you are reading right now, this game is not really for you. there are 1.8 millions texts, or so I am told, in this game. Heck I could finish moby♥♥♥♥♥♥in that time.Texts aside, as you start to control your character in game, there is going to be quite a bit of handholding. It is a little pointless, but given how they designed the gameplay in battles and healing I think it may have been neccesary to have kept it longer. I realized at the final chapter you could use arts(Spells) outside of battle to heal yourself. To be honest I do not really like the design of how you battle out the enemy. I have no good way of explaining it, but the game automatically moves your arrow to a button. The most annoying part is that the Arts you will have to scroll down to use against an enemy. I mean Seriously! Scroll down to find a spell after every round? That is incredibly annoying. Still the battles are good enough so that you won't get bored, unless you are constantly heckled by monsters.On to the characters of this game. I have just one complaint. There are no theme songs for any of these guys. I know it is knit picking, but there are too few songs in a game so big and a lot of times they do not match what is going on in the game. Besides that I find the characters to be quite enjoyable. Even the duke, (who is a slob, a drunkard, and possibly sexist) is a character I enjoy seeing because of his stupidity and drunkeness. My favorite character of this game would be Olivier. Olivier is an... unique person. I'd tell you more, but I would not want to spoil the fun. I can say that he has saved me from boredom from time to time as rpgs sometimes get to that in certain scenes. There are other comedic characters in this game too, and this is usually why I play anime games such as this.My final say is that at the end of the game, you will be blasted with an incredible and shocking ending. I cried through these scenes. Heck you'll be mindblown reaching the ending, course if yer perty smart, you may have a good idea what it is. I had an idea, but boy was I off on some points.That said, this game is great, do not buy it if you go to college and have 19 hours of school. You will not get any sleep... like ever. The game is way too addicting to close. in fact I lied about playing it 12 to 15 hours a day... yeah.... I've actually had only 3 hours of sleep until I finally finished it. So that is how addicting it is. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,251150,14089765,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TheLegendOfW,"The Legend Of Heroes: Trails In The Sky is an JRPG with a deep, rich world to explore. The protagonists, Estelle and Joshua embark on an adventure filled with lots of interesting characters with their unique personalities and abilities, It only took me 3 minutes to instantly be engaged to the story, grasping my complete attention that left me to forget there are other games to play, I wanted to experience this game exclusively until I reached the end. As you just read, the story is one of the best aspects of this title.The amazing soundtrack of Trails In The Sky will be in your mind, from the calm tunes, to the intense sounds of battle, it is almost impossible to not like it at all, it is extremly well done. The gameplay is a classic turn based battle system that lets you strategize your movements, going in for the kill on the various monsters you will face. Patience with the tougher enemies is key to a successful win.Is there anything bad to say? Trails In The Sky does have some cliche parts in the story, but it makes up for it with its extensive detail in character development, something you will see grow as you progress through the chapters. Depending on your taste for JRPGs, you may see a lot of good or a lot of bad, it is a title directly for the JRPG fans, but is also welcome for newcomers who want to try something different.Without a doubt Trails In The Sky is a hidden classic that many do not know about. I myself did not know about this game either, I am glad that I did. I highly recommend anyone who LOVES RPGs, no matter if WRPG or JRPGs. For those who haven't bothered trying out JRPGs, for those who haven't tried RPGs, The Legend Of Heroes: Trails In The Sky is the game to play."
,Recommended,251150,13988008,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Oshibo,"After two playthroughs on steam clocking in at 43 hours I must say this is still my favorite RPG I bought it for the psp originally and loved every second of it (played it three time on th psp), then I saw it was coming to steam and I just had to buy it again.This Game is a masterpiece, a beautiful stoy, great character development, well written. I could go on and on about this game but I am to lazy to type that much.Hopefully The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky Second Chapter will be ported to steam too.Do I recommend HELL YES!"
,Recommended,251150,13988356,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,AvatarOfWoe666,"Overall great game.  Sometimes battles can have frustrating RNG elements, but overall an outstanding offering in the JRPG genre."
,Recommended,251150,12319551,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Soggy,"One of the best modern JRPG's I've played recently. It instantly brings out the same feelings I get when going back to play the old classics from SNES and PSX. You really feel like you are playing an anime about an epic adventure. The story line is great, with a beautiful ending that makes you realize this epic adventure is only a small part of the big picture.  The characters are what really bring it together though, with lots of funny and sometimes corny (this IS a JRPG) dialogue that makes you not just like the characters but also care about them. The anime art also looks sharp, which lends even more personality and uniquenes to each person you meet.The combat is very well done. The game actually starts out fairly difficult but eases up when you get to the later part of the game. Too much combat can get repetitive, but since there are no random encounters you only have to grind when you want to. The orbment system gives you some customization of your party members and all the combat animations look solid. The grid based battlefield makes the game look like something similar to Final Fantasy Tactics, but with the way character customization and combat mechanics work, the combat still feels more similar to your standard Final Fantasy fighting.If you are a JRPG fan, you are going to be hard pressed to find something this good without going back to the 90's (with some exceptions on console and handheld). I highly suggest picking this up to provide support to the JRPG scene on Steam, while also getting a real gem that you can easily sink 50+ hours into with a good chance of more chapters to come. I finished the game about 30 minutes before writing this and instead of feeling RPG burnout, I'm just impatiently waiting for Chapter Two to come out so I can throw some more money at the developers."
76561197995459909,Recommended,251150,13951226,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tau,"At this point I am only about 8 hours into the game (which by the way only covers the prologue and the start of chapter 1... Yikees!), but by that I mean 8 hours in one sitting. I'll be honest, I have no idea what about this game that caught me as much as it did, but I feel taken back to playing Pokémon blue on my Gameboy as a child. I guess the atmosphere of happy-go-lucky adventuring is only done well so often.To some extent I find myself constantly hoping that the story will turn more grim every moment, but at the same time I truely enjoy that it doesn't (or haven't yet anyway).I definitely recommend this for people with fond memories of games like Pokémon or Golden Sun, because the feel of it is very similar. While I probably haven't seen the extent of the combat and advancement system yet, it seems simple, solid, but interesting enough to keep your attention. All in all, I have greatly enjoyed the game so far, and I expect I will continue to do so."
,Recommended,251150,13954416,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Knaak,"This game as of right now is very fun and an excellent story thus far. It is a bit slow but once you start to get more into it, the real value of it starts to show. This game has everything any real JRPG lover would want: Amazing story, interesting characters and character development, a very easy to follow crafting system, side quests that have a very nice reward to them and so much more. I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone. It's not too hard and it's not too easy. That perfect balance that even some hardcore gamers would love. So much content even though I'm ten hours in and I've still barely scratched the surface of everything this game has to offer. We need more games like this on Steam."
,Recommended,251150,26994916,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jimstar,Great game to just spend time on if you like rpgs.
,Recommended,251150,26786786,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pruu,Its been a year since i beat this game.Still haven't recovered from the ending!:v
76561197970996397,Recommended,251150,19571483,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Furwy,This is one of the best JRPG in the last 10-15 years.
,Recommended,251150,26958611,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Megaton 900,"Engaging story, good music and nostelgic turn-based combat.This game has an incredible amount of personality."
76561198009455710,Recommended,251150,20023502,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hawke,Great JRPG with a very detailed world.
,Recommended,251150,26943350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,discorded,When people say it takes 20 hours to get into it they're right. and it's worth it.
,Recommended,251150,15746604,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Darth Melon,One of the best games I have ever played. The interactions between the characters is brilliant. The ending is a bit of a cliffhanger but still one of the best games I have ever played. 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,251150,26892574,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UselessHobo,"I had this game in my library for a while from a Humble Bundle, and may not have played it if not for a friend highly recommending it to me. I'm so glad he pushed me to play this, it was absolutely astounding. The level of storytelling is unparalleled today, especially the level of detail. I will definitely play as much of the series I can after this, especially since this story extends over multiple games.The graphics turned me off at first before my friend recommended it, but I wholeheartedly welcomed them if it meant this amazing story."
,Recommended,251150,23112435,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,seishunheiki,"This is the first JRPG I've finished in steam. Storywise, this game has a lot to offer. If you're like me who's a JRPG fan (regardless of platform) and haven't played it yet before on PSP, I encourage you to still play it regardless of it's graphics. This is one of those JRPGs that has rich story and lovable characters. Battle gameplay looks simple at first but combined with the complexity of setting up your orbments, it becomes interesting - just make sure to take your time to learn.Overall, this is definitely one of the best JRPG out there :)"
,Recommended,251150,27525159,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SavageHedgehog,"A old school JRPG that focus on story and music instead sex, violence, and crude languages with that said, it is a refreshing change."
,Recommended,251150,27520747,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,supremezerker,"This game series has the best world-building I've seen in anything.  Trails has become a personal favorite in my eyes and even though this game is an initial slow burn, it builds into something really amazing."
76561198043845602,Recommended,251150,27515201,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akuma (Aamuja),Amazing story and the combat system isnt boring. Allthough i wish there was more equipment and the players wouldnt be restricted to using certain types of crystals on certain characters. And the best part is that i learned that i could run after i played about 3/4 of the game's story -_-
,Recommended,251150,24346996,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Aegis,"World building at its finest.  I expected a completely normal JRPG, but what I got was far more ambitious.  Excellent characters, music, and writing.  However, If you dislike slow stories or like nonstop action this is probably not for you.  On the other hand, if you are patient and allow yourself to get invested and explore you'll get rewarded throughly."
,Recommended,251150,27496866,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maki Roll,Damn Amazing.
,Recommended,251150,28152595,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,"I have already beaten this game on my psp, and I bought it again here because it's that good. (That, and the 3rd is going to be PC exclusive, so I want to transfer save files between all 3 games.)"
,Recommended,251150,28335166,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Crowbeak,"For fans of classic JRPGs, this is a must-play. Well written with great characters and a good story. It has the soul of my favorites from the original PlayStation days and a battle system with some tactical elements to it instead of just ATB style lines of people facing each other. Can't recommend it highly enough.One thing to consider is that it's the first part of a trilogy, and as I approach the end of the game, I find myself planning to buy the second game ASAP once I finish it. This game has its own story arc, but is clearly just one part of something larger."
76561198328998230,Recommended,251150,28323133,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,joshchingmiu3,"What a JRPG this is!  It's been quite some time that a JRPG game/series could keep me fully hooked from beginning to end.  Despite the simple story and slow pacing in the early parts of the game, everything about the setting, characters (be it main or NPCs), and lore are charming and interesting for the player to digest.  Everyone and everything serves a purpose in this game, which continually adds more elements that drive this in-game world.  The world-building aspect of this game, along with the ever-changing dialogue for every character, is what impressed me the most.  I fully enjoyed my 70+ hours on my first playthrough due to reading all these NPC dialogues and novel series.  Along with the S-RPG gameplay/battle system, this JRPG is the ideal blend between traditional and modern RPG.  Now I hunger for the thrilling sequel of this game..."
,Recommended,251150,27275922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ΞΧΔ.Zylf,This game need some love.A great JRPG game 8/10
,Recommended,251150,27307908,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jernigan1303,Really enjoy the turn based fighting style. The storyline is quite amazing and I am excited for the 3rd installment to come out so I can own them all.
,Recommended,251150,27600778,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Foogle,"Although this game was originally released more than 10 years ago, the graphics still hold up well today and the high resolution textures are nothing to scoff at. Menus and characters are still very sharp. The background textures are beginning to show its age, but the diverse locales definitely make up for it. The game also employs a chibi art style which is timeless and will definitely endear you to the characters.What really sets this apart from other JRPGs is its great world building. Throughout the story, you will visit all the different locales and witness many events. The game frequently references other countries in the Trails in the Sky world and even gives some history of the world. NPCs also have their own little stories and whenever you complete a sequences in the story, the NPCs change their dialogue. This was a nifty addition to the game as you can follow the NPCs in their daily struggles and even laugh at some of their misfortunes. The locales, events, history and NPC sub-stories, truly make you part of the story instead of being a simple observer.The main story is at times very intriguing also worthy of following. If you like stories where the main plot is slowly revealed to you then you will definitely like this. Dialogue for the game is also excellent with the main characters being able to make you laugh and cry and even inspired to do the world some good. Props to the excellent localization of the game as the sheer amount of dialogue this game contains was translated well to English and the emotions of the characters and gist of the jokes are not lost.The only downside I can see in the game is that combat gets tedious after a while. I wish that there was some sort of auto-combat support as you can play most of the non-boss encounters by simply auto attacking. However, the customization of this game via “orbments” is rich and will provide you good entertainment if you enjoy min-maxing.I just finished the game today and I will definitely play the second chapter soon!"
76561198158720315,Recommended,251150,28546899,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,jeslimei,"My first most beloved JRPG, I remember playing it when I was in my secondary school... non-stop playing, very long story but very memorable and very interesting characters... very good music.... very good gameplay... love it very much. I had played it more than 3 times. Highly recommended for those who loves JRPG and wanting to look for a fantastic story in a game... make sure you play both FC & SC.My only complaint is that there is no Japanese Audio on steam. I wish there is. I love falcom games because of this first game I played. :)"
76561198008778914,Recommended,251150,28465802,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ser Kezian,Fantastic game. Fantastic story. Fantastic Characters. Gotnthe second one on my wishlist and I'm praying it's in the Winter sale.
,Recommended,251150,27002804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[JCGG] Jomarcenter - MJM,Legend of heroes trails in the sky is a unique JRPG created by Falcom well know for it's PlayStation titles.The series is one of the well popular games in Japan.
,Recommended,251150,26962834,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nerifes,definitely one of the best jrpg i have ever played!
76561198154717924,Recommended,251150,27023322,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,にゃーにゃー,"For the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award nomination.Saw the title of the award and the harmonica ver. whereabouts of the light started to play in my head immediately.""Games are fun. But sometimes games become more than that, and touch you in a way you weren’t expecting. This award celebrates the game that blindsided you emotionally. You weren’t expecting to cry. It wasn’t in the plan. But it happened none the less.""It's more than just a game."
,Recommended,251150,27013916,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hey You!,"If you're looking for a solid JRPG on Steam, The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky should be your first stop. The characters can be a bit dorky, but ultimately very likeable. (I'm looking at you, Olivier.) In addition the music isabsolutely top notch. But I think what really sets Trails in the Sky apart is the attention to detail. Flavor NPCs constantly change their dialogue to match current events, and sometimes these dialogues can blossom into cute little side stories. I couldn't help but go and talk to every character I could after every story beat just to see how things might have changed. Trails in the Sky is a long game and is only the beginning of a trilogy of games, so I reckon you won't be starved for content.The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky gets a big recommendation from me."
76561198010243038,Recommended,251150,27010925,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SHAQ FU,"Really just a great JRPG all around.Great story, great characters, great world building, etc etc etc.Give third chapter pls."
76561197964915314,Recommended,251150,27005659,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toco,"What can i say? I laughed, I cried, i was left scratching my head (a young child with a hand cannon, really?!?) but i love the game, love the series, cant wait for the final chapter."
,Recommended,251150,26907441,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,papernut,First few hours of this game and I was not impressed. Next 60 or so after I was hooked. Incredible game even for its age.
76561198040446853,Recommended,251150,26756349,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Poppa DM2,"Absolutely fantastic...Take your favorite 80-90's style rpgs make sure to add an extra dash of Suikoden and you have Trails in the Sky. Engrossing story, very memorable characters, locations, excellent sound/music and the combat is well done and balanced. This is right up there with FFII, FFVII, Suikoden, Chrono trigger, Earthbound...You get the picture."
,Recommended,251150,26666703,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Licious,"This is Classic JRPG comfort food. If the SNES and PS1 JRPS hold a place in your heart, this is for you.A world full of characterAll NPCs have a personalityNeat combat system"
,Recommended,251150,26676933,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,revenge616,Very good game. one of the best (apart from the sequel). Would say more but do not want to spoil anything.
76561197998521294,Recommended,251150,15336979,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,homemdosgalos,"TLDR on the bottomWell, i kind of bought this game after some recommendations from Steam users, but i simplyI was in the process of ending a FF game, and i can only say this... The moment i started this game out of curiosity, i stoped playing everything else. The game hooks you, both in the history and the battle system, which i find it to be refreshing, even though i've seen dozens of similar turn based RPG's. The history is rich, the game is funny, and it's very easy to like and relate to both main characters.The leveling system is somewhat different from the usual, making it a little better, with less gruesome grinding, and there are some really interesting bosses. As far as the story goes, even though i wasn't surprised with most plot developments, the last ""boss"" is truly surprising, and the ""ending"" (1 of 3 chapters) leaves a lot to discover after.With the second chapter already translated and with the port to Steam to be announced soon, i guarantee that will be bought on day one. If you are considering a JRPG game, go for it.To put it bluntly, it's way worth the money pay for it.Pros:- Characters- Battle System- History / Plot- The mission systemCons- Some bosses are somewhat easy to face and defeat (thought it simply ceases to become an issue with higher dificulty)- The towers and dungeons should really have a map system to make things less annoying.Overall, i would rate this game 10/10, it's simply marvelous.TL;DRSimply buy this game, its amazing and worth every single cent."
,Recommended,251150,27087268,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wrong Turn,Amazing RPG with an excellent sttory.
76561198029802678,Recommended,251150,27241983,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ascalondion,"If you every even remotely enjoyed a JRPG, then PLAY. THIS. GAME!It so awesome. It might not freak you out at every corner, but even at it's low points it is rock solid. Some may complain about the slow paceing at the start, but I rather liked it, because Trails really emphazies the world building aspect and wants you to get ""a feeling"" for the world you're playing in.Also: Awesome Music!Really, great ""Bang for your Buck""-Game!"
,Recommended,251150,27259081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chin9_ie & Freelya,"THE GOOD+Fascinating story+Good strategic emphasis+Challenging, with self-adjusting difficulty level+Charming presentationTHE BAD-Labyrinthine dungeons lack varietySCORE:8/10"
,Recommended,251150,27869007,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ライトニング,"If you are fan of jrpgs or if you like a good story, this game should be a delight for you. This game goes above and beyond when it comes to the world building and characters - when you do a side quest, for example, even most the npc's lines changes according to what happened in the story. In other words, the world and the characters feel ""alive"" and react to story plots, unlike in most jrpgs. The combat is very good and allows for some strategy, although it may also drag a bit on normal encounters. The soundtrack is phenomenal and on par with any of the acclaimed FFs. The graphics are not that great, but the character sprites offer a lot of versatility and can decently convey expressions that aid story telling. Should you experience this game, know that it ends in a cliffhanger. The good thing is that the second game is already available so you wouldn't have to wait years for its conclusion, like most of us did. And if you like this game, the second is even better! But that's another story. =)"
76561197984512206,Recommended,251150,28560499,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Knack2Baybee,"One of the better JRPG series of the last decade. The JRPG equivalent of those long running fantasy epics. People that enjoyed JRPGs like FF9 for the story and the characters should find plenty to love.All the games in the series start slow like a lot of fantasy books but people that commit get rewarded with incredibly detailed and deep world building.For those wondering on the playtime, I double dipped on the game I finished it on my vita years ago."
,Recommended,251150,29370485,Posted: 19 January,all,code_geese,"Story is decent, and it's neat that it's part of a 7+ game series that all take place in the same world and time period with consistent lore and some overlapping events and characters, but it's also very, very slow paced, falls into some JRPG cliches, and is really just setup for Second Chapter.Combat and character customization is solid, but it changes very little throughout the series and quickly gets old, especially considering how long most games in this series are.  Overall it's a positive experience, but don't expect it to blow you away right out of the gate or reinvent the genre."
,Recommended,251150,29309670,Posted: 16 January,all,WeaponX,"Great story line and combat system. If you're looking for some old classic style jrpg game, this is the game for you. Wish I had this game when I was a kid.Only problem I had with this game was the excessive dialogue. Don't get me wrong, the dialogue is great but after an hour of reading, it start to get boring. You read more than you play."
76561198016603957,Recommended,251150,29639983,Posted: 1 February,all,Fibulator,"*Awesome* game.  Love the Anime, love the combat/gear system.  And my favorite: They actually did an exceptional job with the PC Port... Not only did they add mouse support, but you could control the entire thing with just the mouse.  (Unless you wanted to rotate the camera, which would require key presses)  On top of that, it auto puts your cursor in the most likely place you'd be putting it anyway, for much faster play.Two downsides: The completely random camera angles can be disorenting.  Upon zoning, or any cutscene, there's absolutely no telling where the camera angle will be.  It's a little laggy some times while walking around.  (My system plays any optimized game at max at 70+ fps)  It's not a FPS thing, the game hitches a little.**Edit: Enabling Hardware Vertex Shading in the configuration tool fixed the stuttering/lag completely.8.5 hours in, and I'm barely through the prologue... even the ""tutorial"" was fun, and really felt like part of the story.  Story rich is an understatement.LMAO: *Spoiler... kinda*  Best monster ever: Creepy Sheep: Special move ""BAAAAAD touch""!"
76561197999201381,Recommended,251150,31027565,Posted: 8 April,all,Xtreeme,"I bought this game, mainly because I read that it is a text heavy game.I wanted to expand my English vocabulary and have some entertainment at the same time.I Was not disappointed, however I will not recommend this game, if you are searching for some fast-paced gaming experience. Story is slow and it requires patience from the player especially at the beginning.Good things- Combat system was okay, not perfect but okay (I do not bought this game because of that).- The overall atmosphere of adventure and exploring.- Captivating mysteries which you want to solve.Now to the bad things.- Pace of the plot is not very well balanced. It goes very slowly, verly slowly, slowly, to extremely fast.- Some of the characters were too stereotypical, beside Jousha and Estelle at least for me.- What I missed in this game is the ability to scroll text back, because it is too easy to make a mistake by pressing some buttons, without reading the entire dialog box.- I am concerned about the quality of the translations. There were some words, I could not find in the English dictionary and even if they were, they did not fit into the context. Beside that some sentences (40%) were seriously written in a strange way. I could really feel that the translator really struggled.- Sometimes the event programming is too frustrating. The game does not allow you to move freely, especially when you want to make some side quests.- The game does not give you a map of the dungeons and in result you can get lost. That is sometimes frustrating; thankfully it happens only occasionally, because dungeons are usually not that big, with the exception of the last level.- NPC’s boring walking animation, which symbolizes a variety of activities. When I saw it for the first time, I thought it was a bug.  I truly do not like it. It feels like a lazy solution made by animators! Is there really no other solution to this problem?"
,Recommended,251150,29562773,Posted: 29 January,all,Kappa Omicron,"A very good JRPG with many different and interesting characters to meet and get to know. I had a lot of fun learning about the world and enjoying its big adventure the story brings.To some, the character art might seem a little old and outdated, but it does grow on you and they have such a wide variety of character portrait expression you would normally expect from something like a visual novel. I really liked that and it really helped bring the characters to life.It's a pretty long game mind, it took me a little over 66 hours to finish the main story and do most of the side quests. I'm looking forward to continuing the story in the sequel when I'm next in the mood to devote to such a long game in the future."
76561198105346585,Recommended,251150,29676621,Posted: 3 February,all,Monokuma,Great Game. very much enjoyed it.
,Recommended,251150,31005982,Posted: 7 April,all,swordpile,"By far one of the best JRPG games I have had a chance to experience. The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky First Chapter is a story of two Junior Bracers Estelle and Joshua Bright as they travel the kingdom of Liberl to help out anyone and everyone they encounter. Of course, the plot is much, much deeper than that, with a conspiracy that requires more than one game to fully develop.The graphics appear simple, but everything looks really clean and smooth, with no stray pixels or misplaced assets. The character models do not express much emotion, but there are character portraits for every range of emotions from the prominent characters, whether they are happy, distressed, angry, warry, confused, serious, etc.The characters themselves are very round, each with complex relationships with each other and other NPCs that are seen or spoken of throughout the game. But they are good people whom are easy to like, whether because they are cute as a button or ridiculous as the bard that they are (and blowing the ear was really silly). The antagonists are all really on the gray area of the moral spectrum, barring one case, and there is sufficient motivation for them to go through their plans, and for the main characters to stop their plans.The plot admittedly starts off slow, with it really picking up at the end of the fourth chapter of a five chapter game. There are a few plot points that get forshadowed in the early parts, but nothing too obvious to commit to memory. It is the character interactions that made me enjoy the game up to the fourth chapter, but once everything comes together, then it reallllllllly gets going. So much, that Falcom had split the original version into two parts, the First Chapter and Second Chapter, to properly tell this wild ride of a story. The Second Chapter is two times as long as the First Chapter and effectively contains 2/3 of the complete story.The combat was also really enjoyable, and it is very sophisticated despite first glance. First, every playable character has a menu where they can add six crytals (quartz) into the slots of a combat orbment (a magitek device developed with the standard technology of the setting). These quartz can increase stats, cut spell costs in half, apply a status ailment on enemies, increase movement range or casting range, allow enemies to see your or not, etc. But each quartz has a specific element to it, and some characters have slots that can only accept a specific element. Each quartz has an elemental value to it, and some have multiple elemental values to it, and each combat orbment has a different setup so that they can have multiple number of lines, which is the number of slots connected to each other, and will add up all the elemental values of the quartz specific to the line. This is all for the sake of the magic system of the game, which are called Arts, which consume EP, Energy Points, or the equivalent to MP in this game. The Arts a character can learn are dependent on the value of the quartz and the arrangement of the quartz, so muching tinkering will be had to get a specific powerful Art onto a character (I'm looking at you Saint). Of course, some characters are better magic users than others, so can only spend time on the quartz arrangement for those, and just put the quartz with the most beneficial stat boosts on the physically inclined characters.There are also Crafts, which consume CP, Craft Points. The CP bar starts out empty, but is filled up every time a character attacks or is attacked, with a couple accessories increasing the rate or automatically filling it up, and some foods that will restore CP when eaten. They allow for special abilites such as an insta-kill, interrupting an enemy cast, getting even more CP, buffing stats, healing allies, etc, as long as you have them. When you hit the 100 threshold for CP, you get access to an S-Craft, which is a supermove that deals massive damage or immensely heals the party, but consumes all the CP in the meter. At 200 CP, the supermove will be stronger, but will all be consumed just the same. At the same time, you get access to S-Break, which is the same as S-Craft, but you can use it any time, even when its the enemies turn next. It'll put you in priority of the turn order, which is visible, and you can kill the enemy that would have the next turn.tl;dr: Gameplay is complex, with potential to minmax. There is a tutorial that will explain everything the gameplay is about at the beginning, and there is a guide on magic that you can refer to anytime for finding out how to get desired Arts, as well as the names and effects of every quartz in the game, and other vital gameplay information.The music is superb. There is a track for every situation in the game, all the town themes are atmospheric and pleasant to the ears, the route theme definitely gives the feeling of going on an adventure, all the combat themes fits with the situation (normal enemies, notorious enemies, bosses). There's a rich diversity of music in this game that tells how what the world is like.The replayability value is good, with a New Game+ mode that can increase the difficulty and whether or not you want to keep everything from the previous file or not. But, you definitely cannot 100% this game on your first playthrough if you're not using a guide, unless you go to every single nook and crany at every opportunity. Like, seriously, there is this one collectible that you will miss unless you go back to town when literally everything but the game is telling you to go the exact opposite direction. There's also an achievement for reading all the messages in chests, to which there are 163 in the game. And since you cannot backtrack to an old town in this game, you cannot go back to find a chest you missed the first time. Annoying, but what isn't annoying about getting 100% in a game?Overall, I will give this game a 9/10. Only reason I don't give a perfect score is because the Second Chapter, which is far, far superior in every aspect (except for 100%. It's even worse, and the reason I won't be making a review for it anytime soon...)"
,Recommended,251150,29414506,Posted: 21 January,all,Platinum,"Let me start by asking this... Why haven't you bought this game already??Trails in the Sky is an AMAZING rpg with soooo many unique and fun bits to it. The 3 main things about this game are: Very long adventure, Awesome and emotional story, and unique (in my opinion) gameplay! If you're looking for a game with those 3 things then this game is perfect! You've got many diverse characters, lots of side-quests and secrets to find, fun & flexible fighting, AAAAAAAAND you can gamble all your money away in a casino in one of the towns! :39.8/10Overall - If you have 80-120 hours to spare, and want a fun game to get attatched to, THIS game is perfect! Also, the game includes a lot of dialog, so if you dont like that kind of stuff then leave now, but otherwise, PLAY IT. Oh, and save a lot."
76561198041490672,Recommended,251150,29495123,Posted: 25 January,all,sims112,"Just finished my second playthrough. I liked the Story and Turn-Based combat alot, leveling up the characters and buying armor, weapons and quartz for them feels good, because you actually feel the difference in combat (there are quite a few games where it just feels like not much changes)If you don't like turn-based combat or story-heavy games, this might not be for you. But if you do, i recommend getting this game."
76561198035846921,Recommended,251150,29341926,Posted: 18 January,all,Dein,"Wonderful game, and one of my favorite JRPG's i've ever played.This game world builds better than any game i've played.Every character has their own story, whether it be little or big.DEFINITE recommend to any JRPG lover."
,Recommended,251150,26977754,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,David,One of the best JRPGs I've ever played! Highly recommended!
,Recommended,251150,31181790,Posted: 16 April,all,Abedeus,"Great game, amazing story, fun characters as well as a very long and interesting story. Tens of hours of exploration, combat and dialogues with very good music and visuals."
,Recommended,251150,28227629,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,m4ti140,"Volvo tier cliffhanger. However there's a sequel available in this case, so 11/10"
76561198353092589,Recommended,251150,30623725,Posted: 19 March,all,sjmayhew,"Having looked around , I found that this game was originally released in 2004 in Japan and took a while to be translated to English and be ported to the PC. So please do not expect modern cutting edge graphics and lots of special effects thrown in. This plays like a JRPG of it's time - simple controls ( I used the mouse to do everything - move, rotate camera and all interactions), 5 gear slots per character, 3 meters -HP(life), EP(spells/healing), CP (rage) and an enhancement system that requires grinding to get the best transferrable skills/stat buffs.If you have ever played the likes of the Luminous Arc series on the Nintendo DS, expect to feel at home here.Some skills(crafts0 are tied to a character but most are linked to orbs (quartz). To increase the number of orbs you can hold and synthesise more powerful ones, you require crystal shards (sepith) which drop from all monsters. The shards can also be sold for cash, with trade value increasing as the game progresses.The combat system is turn based, with an action altering the sequence depending on a character's reflexes and time factor assigned to the spell or skill. There are super-moves that can only be used after a 'rage meter' has been charged up to 50%+ over the course of 1+ battles to activate.The one major drawback I've encountered is the local map not being present in dungeons, only highway areas, as some maps feature areas with multiple possible entrances that can leave you frustrated when working out which door is where or trying to progress in sections with multiple dead ends. The other niggle is a collectible set (Carnelia books) that has narrow & strict timeframes for acquisition; with the location generally being nowhere near where the story intends for you to go.Completing the game is straightforward (I got a mission rating of 339/368 without help), getting 100% completion will generally require a guide.Overall I'd say it's one for classic JRPG fans who like plenty of story scenes which you can't skip, and want a game that can be played whilst generally relaxing bar the last boss fight."
,Recommended,251150,31778530,Posted: 15 May,all,Migi,"The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky ReviewProsStoryline""Hailed as one of the largest, longest and most meticulously detailed turn-based JRPG series of all time""""A vast world where every NPC has a name and personality, every town has its own unique politics and economic concerns, and no detail is ever trivial.""It is indeed one of the best storyline setting in a JRPG, although not without its problem (will be explained in Cons) Everytime the game progress it's storyline, all the NPCs will follow through. They will respond to the current issue that happened locally, and some NPC even move forward and have their own 'storylines' progress throughout the game, where you can meet them again later. So talking to every NPC in this game is definitely some kind of rewarding, not only just for the sake of 'roleplaying', or a chore.also some secret quest can only be triggered by talking to specific npc at a specific timeframe.Even every single treasure chest has their own freaking distinctive dialogs!which you need to find them all for an achievement. They didn't have dialogues actually in original Japanese version, which show how much effort Xseed had put into localizing this game.SoundtrackThe hallmark of a great JRPG ; it is accompanied with a stunning array of soundtracks. And oh boy this game did not disappoint in this departmentGameplayFamiliar turn-based system, easy to learn for beginners. JRPG veterans should start the game on Nightmare mode for more satisfying experiences. Gameplay mechanics such as skills and arts are balanced (for the most part).Controls are good, with the usual gamepad/keyboard+mouse support.  You can literally play this game using only a mouse, which I really appreciate.ConsStoryline........Since they set it up as a trilogy, the first part is (like you expect) the slowest of them all. There's virtually nothing notable happen even after an hour into the game, which would probably put off a lot of players who hadn't the time to invest.A lot of cliche dialogues and familiar plot devices too. Also if you watched a lot of anime, the story is highly predictable.Grinding/Power-levellingThis game definitely has pure, strong hatred towards grinding. The monsters give next to nothing in terms of exp when you reached that area's certain level. So don't bother grinding for a few hours when you can just level up in 15 minutes by going further in the plotlines, unless you want to collect a lot of sepith (the currency and material for orbal arts)I had played this game on PSP before it came to Steam, and bought it immediately when Trails in the Sky SC was finally released. I genuinely enjoyed the game, and the only other comparable game that I got this feeling from a JRPG is Suikoden 2. Thank flying f*k Xseed for finally succeeds in localizing & bringing it here for western fans."
76561198093040150,Recommended,251150,31769274,Posted: 15 May,all,skinkken,+++++
,Recommended,251150,21307710,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dave,Recommended
,Recommended,251150,31802079,Posted: 17 May,all,Aventheim,"The story is absolutely amazing, there's many NPCs with names and unique dialogues, lots of loveable characters, memorable towns, and the game doesn't grind too much."
76561198056106029,Recommended,251150,31796204,Posted: 16 May,all,tsunami0ne,"Only recommended if you have alot of time on your hands. The localization is great, similar to a Working Designs game, but the game's pacing is slow and the game just plays like an average J-RPG."
,Recommended,251150,33899090,Posted: 30 July,all,Zilkin,"One of my favorite RPG series. Great story, characters, world building, combined with great battle system."
76561198017741246,Recommended,251150,34342376,Posted: 18 August,all,oMelette_4u,"Very good game,... good story,... fun combat and more!"
,Recommended,251150,34466760,Posted: 24 August,all,龙・ロング,"Certainly I recommend such a fine piece of work like Trails in the Sky.The richness of the story, and how it develops over the chapters within. Having a taste of many different genres, you can see a mix of drama (mainly), a bit of comedy (in a natural way), suspense, thriller, ""romance"", action, slice of life, crime, conspirations and some more.The music done by Falcom is always expected to be great. Further more how certain melodies go exactly with the mood of the story, surrounding you a little more with the world of Zemuria.Even if people think turn based combat is something old-school... particularly the turned based combat from the Legend of Heroes introduces a dynamical factor, that even if this is not ""active time battle"", certainly it can be a big challenge to fight many battles in the matter of how you administer your resources and the battle's bonuses.Another thing is that, characters have 2 different skill sets: one that can be customizable and another one that is fixed, having the best out of customization along with the uniqueness of each character.The first time I knew this story, was on PSP around 2011 and played it like 20 minutes and left it on standby... next time it was 2013, started again and got caught by the story at the end of the prologue.Given that this was my first experience with The Legend of Heroes (came across this after liking the Ys' series), personally I got absolutely surprised on the climax of the story and how the bonds of characters arise at the time of crisis, as well as  how much happened in just one country of Zemuria (and this, coming from RPGs in which you travel around the world and save it)... giving an immersiveness on a different level compared to usual and classic RPGs."
,Recommended,251150,34271388,Posted: 16 August,all,cluthz,"A story that starts out slow and really takes off in the end.The first 15+ hrs is more or less building up the story around the world and characters.If you think the game starts out a bit too slow for you, push on and you will be rewarded.The game is not grindy, unlike many jrpgs. Voices are good, soundtrack is great.The visuals are clearly outdated by todays standards, but its very usable with good upscaling.It even works fine on ultra wide resolutions! I played a bout half of the time on a laptop with intel graphics,and half of the time on a desktop with a GTX 1070, it ran great with no bugs on either.I used 55 hours to finish the game, did most of the side quests and talked to most of the townspeople,I'm usually a bit slow on games like this, so expect around 50 hrs with most completed on normal difficulties and maybe 30-40 hours if you rush it."
,Recommended,251150,34447585,Posted: 23 August,all,Niko,"____________________________Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky FC--------------------------------------------The beautiful start to a beautiful series of games.Legend of heroes trails in the sky is a game in the trails series of games (not to be confused with tales).This particular one is an introduction to the world of Zemuria where the trails games take place.The plot is centered in the time 10 years after the Hundred Days War, a historical plot device that is commonly used for backstories in the story. We are introduced to the characters of Estelle and Joshua, kids of Casius Bright who are about to become full fledged bracers.Bracers are a guild of people who work for the better of society by fufilling requests, eliminating monsters, etc.Soon though, their advanture takes a twist, Casius is gone missing and the kids take part in a big national mystery.Includes : Silly army men, bandits with airships, a princess and a fake princess, clocks that make magic and more !The characters in this game are all lovable and relatable, each one having a distinct personality and a cause that drives them to fufill what they want. No spoilers but, the game also has a great villian who has his own good motives for keeping the plot going and everything ends up just being a conflict of interests. Nothing much I can say about the story without spoiling it but, its great.The battle system reminds me of final fantasy VII with its unique orbment system which lets you customize every character to your own liking, including the skills they get and stat distributions. The actual battles themselves also follow a final fantasy system of turns. But what makes this game unique is the same thing that made Radiant Historia on the DS unique. The system focuses a lot on the positioning. Are you going to leave your characters close to gether and make them get crowd controlled, or are you going to seperate them, missing out on aoe support spells and leaving them open to enemies ganging up on them. Certain skills are cast in a line only for example, making enemy positioning crucial aswell. What is also great is lower tier spells are still very useful in certain aspects, because they usually lock onto enemies and they have no way of dodging them, while most high tier spells are aoe and require precision positioning.The soundtrack of this game is amazing. Falcom did an amazing job.Usually battle themes make you ready for a fight, but this game's battle theme just makes you get comfy in your chair and think things through stratigcally, and if things take a wrong turn, the battle theme shifts into a more intense tone.Usually town themes are something I despise, since they are just one tune repeated. This game does it superbly to the point where I sometimes just walked around the towns to listen to the music. This also brings me to the world. The true masterpiece of this game. If you play most J-rpgs you will just get used to talking to a npc once and never again. This game should break that habit. Every single npc is unique in their own way and 80 % of them got stories to tell if you visit them again after major plot points. A shop keeper who is looking for girls, a boy helping out at a shop but always roleplaying, or a cook that takes the weirdest ingridients and makes masterpieces with them. Its fun talking to theese characters and they truly feel alive and what makes it even greater is that the other games take place only a few years within each other, but are set in different parts within the same world, so if you play trails of the cold steel you will be already familliar with the history of the world and even its political structure and trading routes.Theres a lot more to say to this, but I think all the reviews are clear. PLAY IT !Note : If you do beat the game be prepared to waste your wallet on getting the other 2 sequels because you want to see the fullness of the plot till the end."
76561198100501559,Recommended,251150,34450580,Posted: 23 August,all,mferrera318,"A truly incredible experience that makes you continuasly want to learn more and advance the increasingly intricat plot. With well written characters and an interesting character progression/battle system, the game will keep you interested and have you searching out hidden interactions or more world building htrough conversing with towns folks or sidequests.The music is also incredible and I haven't grown tired of it since.The only major problem I can see people might have with the game is the slow beginning. But trust me, stick with it and the plot picks and excitingly and quickly. However, what I find this game also does incredible is its use of foreshadowing. Therefore, even during slower story sections, the attentive eye will be well rewarded.I hughly recommend this game for any enthusiats of JRPGs and those that are in for a long and incredible adventure."
76561198258581204,Recommended,251150,34488281,Posted: 25 August,all,pilot talk,"This is a must if you enjoyed classic rpgs with great stories but don't want the same old game with the same old story, the writing in this game is amazing, every town NPC has unique personality traits this is hands down top 3 jrpgs for me. The battles are classic turnbased. The animations for attacks can leave a bit to be desired but the battle presentation and stratagy for different enemies keeps the fighting fresh. Most of the battles serve the purpose of excelling the story and seeing the next scene feels like more of a reward than defeating a giant boss. The loot system is pretty standard not alot of options but also not a ton of item clutter either. Often when you have to read during a game the writing can be not engaging. The writing in this is I found to be very engaging and reading long conversations rarely felt like a chore."
,Recommended,251150,34525911,Posted: 27 August,all,uncle assads barrel bombs,its good
,Recommended,251150,34541335,Posted: 27 August,all,Vessol,"Fantastic JRPG with really great worldbuilding and characters. It can be a little slow to start, but luckily there is a new Turbo option that allows you to speed up the game significantly (helps a lot in battles, animations are slow). The overarching plot takes a few hours to start really developing, but when it does it's full of intrigue and conflict that reminds me a lot of the Suikoden games. The battle system is simplistic, but there is enough depth to sink your teeth into as the game goes on.Having the central setting be the kingdom of Liberl really helps to make the world feel lived in and makes for great exploring. The dozens of side characters and even faceless NPCs are well written, realistic, and not overly cliche. It helps that it switches the side characters in your party often, to give you an idea of different builds and strategies. The music is also fantastic.Overall, if you enjoy JRPGs, especially those with more political and grounded stories, you can't go wrong with Trails in the Sky."
76561198042375234,Recommended,251150,11504233,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Batora,"Awesome game even if at the launch I had some issues, now that I did what the dev said just after the game was released I am now enjoying this game like I did 3 years ago.And it's really awesome !Vast universe, richly developed by in-game books and chronicles that we may buy (or not if we're too lazy too read ;) ). The gameplay is simple but not so easy to master (At my first playthrought I didn't even knew that there was a S-Craft possibility xD).Plus there are now some achievements and cards to collect so this is now a must have ! (And the game will be patched over the time (already 2 patch downloaded) so there is no worrying in buying these game !Please Xseed release SC :D !"
76561197970405162,Recommended,251150,34680230,Posted: 2 September,all,Zu [UK],"If you are open-minded enough to enjoy older style JRPGs (sprite graphics, turn-based combat, that sort-of thing) then this is NOT TO BE MISSED! However, must warn that it is a pretty slow burn that gradually builds up the world and the characters but the payoff is amazing. Note that this is the first in a 2-parter (I know there's 3 games but♥♥♥♥♥♥3 is more of an epilogue that the ""main story"")."
,Recommended,251150,34680674,Posted: 2 September,all,Arri,"Perfect opener for the Legend of Heroes series, which provides you with an excellent story and world building.The combat might be mediocre but the boss fights can be challenging for a casual player.This game starts on a very slow pace because you are introduced into the world as a newbie setting out, which your main character actually is. You learn about the world together with her. The pace seriously increases at the end of this game and the next installments. Do buy this game if you truly enjoy RPG franchises which you can be immersed in."
,Recommended,251150,34598836,Posted: 29 August,all,HEISENBERG,If you guys are into JRPG. If you guys pick story rather than graphic. This game might just what you needed.
76561198103341551,Recommended,251150,34721629,Posted: 3 September,all,Light Shift,"Without a doubt one of the best JRPG's I've ever played.Although the battle mechanics are great and there's tons of collectibles, this game is definitely more for story driven players, who enjoy taking their time to explore and get to know the characters and world they live in. And my, what a story! top notch narrative that I don't think can be beaten (of course, I haven't played SC or 3rd yet, but I'm sure they'll be toppers). Envoked so many emotions! My wife is not a gamer but she became captivated by the story as well, and through that got very interested in gameplay and helped me out of many tight situations.Speaking of gameplay - this game houses some of the greatest turn-based battles I've ever played. The magic system is rewarding and fun, items and crafting meals is great...but what I love most is that grinding never felt like grinding, just because of the fun factor going on.Absolute 10/10, and hands down one of my most favorite JRPG's and video games ever, can't wait to dive into SC! Quick note if you buy this game, know that it's part of a trilogy - so factor that in to your bank account because you will need to buy SC and 3rd."
,Recommended,251150,35136830,Posted: 22 September,all,TheLonelyGod,Fantastic Trilogy. Absolutely Worth playing.
,Recommended,251150,35082645,Posted: 20 September,all,Clausner,"I have always been liking the RPG games, especially JRPG. The scripts and gameplay was okay, which is fine by me, but I wish this game could be expanded the features like job system utilized in FF franchise. The rest are good. Can't wait to play SC and TC edition."
76561198052616542,Recommended,251150,35207720,Posted: 25 September,all,Durbem,"Would advice to everyone who loves old school RPG where you get a turn each. But then you reach the end, and at that point I'd advice you turn away and run. After all the fun you had and effort you put in, game rewards you with 3 extremely brutal and long fights to finish the game. I just spend about 30 mins on third boss in there, took away 40% of his hp, made one wrong turn and died. Not sure I will try it again anymore. Not fun."
,Recommended,251150,30059102,Posted: 20 February,all,Legendary,"One of the best JRPG games I've ever played. Sure, the story takes awhile to kick off but once it does, you can't get enough of it. This is the first of three titles in the arc and the story gets more and more interesting as you progress. I highly reccomend this game to anybody who wants to enjoy a classic JRPG that is story rich right at its core. Rating:10/10"
76561198314007822,Recommended,251150,35108102,Posted: 21 September,all,Mumen Rider,Too bad that you cannot permaswitch Estelle with Agate. Made Estelle pretty Tanky so she sponged a lot of damage and that was all she could do. Tita was way more useful with her aoe and blind.Still a pretty solid oldschool JRPG.7.5 / 10 Dreamcasts
,Recommended,251150,35195620,Posted: 24 September,all,Dracaemelos,"What I would say about this game is barely able to be expressed in words...I can but try to share what non-spoilering thoughts might be useful to those reading reviews...I shall put a TL:DR first - If the world-building and attention-to-detail aspects of a game story appeal to you, I believe that you would enjoy this game superlatively.(That's a TL:DR, right?  Short but doesn't contain most of the content?)Then, I guess I'll try to have a summary version - I find this game to be enjoyable on many levels.  There is the story, which I love, and there are the characters, whom I also love, especially as the game progresses.  There is the world, which is very much involved in the story and with the characters, thus I also love it and it causes me to love the story and characters more.  There are the mechanics, which personally I find fun to play around with on the various difficulties.What else is there?  I think there is just something more within the way the mechanics are tied into the story and world and characters, lending it all a very satisfying concordance or cohesiveness that really immerses.Oh and of course, the self-aware commentary of the treasure chests and a few of the monster designs here and there.  ^_^Then the long version...What I liked about this game...I'll need to back up.  I have a very vivid reading experience, you see, and if possible I prefer to play games which are not voiced, because then their dialogue voices itself in my head in such a way that I can actually hear it.  I am also of the opinion that the music of a game is incredibly important to its setting, tone, and story (and sometimes even its mechanics).  Finally, I tend to become very emotionally invested in a story if the characters are also emotionally invested in it.This being the case, Trails in the Sky sent me headlong, or perhaps head over heels, into its story and its world (which are somewhat synonymous?), and I just can't stop loving it.  The experience of the characters throughout the story in the world with the music and the mechanics and the dialogue having been so well localized...  Well, it was a very positive experience, and I just keep playing it more and loving it more...The music is very well woven, with various themes coming back in identifiable and awesome ways.  And even the ones that are not repurposed are... so appropriate to their situations.  It adds SO much.  You just get into certain situations and the music for that plays and you're like... COULD this be more appropriate to this feeling?!  No, no it couldn't!Due to all the attention to detail and world-building there are very many things that make it worth replaying, because of all the 'aha!' moments you will have, and all of the oh, yeah, I saw what happened later but now I really get it moments... and a few moments that may make your heart pause as your eyes well up with tears.  (These are replay moments I'm talking about - 'course, there are a few like that in the first time through as well.  And I guess if you're like me I still have a similar though perhaps less strong in some scenarios while stronger in others reaction when replaying something to the first time I played it ^_^; )Do I dislike anything about this game?Let's see... uh... Oh, the first time I played through, I swear there was less 'bad language' in some of the dialogue.  I think there was a revamp to fix up some errors and that that changed some of the particular words used.  Of course, there's not any REALLY awful language in it, just a few things I don't usually say which I really felt as though some of it appeared only from my second playthrough on.There are a few odd graphical bugs in the new DX9 version but you can still play the DX8 version and I'm sure those are both rather specific to the individual PC and are being worked on... (Actually I recommend the DX8 version for now; the first little movie looks...really weird in the DX9 version right now, at least for me.)I really can't say I actually dislike anything else about this game.  Honestly, everything else I can think of, I either am neutral about, like, or love.  Or super-love.Well, I have finally posted a review for this game, and while I hope it helps someone, I'm just glad that I finally was able to put this into some words at least, even if it's not able to convey how I really feel about it."
76561198008755970,Recommended,251150,35405280,Posted: 1 October,all,Piercy,"The first game in a trilogy which hints at greater things to come. The story starts off slow but is saved by charming dialogue and character moments sprinkled throughout. If you stay till end you won't regret it.Setting and visuals can be described as ""generic"" but once again this game is packed with personality that you will be immersed regardless.The music, FANTASTIC. Your head will be bopping all the way.Thank you Nihon Falcon and Xseed, for rekindling the magic in JRPGs we don't see anymore."
